@_author: go1111111
@_date: 2016-08-03 21:23:33


You could also remove the ability of Bitgo to steal your money by not having them involved at all. The fundamental question is: what service was Bitfinex relying on BitGo for? 
According to your theory, Bitfinex was using BitGo mainly as an interface to the blockchain, and any security features were just to eliminate the 3rd party risk in this situation. 
But BitGo brands themselves primarily as a security company, not as a blockchain interface. "Secure your bitcoin applications with the same platform that protects the world’s leading exchanges and institutions." 
BitGo's marketing and website implies that your service will be more secure from non-BitGo agents if you use them.
"You control a second key, and a third key is stored offline as a backup. If a single key is compromised, your Bitcoin can’t be stolen. This makes our wallet virtually hack proof."
"BitGo handles user authentication, fraud detection, and policy verification before co-signing any transaction."
BitGo's service is clearly designed to help protect customers against hacks by people other than BitGo. 
BitGo does probably offer their customers the ability to configure what kind of fraud detection they want. Maybe Bitfinex turned all of this off, but that would seem to defeat the main purpose of BitGo. 
@_date: 2016-08-03 19:48:04


...but BitGo apparently couldn't have stopped that, because Bitfinex could have done exactly what the attacker did to steal all the funds.


That's the problem. If BitGo's signing was automated with no safeguards, then BitGo wasn't really providing any extra security. 
We still don't know that there weren't supposed to be safeguards in place though. It could be that Bitfinex did set up safeguards, but BitGo's system failed somehow.
@_date: 2016-08-03 20:49:24


I don't think we know exactly what attacks BitGo's security agreement with Bitfinex was trying to prevent. It's certainly possible that the system was intended to keep someone who hacked into Bitfinex from stealing huge amounts of coins. You're asserting that that wasn't part of the plan at all. What's your evidence?


The withdrawal limit would simply require manual approval to override. It would cause a slight delay, maybe just an hour or so while BitGo confirmed with Bitfinex that all these huge withdrawals happening simultaneously were legit. I don't think people would be that upset about it.
@_date: 2016-08-03 00:51:45
The miners also risk the full value of their mining investments by doing what you're suggesting. 
One thing keeping Bitcoin's current mining centralization from leading to bad outcomes is that miners know that users might change the PoW algorithm if they feel strongly enough that the miners are taking advantage of the centralization that does exist. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 19:12:55
They're an exception to the case of non-exchange Bitcoin companies basically giving up on making money based on Bitcoin's growth / popularity. Although 21 doesn't make money yet, they're still all-in on their long term vision of Bitcoin becoming huge for machine to machine payments.
@_date: 2016-04-24 04:45:29
It's not clear that it's "planned." Here's what the roadmap says:


be enough.


(bolding mine).
So Core has basically said they might do a hard fork in the future, based on criteria that they didn't specify. (What would qualify as 'need'?). 
That doesn't really rule out much. Especially because Core has made it clear that they won't do a "controversial" hard fork. So basically the hard fork will be gated by the subjective definitions of "need" held by the most conservative part of the group. 
@_date: 2016-04-28 21:27:37
The TPP is a huge agreement containing lots and lots of stuff. Some of it is good, some of it is bad, just like with any large agreement reached through a political process of compromise and deal-making. 
It might be the case that the TPP is bad overall and that Coinbase shouldn't support it, but this post doesn't really allow someone to evaluate whether on balance it's positive or negative.
@_date: 2016-04-21 08:55:40
Was the wallet encrypted? If so, how secure was the password?
@_date: 2016-04-14 04:52:40
It's news because it confirms that the ChangeTip team was looking for a way to go out of business. Acquihires like this only happen when the team is pretty motivated to sell -- usually as a result of the company taking the initiative to try to sell itself. 
It's another in a series of developments that suggest that it's really hard to make money in the Bitcoin space right now unless you're an exchange. 
Wallet providers are either ceasing operations or transitioning their focus away from wallets (see Coinbase focusing on being an exchange)
Companies in the cryptocurrency space are chasing hard after the enterprise, permissioned blockchain market, suggesting that they don't see much opportunity in the Bitcoin space.
There are exceptions to this, for instance 21.co.
@_date: 2018-01-04 23:01:04
Is this why Google's servers are all housed in very small rooms?
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:07:35


The current best sidechains security model is different than the main chain model. A lot of people think it's significantly worse. This is a risk to the "alts will all become sidechains" theory.
@_date: 2018-01-19 02:45:25
There is a sense in which BCH is better than Doge/LTC/ETH: if BCH ever becomes widely used as cash and gets significant market cap, then Bitcoin holders from before the fork are protected. 
The alternative is that BTC investors have to be vigilant about whether some alt could significantly take some of BTC's market share, and actively diversify into it. For the normal user, this is stressful and error prone. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:07:48
Not really, they want to scale almost fully on-chain and most supporters of that project think Lightning is bad for some reason. 
Lightning is actually the best way to scale, but we'll still need some amount of on-chain capacity increases eventually. And short term solutions to minimize harm to users until Lightning is ready seem beneficial. 
This isn't about changing BTC's long term vision, it's about trying to get there in the smoothest way possible.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:37:04
A less biased summary:
Some people think that being able to use Bitcoin for small/medium size payments is really important, even in the short term, and also think that Core overestimates the danger from large blocks.
There is a tradeoff between usability and centralization risk, and they think that Core is sacrificing too much usability, given their view of the low risks to centralization to somewhat larger blocks.
Core tends to be more in favor of sacrificing short term usability for the long term vision. The other side puts more weight on now being an important time to solidify and extend Bitcoin's network effect, before other coins eat away too much of Bitcoin's advantage.
@_date: 2017-12-14 01:51:39
BCH supporters don't believe "using the exact rules that we used in the past" determines what the "real" Bitcoin is, so that argument doesn't really have any force against them. They've never had a problem with hard forks.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:05:41
The idea that nothing is worth doing unless it has significant long term consequences seems sketchy to me.
The short terms matters somewhat. Sure, we shouldn't sacrifice anything important for it, but for the past few months and maybe for the next year, people are going to be paying very high BTC fees and this is a real harm. If this harm could have been reduced via a slightly different approach to scaling that was still safe, then it's bad that that didn't happen. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:02:43
Nice post, but I think it's overly pessimistic about Bitcoin.


It's an unreliable store of value now because crypto is new and it's very uncertain which crypto will 'win.' Even if we somehow knew BTC would win, there's also a lot of uncertainty about what winning looks like. So all prices are dominated by expected prices far into the future, multiplied by some probability that the coin will reach that price. 
For example, Bitcoin's price of $17k might reflect a 10% chance that it will be worth $170k in some number of years. Any new development that changes that probability to 8% or 12% will wildly swing the price. 
In the future we'll more understand how cryptocurrencies work, how strong their network effects are, which features and use cases are important, etc. Some cryptos will also have come much closer to their saturation point. This will significantly reduce volatility.
In the long run if Bitcoin succeeds its price will grow roughly in line with gross world product, or total global wealth (depending on whether it gets used more as a currency replacement or gold replacement), which would make it a pretty good store of value.


Calling these things fundamentally unfixable is a huge overstatement.
Transaction fees: Higher layer solutions (like Lightning) plus some amount of on-chain scaling, plus sidechains with proofs of validity (not here yet but not impossible) can bring fees down a lot.
Energy usage: The problem now is that energy spent on mining is a function almost entirely of BTC price, not on how much security the network needs (although these things are loosely correlated). However in the future as the block subsidy becomes a smaller portion of the overall miner reward, security will depend on total transaction fees which will correlate more with how much security is actually needed.
Validation waits: This can be solved with things similar to BitGo Instant, and is also not an issue on Lightning. 
Wallet protection: This is rough right now, but I'm not sure why you think infrastructure built up around Bitcoin can't solve this. Your claim is that Bitcoin is fundamentally unable to address this, not just that it sucks now.
Exchange with existing infrastructure: Same comment as above. I see no reason why Bitcoin is somehow fundamentally unable to be exchanged well for traditional currency, whereas some other currency would somehow be better. Coinbase already offers a pretty decent service, and crypto-fiat conversion will only get smoother as the industry matures.
@_date: 2017-12-14 01:24:50


Both sides sincerely believe that their vision matches most closely to the original vision. Both sides think they're the "real" Bitcoin. To those on the other side, it's not a "sneaky trick" but instead a reclaiming of something that was being hijacked from them.
@_date: 2017-12-30 18:22:13
Here's Satoshi talking about mining pools on bitcointalk: 
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:33:52
This does make sense. I still think we should think about how on-chain solutions would work in the future, so that if segwit is fully adopted and it's still not enough we've already gone through the process of gaining consensus on the next phase.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:35:25
Read the link. All non-upgraded nodes would see empty blocks so there's no risk of them thinking they received a payment that they haven't, or sending a payment to the wrong chain.
@_date: 2015-12-11 08:54:09
It's not the end of the world, but it could have a significant negative effect if demand for transactions becomes so fierce that tx fees are $5 for example. 
Keeping tx fees that high would [have lots of very bad effects]( If fees did quickly rise to $5 there could theoretically be a hard fork in a few weeks, but unfortunately the core developers have refused to answer questions about how they'd make the blocksize / fee tradeoffs in hypothetical situations. 
Maybe if raising the block size to 4 MB would bring fees from $5 to $0.25 the core devs would do it, but maybe not. I can't tell from any statements they've made.
@_date: 2015-12-16 09:00:20


Very few people are arguing for no block size limit. BIP 101 is entirely consistent with having some block size limit to ensure transactions that are not worthwhile for the network don't get mined.
@_date: 2015-12-19 06:40:32
IMO if this is a fallback option just to get us out of the current risky flirtation with a "fee event", having no max block size will result in a lot less support. A lot of people on the small block size seem to dislike any solution involving unbounded growth, even if that growth is slow and linear. Having the growth in BIP 202 stop at 8MB won't have any practical consequences because it's overwhelmingly likely we'll do another block size related hard fork before 2023, but it calms people's fears about unbounded growth and makes it more likely that you'll get consensus.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:58:52
My proposal is the following:
An increase in the base block size to 2 MB, while retaining the 1/4 segwit discount. 
Instead of a hard fork, we should do a ["forced soft fork"]( This will ensure that no one accidentally ends up on the wrong chain without realizing it. 
Because forced soft forks are safer than hard forks, I suggest an activation date of July 1st 2018.
If Lightning is working by then and on-chain fees have fallen to under $1, I would support pausing the soft fork (but keeping it in our back pocket) until fees rise to a level that creates significant inconvenience for Lightning users.
This is not an attempt at a long term scaling solution. This is just one idea for how to relieve some short term pain in a safe way, and preserve as much of Bitcoin's network effect as we can without too much risk to decentralization. The net effect might be to simply reduce on-chain fees from $20 to $10, but this will still be a real benefit to users because layer 2 solutions like Lightning still require on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2015-12-11 06:04:20
How do you know this and how confident are you that it's true? 
It seems to me that demand for Bitcoin transactions might take off quickly for any number of reasons.
@_date: 2015-12-26 22:06:53
Look at the documentation at 
@_date: 2015-12-17 03:15:41
Btw, here is a clearer description of the effect that Charlie seems worried about:
Scenario 1: assume miners do not impose negative externalities on each other. Assume the value of the block reward + fees in each block is $100. Suppose there are 4 miners of equal hash power. Then they will each spend about $25 per block in an effort to win this $100. To get 50% of the hash power, an attacker needs to spend about $100 per block.
Scenario 2: Same $100 reward as above, but assume miners do create negative externalities when they include transactions. Suppose it costs every miner $20 just to process/store/relay all the blocks. Then each miner will be willing to spend $5 on hashing, for a total of $20 spent on hashing across all miners. This means an attacker can spend $40 ($20 to run a full node, and $20 on hashing) to get 50% of the total hash power.
Scenario 3: same as above except it costs every miner $24 to process/store/relay blocks. So each miner is willing to spend $1 on hashing, for only $4 of total hashing per block. Now an attacker can spend $28 to get 50% of hash power, and the attacker can get 80% of total hash power if he spends $40.
Essentially, negative externalities from including transactions increase the fixed cost of mining, giving advantages to larger miners, and encouraging miners to 'share' their validation of the blockchain. The effect Charlie describes is real, but we need to actually look at the costs involved to see if it's significant.
As I describe above, Charlie imagines each tx costing the network 50 cents, but my calculations suggest it's closer to 0.035 cents. If my calculations are more accurate, then a block with 2000 txns in it will cost the network $0.71 cents, compared to $11,250 in block rewards. The total network cost is then 0.006% of the block reward, far too low to create a significant effect like in the examples above. It does not make sense to handicap Bitcoin at this critical growth stage because we're worried about this 71 cents becoming few dollars.
@_date: 2015-12-16 11:09:40
I agree relay time is important, but Charlie was making a different argument that if miner A includes a tx, he imposes significant costs on all the other miners. The relay latency is a different type of cost, which doesn't have the form of an 'externality'.
@_date: 2015-12-11 22:14:49


No, I am saying higher fees mean usage is lower than it would otherwise be, and this lost usage is something that could have had compounding positive effects. I described a lot of this under 'Fees' and 'Growth' at [the wiki](
@_date: 2015-12-16 11:07:35
We're calculating the costs that a miner imposes on other nodes on the network whenever he includes a transaction in a block. The cost of electricity for hashing is only shouldered by the individual miner.
It's true that having to process and store a transaction does use some electricity, but I think the costs of this electricity are negligible. If someone wants to calculate that it'd be interesting though.
@_date: 2015-12-04 22:17:57
The "information super highway" was actually a term used to refer to something more similar to a private blockchain. It was the private version of the Internet as envisioned by the telcom/entertainment/media industry, where the network is entirely owned by these private companies and users are just consuming content from them. 
Just like with Bitcoin, these companies didn't understand the value of permissionless innovation, and they were surprised when the Web/Internet eclipsed the "information superhighway."
This is described very well at 32:20 on [this episode of The Internet History Podcast](
@_date: 2015-12-12 07:45:54
The argument is that allowing fees to stay at $5 for any significant amount of time significantly reduces Bitcoin's chances of achieving long term value, for the reasons described in the wiki.
@_date: 2015-12-16 12:05:25
I'm saying that electrical costs which are **externalities** are negligible. This is the electric costs you impose on the rest of the network as a miner, when you mine a tx and other miners have to spend electricity to validate, relay, and store it. The electricity costs for hashing are not relevant to the argument you made in your Medium essay, because they don't depend on the block size.


Of course, but the argument by BIP 101 advocates is that lots of users each paying a small amount in tx fees is more likely to create sustainable security than few users paying high tx fees. See the wiki links in my post above for details.
Basically, you haven't demonstrated that a larger castle actually requires more soldiers (and/or more taxes).
@_date: 2015-12-22 10:04:11
I don't think Jeff has adequately described the risk from keeping block size small. He focuses too much on the difference between absence of a fee market and a fee market with very low fees, and not enough on the risk of high fees.
The biggest reason why being close to the block size limit is bad is that it means we're at risk of a [large increase in fees]( if demand increases, and a large increase in fees right now would be extremely bad for [lots]( of [reasons](
I don't see those arguing against a bump to 2 MB engaging with the arguments linked above. A lot of them still make [flawed]( arguments like "we need a fee market for long term security eventually, so let's create one and raise fees in the process right now."
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:07:48
I'm curious what the cost was of running a full node in 2009, 2010, 2011, etc. 
If computer capabilities have been increasing exponentially, then would running a full node with 20 MB blocks today be cheaper than it was to run a full node with 1 MB blocks in 2010?
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:02:03


I agree. It is only a challenge to Bitcoin if the new ccy is lower fee all else being equal. There is some benefit to having a single currency, so I'm predicting that in practice it'll be a low fee sidechain that serves that niche if it can't be served by Lightning or off-chain services.


From Gavin's appearance on Let's Talk Bitcoin, it sounds like the reason he wants to do it soon is that lots of people take a super long time to upgrade. If he's right about that, then making the change now (to take effect in a year) would probably result in the smallest disruption. 
@_date: 2015-12-12 01:56:45
It'd be above current levels because all blocks would be full, but I disagree that this situation isn't something to fear. A huge missed opportunity is extremely bad. 
If I tell you I'm going to throw you a pen tomorrow and if you catch it you'll get a billion dollars but if you drop it you'll only get $10, and if you can do things now which make you catching it tomorrow more likely, then you should care a lot about whether you do those things. It would be irrational to say "hey if I drop the pen I'm still $10 richer, so I have nothing to fear when it comes to dropping or catching it."
@_date: 2015-06-25 06:38:03
Depends on your definition. There's a big difference between Bitcoin XT and Litecoin. 
Suppose all the core developers and 99.999% of hashpower wanted to hard fork to a 2 MB max blocksize, but two people wanted to keep 1 MB. Imagine the hardfork occurred, and everyone started using the new network except these two people. Would the hardforked code be an alt-coin in that case? 
@_date: 2015-06-25 08:17:56
It's not the main motivation behind sidechains, but it seems like as you add sidechains you're also adding more tx/sec capacity, provided the ratio of txns within the sidechain to txns between sidechains is high enough.
Also, imagine there was some sidechain with 100MB blocks. This doesn't improve the scaling of the Bitcoin + sidechain system as a whole, since the same centralization pressures that would apply to 100MB Bitcoin blocks would also apply to the sidechain. However this would at least allow people who valued decentralization to keep their coins on the Bitcoin blockchain where presumably more full nodes would be validating things.
Something like Lightning is a much better way to scale, but it seems like sidechains could help with scaling in a hacky way.
@_date: 2015-06-04 03:54:01
One idea is for the miners to pay the penalty to a provably unspendable output. This has the effect of benefiting all Bitcoin holders instead of just future miners. On the other hand, I'm a bit worried that the incentive to mine will be too low in the future when block rewards decrease, so maybe any additional incentive we can give miners should be taken advantage of.
@_date: 2015-06-24 08:14:05
Agree. The requirement for 100% consensus gives everyone veto power and would paralyze the system. I think the people who hang out in  would prefer that the block size stay 1 MB forever. Suppose they have 0.1% of hashing power -- then we'd never increase the block size.
Suppose next year 95% of hash power wanted a hard fork required for sidechains but 5% were holding out because they thought hard forks in general set a bad precedent. I have a very hard time believing the sidechains devs would be against a hard fork in that case. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:07:48
I'm curious what the cost was of running a full node in 2009, 2010, 2011, etc. 
If computer capabilities have been increasing exponentially, then would running a full node with 20 MB blocks today be cheaper than it was to run a full node with 1 MB blocks in 2010?
@_date: 2015-06-09 08:56:27


The other 0.05 will be redeemed by whoever got some new sidechain coins due to the side-chain inflation. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 06:52:18


Don't sidechains only benefit from larger blocks up to a point? My understanding is that moving coins to a sidechain and back will require transactions that are very large, and therefore 1 MB is too small. However if the block size is too large, it will reduce the incentive to move some transactions to sidechains.
I have a lot of trust in motivations, but I still think it's legitimate to say that Blockstream devs have a conflict of interest (if I'm right about the technical stuff above).  
Just because Blockstream devs held the same position on blocksizes before they founded Blockstream, the issue doesn't completely disappear. Their conflict of interest could still influence how much they care about the issue and therefore how willing they are to compromise. Having a conflict of interest doesn't mean the Blockstream devs are corrupt. It's a statement solely about the incentives they currently face.
@_date: 2015-06-24 07:23:29


I like this argument, but I think your "if and only if" is too strong. It might be that if all current Bitcoin users continue using the same currency, then the people who care less about decentralization provide cover for those who care more about it. If the network splits into BitcoinCentralized and BitcoinDecentralized, then users of BitcoinDecentralized might be politically weak, and governments may have a much easier time ruling that BitcoinDecentralized is illegal because it's only for criminals.
I agree that in the absence of regulation, if some fork has some useful property it will continue to have value.
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:02:47


Dogecoin's low fees comes from a combination of lower security and perhaps (I don't recall their block reward scheme) more inflation. So I don't think Dogecoin offers any advantages over Bitcoin. If the Dogecoin developers somehow figured out a way to achieve lower fees given the same level of security, same level of centralization risk, and without higher inflation (or any other compromises that I'm not listing), then I'd hope the Bitcoin developers would adopt whatever breakthrough the Dogecoin devs discovered.


Yeah, not trying to convince anyone by stating my intuition. Just using it as a hypothetical for my main point about under what conditions a ccy could overtake Bitcoin.


OK, this was my main point, so it sounds like we're in agreement now that a low fee ccy could take over. 
I don't want to have a standard "should we increase the blocksize" debate here. I think "no, let's wait" is a reasonable position. It seems like a lot of the people on team Gavin believe that it's important to act far ahead of time (Gavin keeps saying this). Apparently the other devs disagree with this and think they could act pretty fast if anything went wrong (See Greg Maxwell's post here:  If that is true, then I'm much more amenable to waiting, and I think "let's wait" advocates should hammer on that point more.
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:02:03


I agree. It is only a challenge to Bitcoin if the new ccy is lower fee all else being equal. There is some benefit to having a single currency, so I'm predicting that in practice it'll be a low fee sidechain that serves that niche if it can't be served by Lightning or off-chain services.


From Gavin's appearance on Let's Talk Bitcoin, it sounds like the reason he wants to do it soon is that lots of people take a super long time to upgrade. If he's right about that, then making the change now (to take effect in a year) would probably result in the smallest disruption. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:02:47


Dogecoin's low fees comes from a combination of lower security and perhaps (I don't recall their block reward scheme) more inflation. So I don't think Dogecoin offers any advantages over Bitcoin. If the Dogecoin developers somehow figured out a way to achieve lower fees given the same level of security, same level of centralization risk, and without higher inflation (or any other compromises that I'm not listing), then I'd hope the Bitcoin developers would adopt whatever breakthrough the Dogecoin devs discovered.


Yeah, not trying to convince anyone by stating my intuition. Just using it as a hypothetical for my main point about under what conditions a ccy could overtake Bitcoin.


OK, this was my main point, so it sounds like we're in agreement now that a low fee ccy could take over. 
I don't want to have a standard "should we increase the blocksize" debate here. I think "no, let's wait" is a reasonable position. It seems like a lot of the people on team Gavin believe that it's important to act far ahead of time (Gavin keeps saying this). Apparently the other devs disagree with this and think they could act pretty fast if anything went wrong (See Greg Maxwell's post here:  If that is true, then I'm much more amenable to waiting, and I think "let's wait" advocates should hammer on that point more.
@_date: 2015-12-16 08:44:56
A huge flaw in Charlie's analysis is a massive overweighting of the costs to the network of handling a transaction.
The thrust of Charlie's argument is that large blocks will lead to larger costs on the network, which will make mining less profitable and cause some miners to drop out, which will result in less security overall.


It looks like Charlie pulled these numbers from thin air. I actually calculated per tx storage costs (both hard drive and RAM) on the [Bitcoin Debates wiki]( The result is that storing one extra tx in both RAM and on disk cost the entire network 0.035 cents (if we assume 5000 nodes like Charlie does). So every 28 transactions costs the entire network one penny to store. Charlie's estimate is **1428 times** higher than mine. If my calculations are correct, then Charlie's insistence that we keep the block size small seems based on his over-weighting the costs of large blocks by over 1000x.
My calculation considers only disk and RAM storage costs not the verification and relay costs. I doubt those costs would bring my estimate up much more. CPU time is extremely cheap. Bandwidth is the most expensive resource being considered here, but marginal cost of relaying a tx can still be low because of unlimited bandwidth plans. 
If someone wants to make the argument Charlie is making, that the external network costs are so high that it's worth making the network more difficult and expensive to use in its infancy, they should make some effort to justify their numbers.


BIP 101 does have a supply constraint. I don't know of many people (other than Peter R.) arguing that we shouldn't have a supply constraint.


Charlie is focusing on the cost of increasing the blocksize without appreciating how small this cost is, and how much benefit is lost by not increasing it.
There is a strong argument that increasing the blocksize is actually the best way to ensure Bitcoin's long term security, for several reasons:
Until block rewards run out, having a higher exchange rate results in a more secure network. Having more usage results in a higher exchange rate.
Security is [more sustainable]( with lots of users paying low fees, vs. few users paying high fees.
[Bitcoin's security depends on its usage winning a race against its reward halving schedule](
There are many other reasons why keeping fees extremely low during Bitcoin's early period is good for Bitcoin. Check them out [at the Bitcoin Debates wiki](
@_date: 2015-12-20 23:07:23
There is an adoption/decentralization tradeoff, but 1 MB --&gt; 2 MB (or 4 MB) is very unlikely to significantly increase centralization risk, but it could significantly help adoption if 1 MB blocks start getting consistently full.
@_date: 2015-12-26 04:22:40
A decentralized prediction market. See truthcoin/hivemind.
@_date: 2015-12-22 20:23:43


I find it surprising that you'd say that, because it seems clear to me that many of them are very time dependent.
For instance, the impact on users would be very different if $5 fees arose next month, vs. after you deployed Lightning. The impact would be very different after sidechains were available allowing users to make an explicit security/fee tradeoff. If we can make it to the post-Lightning era without high fees, users may never have to experience them.
Note that if the exchange rate keeps pace with the reward halving schedule, we may not need transaction fees for security for ~20 years. It seems like many devs are content to incur a huge cost now on the assumption that there will be no new solutions over the next 20 years.
If we have enough users in the future, then we may be able to get adequate security via each user paying fees as low or lower than fees are today, even with out technological innovations (other than storage/bandwidth/etc becoming cheaper at the current pace). Again this could result in a trajectory where users never experience high fees, yet Bitcoin becomes sustainable with high security. 
Now consider that high fees and friction in its early stages may actually prevent Bitcoin from getting the kind of adoption it would have otherwise gotten, and therefore prevent Bitcoin from being sustainable with low fees. Because money has network effects, Bitcoin may never take off if we add friction in its early stages which stays there indefinitely. This is similar to how Facebook may have never become dominant if it tried too hard to monetize in its early days.
The "Fewer users makes Bitcoin is more vulnerable to regulation" argument is very time sensitive. Regulators are somewhat caught off guard by Bitcoin and still trying to understand it. The faster we get wider adoption, the better chance we stand to resist their attempts to regulate.
How are the above arguments not time dependent?
@_date: 2015-12-24 05:56:28


We need to distinguish between a situation where fees need to be X to secure the network, and a situation where fees are at X because demand for block space is high compared to block space. Fee spikes from the second reason don't imply that we'll ever need fees to be that high for the first reason.


Yes, but we need to think in degrees. Money having network effects and payment networks having network effects implies that individuals will be more likely to stop using Bitcoin at a given fee level when the network is smaller (earlier in its history). When a network is more useful, people are willing to pay higher fees to use it. 
Note that parallel to someone advising a young Mark Zuckerberg: "Mark, ads will reduce the userbase regardless of the size of the userbase -- we might as well try to monetize before we've expanded beyond Harvard."


I agree that it's important to convey to people that fees might rise in the future so that they're not mislead.


Yes -- there will always be benefits to lower fees, and there will always be costs to raising the block size. The key is to trade them off appropriately as suggested by Dryja and Poon's "bathtub" model. My argument is that many core developers are failing to appreciate the severity of the costs of high fees, and thus not making an appropriate tradeoff. There also seems to be a sense that however high fees get due to block size constraints, we'll probably need fees at least that high for security someday.
It doesn't help that getting developers on either side to discuss things in concrete quantitative terms is like pulling teeth. I've asked many devs things like "if bumping the block size from 1 MB to 4 MB would keep fees at 10 cents/tx whereas leaving it at 1 MB would lead to $1/tx fees for the next year, do you think it'd be worth it?" No one on either side has been willing to discuss such hypotheticals. 


Btw, do you still believe 30% is a more accurate growth rate as you wrote in [this post]( 


I'm not sure that's true. First, it's not clear whether the $1,600,000 per day currently being spent on security is too much or not enough given the state of Bitcoin. Second, the necessary security seems more related to the daily value of transactions being processed as opposed to the total market cap (extreme example: Bitcoin is mainly used as digital gold and the market cap is 1000x higher than it is now, but the USD value of Bitcoins transacted per day is the same as it is now. Do we need 1.6 billion dollars in security per day to protect this network?). Third, It's not clear how linear either of these relationships are.
I do take your point that a more mature network will need more security, but it's not clear that lots of users paying low fees couldn't sustain much higher security than we have now. Suppose fees are 20 cents/tx. At the current limit of ~3/tx per sec, that's ~$50k per day in security. If we eventually get to 3000 tx/sec (far in the future), that's $50 million per day in security. Maybe that won't be enough, maybe it'll be too much. Are we so confident that it wouldn't be enough and that 3000 tx/sex is so unlikely that we should be nonchalant about forcing users to get used to higher fees right now?
Anyway, I do appreciate your habit of digging into the data to figure out these decisions.
I'll throw out one more cause for uncertainty about whether fees will be high in the future: there is some chance that Bitcoin will be a largely altruism supported network in the future. Companies might support the network for positive PR like they current support the Red Cross, universities might support it, lots of individual enthusiasts might spend $50/year supporting it, etc.  I personally think the chance of this being the long term Bitcoin security model is about 25%. In this particular case, it is especially counterproductive to try to force high fees on users now.
@_date: 2014-11-14 20:03:24
I'm not going to be awake for your AMA so I'll ask here:
In an early version of the Ethereum whitepaper ( Vitalik says the reason he created a new blockchain instead of doing something like Mastercoin/Counterparty was because things like Counterparty can't do SPV verification. Meaning that basically you won't be able to have a well functioning light client (more details at the link I gave). Do you think this is/was a valid concern? Have you guys found a workaround?
Is all of the data associated with Ethereum contracts going to be stored in the Bitcoin blockchain? Or will the Bitcoin blockchain only contain pointers to things hosted elsewhere. If the later, how will this data be stored?
@_date: 2014-10-20 08:42:44


Side-chains can have a different monetary policy, effectively solving this problem.
@_date: 2014-11-12 22:44:28
Vitalik's obsession with proof of stake makes more sense now. Pretty much all the smart people in the cryptocurrency space (including all of the Bitcoin core devs that I've seen comment about this) think that PoS is fundamentally broken (see  
Vitalik (the main guy behind Ethereum) is one of the smartest guys working on this stuff, but strangely has been stubbornly attached to the idea of trying to come up with some way to fix PoS.
My tentative theory is that Vitalik realizes that fixing PoS is the best chance that the Ethereum guys have of Ethereum becoming the world's default blockchain, because as long as PoW is the best solution available, there is too much incentive to build everything on Bitcoin's blockchain, as seen with what Counterparty has done here. 
@_date: 2014-11-16 19:44:50
The relatively low price of Bitcoin is due partly to uncertainty over whether Bitcoin will be the dominant cryptocurrency in the future. Coinbase is poised to be a leading cryptocurrency service provider regardless of which cryptocurrency wins, so that is one big risk that doesn't have to be factored into the Coinbase price.
@_date: 2014-10-17 07:28:15
Ah, that makes sense.
@_date: 2014-04-12 20:42:17
I think there are some altcoin features that side-chains can not be used for. For instance, anything to do with the money supply. How would you use side-chains to replicate an alt coin that had a forever increasing coin supply, like a constant 2% increase in supply per year? 
@_date: 2014-11-13 20:05:06
I'm sure you're familiar with the argument that money spent on PoW is paying for network security and is therefore not "useless." It could only be considered useless if there was another way to get adequate network security that was much cheaper. Sounds like you think OT is a good enough replacement for something like Bitcoin that the extra utility of Bitcoin isn't worth the cost though. I'll look into OT.
I've recently been thinking about whether a mining cartel in Bitcoin could solve this problem. The basic idea is: any cartel with at least 51% of the hash rate could decide to only build on cartel blocks. So basically with 51% of hashrate they can get 100% of mining rewards. So their profitability is a lot higher than if they didn't form a cartel.  Maybe the cartel would maintain 60% of the hashrate to be safe.
People not in the cartel would realize that they either need to somehow join the cartel, or stop mining, since they get 0% of rewards outside of the cartel. The cartel has no incentive to let more people in, unless it thinks its proportion of the overall hash power is getting too low, though. So many miners now have no way of making any money.
It's in the cartel's interest to keep the Bitcoin community relatively happy, because they could always fork to a different PoW or switch to another currency to thwart the cartel if they wanted.
So eventually the cartel is doing almost all of the hashing, because non-cartel people who aren't allowed into the cartel just turn off their miners. This means the cartel can turn down their hash rate to save money, because they know no one will threaten them. 
They can turn it down to an extremely low level, because anyone thinking of challenging the cartel would know that the cartel could easily turn up its hashing power and overtake them if they challenged it. Also, even at a low level merchants will be safe because they'll know to only trust blocks from the cartel.
So now we're in a situation where network security doesn't cost much, people are putting some trust in the cartel, but competition from other currencies and/or the ability to destroy the cartel with a fork will make the cartel want to provide reasonable service and not allow double-spends.
It should be possible for cartel participants to be anonymous, so they won't be targets for governments wanting to control Bitcoin, no?
Anyway I'm curious whether you think the above situation is plausible, and how you think it compares to a situation where we use the OT model instead of any blockchain. Which do you think would be better from a user's POV?
Aside: do you think the idea of a "resource based economy" makes sense? 
@_date: 2018-05-04 07:16:16
\&gt;Does anyone know of a site that does this?
[ Look on the right for the option to add the column "Price if BTC\-Normalized Supply". I prefer the one that normalizes supply to the year 2050.
@_date: 2014-10-16 18:20:25


Can you point me to an elaboration of how exactly this sort of embedded consensus system would work? Very curious because I had been thinking that an inflating side-chain was Bitcoin's best hope for not being out-competed by an alt-coin with a different inflation schedule.
@_date: 2014-07-19 21:24:40
That's the standard reply, but lots of smart people have concerns about it. Read the post I linked to earlier. The author understands the point you just made.
The short answer is that no matter how cheap fees are in Bitcoin, the cryptocurrency with a block reward can have cheaper fees. People won't care if fees are 0.01 pennies vs. 0.02 pennies per transaction, but it would matter for 10 cents vs. 20 cents per transaction. Even 1 cent vs. 2 cents might enough where people start caring. It's far from certain that transaction volume will be high enough to push fees to such low levels that people don't care about a doubling in fees.
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:55:04
Really dumb idea. There's no problem this solves, and no reason why everyone running a full Bitcoin node needs to store your genome on their harddrive. Just buy a couple USB drives, put your genome on those, upload it to Dropbox and maybe another cloud storage provider, and the chances of you losing the data are miniscule.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:59:37
I think any club or organization runs that risk. It's the nature of being a group that doesn't have an automatic open door policy to everyone. IMO as long as the decisions are transparent, they'll end up roughly reflecting the consensus of the Foundation members.
I agree accusing someone of being a scammer without a thorough investigation can be harmful. The foundation doesn't have to use inflammatory language. The official communications of the Foundation can be worded like "We have some questions about this company's business which need to be addressed before their application can be accepted." If the committee does make a mistake, they should always be open to appeal if the company wants to present any info to show that they're legit. 
@_date: 2014-11-16 19:38:10
Step 1: Have a clear written policy on what criteria a corporate member must meet. 
Step 2: Form some sort of 'corporate admissions committee.' This could just be the board of directors, or a separate group with some overlap with at least one board members.
Step 3: Before any corporate member is admitted, have a waiting period of at least a couple weeks where you post in the Foundation message board asking for commentary.
Step 4: Potentially ask the company for more info, if people have concerns about anything.
Step 5: At the end of the waiting period, review any objections/evidence in the thread and anything that the admissions committee is able to discover via Internet research. Vote on admission. As others have said, this isn't a criminal case, it's just a private group deciding who to associate with, so it doesn't need to be super rigorous or involve that much time. 
Step 6: If you ever reject anyone, make the decision and reasons why visible to all Foundation members. 
It's possible that the committee will start making arbitrary decisions, but the fact that everything would be transparent would mean they are accountable to the community.
It'd be important to make it clear that this process doesn't mean the Foundation is vouching for any company, just that it didn't find evidence that it was obviously illegitimate. 
If the above is too much overhead, a lighter version would just be to create a written policy, and then have the board of directors take action after the fact based on that written policy if you get complaints about any member company. 
@_date: 2014-07-19 20:35:11
A lot of people who know a lot about Bitcoin think the hard cap could be a problem. Not because of deflation, but because cryptocurrencies with low transaction costs will have an edge over ones with higher transaction costs. When Bitcoin mining rewards run out, it's not clear that Bitcoin will be able to survive competition from cryptocurrencies that still use mining rewards to lower transaction costs.
More info: 
@_date: 2014-10-24 22:21:50
There are a few strange statements about demurrage in the sidechains whitepaper. 


This uniformness and instantness would also be true of an inflating coin, no?


How would inflation result in a different effect on reducing the impact of this than demurrage?
I believe the effect of demurrage as implemented in Freicoin is exactly the same as if a coin were inflating a constant rate of 5% per year. The relevant thing about the value of your coins is how much of the total supply you control at any point, and it seems demurrage and inflation are identical in this respect. Am I missing something?
@_date: 2014-11-19 07:39:07


OK, but I'm not worried about their being two competing forks forever -- I'm worried about the attacking fork winning. 
I thought the whole purpose of the large amount of idle hashpower  (a.k.a. the elastic mining supply) that suddenly comes online during an attack is that they will have a reason to pick the non-attacking fork to work off of. But the new hashpower will profit just as much if they mine on the attacking fork, no? So why would they pick the non-attacking fork? Is the argument just that everyone will expect everyone else to pick the non-attacking fork, so that's the one everyone will pick? How do they even know which fork is the attacking one when they come online? Ask Coinbase and Bitpay and a bunch of other trusted 3rd parties? 
I brought the idea of an ESS up in  and Gavin said that he actually liked the ESS idea a lot, so I think I'm missing something.
@_date: 2014-11-17 18:44:21
In an early version of the Ethereum whitepaper ( Vitalik says the reason he created a new blockchain instead of doing something like Mastercoin/Counterparty was because things like Counterparty can't do SPV verification. Meaning that basically you won't be able to have a well functioning light client (more details at the link I gave). Do you think this is/was a valid concern? Have you guys found a workaround?
Is all of the data associated with Ethereum contracts going to be stored in the Bitcoin blockchain? Or will the Bitcoin blockchain only contain pointers to things hosted elsewhere. If the later, how will this data be stored?
@_date: 2014-10-21 20:44:29
Right -- it doesn't solve the problem of lots of bitcoins being owned by a small # of early adopters. While some people might think this is unfair, I don't think it significantly affects the usefulness of the currency. I think the question of whether transaction fees will be enough to secure the network in the future actually impacts whether the currency is useful though, and that is the problem that side-chains can solve.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:06:54
Yeah I am also not happy with the cartel situation, but it just seems like miners have a strong incentive to move to that model.
The solution you propose is clever, but I'm not convinced that it would work. Specifically, since your subjective scoring rule is subjective, if the miners who join in decide to mine on the attacking fork, wouldn't they view the non-attacking fork as the one needing to be penalized? Unlike with the "longest chain" rule, there's no objective truth about which fork should receive the penalty. Are you just relying on some sort of Schelling effect where miners coordinate through cultural expectations on which fork should win?
I do think that ASICs are inevitable no matter which PoW method you start with (similar to PoW/PoS, you seem to be the only smart person I know of who considers ASICs a problem worth worrying about). So that calls into question whether a situation with elastic enough mining supply is realistic.
Btw, Paul Sztorc (of Truthcoin) has an interesting new blog post attempting to show that PoS fundamentally can't solve the problem of wasted resources, because for any reward that is available to people, they will always be willing to spend nearly the amount of the reward trying to get the reward. If it's not via hashing, then it's via other means.  
@_date: 2014-04-24 06:31:00
I think you're right that there's a way to do this. It's probably somewhat tricky though, because there's not a very accurate measure of time on the bitcoin network, so you'd have to figure out how to make it impossible for people to abuse this fuzzy notion of time.
@_date: 2014-09-27 02:12:58
Most consumers don't have any compelling reason to use Bitcoin to buy things. 
When I use my credit card, I get 2% cash back, so that's an implicit 2% discount. When I use Bitcoin I have to pay coinbase 1% or so. So I'm losing 3% whenever I pay with Bitcoin vs. my credit card. 
Most people also don't like volatility for the currency they use for day to day expenses. If I get paid the first of every month and I convert part of my paycheck into Bitcoin to buy things for that month, there's a real risk that in the middle of the month I might have 20% less than I expected, due to volatility. Of course I could also have more, but most people don't want to gamble with their checking account.
I don't think the chargeback issue is a huge deal. Only very rarely do I buy from someone who I don't trust. Mostly it's big firms like Amazon, or restaurants. 
So the question is: how big of a discount would I need to get when using Bitcoin to make it worth the volatility risk and the hassle? For me, I'd say at a 5% discount I'd pay with Bitcoin whenever I could. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 22:06:53


Like Noosterdam above, I think this is the weak point of your post.
The value of a cryptocurrency (ccy) fundamentally depends on how useful it is (see the equation of exchange), , and there are reasons to expect there to be one dominant ccy. 
People argue that Bitcoin already has a huge lead, so even with high tx fees that lead will be maintained. This overlooks that there is a clear path for a more useful (lower fee) ccy to take over if Bitcoin's fees are unnecessarily high. 
Suppose that Bitcoin's fees rise to $5 / transaction, then Bitcoin2 comes out with lower fees. Initially hardly anyone uses Bitcoin2 so the security is really low, but people who want to make very low value transactions on-chain are willing to take the security risk for transfers of a few cents. Bitcoin2 then starts to get more usage --&gt; more security --&gt; it becomes attractive to people doing slightly higher value transactions --&gt; more usage --&gt; more security, etc.
In this way, once Bitcoin2 gets a foothold with low value transactions, it could climb to becoming dominant for higher and higher value transactions until it's security is on par with Bitcoin's, at which point no one who does transactions would have any reason to use Bitcoin vs. Bitcoin2.
@_date: 2014-10-25 20:28:35
I believe two types of information propagation are being lumped together here: (1) knowledge about the future value of a currency unit, and (2) implementation of this knowledge by repricing goods. 
For USD, you could argue that type 1 information is slow to propagate, but in a cryptocurrency with a fixed inflation of 5%, this information would be just as instantaneous and uniformly known as with demurrage. With InflationCoin, the miner who gets a mining reward won't be thinking "Oh no, I better spend my mining reward quickly before the rest of the InflationCoin economy realizes their coins are worth less." Everyone knows that coin supply is always increasing at a constant, predictable rate and they will behave accordingly.
As you mention the thing that isn't instantaneous with inflation is price adjustment. Because there is some overhead to changing prices to keep up with inflation, price changes take discrete steps. A store doesn't increase the prices of their goods by minuscule amounts per day because the repricing cost outweighs the benefits. This leads to some inefficiency. 
It seems that aside from any differences in implementation complexity, a reduction in repricing overhead is the only real difference between a cryptocurrency using demurrage vs. one using fixed inflation. (Things would still need to be repriced with demurrage as supply/demand for the currency changed.) 
Btw, I do think demurrage on a sidechain may save Bitcoin from users not wanting to pay for network security entirely through transaction fees in the future. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 10:54:05
As someone who has followed the issue mostly on reddit, I haven't seen any talk from the cypherpunks about under what circumstances they would want to raise the block limit. The worry I've had is that they'd stick to their conservatism even when the 1 MB limit was clearly constraining Bitcoin adoption, and when raising it would increase the risk of centralization by only a minuscule amount. 
If the devs who oppose Gavin's increase would come out and say "I would support a blocksize increase to X, to be done via process P, if events A, B, or C occurred." I think it would do a lot to calm the members of the Bitcoin community who are currently on team Gavin.
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:06:06
I never said they 'need to.' Them doing so would increase support for a HF though.
@_date: 2017-02-15 16:52:12
I never claimed Core could force either a soft of hard fork. I was replying to the sentiment that Core not being able to force X means they shouldn't release code that does X.
@_date: 2017-02-15 03:50:31
Yep, just like that. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 23:37:46


I think decentralization is the main benefit of Bitcoin, but low fees make one ccy better than another, all else being equal. I'm not suggesting that we should make Bitcoin a centralized system in exchange for getting low fees. 


Right. I'm imagining Bitcoin2 to be exactly like Bitcoin, except that it has larger blocks. So it would just pick a different point on the centralization / low fee spectrum. (I guess I should have called Bitcoin2 Bitcoin Xt instead). My intuition is that 20MB blocks will not significantly centralize Bitcoin. Assume that it has no effect on centralization. My main point with my earlier post is that Bitcoin2 / Bitcoin Xt has a good shot at taking over in that case even if it starts with a totally new blockchain and with very little mining support. 
The "if fees are high, that means Bitcoin is valuable, so we shouldn't worry" argument fails because it ignores how a low fee ccy that isn't significantly different in centralization risk could slowly take over once it gets a foothold. Of course if all low fee ccys were significantly more centralized, then Bitcoin would never completely be taken over.


Agree it's not a crisis. 


If the centralization risk of 20 MB is miniscule, but fees drop by 10x, then although there is technically a tradeoff, Bitcoin might in practice offer no significant value over Bitcoin Xt. On some points on the spectrum, moving a little bit to one side may trade off a negligible amount of one value for a huge amount of the other. In this case, a competing ccy that picks a different value on the spectrum can just replace another ccy completely.
I mostly agree with that second article of yours, but as I describe above I don't think it speaks to the fundamental nature of the tradeoff. Yes, if fees rise than many low value transactions will be pushed off the blockchain, and we'd be able to live with it if we had to, but lower fees would still be nice if we could get them without giving up anything significant. 
To put it another way, why don't we reduce the blocksize so that Bitcoin can only handle one tx per minute? That would provide stronger protection against centralization. People who don't want to pay fees high enough to make it into the new smaller blocks can just use off-chain solutions. The correct objection is that we'd be sacrificing a large amount of usability for a trivial increase in centralization protection. 
@_date: 2017-02-16 01:19:09
Maybe it has something to do with the particular code that Core released. 
@_date: 2016-03-06 22:24:30
The first part of your post about the rift is really good. 
One reason why large block supporters should not switch to Ethereum is because Satoshi explicitly described a Bitcoin future with large blocks where regular users didn't run full nodes. People flocked to Bitcoin based partly on the vision Satoshi laid out, with Bitcoin primarily serving as electronic cash. A group of people then decided "wait, we think Bitcoin won't be decentralized enough if we follow that vision, so let's pursue a vision where electronic cash is not the main focus." Those seeking to change the vision should not be the ones to inherit the mindshare that Bitcoin has built up.
Even if you don't buy the argument that the big blockers are closer to Satoshi's original vision, there's an argument that the smaller of the groups should make the largest change to their fork (changing their name at least). If the big block coin is going to be the one appealing to the general public, and the small block one is going to be the one favored by a small niche of cypherpunks, then it will cause less overall confusion for the larger fork to retain the Bitcoin brand and balances.
I think that both forks should preserve the chain before the fork, as setting the expectation that that's how forks happen will give people more confidence to invest, knowing their coins will be good on both sides of any future fork.
@_date: 2017-02-28 04:06:40
Did they disable the 'buy' option for you already? It sounds like you have 30 days left to make that purchase then withdraw it.
@_date: 2016-03-04 23:24:43
I am sympathetic to Brian's argument but I agree that the statement you quoted is too extreme. Core is extremely competent and they are motivated to do what they think is best for their vision of Bitcoin. That vision is just different than the vision of many large block supporters.
@_date: 2016-01-29 11:06:21
Fun fact: I found 15 of those 25 people, or 60%, had signed Core's scaling roadmap.
It would be interesting to see how many of those 15 would prefer a hard fork before segwit. I interpret signatures on the scaling roadmap as "I give my approval to this plan", not "this is my favorite plan."
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:08:40
Steady 2-3% inflation is only a major problem if you keep large amounts of your money in cash for long periods. You can avoid almost all of this effect by keeping your money in either stocks, real estate, bonds, some other durable commodity, etc. 
@_date: 2016-03-10 10:02:39
Right. What matters is the cost of hashing on each PoW. 
If you assume Ethereum miners get 5 ETH every 20 seconds, then mining rewards to ETH miners should be about 1/6 of rewards to Bitcoin miners (ignoring fees).
$414 * 25 * 6 = $62,100 worth of Bitcoins per hour
$11.95 * 5 * 180 = $10,755 worth of ETH per hour
@_date: 2016-03-17 05:48:32
Hi Greg -- can you describe the specific attack that Gavin's code would allow?
I haven't read his code, but my understanding is that it won't result in lite clients being told a tx has one confirmation when the block it's in is invalid. 
Let's imagine you have a full node running Gavin's patch, and I run a lite client connecting to your node. An invalid block is mined containing a tx to me. The miner sends that block's header to you and you start mining an empty block on that header, after only verifying the PoW. I ask you whether my tx has a confirmation. You tell me no (or "I don't know"). So I wait until you or another node I'm connected to actually gets the block.
It seems like this doesn't increase my risk of having my tx in a 1-confirmation block that gets orphaned, because it doesn't cause anyone who would previously tell me my tx was unconfirmed to now start telling me it was confirmed.
It does bring up the issue of: what will your full node tell me after the time that you receive the block but before you verify it? But Gavin's patch doesn't seem to change that behavior from the status quo (or if it does, it could be modified not to).
Am I missing something here?
@_date: 2016-03-17 02:02:29
You'll only get other miners to waste 30 seconds of their effort. If you produce a valid block, then let's say you have a 95% chance of having the network accept it. If instead you choose to waste everyone else's time, then the value of that 30 seconds to you can't be higher than 1/20th of a block reward (30 seconds divided by 10 min). The value of that 30 seconds gets lower the lower your hash power is. It doesn't look like there's a profitable attack there. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:34:55
Discussion only works if the economic super-majority is coordinated enough to issue statements and if they have some method of proving that they are the economic super-majority. Those options aren't easily available to them. The only simple way for them to express their preference is their behavior after a hard fork.
@_date: 2016-01-13 23:54:38
No one is arguing for growth at any cost. Those supporting a hard fork to 2 MB think the benefit is worth the minimal risk to decentralization. 


There are two general ways to get high security in the future: a small # of users paying high fees, or lots of users paying low fees. There are a couple reasons why we should prefer the later case [here]( 


I'll ask my favorite block size question:  "if you had to choose between fees being $0.05 for the next two years and the block size being X, vs. fees being $1.00 for the next two years and the block size staying at 1 MB, what is the largest value of X at which you would be in favor of forking to block size X?"
@_date: 2016-03-09 04:35:43


It's centralized because the decisions of the team makes eventually have to be approved by a small handful of devs who have commit access to the main repository. The 50+ developers can contribute openly, but the decision about which changes to accept is always done by rules enforced by this small group.
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:58:03
The goal is not for a 2 MB HF to protect us from a black swan scenario where everyone in the world wants to use Bitcoin. The goal is for it to reduce the impact of any fee spike that does happen due to more likely increased demand scenarios.
For instance, let's say some big companies start using Bitcoin for a new use case, or someone finally gets Bitcoin remittances to work, and at 1 MB + SW fees would have spiked to 75 cents, but maybe they only spike to 20 cents with 2 MB + SW. Being right up against the block size limit will make any fee spike worse. In the time period between now and Lightning we can mitigate that risk somewhat by doing 2 MB HF + SW closer together.
@_date: 2016-03-05 03:19:46
Didn't conclude based on his data that 2 MB was safe? Hence the reason he got involved in pushing for it?
I vaguely remember him saying that 4 MB was about the level where issues started to arise. Perhaps he can clarify.
@_date: 2016-01-13 23:47:20


Not sure why you're using the movement of a person's entire savings as a barometer. Are you saying that if fees are at a level where they wouldn't be too high for a transaction involving your entire savings, then they are low enough? You seem to be saying that Bitcoin's use case as a digital gold is the only important one right now, and that people who want to actually use Bitcoin to pay for things are out of luck.


Thanks for pointing out that my argument was phrased badly. I have rewritten that section to make it clear that I am talking about regulation that makes using Bitcoin significantly worse. Cars are definitely regulated, but the laws are not particularly onerous or unreasonable to most people. If a politician proposed that everyone must wear a helmet when driving a car, they would have very little success in getting such a law passed because this law causes significant cost and hassle to a huge group of people. If he instead passed a law that required helmets on unicycles, it would be a lot easier to pass because almost no one cares about unicycles. 
If 0.1% of people used Bitcoin and a politician wanted to make it illegal to receive Bitcoin at an address that wasn't registered with the government, they would have a lot easier time doing so than if 20% of the population used Bitcoin. 
I mentioned this in the article, but look at Uber as an example. They have gained protection from regulators trying to ban them by becoming popular among lots of users. Politicians who try to ban them now find themselves on the wrong side of public opinion. Look at Bill de Blasio.


I addressed this in the next paragraph on the wiki. 


I'm not necessarily talking about what you call "blockchain 2.0", and I'm not suggesting that fees need to be almost zero. If we have a choice between 4 MB blocks and 5 cent tx fees for the next two years, or 1 MB blocks and $1 tx fees for the next two years, IMO the later is closer to the sweet spot on the usability / decentralization tradeoff. I've noticed that those advocating against a 2 MB block size increase don't like to explicitly discuss tradeoffs though. 
No one likes answering the following question: "if you had to choose between fees being $0.05 for the next two years and the block size being X, vs. fees being $1.00 for the next two years and the block size staying at 1 MB, what is the value of X at which you're indifferent between the two options?" What's your answer? Mine is 8MB.
@_date: 2016-03-10 23:04:48
I did not forget. Fixed costs get folded into the total cost of hashing. What matters is the rewards up for grabs for miners. They will end up spending roughly an amount equal to those rewards to secure the network. It doesn't matter whether they're paying for electricity, hardware, or anything else.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:45:30
Depends on how it fails. If some crypto flaw in the protocol is found and everyone loses all their money (BTC becomes worthless overnight), sure it'd damage cryptocurrencies as a whole. 
If someone simply comes out with a better cryptocurrency and people start migrating over to the new one, it wouldn't be unrecoverable at all.
Most merchants who accept Bitcoin don't have to trust the currency now. Bitpay and Coinbase abstract that away from them. So the merchants won't care about this transition. Sure, Bitcoin early adopters would be sad if this happened, but they knew their investment was risky going into it. 
Maybe people wouldn't invest in this new cryptocurrency as a speculative asset because of what happened to Bitcoin, but that doesn't matter. In the long run the value of the cryptocurrency will be driven by its usefulness.
@_date: 2016-03-03 21:30:50
Bitcoin + Lightning + sidechains could be "one money." What do you think would stop it?
IMO, given that Bitcoin can be both cash and gold (/ settlement network) in the future, the most pressing question is: "what should we do about Bitcoin's cash use case before Lightning arrives?" 
@_date: 2016-01-29 09:44:30
So, Mike tries to introduce a platform to make development more decentralized and... this is bad?
@_date: 2016-03-05 07:17:03
This doesn't address the 'timing' argument by those who want a short term bump.
Yes we'll need blocks to be full someday, but there are two big reasons to wait:
(1) Lightning will exist in the future, giving people an option for low fee txns even when on-chain txns have high fees. Lightning does not exist now. So if we postpone raising fees until lightning, it means **Bitcoin users will always have a low fee option**
(2) Networks are more fragile in the earlier stages. To build up a network effect, you want to make usage frictionless. Hence all else being equal, it's better for friction to be added later.
Note also that "there is infinite demand for block space" needs some caveats. Blocks have not been full yet because miners have some minimum tx fee before they consider adding a transaction, regardless of how full blocks are. That's why blocks aren't full. If we kick the can down the road with a 2 MB HF, blocks won't immediately fill up for the same reason they haven't been full for the last year. 
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:25:53


Today there is some minimum fee under which miners won't include a transaction even if there is space. This is why all blocks aren't full now even if there would be huge demand for transactions paying 1 satoshi in fees. 
This means that in the real world, the practical effect of a block size increase would be to continue the status quo of not having full blocks, while giving us more room to add users until Lightning makes higher on-chain fees less painful.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:44:17
Cost. Maybe that's a better word. I'll edit. Thanks! EDIT: actually I already used cost in that item. Sounds better the way it is.
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:39:21
I've never seen anyone present arguments that concern about high fees is FUD. In my experience those arguing a block size increase tend to ignore all the reasons that [high fees]( are [bad for growth]( If you disagree, can you point me to somewhere where someone has tried to justify their dismissal of these things?
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:18:36
That line jumped out at me too. If course doubling the block size doubles the throughput. So the argument is really something like "doubling the throughput via block size increases isn't something we can do indefinitely, therefore doing it now is not valuable."
I disagree with this and think that there is value in keeping on-chain transactions fairly cheap until Lightning is actually deployed and working.
@_date: 2016-03-08 23:33:13




problem is that he doesn't differentiate between the Bitcoin network being open and decentralized, vs. a private event about the network being open and decentralized.
Imagine you're part of a court trial, and the proceedings are open to the public. If we apply junseth's logic here, no one should be able to meet privately about the trial, because the trial itself is public. 
@_date: 2016-03-24 17:31:04
Simpler to implement, but much more of a hassle from a user's POV. How many users sign up for mailing lists for software that they use? 
@_date: 2016-01-24 04:23:32
Your comments symbolize the attitude of Core that a lot of people have a problem with. 


Are we assuming that non-geeks don't matter? Look at the usage growth of Slack compared to IRC. Slack now has [2 million daily users]( as of a month ago. It looks like in 2012 the # of daily IRC users was [400,000 and falling](


As someone who has used IRC for ~20 years, it's clear that the user experience of Slack is superior in many ways
* You don't lose history on Slack when you're not online. In IRC you have to either be always connected or track down logs from someone else to know what happened before you visited. It is true that the free version of Slack only keeps the last 10,000 messages of history, but it also lets you archive old messages so if you wanted to keep logs for yourself like on IRC you could, and you wouldn't have to worry about any messages being missed.
* Even when there is a site like [this one]( which archives logs from  the search is terrible. Search on Slack is excellent. True, if you get text IRC logs on your machine you can search them well with command line tools, but this requires that you have the logs on all your devices (and again, there's no guarantee they'll be complete).
* Slack is beautiful and extremely usable on mobile. Mobile devices are taking over and already far more prevalent than PCs. What mobile IRC experience can compare to Slack's app?
The decentralized nature of IRC may be important if you want that in a communication tool, but to claim that Slack decreases usability suggests that you're out of touch with what non-geeks consider usable.
Do we really want the user experience of Bitcoin decided by people who think IRC has better usability than Slack?
@_date: 2015-05-31 21:44:15
I'm not suggesting that the core devs bind themselves by promising action if some specific metrics are hit, just that they give the community some idea of what would make them want to increase the limit, how they'd want to do it, etc. 
Right now lots of people seem to think that the cypherpunks never want to increase the block size under any circumstances, which is wrong, but the cypherpunks aren't doing much show people that's wrong. Your reply focuses on the cypherpunks being comfortable that the centralization risks are low, but I'm much more curious on their thoughts on what would indicate user adoption risks are too high.
The fundamental tradeoff here is decentralization vs. user adoption. Each side is mostly only talking (on reddit anyway) about the costs to the thing they care about more, instead of talking about what would cause them to trade off a little bit of the thing they care about more for the thing they care about less.
@_date: 2017-03-23 19:25:38
This assumes that users would do nothing. All long term power rests with users: 
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:37:52




Note that the Toomims in these sentences are different. The guy who had the strange conversation in the Core Slack was Michael, the brother of Jonathan. Jonathan is the one who is doing pretty much all of the work and communication on Classic.
@_date: 2016-03-08 06:06:32


This is incorrect. Setwit separates out the signatures which prove that the transaction is allowed to spend the outputs that it spends. This is absolutely needed for validation. 
Segwit optimizes throughput via a block size accounting trick in which the signatures only count partially toward the 1 MB limit. This is the same general type of optimization as just raising the block size.
@_date: 2016-01-03 06:53:37
Cool project, but one thing makes it hard to interpret the data:
Some people might reject "2-4 MB over two years" because it's too aggressive for them, and some people might reject it because it's not aggressive enough. They both appear as 'oppose.'
What would be really cool would be to see a distribution of people's answers to "what do you think the max blocksize should be in 6 months / 1 year / 2 years / 4 years?"
Then we can know things like "90% of the community thinks the block size should be &gt;= 2 MB in six months", regardless of the specific proposal they are endorsing.
Also the number of options presented seems a bit too large, making the site unnecessarily complex. They don't seem sorted by popularity either, so people have to scroll past the strange proposal for github users to vote to see more serious proposals.
@_date: 2016-03-21 23:47:02


I don't think "most" is quite right. There should be enough full nodes such that it's really easy for SPV nodes to find some, and such that a Sybil attack has an extremely small chance of giving an SPV client a view of only nodes that the attacker controls. 
@_date: 2016-03-08 23:23:48


The point is, it's needed to verify that a transaction is valid. 


...and all signatures for every transaction in the block need to be valid for the block to be valid. So you can't tell if a block is valid without the signatures.


I don't think you understand the above quote from Pieter. The reason that witness data isn't needed when relaying old transactions is that Core uses 'checkpointing'. Core doesn't actually validate transactions before a certain date, because it doesn't add much practical security.  So when you drop witness data, you remove a node's ability to check whether a transaction actually had permission to spend its inputs, which is definitely part of what it means for a tx to be valid.


Non-upgraded nodes don't have to drop off the network, but they can no longer validate transactions fully if they don't download the witness data (which can make blocks up to 4 MB each). They basically have a form of SPV security (it's stronger than pure SPV because they can still validate SOME transactions).
@_date: 2016-01-31 10:32:57
Great questions. I've tried asking the Core devs to be specific about what would cause them to agree to a hard fork, or what would make them want to deploy an emergency fork. They never answer those questions. 
@_date: 2016-03-01 05:05:15


Yet they've never described what would qualify as requiring a need for a hard fork.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:34:23
"we should never hard fork without nearly complete consensus"
@_date: 2016-01-03 12:16:56
As a somewhat unbiased onlooker who thinks both you and Baliji are doing cool stuff, I interpreted Baliji's comments as good natured ribbing. Your "just another example of how out of touch you are" was the first thing that struck me as unnecessarily rude.
I've watched you write very harshly to lots of people and I don't understand why you do it or why you think it helps your goals. is extremely smart and well connected and seems to be a fan of yours. His [talk on "exit"]( suggests that he's probably philosophically sympathetic to Hivemind. He's the kind of person who could be very helpful to your goals in the future, but it looks like you're going out of your way to be a dick to him. I don't get why you're alienating a potential ally for no reason. 
@_date: 2016-03-19 22:19:21


So one important consideration here is: what % of time are we talking about? The chain only has 30 seconds to grow long enough to confuse light clients before it is abandoned. So we'll say it has a 5% chance to get another confirmation in that time. Yet that second confirmation also has the same 30 second expiration time as the first. Also, it seems that it'd be in everyone's interest for light clients to not even want to be told about headers-only confirmations (see below).
Also it's relevant: what are the chances that an invalid block gets mined in the first place? Note that attackers have no incentive to intentionally mine an invalid block. Miners are harmed when they do so. Do you have stats on how often invalid blocks get mined in the wild? 


But nodes will only work on an invalid chain for at most 30 seconds. You seem to be assuming those nodes won't revert back to a valid chain after that. 


I'm proposing that light clients adopt rules that are more conservative than existing rules, which will cause them to have to wait up to 30 more seconds to know if a confirmation is legit. Note that if a block is actually valid as I believe it will be in the vast majority of cases (since there's no profitable attack involving purposely mining invalid blocks), then the wait time will likely be much less than 30 seconds. Note that light clients already are waiting for this interval now -- they just don't know they're waiting because they aren't given any early warning. 
Perhaps full nodes could simply not tell a lite client about a confirmation until they have received the actual block (and/or light clients would not want to ask for a headers-only confirmation) -- again, the delay is at most 30 seconds and much less in most cases -- not a huge deal for use cases where you're waiting for a confirmation anyway.


I don't see how what you've written justifies this. Can you give an example with specific entities named, like this?
* Miner M: accidentally mines an invalid block B containing tx t.
* Miner N: another miner.
* Full node F: a full node
* Light client L: you running a lite client, waiting for tx t.
So M mines B, and sends the header to N and F. 
N starts mining on top of B's header for at most 30 seconds. 
F receives B's header and relays it along for the benefit of other miners.
L asks F if it has seen t. F hasn't seen t because it has no idea what is in B yet, so L sees 0 confirmations.
L asks N if it has seen t. N hasn't, so L still sees 0 confirmations. 
Let's say L happens to be connected to M and asks M if it has seen t. M says yes and tells L the header of B, and shows L the merkle path in B. 
Now L has seen one peer say t has a confirmation, and none of L's other peers say it does. Note that this situation would happen before headers first if L happened to be connected to M. What should L do when only one peer says it has seen its tx? Maybe L should wait -- but this isn't really related to headers-first mining.
5 more seconds pass..
N mines an empty block C on top of B's header, and sends the block to to F.
L asks F if t has a confirmation yet. F says no. Let's say L asks F if it has seen any new blocks. F could tell L about C, and then L could say "I know C is on top of B, so that must mean B has a confirmation, so I can assume I've been paid." L could get in trouble if L draws that conclusion.
So as I described above, I see two ways out of this:
(1) L notices that F still only has B's header and that C is empty, realizes the situation above could be happening, and decides to wait up to 30 seconds then ask F again whether t has a confirmation. 
(2) The messaging system between light clients and full nodes could be such that clients can ask for verified-only blocks. Light clients would probably all prefer to just use this type of request. Full nodes can of course lie, but full nodes can lie to light clients today by trying to pass off an invalid block as valid.
I don't see the massive effect you talk about here. Can you describe it explicitly at the level of detail that I describe above? Note that none of the people arguing against headers-first-mining have explicitly described such an attack, so it would probably be useful to lots of people. If I'm convinced by your description I'll create a new top-level post explaining that I was a headers-first believer but I was wrong and then describe why, to educate others.
@_date: 2016-03-18 22:19:24


Did you miss the part of this debate where Core devs say hard forks should take one year?
What if blocks get to 100% capacity in 6 months? Is that the right time to plan a hard fork that would then activate 12 months after blocks are full?
@_date: 2016-03-17 06:02:26
Luke, can you explain in detail an attack that works with Gavin's patch? I describe [in my reply to Greg]( why I don't think it opens up any new attacks.
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:23:54


What exactly do you see in the whitepaper about contentious upgrades, other than the last line?
How do you interpret the last line of the whitepaper? "Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism."
@_date: 2016-01-31 10:41:02
It's unclear from Satoshi's writing in the link that you provide what exactly he would think about market driven emergent consensus wrt the Bitcoin protocol. Certainly that's different from what people typically think of when they hear 'politics'. Do you know if he ever addressed this?
@_date: 2016-01-14 03:00:47


If the block size stays at 1 MB despite the wishes of the economic majority, this will mean that an even larger chunk of the economy will feel disenfranchised. 


This is a good argument -- there is value to being able to know for sure that certain things about Bitcoin won't change. But the way you are advocating for it seems to be making it more likely that big block advocates will try a controversial hard fork. Trying to control the debate seems to be fueling a sense of "wow, we really need to get away from these people who are trying to suppress our voices." 
Clearly the people advocating for the "alt coins" are still getting their message out, since the front page of usually has lots of references to the hard forking implementations. So trying to control the debate is not actually keeping anyone from being aware of the other groups. It's just making them more upset and determined. It seems like you could achieve your goals better by changing the moderation policy to something more permissive and hoping that big block advocates are eventually persuaded by arguments for the desirability of the stability you refer to.
@_date: 2016-01-30 08:23:42
The standard meaning of 'cost'. The amount of resources people should have to give up to run a full node. 
@_date: 2016-03-17 09:21:36


But your light client would also accept this as proof of 1-confirmation before Gavin's patch. 
It looks like the risk is this: with Gavin's patch, you have the same risk of seeing 1-confirm transactions in invalid blocks, but you have slightly higher risk of seeing 2-confirm (or greater) transactions in invalid blocks, because the entire network starts working on the initial block for ~30 seconds. So the risk of being defrauded by high-confirmation invalid blocks is limited to the initial ~30 second period, right? After that if the attacker doesn't produce a valid block, other miners will give up on the initial block.
It seems like it'd be useful for full nodes to have a way of signaling to light clients, "Hey you know that block header I gave you 20 seconds ago? Turns out it was invalid."
@_date: 2017-02-15 03:10:05
They can't force one, but they could release hard fork code and encourage people to run it.
@_date: 2016-01-29 22:46:08
I may have missed some if people are referred to by different names on each list. The list of signers I am using is [here]( Maybe it needs updating? Here are the missing ones I see: 
* Satoshi (of course, he's gone so this is expected)
* Gavin
* Peter Dettman
* Andrew Poelstra (surprised not to see him on the list)
* Jorge Timon (also surprised he's not a signer)
* Philip Kaufman
* Jeff Garzik
* Brandon Dahler
* mrbandrews (I assume this guy has 'andr' somewhere in his real name, didn't see him)
* Mike Hearn
I do think it would be interesting to ask all of the people who did sign the roadmap whether they actually prefer it to a hard fork first. I've heard it claimed that some signers of the roadmap prefer a HF even though they're also cool with the roadmap. That may be wrong, but I'm not sure how to evaluate it.
@_date: 2016-03-04 23:20:21


This is not ad hominem. See [here]( for details.
In short, ad hominem is when someone says "your argument is wrong, because &lt;some attack on your character&gt;". Brian is not claiming that some Core dev's argument is wrong because Core devs lack maturity. Brian is claiming that fewer devs want to work with them because they are not mature.
@_date: 2014-07-27 22:07:57


Perhaps because they think that Bitcoin's block reward scheme is not sustainable, and InflationCoin's is, and that therefore in the long run InflationCoins will be more valuable than Bitcoins.


Your analysis ignores the network security level. Of course fees and difficulty will adjust until they're in equilibrium, and of course all fees collected are voluntarily paid. The question is whether Bitcoin's equilibrium will result in pathetic network security and therefore a non-useful network for a given fee level which would correspond to strong security and a useful network for InflationCoin. 
@_date: 2016-03-24 17:29:43
It seems like there should be some way to configure the client to display alerts from the Core developers before disabling this system. 
As others have pointed out, "normal" users are not going to sign up for a mailing list. If some emergency bug is discovered, most users won't find out for a while without this alert system. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 01:06:17
seems to have completely stepped back from any public-facing Bitcoin stuff after mid-December, except for a few posts to Bitcointalk. I hope he's doing this because he's focusing on Blockstream stuff or is developing some cool new ideas, rather than it being the result of frustration with the uncivil level of discourse in the Bitcoin community these days.
@_date: 2016-03-22 22:05:49


True, but it's not up to you to tell people which security/convenience tradeoff they should make. If most people know the risks of SPV and prefer using SPV wallets, that's a valid choice. The beauty of Bitcoin is that it allows people who want to run full nodes to run them, and it allows people who don't (and who are OK with trusting the majority of hashpower) to still get some benefit from Bitcoin. 
Which of the below situations do you prefer and why? Imagine the cost to run a full node is the same in each case:
Situation  There are 5000 full nodes, and 1,000 SPV nodes/wallets on the network.
Situation  There are 5000 full nodes, and 1,000,000 SPV nodes/wallets on the network
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:30:16


What about Meni Rosenfeld and Jeff Garzik? 
@_date: 2017-03-31 22:01:01
You're assuming people would sort of haphazardly change this setting without coordinating. The fact that users don't want to be on a tiny chain would cause them to coordinate with each other. 
 
@_date: 2016-01-14 23:48:15
What was your source of the death threat info? Do you know when any notable threats were received? 
@_date: 2016-03-04 23:28:44
Brian was a software developer before he started Coinbase. It's likely that he wrote much of the early Coinbase code.
@_date: 2016-03-21 23:55:52
The UX for Bitcoin Core during syncing is very unfriendly to non-expert users. 
The Core team is worried that so few people run full nodes, but the first experience of a user who tries to run it involves **not being able to use the software for a day or more**. This is the kind of thing that makes people flee to other wallets.
Or when a user doesn't run Core for a while and starts it up, they need to wait multiple hours for it to catch up. 
IMO, Core should fall back to SPV security when it isn't caught up, with some indication to the user that the chain isn't synced and validated yet, but that they can proceed with reduced security if they want. Is this a change that the Core devs would merge?
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:46:47
How do you know that Satoshi just meant any "bearer instrument" that was private and p2p, no matter how difficult it was to use to pay for things?
"Commerce on the Internet has come to rely..." This is the first line of the whitepaper. Satoshi is talking about Internet commerce as the area Bitcoin is relevant to. 
Also from the first paragraph of the whitepaper: "and cutting off the possibility for small casual transactions," . Apparently Satoshi wanted Bitcoin to be useful for small casual transactions. Sounds kind of like the normal meaning of 'cash' to me.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:58:31
This is theoretically possible, but what it fails to take into account is that BU nodes can effectively set their 'acceptance depth' to infinity, meaning that they'll never follow along with a miner who exceeds their max block size. It also fails to consider that there would be out-of-protocol coordination between members of the Bitcoin economy on what settings to agree upon. So it might be that 70% of the network (measured by economic weight) is running a 4 MB block size with infinite AD. In that case, there's no way for miners to force the network to adopt bigger blocks.
I agree that BU's emergent consensus algorithm is not good, but just because BU gives users the tools to use it in a way that would allow miners to increase blocks arbitrarily doesn't mean users actually would use it like that.
@_date: 2017-03-27 20:43:17
There was a normal meaning of "cash." The reasonable interpretation of "electronic cash" is a type of cash that happens to be electronic. 
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:28:54
The problem with solution  is that it still results in users paying higher fees when it's unnecessary for them to do so at such an early stage in Bitcoin's life. 
Many of us believe that network effects are very important, and that when the Bitcoin network is small and less useful than it will be with a larger network, it's a good strategy to not encourage unnecessary barriers to adoption.
@_date: 2016-03-17 07:48:50
Thanks for the reply. I'm not seeing how the security assumption I make with Gavin's patch is different. Here's why:
Assume that the way I (as a lite client owner) determine if a tx sent to me is confirmed is that I randomly ask one node I'm connected to. Suppose you're trying to defraud me, so you create an invalid block that sends me a tx (which spends an output from an invalid tx) and tell me "I paid you, check the network to see it."
Case 1, before Gavin's patch: I ask a random node if the tx is confirmed. If the node is not part of your conspiracy (and if it validates blocks), it tells me no. If the node is part of your conspiracy (or doesn't validate), it can tell me yes and show me a path of merkle hashes proving it's in your invalid block (that I won't know is invalid).
Case 2, after Gavin's patch: Similarly, any node I ask that isn't part of your conspiracy (and validates) will tell me no, and any node I ask that is part of your conspiracy (or doesn't validate) will tell me yes and show me a merkle path. 
In both cases I'm making the same assumption: that a node that I randomly ask about a tx isn't involved in a conspiracy against me (and validates). Maybe I want to ask more than one node, but no matter which schemes I come up with to ask many nodes, it seems like conspiracy-participating (or non-validating) nodes will always tell me 'yes' and non-conspiracy (and validating) nodes will always tell me 'no' regardless of whether Gavin's patch is in use. So my assumptions don't change right? Nodes that relay blocks but don't verify them cause me the same harm in each case?
I did realize one way that Gavin's patch could make fraud a little easier, depending on how smart lite clients are. It relies on lite clients trusting multiple-confirmation blocks a lot more than single confirmation blocks even when multiple blocks are found in quick succession. Basically an attacker gets the advantage of the entire network trying to build on his invalid block for 30 seconds, before he has to reveal it. So 2-confirmations of invalid blocks will be more frequent. So when another miner builds an empty block on the attacker's invalid block before the 30 seconds is up, the attacker comes to me and says "Look! that tx I sent you is now 2 whole confirmations deep! Surely you can send me what I purchased now." 
It seems like a solution to this problem is for lite clients to be aware of this interval and realize that 2 confirmations in quick succession is not much stronger evidence of validity than one confirmation. 
Maybe an alert system could also help with this, where nodes keep track of invalid blocks for a few hours or so in case another node asks about them. Then they can reply "this block was invalid." That wouldn't open up a DoS vector because they'd only keep track of invalid blocks that had valid PoW.
@_date: 2016-01-31 22:13:31
Your understanding is correct in its broad strokes, but some nuances are left out and you are incorrect in describing that situation as a tragedy of the commons.
First, I'll assume by politics you mean "using methods of persuasion to gain support for a particular proposed fork or non-fork." There is a lot of equivocation on the word 'politics' in general in the block size debate, because while such persuasion is used, the actual decision mechanism that resolves the debate -- market driven consensus -- is very different from how political debates are actually decided.  
So, yes, first supporters of a 2 MB HF will try to persuade the community to join the 2 MB chain, as they're doing now. Note that this is mostly only controversial now because Core and its supporters thinks that these persuasive campaigns are something to be feared. As you describe, you believe succumbing to this style of governance will lead to a world where Bitcoin is ruled by the mob and loses its special properties. I do not agree with this. [This is]( a great description of why not.
Then, when we need fees for security, there will either be a fork to a smaller block size or else some group of people will just advocating not raising the block size any further. Perhaps some people will disagree and create a fork. Either way, imagine there are two forks that people can choose between, the "generate fees for security" fork, and the "keep fees low, fuck security" fork. The various supporters of these forks will try to convince people to join them.
What you describe is actually not a tragedy of the commons, because a tragedy of the commons has to have the feature that a person's individual decision to act antisocially makes them better off regardless of what other people decide. Think of the farmers letting their cows overgraze in the commons. My decision to let my cows overgraze benefits them no matter whether you let your cows overgraze or not. It's only when enough people behave the same way that we're all worse off. Picking which chain to be on is very different, because as an individual user I don't benefit from supporting a fork which is not the main fork, until it becomes the dominant fork.
More explicitly, let's list the situations and my 'utility' in each:
* The chain with the smaller block size which secures the network wins, yet I favor the larger one: 20
* The smaller block size chain wins, and I favor it: 20
* The larger block size chain wins, and I favor it: 3
* The larger block size chain wins, and I favor the smaller one: 3
Compare to the cow situation:
* Very few other farmers let their cows overgraze, but I do: 25
* Very few other farmers let their cows overgraze, and I don't: 15
* Lots of other farmers let their cows overgraze, including me: 8
* Lots of other farmers let their cows overgraze, but I don't: 2
 
So actually we see that Bitcoin users have no incentive at all to support a fork that makes them all worse off. This of course does not mean that they couldn't do so. You could argue that Bitcoin users in the future would support such a fork because they won't understand the consequences, leading the whole community into ruin. As seen in the link I gave above, I think we have strong reasons to doubt that this would happen.


I'd argue that this is how Bitcoin works now: almost by definition a chain that the market favors will win, regardless of protests that "this isn't how Bitcoin is supposed to work!" We already have a huge amount of "politics" right now, because everyone involved realizes that a hard fork is a real possibility and that once it happens, the market will render its judgment. If people didn't realize that this was the ultimate mechanism controlling Bitcoin before, it was only because the community in the past never thought a hard fork was worth the disruption it may cause. 
In general, as long as people have the free choice to both fork the chain, and the free choice to decide which chain they want coins on, the only way you can avoid "politics" in Bitcoin is by not caring who uses the chain that you consider Bitcoin. If the Core devs said "We will stay on the true Bitcoin chain, but if other users want to use some fork of Bitcoin which isn't Bitcoin, that's their choice not to use the true Bitcoin." Instead, it is more like "We will stay on the true Bitcoin chain, but also we really want to convince all other users to stay on this chain too, and it makes us upset when they say that they don't want to. Also, politics is bad."
The obvious counter to that is "If you want to leave, start a new coin and don't try to hijack Bitcoin's infrastructure and mindshare." This misses that if a 2 MB HF wins out, then it shows that Bitcoin only has the infrastructure and mindshare it does because lots of 2 MB supporters/users/investors/businesses had played an outsized role in creating this infrastructure and mindshare. It doesn't make sense for Core supporters to receive all of the benefit that has accrued to Bitcoin from the work of these people.
One final note. I [wrote a post]( recently explaining why due to Lightning's future arrival, there will be no incentive for the masses to clamor for low fees if on-chain fees ever need to rise. They'll already have a super low fee way of sending bitcoins around.
@_date: 2016-01-13 06:27:44
It might be useful to clarify exactly what you mean by a full node. 
I run Core as my wallet, so I verify the full block chain, but I only run it once every month and I haven't configured it to relay blocks. I answered as if I never ran a full node, but other people in my situation (especially if they leave Core running almost always but haven't configured it to relay blocks) might answer that they are running a full node.
@_date: 2016-03-01 21:54:56
The miner fees might not vanish with Lightning, because if on-chain fees fell to near zero after Lightning we could always soft fork the block size down to a level where on-chain fees were 5 cents or 25 cents or whatever would be the best security vs. usability tradeoff at the time. 
There is a risk that you might need to make the block size so small that not enough transactions are paying those 25 cent fees to fund security, but there's also a risk that demand for on-chain fees won't be enough to fund security in the future.
I agree with the timing for raising fees now being completely off though. There's a reason why funded startups don't try to monetize before they have significant market share.
@_date: 2016-01-27 22:59:19


Your say that Bitcoin's fundamental nature is "political" as you describe it. You imagine that if we don't hard fork now, maybe people won't realize the nature of Bitcoin's governance model and we can all just pretend controversial hard forks can't happen. This seems extremely unlikely to me. This debate has already made pretty much everyone aware that hard forks and the threat of hard forks are a fundamental part of how Bitcoin works. If anyone believed that Bitcoin could free us from this sort of "politics" they were being naive. 
However, using the word "politics" is misleading here, because "politics" usually refers to a winner take all system where the winners get to impose their will on the losers. Bitcon "politics" is very different than governmental politics. It is much more forgiving of the "losing side." With Bitcoin hard forks, the larger fork simply remove themselves from the network of the smaller fork. This harms both forks to some degree because money has network effects, but people on both forks can continue to carry on if they choose to. Controversial hard forks are more like the breakup of a relationship than they are like traditional politics. 


Only in the very short term. In the long term, [users have all the power]( Miners have a strong incentive to not do things that users don't like.
@_date: 2016-01-30 08:22:20
There are definitely technical aspects to the debate. But a large part is not technical. Consider this question from my original post:


If we believe that adoption drives price, then adoption also has one effect that increases security while block rewards exist. If we believe high fees slow adoption such that they put it on a permanently lower curve, then high fees may reduce long term security. Ignore the merit of that argument for now. The important point is that it relates more to economics than code.
Assume that Greg, Pieter, and Wlad (GPW) believe that the relationship between adoption and price and fees is very weak, so they put a lower weight on how bad high fees are in the short term. Assume Meni Rosenfeld, Jeff Garzik, and Ben Davenport (MJB), think that the relationship between adoption/price/fees is stronger, so they put a higher weight on how bad high fees are in the short term. 
Suppose GPW wants segwit only, and MJB wants segwit and a 2 MB HF both very soon. Suppose that if GPW agreed with MJB about economics, they'd favor a 2 MB hard fork, plus segwit. Suppose if MJB agreed with GPW about economics, they'd favor just segwit. Even though there are lots of technical factors too, everyone agrees on them in this example, so the debate between GPW and MJB is purely about economics. 
Now imagine MJB and GPW are arguing, and then GPW says "Well, we are the technical experts, because we have much more experience working on Bitcoin Core. Therefore the fact that we agree with just segwit should carry more weight than the fact that MJB agrees with another plan." MJB should respond that actually since their disagreement reduces to their different economic beliefs, the fact that GPW works on Core and MJB doesn't (as much) is not at all relevant. It's not about GPW vs. Krugman, it's about GPW vs. MJB and whether GPW should get extra points in economic debates against other smart people like MJB just because they work on Core.
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:42:42


...and a little while is enough if we expect Lightning to be available in a year or so.
Right now we can send cheap transactions. After Lightning comes out we'll be able to send cheap transactions. So why do we want to make transactions expensive for a brief period between now and then, when doing so doesn't really help decentralization or security?
@_date: 2016-01-31 11:09:03
You are correct that miners will rationally mine any transaction that pays more than its marginal cost of inclusion, which could be extremely low.


If I were I'd reply like this: It currently gets funded by block rewards, and it may continue to be funded by block rewards for 15+ years if the price on average doubles roughly every few years. 
If many years into the future we find ourselves with the problem that we need to introduce more fee pressure to secure the network, then that's a reasonable thing to do. Right now we're not in that position and we have no reason to expect that we'll need fees to secure the network any time soon. Forcing fees higher now because we may need them for security far into the future doesn't seem wise to me. The future is very uncertain.
Why do you want to introduce higher fees now, when we may not need them for a very long time?
@_date: 2016-01-04 09:20:12
Emin is correct. It's disappointing to see Brian Armstrong make this error. Here's a wiki I wrote a few months ago making the same point as Emin in a slightly different way:
@_date: 2016-01-14 11:06:22


It's not good lawmaking I'm talking about, it's the absence of extremely destructive lawmaking. I'm saying that Bitcoin will be less likely to be outright banned if the userbase is larger. Where is the precedent? Uber, AirBnB, Zenefits. 


How would you answer my question about the highest value of X at which you'd support a hard fork to X MB, given the situation I described earlier?
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:37:03
This is kind of like Adam Back's "Extension Block" proposal. 
Vitalik describes why this type of soft fork is still coercive here: 
@_date: 2017-03-31 20:44:28
Emergent Consensus with capital letters refers to BU's automatic block size adjusting algorithm. No, I'm not a fan of that.
In a decentralized network, consensus is determined in a decentralized way, by the choices of individual users. That's how decentralized networks like Bitcoin work.
@_date: 2016-03-04 00:20:04


Where is the code for flexcap? The code for a 2 MB bump exists now.


Doesn't matter, people only need to send most of their transactions on chain until Lightning. The idea is to find a simple solution that tides us over until then. The 'expectations' argument is addressed [here]( 
@_date: 2016-03-18 21:34:08


Can you elaborate on this attack? My proposal above is for lite clients to use the information they'll have in a headers-first mining world to adjust for these risks. For instance an empty block mined quickly on a header will not be treated as offering much evidence that the block before that header is really 3 confirmations deep. The simplest/stupidest rule that light clients use could just be "only count non-empty blocks when counting confirmations." Is this really that dangerous?


...but validation-free mining isn't what is being proposed. Headers-first is validation-delayed mining and would not have allowed the BIP 66 for to persist for more than a minute, right?
If you think this is wrong, I'd really be curious to see a concrete example where you walk through the added risks of headed-first mining step by step.
@_date: 2016-03-17 01:19:36
Wouldn't that chain fork not have happened if miners were using Gavin's code? With Gavin's code, miners do fully validate blocks -- they just allow themselves ~30 seconds to work on blocks before receiving and validating them to make the effects of block propagation latency less important.
If you think this is dangerous, can you describe a specific attack that would be allowed by the code that Gavin is proposing?
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:16:51
Yeah, that seems right. There are situations where you'd want to update your bid back to yourself if your tx didn't confirm fast enough and you paid via a different method because fees were too high at the time. 
As a user who doesn't particularly want to double-spend, I would prefer that my wallet gave me the option of replacing my tx with a completely new output. So the incentives of wallet providers might cause them to add that to retain/gain users even if it would lead to more double spending.
@_date: 2016-01-29 23:29:50
This is backwards. It is Core and their supporters who say "we should follow the consensus of the experts, and Core are the experts, so follow us."
Other people disagree, and they want to give everyone a choice in which group to follow. Core is against this choice. They attack it as 'democracy' when it's actually a market mechanism and very far from democracy.


The reason why I posted my article is that too often when people would criticize Core's roadmap directly, Core supporters would say "but Core are the experts! They know best. You're not an expert. Just follow their plan." 
@_date: 2016-01-12 10:52:37


The issue is that raising the block size takes a lot of time, and demand could increase quickly. What if a new use case becomes popular and fees rise to $5 within one month? The Core devs have said they think it should take at least one year to do a hard fork. Should we suffer through $5 tx fees for one year while we wait for the hard fork?
@_date: 2017-03-12 09:09:01
Gavin is actually making a different argument than Charlie made. 
Charlie said exchanges can't accept BU because if the Core chain ever grows longer, the entire BU chain from after the fork will be orphaned. 
Gavin was not talking about chain orphaning at all. Gavin's point was simply "no one will want the coins on the fork that exchanges don't accept."
@_date: 2016-01-13 11:20:28
The problem with expecting to see some statement from the "economic supermajority" is that they are a distributed group of people who can't coordinate well enough to issue statements. The way that they express themselves is in which software they run, and in which side of a fork they demand coins on. 
This is why the suppression of controversial hard forks is not ideal. It serves to suppress the only good way the economic majority has of expressing itself.
@_date: 2016-01-19 20:46:08
I agree democracy is a bad governance structure for Bitcoin, but I don't see chain forks as a democratic mechanism, because no one can impose their will on anyone else except by leaving their group. It's more like if a new country was created and someone said "Hey, anyone who likes the new country better, come liver over here". If 90% of people choose to move to the new country it will hurt the 10% left behind, but it's not a democratic mechanism. The 10% left behind don't have the right to force the 90% to stay with them.
@_date: 2016-01-20 08:45:35


A hard fork from 1 MB to 2 MB is equivalent to making Bitcoin into VISA?
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:44:12
The main drawback of that is that it doesn't give us much of a buffer. If we HF for 2 MB in June/July of this year and combine SW with that (perhaps at a 1/2 discount so the max size stays at 4 MB), we're at less risk of a sudden increase in demand causing fees to spike.
@_date: 2017-03-03 21:10:53
I think the main reason for the deadlock is that miners and other opponents of SegWit are skeptical of this:


ready to implement them as the need and the will arises
No one knows what is meant by "as the need and the will arises." When would Core actually agree that more on-chain scaling is appropriate? When fees rise to $50? When bandwidth gets 5x cheater than it is now? No one knows.
Greg Maxwell has [said](


What does highly controversial mean? People are probably concerned that as long as Luke, Mark Friedenbach, and a few others maintain their strong stance against hard forks, Greg and the other Core devs will consider any hard fork as "highly controversial" and refuse to endorse one.
I think clarity from Core devs on what circumstances would lead them to endorse more on-chain scaling would be very helpful.
@_date: 2017-03-31 07:03:02
The only consensus rules that matter are determined by users. If you put a "consensus rule" in a piece of software but no users care about it, then it's not really a consensus rule. If 100% of users recompiled their Bitcoin Core code to allow 2 MB blocks, then that would be the new consensus rule.
@_date: 2016-03-10 01:51:14
Good post overall. A lot of people in favor of large blocks exaggerate the short term chaos that full blocks cause. With a bit of effort by wallet developers, nothing about Bitcoin should stop working or be especially frustrating when blocks fill up. The main impact should simply be higher fees. 
So the real question is: how bad is it for fees to be higher right now? It's very hard to know how it would impact adoption if fees went from 3 cents to 10 cents and stayed there indefinitely. There's likely some level at which the negative effect on adoption becomes significant: 25 cents? $1?
The other thing to be concerned about is that given Core wants hard forks to take such a long time, putting ourselves right at the limit of the acceptable fee level makes us vulnerable to a spike in demand causing a spike in fees to a level far higher than we've seen so far. If it takes a year to do a safe hard fork, we wouldn't be able to respond to this quickly. So is it smart to put ourselves so close to the limit before we have Lightning to take pressure off the system? Is it really necessary to take this risk?
You often hear the argument "very high fees would be a good problem to have -- if people are paying high fees, it means they're getting lots of value for those fees." The problem with this is that it fails to take into account which variables should be compared. The two variables in question are (1) block size and (2) user demand. This argument says that high user demand and small block size is better than low user demand (and any block size), so we shouldn't worry about block size. The relevant comparison is between a situation in which we have high demand and a higher block size, vs. high demand and low block size. In one case we have high demand and high fees, in the other we have high demand and low fees. So the objection to "it'd be awesome if we had high demand -- stop worrying" is "it'd be even more awesome if we had high demand and lower fees."
@_date: 2017-03-24 09:27:27
How do you know what the consensus is from the non-mining part of the community? 
@_date: 2017-03-16 23:37:15
Ethereum in particular has not embraced democracy, but rather embraced "market governance" which is very different. 
In democracy, the majority gets to impose its will on the minority.
In market governance, there's a hard fork and everyone goes their own way, like what happened with ETH/ETC. The minority is still free to use the smaller network. Seems to work pretty well.
@_date: 2016-01-29 22:59:02


They might, but I don't see a good reason to think that the economic expertise of for instance you, Pieter, and Wlad should be given any more weight a priori than that of say, Jeff Garzik, Fred Ersam, and Meni Rosenfeld. Should we assume that Core has better economic expertise and is advised by better economic experts than these other folks? 
@_date: 2016-03-05 03:40:31
As jtoomim says, you can ship segwit without the 4:1 discount at first, then increase the discount with ~~soft forks~~(EDIT: maaku appears to be right that this can't be done with a SF) as technology improvement allows.
@_date: 2017-03-31 06:57:34
The "no controversial hard forks" policy isn't part of Bitcoin's design. It's a social norm favored by one group in the governance debate.
@_date: 2016-03-09 01:24:45


This statement basically means that Bitcoin development is centralized to this one team. 
You can say "but anyone is free to contribute to the work of the one dev team", yet this one team still has its own ways of doing things that can't be changed by new contributors. One example is "controversial consensus changes aren't allowed." You're suggesting that a single dev team should have the authority to enforce this rule for all of Bitcoin, and basically decide what 'controversial' means.
@_date: 2017-03-17 08:37:34
How so? Everyone had a choice of which network they liked better.
@_date: 2017-03-21 02:46:26
Amount of hashes per sec doesn't matter. What matters is the cost to attack the network. 
@_date: 2016-01-26 11:57:49
I agree -- if wallet UIs only allowed this, then the risk of more 'casual' double spending should be eliminated. 
Curious if anyone has thoughts on how likely wallets are to restrict their RBF UI like that. What use cases would they be preventing?
@_date: 2016-01-01 11:34:37
The "miners paying fees to trick users into paying high fees" attack doesn't work when a fee market exists. 
If a fee market exists the marginal user is already paying the highest fee that they're willing to pay to get into a block. As soon as miners stop making fake transactions to themselves with high fees, the marginal transactions in blocks will again have fees as low as before the miner's scheme, which will signal to everyone else that they can lower their fees again.
This fee raising scheme would only work if miners kept putting fake transactions in their blocks indefinitely. This has the effect of miners enforcing a soft block size limit which is lower than the hard limit, to reduce supply and drive up fees. They could already do this if they wanted to, although achieving it via fake transactions would be harder for the community to detect, and might be impossible to detect if 51%+ of miners form a cartel.
@_date: 2016-06-27 22:09:59


So how should the community make a choice about a HF, if devs don't write the HF code?
If non-Core devs release a HF implementation, then Core demonizes them for "attacking" Bitcoin, and suggests that they should not be releasing and promoting another implementation.
If Core really wanted to leave the HF decision up to the community, they would allow two Bitcoin versions to be released under the Core banner: a HF version, and a non-HF version. The community could then run the version they preferred. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 19:00:11
Let's imagine hypothetically that the only way to fix malleability was a hard fork. Suppose Core released some hard forking code for this, and the only thing ti did was fix malleability, and 99.9% of people upgraded. Should the new network change its name to something other than Bitcoin? 
@_date: 2016-06-27 23:28:05
Some Core devs would be interested in working on 2MB hardfork version of Core. Specifically Gavin and Jeff. Other Core members might protest that Gavin and Jeff are no longer Core devs because they haven't contributed code in a while, but their not contributing lately seems directly related to their ideas being overruled. Anyway, the dev process is supposed to be open to anyone who can write solid code. If Core wanted to give users a choice, they would let Gavin and Jeff release their fork as 'Core Bitcoin, 2 MB edition' or something, and link to it from the main Core site.
@_date: 2016-06-27 23:33:57
You are basically saying that you don't want to give users a choice until your preferred version of consensus is reached. That's a position that reasonable people can hold, but it's not what I'd call "leaving the choice up to the community."
If you think that is a valid way to leave the choice up to the community, consider this. I'm planning an event for 100 people. I want to serve pizza. I agree to change the food to fish only if at least 99 people all vote for fish. Otherwise I'll go ahead with pizza. In some sense I am leaving the choice up to the community, because maybe 99 people will agree on fish. However it's obvious that the conditions on which I'll let the community have an impact are heavily stacked. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:05:44
If you find yourself on an unpopular side of a hard fork the results will be extreme, but I would not call them "violent" because the results arise from the sum of a bunch of people's free choices to buy/sell/accept the coins that they want to accept.
The exchanges have a right to offer trading in whatever currency they want. If you want exchanges to offer trading on both sides of any future hard fork, you should insist on their having a policy of doing that. If they haven't agreed to that, then you have no right to expect it.
If a merchant doesn't want your currency, that is their choice as a free agent. Same with your friends. 
If miners decide to stop mining on your currency, that is their choice as free people. 
Sure, the situation sucks for those on the smaller fork who wish other people wanted the same money that they do, but it is not violent.
@_date: 2016-06-21 07:58:30
My theory is that Craig and his friend still want to be able to scam people by using Craig's fake "trust" of Satoshi's Bitcoin's. (I heard there was something similar to a Nigerian scam going on there, where Craig needed money to help unlock Satoshi's stash, but don't recall the details).
Even if that isn't part of his reason, Wright still needs some plausible story to give the Australian tax people about how he really is Satoshi and how his tax rebate attempts were legit. 
Promoting the news story offers a way to back out of offering proof while still being able to claim he's Satoshi for his later scams and/or tax fraud purposes. 
@_date: 2016-06-01 19:55:45
Your argument seems to be that because e-cash should have other properties besides being a good transfer mechanism, and because **your** preferences for how these properties should be balanced involves deprioritizing cheap / small on-chain transfers, that Satoshi must have agreed with your prioritization. 
I recently read every public post of Satoshi's. Those writings don't support your interpretation. Let's take a look.
From the first paragraph of the whitepaper:


...suggesting that he intended Bitcoin to be suitable for small casual transactions.
From the [mailing list](


....Satoshi discussing uses for Bitcoin involving super small on-chain payments. You could object that Satoshi only meant for this to be a temporary phase since he's talking about how Bitcoin could 'get started', but in the same message he writes:


applications if you could effortlessly pay a few cents to a
website as easily as dropping coins in a vending machine.
Satoshi is talking about using Bitcoin to send transactions worth a few cents, far into the future. He is not talking about some layer on top of Bitcoin here.
From [the mailing list](


Satoshi envisions 'very large transaction volume', not a small amount of settlement transactions paying high fees.
Here's Satoshi [talking about]( Bitcoin being used in point-of-sale transactions:


...And here's Satoshi [talking about]( using Bitcoin to pay super small image hosting fees:


There are many more examples of this so I'll stop. The point is, Satoshi's vision involved very small on-chain payments.
How do we know Satoshi wasn't talking about layers like Lightning in all these quotes? A couple reasons: (1) it seems like if he was talking about layers, he would mention layers at some point, and (2) He clearly envisioned the block size getting huge, and the only full nodes being in data centers. Recall [these]( famous quotes:




These posts don't make sense if you think Satoshi envisioned Bitcoin as being a settlement layer, and small transactions not being on-chain. 
I'm not claiming this proves we should raise the block size, but Satoshi thought SPV security was "good enough" for almost everyone, and envisioned huge blocks and massive on-chain scaling.
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:41:08
A continuation on [a twitter thread]( 
I'm curious which of these claims Eric disagrees with:
(1) When people make trades, they sometimes would be willing to trade at a more unfavorable price than they end up trading at, but they don't do so because it's unnecessary. In the example above, think of the buyer who would pay $4.99 for an apple, but buys it for $2.00 instead because that's the first offer the seller makes.
(2) Even if it's very hard to measure what the maximum price someone will pay something is, this doesn't change the fact that there really is a difference in some cases between the actual price in a transaction and the max/min the buyer/seller would accept.
(3) If your best friend (who you've never known to lie to you) was going to buy a car off craigslist, and he told you "I'm going to bring $5000 because I'd buy it at that price, but I'm going to try to buy it for $4000", then you watch your friend leave with $5000 in his pocket, then your friend later tells you that he bought the car for $4,000 but that he would have paid $5,000, you can be reasonably confident that your friend would have actually paid $5,000. 
(4) In the hypothetical just described, the interests if your friend and the car seller were not 100% aligned because the seller would have preferred selling at $5,000 and your friend preferred buying at $4,000. 
@_date: 2017-03-31 20:34:05


You mean "to get unanimous shared agreement over current state." Others might view the purpose of Bitcoin as serving as a useful censorship-resistant money with limited supply and the potential for anonymity. In some cases getting unanimous agreement for changes can conflict with that goal.
@_date: 2017-08-10 18:44:42
More replies to twitter thread:


People usually use the term 'adversaries' to describe people with significantly misaligned interests, who are actively taking action to further their specific misaligned interests. So in most cases calling them 'adversaries' would be misleading, even though usually people who work together on a project don't have 100% aligned interests.


The term fits better there.


That they both joined the partnership is a manifestation of the fact of the fact that their interests are fairly aligned in one area.


I've never talked about "price alignment" and am not sure what you mean by that term. I've talked about alignment of interests/incentives, and separately about how prices allow people to find mutually beneficial compromises between their misaligned interests.




I am disputing the specific claim that miners and users don't have somewhat conflicting interests, not the general "meaning" of your essay.


I agree, but that seems separate from the point I'm making.


Maybe, but I'm trying to discuss a narrow point about the alignment of interests, not the general "problem of money." I agree that trade is self governing.
I get the sense that you think I'm trying to attack the free market or something, or that I'm in favor of central planning, and that you need to somehow deny that people's interests conflict within the economy if you are to properly defend the virtues of the market vs. the state. None of those things are accurate. I got into Bitcoin because of its ability to remove power from states. I am a hardcore capitalist and agree with you that markets are awesome. I even [wrote a FAQ]( about why markets are so awesome that we should embrace them as Bitcoin's governance mechanism, and stop try to layer social consensus governance on top of market governance. 


You seem to want to talk about more general topics, but the point I'm making is very specific. To recap:
The fact that 'surplus value' exists when people trade is the entire reason that trades happen (if there was no surplus value, it would be impossible to agree on a mutually beneficial price)
When people engage in trade, it's possible for one person to get more of the surplus value than the other. (See my apple example, or the used car example). That both parties to a trade would prefer more of this surplus value for themselves is a type of conflict. If this was not a conflict, negotiation on price wouldn't exist.
Which person gets more of the surplus value is often determined by who has the better negotiating position.
The relevance of this to your essay is: If a PoW change would actually harm miners, then it would increase the power of users in any "negotiation" with miners, which could lead to users being able to collect more of the surplus value for themselves.
@_date: 2016-11-21 22:19:58
I think many people overstate the slippery slope argument, because they are not fully appreciating the network effects of money. The reason we don't already have two Bitcoin forks is because both sides realize the network effect is very valuable. 
Think about how much disagreement there is between Core and BU/Classic/etc. The BU folks think that Core has hijacked Bitcoin and is taking it in a totally different direction than was intended. Core thinks the BU folks don't care about decentralization and want to ruin Bitcoin. Yet despite that, the BU people don't want to fork now because they understand how powerful network effects are.
The same dynamic would be at play for Bitcoin_X3424324. Any fork of Bitcoin would pretty much die immediately unless there was a large group of users who felt very strongly about it. 
I could actually create Bitcoin_X3424324 right now, but no one would care and it wouldn't affect Bitcoin's price at all. Existing users would think "Hmmm, Bitcoin_X3424324 has no good reason to exist and no one else cares about it, so I won't care either. It's so insignificant it won't affect my coins at all."
Even if Core and BU split, we'll be in a similar situation. A Core/BU split is only on the table because of the extreme disagreement in the community. That doesn't happen every day. 
Look at ETH/ETC. Ethereum split once into two coins. Yet we don't see 1000 versions of Ethereum that people care about. People still only care about two versions, because those are the only versions that legitimately fill different niches and can attract strong community support.
@_date: 2016-12-05 22:22:51
Claiming that Bitcoin-security sidechains would allow us to stay at 1 MB doesn't make that much sense, because if all full nodes must also validate this sidechain, then the effect is equivalent to raising the block size.
@_date: 2017-08-10 07:07:43
More replying to the twitter thread since I have more space here: 




Correct. Not sure why you're reluctant to identify this as a misalignment. I'll define it below.


Price is a mutually beneficial compromise between people with conflicting interests.
We seem to disagree about what "alignment" means. Here's what I mean by it: let's say that you rank possible future states of the world in order of your preference, and I order them according to my preference. The alignment of our interests is roughly a measure of how our rankings of those world states differ. Specifically, we want to look at world states that our decisions affect the likelihood of. 
This is an important concept because often you want perfectly aligned incentives but it's hard to get. If your wife really loves you and wants what's best for you, then your incentives are usually pretty aligned and you don't worry about having a shared checking account. If the guy you hire to manage your business is extremely trustworthy and wants very badly to increase the value of your business, your incentives are pretty aligned. If he just wants to do the minimum necessary so that you won't fire him, your incentives are unaligned. I believe this is the common meaning of alignment of incentives. According to this meaning, buyers and sellers don't have aligned incentives when it comes to price.


Not sure why you'd assume that. Value is subjective, there's no "correct price." 
@_date: 2016-12-07 02:15:07
I also posted this comment on Paul's blog:
I find the "hard forks are an attempt to break an existing contract" argument weak. 
Since Paul doesn't try to defend it in this essay (or in the linked comment on Hearn's essay), I'm curious what people think is the best defense of this idea. Any recommended links?
The obvious counterargument is: I, a current Bitcoin user, never signed any contract nor did I promise anyone that I would continue running any particular software. The only thing I've done is decide to run Bitcoin Core in the past. If I decide I want to modify my Bitcoin software and encourage others to run the same modified version, and if I decide to value coins on my fork more than coins on the old fork, exactly what agreement am I breaking? 
@_date: 2016-11-08 22:06:17
So you have to trust the other person to be honest about the result of the game? 
@_date: 2016-11-23 04:27:55
Regardless of whether this specific incident is a spam attack, it's clear that at the current level of usage any real uptick in adoption would result in a similar backlog. 
@_date: 2016-11-12 06:54:02
Bitcoin isn't a democracy, but your second statement is only accurate if we use Luke's definition of "Bitcoin", where no fork that doesn't have full consensus can be called Bitcoin. 
Regardless of what you call the various networks, any number of people can split off and form their own network, and in practice many people might end up calling either network Bitcoin. 
The beauty of Bitcoin is that it isn't a democracy (so the majority can't force its will on anyone) but it's also not a system like you describe where a minority can force its will on the majority. The beauty of Bitcoin is that no one can force their will on anyone. People can join, leave, and create networks as they wish.
@_date: 2016-11-30 06:25:37
It sounds like you're claiming a controversial HF is like a vote that undermines Bitcoin's properties without the consent of those against the HF. 
If such a HF happened, it would effectively create a separate network, although those who used it would want it to be called Bitcoin. However since it is a separate network, those who liked the original rules could stay on the original network. The new network would not undermine the properties of the original network, since they're separate. Where is the coercion?
You could argue that the new network would undermine the adoption and popularity of the old network because of confusion about the name "Bitcoin." I'm guessing that you think this situation is A-OK if the new network doesn't claim the name "Bitcoin". Still, how is it coercion if the forkers stick to the name "Bitcoin" and not coercion if they change the name? Who exactly is being coerced in one case but not the other? Unsuspecting future users who think they're using the original network but aren't?
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:08:43
The dispute boils down to whether one thinks the 1 MB block size cap is essential to Bitcoin's identity, like the 21 million coin limit, or whether it's a less essential detail, more like the block serialization format. 
@_date: 2016-11-23 04:34:52
Isn't a "sudden" uptick in UTXO size what we would expect if previously the equilibrium amount of txns was just at the limit of where txns could be included in blocks at roughly the rate they were being sent, then the scales tipped slightly so that txns were being generated faster than they could be put into blocks? 
What makes you think the current backlog accumulated too fast for organic growth? I'm looking at the graph you posted but I'm not sure why that should look like too fast of an increase to be real.
@_date: 2016-11-17 08:18:24


This isn't an accurate description of segwit. The size of blocks does increase as the transactions increase. Segwit isn't about fitting 1.7 MB of transactions into 1 MB, it's about creating 1.7 MB blocks and treating them as if they were 1 MB blocks. Some of the transaction data can be pruned after it's verified, but that's not a bottleneck for miners.
@_date: 2016-12-27 15:58:29
It is impossible to avoid political money, because the value of a coin depends on how much people want that coin, and how much people want things is subject to political influence.
You can say "it's not allowed for users and miners to decide which chain is valid!" all you want, but if some group of users and miners start treating a new chain as valid, and if people start wanting coins on the new chain more than they want coins on the old chain, the the 'new money' will start replacing the old. 
@_date: 2016-11-12 07:41:41


Words change their meaning without full agreement all the time. I actually don't think a widely used word has ever changed in the way you're describing. If you think that's wrong, I'd be very curious to see you give an example.
So, you're not describing how words actually change their meaning. You seem to be describing how you think words SHOULD change their meaning. 
Why should people care how you think words should change their meaning? Suppose someone says that the way words really change meaning is perfectly legitimate. What's your argument against them? 
@_date: 2016-11-04 20:51:35
The purpose is that most users will want to use one piece of software for Bitcoin. They don't want to to download and start running Core, go download and run another wallet that they use for just two days, then switch back to Core.
The new feature gives users the same amount of security as they'd get in the above scenario but without the hassle. 
@_date: 2016-12-10 08:49:25
You're right. For the record, I genuinely thought that Satoshi was talking about the block size when I posted that. That quote as it existed in my notes didn't contain context, and I didn't go back to read the context before posting, which was careless and likely due to confirmation bias.
@_date: 2016-12-09 07:12:24
Here's Satoshi writing about that:


~~So, it seems he didn't increase it back then because it wasn't needed at the time and because he thought it could be increased "easily" in the future.~~
EDIT: Greg is right that Satoshi was not talking about the block size limit in that quote.
@_date: 2016-12-07 02:48:49


Yes, leaving for another network is what I'm doing with a hard fork. So if you consider this a valid choice, what agreement am I breaking?


So convincing them via argument to follow me is OK? Great. It seems like we agree that if I create a fork of Bitcoin and ask others to join it, I'm not violating any agreement.
@_date: 2016-12-27 15:44:04
People often falsely accuse the "miners and users should choose what chain is valid" position as advocating "democracy." (It doesn't help that some proponents of hard-fork governance are confused about this too).
There are some superficial similarities to democracy which encourage this error. Users can “vote” on which chain they like best via the software they run. Miners in some sense also get a “vote” to determine which fork will have the most hash power behind it.
Despite this similarity, democracy and hard fork governance are fundamentally different in a very important way: In a democracy, the majority forces the minority to adopt its favored outcome. In Bitcoin, people are free to join, leave, and create forks without anyone stopping them, even if they’re part of a small minority.
To get a better intuition for how Bitcoin differs from democracy, it’s helpful to think about other situations that are Bitcoin-like and non-democratic in their structure: 
* A large group of friends arguing about where to eat lunch.
* A herd of animals consisting of some who want to gallop one way and others who want gallop another way.
* A decentralized group of people, each trying to decide whether to switch their primary spoken language.
In each case, what happens results from each person having a free choice of what to do, but this is not democracy.
@_date: 2016-11-12 07:17:04
I'm curious, where does your idea that part of the meaning of "Bitcoin" contains the idea that "no fork is Bitcoin unless it had full consent"? Did Satoshi say that? Did you logically deduce it? 
If someone objects and says 'actually, when I use the term "Bitcoin" it doesn't have that meaning.', what tells you that your conception of Bitcoin is better than his?
@_date: 2016-11-08 22:14:47
What happens if you and Bob are playing a game, but I know which addresses are being used to keep track of the game state. Can I start sending moves to these addresses to cause confusion about the state of the game? Or is there some mechanism allowing both players to know that moves are really coming from their opponent?
@_date: 2016-12-07 11:04:03
Devs can't force users or miners to run their software. 
It seems like the only way to make this argument work is to assume there must only be one dev team forever and no other dev teams would spring up if the existing one was compromised, but I don't know why we'd assume that. 
@_date: 2016-12-07 05:34:16


No one is trying to force you to come along. The new forkers will likely call their new coin Bitcoin though. Unfortunately, they never promised they wouldn't, so that isn't breaking any agreement either.
@_date: 2015-08-27 05:57:43
I'm not sure of it, but it's my best guess because I think it's the only interpretation I've heard that makes sense. "Most common floor" is a really weird term that I had never seen anywhere else. You could view the "most common floor" of a downward movement of the limit to be referring to minimum downward movement that all 60% of the remaining votes are OK with after you cut off the top and bottom 20%. It's a floor because its the minimum downward movement, and its most common because its the only one that all 60% are OK with. This is equivalent to the 80th percentile vote. 
I think Jeff is too smart to propose the version that lets 21% of hash power make the limit as small as they want. If he really wanted the 20th percentile to be used he wouldn't have suggested cutting off the top 20% because it has no effect.
@_date: 2015-08-10 22:08:40
It doesn't matter much if there are a small number of payment hubs in Lightning, because as a user you don't actually have to trust them. They can't steal your money. The worst they can do is make you wait a few days and pay a regular Bitcoin transaction fee to get your money back (which is why even if we do end up relying on Lightning, it'd be nice to keep fees low for regular txns). As long as there are enough Lightning hubs so that they compete on fees, it should work well.
The best simple description I've seen of Lightning is from Rusty Russel:  (that's part 4 of a series, but it links to the earlier parts).
@_date: 2015-08-02 09:11:57
In that case I've just learned something very surprising and important: that most of the people I trust are deceiving me. In that case I'd download the full blockchain.
@_date: 2017-11-23 22:44:36


No one uses Bitcoin in a way that fully removes trust unless they design and build their own hardware. People just have to choose what amount of trust they're willing to accept. 
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:17:05
What if Gavin and Mike convinced Wlad to hard fork to 4 MB blocks, then they made the change to that repo, and revoked access to anyone who reverted it? Imagine that 99% of users went along with the change, and 80% of developers continued working off that repo. Suppose you and a handful of other developers created a fork that preserved the 1 MB block size, and 1% of the former users ran your software. Which version would be Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-08-28 07:36:46
All it takes to remove power from miners is another hard fork, and if that doesn't work, a change to the PoW function.
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:56:12
Obviously network effects exist and matter. This doesn't mean they can't be overcome if the thing with the network effects is worse enough than its upstart competitor.


See the comment thread between Elliot and psztorc here, to see the mechanism by which WaffleCoin could start with very little security and very little value but end up taking over Bitcoin: 
@_date: 2015-08-24 03:16:54
Thanks. I do have one page on governance [here]( regarding whether controversial hard forks are an appropriate decision making technique. I agree that I should add more about governance. 
I disagree that block size is no longer a major issue. I still see lots of disagreement about how bad 8 MB blocks would be for decentralization, and whether having higher fees soon is desirable or not.
@_date: 2015-08-02 07:04:36
One other possibility is that Bitcoin mining becomes funded by charity. Let's assume lots of large businesses end up relying on Bitcoin in the future. It may be that the public starts to expect such companies to contribute to the health of the network, and not doing so is bad for PR. 
@_date: 2015-08-16 22:16:09


Having the power to control Bitcoin in the short term is very different from having the power to control it without restriction (as PayPal does for their network). If a mining pool started abusing their power to censor transactions, it's very likely that users would almost immediately switch to other pools.
If large mining farms who owned their own hardware got 51% of hash power and started abusing this power, I suspect that the Bitcoin community would find some way to counteract this power. One extreme example would be to change Bitcoin's hash function and destroy all of the investment of whoever was controlling the network. 
The current centralization of Bitcoin is very surface level. Because power ultimately rests with the users (with some lag), the incentive is for large mining pools / farms to not do things that the community doesn't approve of.
@_date: 2015-08-29 07:08:21
If the 21% of hash power was clearly trying to harm Bitcoin, the orphaning you allude to would probably happen. If the 21% was just a group of well known miners who had recently grown above 20% and thought the block size should be lowered back from 8 MB to 1 MB for decentralization reasons, the battle could get pretty messy. BIP 100 strengthens claims by the 21% that they occupy the moral high ground when they start getting orphaned. 
IMO we should design the protocol in such a way to minimize the chances of 51% of miners orphaning other blocks, because once they start doing that then they've potentially become organized enough to do other (potentially bad) things too. If we design the protocol in such a way where we rely on 51% of miners to cooperate to keep the system from going off the rails, then we also give more legitimacy to the 51% when they do any sort of orphaning if they can rationalize it as somehow being good for Bitcoin. 
So I think the positive aspect of BIP 100 is that it gives miners a way to work cooperatively that doesn't require a more complex cooperation mechanism that could be more easily abused (and which we can never fully stop, just try to discourage).
The main negative is that if the cooperation mechanism we give to miners through BIP 100 is broken in some way, then we've just made it much easier for miners to cooperate in a harmful way. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 06:47:30
If I'm downloading a pruned blockchain, I know that I only need to trust people about one point in time, and it seems a lot easier to carefully select who I am trusting. I can also make the risk of being deceived infinitesimally small by asking for a snapshot from about 30 different people. For instance I'd ask you, Greg Maxwell, Gavin, Balaji, the people on  Jeff G., Alan from Armory, etc. At some point the risk that everyone is deceiving me becomes much lower than the risk of using SPV. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 22:47:07
He's likely referring to this line in the whitepaper:


Some people view that as suggesting an optional way to make SPV even better. Other people view it as of critical importance and call any node without it "not real SPV"
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:02:56
Most people would interpret "fundamentally insecure" as impossible to use securely. Everyone using ETH is free to only interact with contracts that meet some higher standard of security if they want to. 
Note that Solidity is not "fundamentally" part of Ethereum. Ethereum only understands EVM code. So Ethereum devs could start using another high level language which has better security properties if they didn't like Solidity. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:47:37


Not if the software you're running doesn't actually try to sync up with the rest of the real Bitcoin network when you stop being isolated, because someone tricked you into downloading a modified version.


Then you don't understand the sense I'm describing. You imply that you understand that you need to rely on trust when downloading the full blockchain in your last sentence.
@_date: 2015-08-26 23:29:38
* Allowing the hard limit to decrease roughly serves the same purpose as miners enforcing a soft limit by orphaning blocks above a certain size, even though those blocks are under the hard limit. The difference is, with BIP 100, 80% of miners need to agree on the limit. Without it, only 51% of miners can enforce a soft limit. It is possible for 51% of miners to enforce a soft limit in BIP 100 too, but users might view miners using a mechanism other than the BIP 100 voting to enforce a limit as "not playing fair", and somehow punish them.
* There's confusion about how BIP 100 is intended to work. I think the best interpretation is that you use the 20th percentile voter for an increase, but the 80th percentile voter for a decrease. That way you need 80% agreement from miners about any change to the limit. This eliminates the 21% attack.
The key point is that eventually (when more of mining revenue comes from fees) miners will probably set a soft limit to ensure there is at least some fee pressure. Right now there is not much consensus or data on how those soft limits should be set. The advantage of BIP 100 is that it sets out clear guidelines for how miners should be able to manage the effective limit. By adopting BIP 100, users are basically saying "miners, we think you should play be these rules" instead of leaving it up to miners to work out among themselves how they'll handle soft limits. So in effect BIP 100 constrains miners more by giving legitimacy to rules that are made by the entire community instead of just miners.
The main downside I see with BIP 100 is that there's no mechanism to rapidly increase the floating limit if demand spikes, because votes are on 3 month schedules. Perhaps adding an ability to increase the limit within a week or two if 95% of miners agree would help. There's also not much reason to enact ways for miners to create fee pressure now, since [we won't need any for many years]( 
One thing to note is that BIP 100 could be embedded within BIP 101. The max hard cap would be determined as in BIP 101, but the actual cap would move according to BIP 100 voting. 
@_date: 2015-08-26 20:23:45
In another one of these threads I posted a draft of a site I was working on to list all (reasonable or common) arguments in the Bitcoin block size and governance debates. It wasn't a true wiki though. I've recently moved the site to a real wiki, so now anyone can make edits without being logged in:
It's still incomplete. Feel free to contribute.
@_date: 2015-08-02 10:26:05
One additional thing that Mike didn't mention:
Crytpocurrencies compete with each other. Bitcoin has seen no legitimate competitors because no alternatives currently offer any significant innovation, and Bitcoin's fees are still reasonable low. What happens when Bitcoin transactions cost $10 each? People wanting to make transactions of less than $1000 in value will move to a different currency. Even the Lightning Network wouldn't make $10 transaction fees bearable.
@_date: 2015-08-27 19:54:52


It's debatable. It'd be bad if 21% of the network decided to "attack" Bitcoin by refusing to agree to an increase that would benefit the community. It'd be good if 79% of miners were trying to raise the block size to harm the bottom 21%, when an increase wasn't helpful to the broader community.
If you think requiring 80% agreement is too much, the same idea in BIP 100 can be used to require 70% or 60%. You could even use a different threshold for increases vs. decreases to make one harder. If you think there's any reason to encourage the effective limit to be set by something other than 51% consensus, something like this should be helpful.
@_date: 2015-08-23 17:54:03
I recently launched a site that attempts to explain and analyze the strongest arguments on both sides of the block size debate: 
I'm interested in feedback as to how it can be improved.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:03:52
That you think their intention was to destroy the network shows that you don't understand the other side.
@_date: 2015-08-03 07:02:12
I am not using the word "trust" in the technical way that you appear to be using it, so perhaps according to the definition that cryptographers use, it isn't "trust" that downloading the full blockchain requires. 
The point of my argument is to compare the security you actually get when you try to download Bitcoin Core + download the full block chain, vs. when you download a pruned block chain and also use my technique of asking a huge # of people to verify the state of the system at some point in time. I can make the extra risk involved in trying to download the pruned chain arbitrarily close to the risk involved in trying to download the full chain.
I've noticed a theme in the crypto community where people categorize different types of attacks, focus only on certain types, make some assumptions about other types, and then conclude that anything that makes some attack go from impossible--&gt; possible in the narrow category that they're looking at is suddenly a Big Deal, even if this increase in risk only accounts for 0.001% of the total remaining risk from all categories of attack. Eliminating this 0.001% of risk by making impossible that category of attack will seemingly make the crypto enthusiast much more satisfied than reducing the overall risk by 50% but not completely making any of the categories of attack impossible.
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:35:05
Correct. I get the sense that a lot of the 1MB advocates are underestimating the importance of tx fees, in that they'd refuse to trade a very small risk to decentralization against a huge reduction in fees. For instance, if tx fees were $3 now and we could move them back to 10 cents by switching to 4MB blocks immediately, would the 1MB advocates support that? I'm not sure, but their arguments suggest that they might not.
@_date: 2015-08-21 19:49:05
FYI, I recently published a collection of all the major arguments in the block size debate along with common objections. I think it's a good resource to get technical people up to speed on the debate, so perhaps some of your panelists would find it useful:
It's mostly complete, but I plan to add a few more, and will also add more based on suggestions.
@_date: 2015-08-26 02:25:08
The point is that if blocks need to be kept at 8 MB to create a healthy fee market yet the max block size is 16 MB, it's in any individual miner's interest to mine 16 MB blocks and leave it to other miners to keep their blocks small to protect the fee market. BIP 100 addresses that free rider problem.
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:06:23
Sure, but that implies your phrase "trying to destroy" is inaccurate and your analogy about someone pointing a gun at your face and pulling the trigger isn't a good analogy.
@_date: 2015-08-26 03:13:19


I think Jeff's BIP 100 actually makes it harder for miners to collude if you interpret it the way I think it is intended (which is very unclear from Jeff's paper explaining it). Suppose a block size increase looks at the 20th percentile vote, and a decrease looks at the 80th percentile vote. Then in order to move the block size in either direction, 80% of hashpower must agree with the direction of the change.
That's different from a simple case with a static max block size. In that case the 'accepted method' of maintaining a limit below the max size would be for miners to enforce a soft limit, by orphaning blocks that didn't respect it. It would only take 51% of miners to enforce and lower (or raise) a soft limit.
Now with BIP 100, 51% of miners could also collude to orphan votes that they didn't like, so at first glance it doesn't seem like they have less power. However the key is that the 80% miner consensus required by BIP 100 is providing a reference point for what the community thinks is a fair way to adjust the block size. Miners who deviate from this or who collude to orphan blocks voting in ways they don't like will be called out as bad actors, and the community will look for ways to fight back. 
In contrast, maybe with a simple static block size cap 60% of miners would collude to enforce a soft limit. The community might not have the will to get worked up about it, because the idea of having some soft limit to ensure security is paid for seems reasonable. BIP 100 just makes it explicit what kind of agreement we want when enacting these soft limits.
@_date: 2015-08-26 03:03:27
There's a block size that will maximize revenue, and it's usually not infinite. This follows from some simple economic concepts. Supply and demand will determine the price, and at different levels of supply (block size) the price will be different. With too small blocks there aren't enough txns to give enough revenue, with too high blocks there's no fee competition. There's a sweet spot, and BIP 100 ensures that other miners can't cheat and deviate from the sweet spot.
@_date: 2015-08-26 20:19:25
I agree that we don't need a fee market. I think wanting a fee market now is silly for the reasons listed in the counterarguments [here]( 
However, the person I was arguing with doesn't seem to understand the concept of the tragedy of the commons at all, or why BIP 100 would be useful if it was actually smart to create a fee market now. 
@_date: 2015-08-28 10:28:33
Yes, I think this idea is more reasonable. [Here's a subthread]( where it is discussed in detail.
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:33:48
The theory doesn't depend on miners keeping their coins. The theory is that miners have expensive equipment that helps them mine more coins in the future, and therefore they don't want to do anything now that makes the value of those future coins lower, so they'll behave in a way that's good for Bitcoin.
However if there are multiple chains that all use the same PoW, miners will care about how much future profit they can get from the set of all such chains, not any particular one.
@_date: 2015-08-21 00:24:00
I think his posts combined with the alleged recent Satoshi post on the Bitcoin mailing list make it more likely that Satoshi was a group of people, possibly Szabo and Hal Finney. If true, Finney was likely the one who posted optimistic things about bigger blocks. Szabo was the one who posted recently to the dev list under Satoshi's name. The partisan tone sounds like Szabo lately.
@_date: 2015-08-02 10:15:36
It's about making the tradeoffs you're comfortable with. The process I described is much, much less likely to result in me being deceived than me running an SPV wallet even with the change mentioned by platypii. The people I list above having their GPG keys beaten out of them is possible, but very unlikely, so when you rely on 30 different people to tell you the same thing, the probabilities become minuscule.
Trustless systems only exist in theory. In reality you're relying on trust even when you download the full blockchain. 
@_date: 2015-08-27 06:48:23
But then "floor (minimum)" is pointless. You need an interpretation that accounts for why he added that.
My favorite theory is that it means use the 20th percentile vote if the limit is rising, and 80th percentile vote if its falling -- guaranteeing 80% of hash power is always OK with any change. 
How can we interpret his words to mean this? Quoted from my [post]( in the other BIP 100 thread:


@_date: 2016-02-08 23:19:14
IMO there is a real disagreement about short term vision. It is unclear to the extent that Core believes that "we should aim to keep tx capacity ahead of tx demand in the short term if technology allows us to do it without compromising decentralization." This disagreement manifests in different views of the timeline for block size increases.
Many Core devs have made statements suggesting they think higher fees soon are good. The top three reasons are:
* We'll need fees to pay for security in the future, so it's best to encourage a fee market now (most large blockists disagree with the 'now' part).
* If fees need to be higher in the future, then perpetuating a situation with no fee pressure now creates false expectations for users, and will cause users to clamor for dangerous changes to Bitcoin in the future to preserve the low fees, which will hurt decentralization.
* Higher fees now will encourage quicker development of better scaling options like Lightning. 
People who want a little more tx headroom think that Core wants higher fees for these reasons, and they disagree that the high fees are worth it at such an early stage. 
@_date: 2016-02-24 22:10:32
The problem with the "setting expectations" argument is that Lightning means users will never need to pay high fees for using Bitcoin as a payment network. Most users won't care if their wallet sends transactions on-chain or via Lightning. So even if on-chain fees rise, users won't be paying high fees. I explain this in more detail [here](
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:20:01
That's a better argument, although I don't believe ETH would ever roll back the entire chain unless there was a severe protocol bug.
The DAO hard fork was just a state transition affecting one contract. It wasn't a "rolling back" but a "sudden changing of the rules." 
If there's a HF for the Parity bug, it will also be a sudden rule-change rather than a roll back.
I did disagree with the DAO fork and also don't want to see a fork for the Parity bug, but these things are still far less worrying to me than "Sorry guys, we decided the last week of activity didn't really count. Let's start over."
@_date: 2016-02-23 09:57:03
I am ensuring that the minimum relay fee sets a floor on the price. So the text means that at a fee equal to the min relay fee, blocks aren't full.
@_date: 2017-04-04 09:48:11
I think it would reassure a lot of people who are sympathetic to big block advocates if Core devs would elaborate on what "when required" means. The Core scaling roadmap used a similar term, "as the need and will arises," which could mean many things.
What are your criteria for determining when block size increases beyond segwit are 'required'?
@_date: 2017-04-04 18:56:04
OK, so the main concern is that we might make blocks too big, which would eventually lead to their not being enough fees to pay for security. 
It seems like a premise of this concern is that block size is like a one way ratchet, in that it's very hard to decrease. I am less worried about that, because it seems like enough of the community would have an incentive for a block size reducing soft fork if it was ever necessary to pay for security.  Miners and anyone with significant Bitcoin holdings would definitely prefer that to the alternative. People who used Bitcoin for small casual transactions might want the security/fees trade-off to be made differently, but they wouldn't have enough economic weight to meaningfully resist a UASF lowering the block size.
Another premise is that there's some sort of commitment/expectation that if block size increases, it won't decrease. Greg is also concerned that it not only sets the expectation that blocks won't decrease, but it sets the expectation for further increases. To me this depends on the messaging. If people in the community are super clear that we're increasing block size to see if Bitcoin can 'grow into it', but that long term block size might need to be reduced if necessary for security, I think that's a simple enough message that people will understand and accept it and not feel mislead if a future block size reducing UASF happens.
@_date: 2016-02-22 09:47:41
Control over what appears in the repo you referred to is not decentralized. It's controlled by a fixed list of people.
@_date: 2016-02-20 11:30:12
So if you send me lots of LCs, what am I supposed to do with them? It seems like your LCs that you send to me don't really have any value. They're just used for record keeping. 
Most people have regular jobs where it's not hard to figure out what the employer/employee transaction is supposed to be. It might be good in situations where someone is billing two different clients for the same time, but why do you need a blockchain for this?
@_date: 2016-02-04 09:54:02


Bitcoin **is** a payment network of a different type -- one that transfers value instantly. Just because existing electronic payment networks all transfer value via debt doesn't mean that all payment networks must.


That's one aspect of money, but money is actually more than that. Money generally refers to something that can both be used to settle debts and also be used as payments for goods and services. 
You are right that in general, big block advocates are less worried about risks to decentralization. Most of the ones I know still care a lot about decentralization, though. They just think that the block sizes they advocate for won't significantly harm it.


To reiterate: your argument is that since all existing payment networks operate on credit, and since big block advocates want Bitcoin's use as a payment network to be valued, then these Bitcoiners must want Bitcoin to be used as credit. That's false. They want Bitcoin to be used as cash (recall the title of Satoshi's whitepaper). The Bitcoin payment network is the first ever payment network which has allowed this.
I believe hits on a more relevant distinction below. Big blockers believe that to the extent that Bitcoin is widely used as cash, it significantly helps its utility as a settlement mechanism because of money's network effects. Small blockers tend to view these network effects as less important. 
Note that it's perfectly possible to both believe strongly in these network effects and also be a small blocker if you think that we're really approaching some critical block size limit right now, but in practice it seems most small blockers' reluctance to increase the block size comes from them really not seeing much benefit to a small short term increase, rather than them seeing high costs to a small short term increase.
@_date: 2016-02-17 07:02:20


I doubt many people are reasoning like that. 
@_date: 2016-02-22 07:47:11
"The process for changes to [this decentralized currency] is carefully documented in [this centralized repository], go take a look."
@_date: 2017-04-01 17:53:40
See 
@_date: 2016-02-23 11:07:23
I don't necessarily think existing miners will mine altruistically. Existing miners are professionals who want to make money. 
The two paths I see for altruism funding Bitcoin are: (1) We keep the current mining infrastructure, and people just donate in a way where miners seeking profits get donated fees, or (2) If network security starts to fall in the future, hobby miners slowly pick up the slack by mining at a loss on commodity ASICs. 
There might be foundations that mine, like the EFF or wikipedia, that people donate to.
Right now Bitcoin has 1.5 million dollars per day in security. Wikipedia got about $200,000 per day in donations in 2015 (the Red Cross gets about 8 million dollars per day). So Bitcoin only needs to generate about 8x as many donations as wikipedia to fund itself at its current security level. 
Right now it probably wouldn't work, but if Bitcoin is widely popular in 10 or 20 years, it seems possible.
@_date: 2016-02-22 23:25:02
Regardless of what anyone thinks of Brian's technical skills, to claim that people like Jeff Garzik or Gavin don't understand Bitcoin doesn't make sense. Their difference of opinion with Core on scaling is about economics and social issues. Things like "How bad are high fees?" and "How will people react to a hard fork?"
@_date: 2016-02-16 20:58:18


Is it necessary for Coinbase to violate US laws and get shut down for you to think they have the best interests of Bitcoin at heart? 
@_date: 2016-02-23 10:05:23
I replied in the other thread too, but replying here to so others see it:
In this context, "above demand" means "above the amount of txns demanded which pay fees above the min relay fee." I don't think you can get a tx confirmed if you pay 1 satoshi, even though not all blocks are full (unless perhaps your coin age is very high).
@_date: 2016-02-24 22:13:13
Lightning does not require you to set up a new channel for every vendor. There just needs to be some path from you to the vendor you want to use. The idea is that in pretty much all cases this won't require a new channel to be created.
@_date: 2015-07-23 01:39:05
I read the logs, and I would have banned you too. The folks in  showed a lot of patience with you, despite you asking so many questions that would have been unnecessary if you had just read the LN paper. It was only when you started acting belligerent and condescending that you got banned.
@_date: 2017-04-01 17:50:31
You mean unanimous agreement on which chain to care about. Everyone will agree on who owns coins on which chain. Different people will just care more about different chains. 
All else being equal it's better if everyone cares about the same chain, but tokens on these chains can still be valuable if some people disagree about which chain to care about. 
@_date: 2016-02-20 22:13:56
Consensus stems from the software that people and businesses choose to run. It is tricky to measure which software people would choose in the future. Prediction markets would help a lot.
@_date: 2016-02-24 08:44:32
I mean the precise definition is not important for the hypothetical I was trying to present. I don't mean that how (or whether) minimum fees actually get determined in the future isn't important. I agree that is important.
The intuition that I am trying to get at in my example is "imagine the status quo that we've had for the past few years. If that continues for two more years is that good or bad?"
@_date: 2016-02-25 00:25:31
If you were convinced that it was safe (in terms of mining centralization and block propagation latency) to add one more MB to the block size soon, would you be in favor of doing that?
@_date: 2016-02-29 05:29:53
If you guys have the text for the English subtitles, could you release just the complete transcript so people can read it without watching? 
Btw, I liked your "we should learn to love the fork" talk at the beginning. 
@_date: 2016-02-24 22:05:26
Assuming that we do want a fee market at some point, if we can give ourselves more leeway just until Lightning arrives, what's so bad about that? Many people in favor of a short term bump don't want to increase the block size indefinitely, just avoid an unnecessary "fees are high AND Lightning doesn't exist" phase.
@_date: 2016-02-15 08:43:41
Note that that isn't a direct quote. 
Here is the real quote, with context: "The root of my issue with Core is that I just think they're not listening to their customers.I don't think they've been listening to the miners, and I don't think they've been listening to the people who do the bulk of the transactions on the network. I think it's turned into developers developing for developers, in a way."
@_date: 2016-02-08 23:27:45
There is no "proof" that hardforking to 4 MB next month would adversely affect Bitcoin either. This is about trading off risks intelligently. To insist that we should not lower the risk of economic harms because we haven't conclusively proven that they'd occur, yet we should not risk increasing centralization or disrupting Bitcoin with a hard fork because we haven't conclusively proven that those won't occur, is applying standard of proof inconsistently. 
@_date: 2016-02-23 09:50:55
I agree that the "Bitcoin will be funded via altruistic mining" possibility is more likely than most people think. I'd guess about 30%. 
I think a 'soft block size cap' could be enforced and result in enough fees to secure the network in the long run. People might object "what if the miners make the soft cap too low, causing fees to be super high?" The threat of a PoW change if miners set an unreasonable soft cap might be enough to counteract that. 
@_date: 2016-02-02 19:37:10
Apparently if we have a centralized decision making process such that only changes where "everyone agrees" can be made, it somehow counts as decentralized. 
@_date: 2016-02-14 12:08:59
I agree that Classic is a bit too reckless, and that the focus of Classic supporters on "democracy" is a misunderstanding of the pluralism that you talk about. However I was surprised to see that you consider yourself a Core supporter, given that Core tends to take a very hostile approach to the pluralistic view of Bitcoin. A lot of the hostility in the debate comes from Core claiming that any hard fork attempt is illegitimate and immoral, rather than just unwise.
I believe that fundamentally Core is too fearful of market mechanisms / emergent consensus / pluralistic governance, and this drives many of their decisions that I disagree with. Do you not think it would be better for Core to acknowledge the legitimacy of the "decentralized governance via hard forks" philosophy (while of course still arguing that hard forks can be very disruptive and we should be very careful with them), instead of treating it as some sort of moral outrage that a fork is being proposed? Perhaps their stance is actually better for achieving their goals from a propaganda perspective, but it pushes me more toward supporting Classic because it suggests to me that Core doesn't embrace decentralized governance and doesn't support people's right to break away from them.
By the way, I think it is very unlikely that the entire Core team would stop working on Bitcoin if a Classic fork won out. The classic fork is getting its support mostly from being "Core + 2 MB", not an endorsement of the Classic team over the Core team. Most Core devs would realize that the Bitcoin community wasn't against them -- they just really wanted 2 MB blocks and didn't buy the arguments that it was especially dangerous or that 2 MB doesn't offer real value. Perhaps a handful of Core devs would quit (sadly this might include Greg Maxwell who I view as the most difficult to replace), but most would stay.
@_date: 2016-02-23 21:21:30
I see the precise definition of "demand above capacity" is unimportant here. You could either define it as only looking at txns above the current most common relay fee (adjusted if there are price increases), or just pick a number and say transactions with fees above 2 cents. The point is to describe a situation where fees are very low and there isn't competition for block space.
Sounds like I should maybe add some clarification in my article.
@_date: 2016-02-15 10:26:20
What he's saying now vs. then is not necessarily inconsistent. 
After the part I quoted Gavin goes on to describe devs scratching their own itches and seems to think it's a natural thing that they shouldn't be blamed for. Gavin's "itch" happens to be involve making Bitcoin a popular payment network though, so his "problem with Core" is more like a personal difference of opinion as far as which direction the project should go. Gavin isn't saying that Core devs should work on stuff that they aren't interested in just because companies want it. He'd be perfectly happy if Core said "we're not interested in this, but hard forks are a legitimate method of decentralized governance so if other devs want to code it up and present it to the community, we won't act like they're doing something immoral."
@_date: 2016-09-12 10:18:18
If you look at the other posts from he just posted about how he has a $179 debt to paypal due to chargebacks from these bitcoin buyers. He says he only sold $300 worth of bitcoins, so his bitcoin selling business is losing massive amounts of money so far. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 22:11:37
I think this is most likely: like many of us, Byrne has been infected by the "crypto bug." He is a true believer. He's super excited about the potential. He's already very rich so to some extent he can afford to gamble. The idea of running a normal ecommerce site seems boring and non-meaningful to him after his crypto-awakening. He doesn't especially have any crypto secrets that we're not aware of, he just wants to spend his time working on something he's passionate about.
@_date: 2018-03-05 05:47:09
Fees without any inflation means only people who are transacting pay for network security. Hodlers end up being subsidized by transactors. 
It's possible that this will work out fine, but there are drawbacks.
@_date: 2016-09-11 00:49:58
There are only a few that contain any actual innovation. Zcash, Monero, ETC/ETH. 
@_date: 2017-09-26 19:57:20


**Scenario  The NYA people created a backroom deal that users don't support, and Seg2x fails due to lack of users support. 
**Scenario  The NYA people created a backroom deal that most users do support. In this case it seems less important that it was a "backroom deal", since all they've done in secret is craft something that expresses the desires of most users, which the users hadn't previously created because coordination is hard in decentralized networks.
**Scenario  The NYA people created a backroom deal that users don't support, but they're somehow able to trick enough users into going along with it that it becomes much bigger than the network defined by the current Bitcoin rules. Theoretically you could get a situation where no users really like Seg2x, but they all go along with it because they think all the other users like it and they want to be part of a majority. 
Most of the argument about "backroom deals" seems to be Core supporters claiming that scenario  is being attempted, and Seg2x supporters claiming that scenario  is being attempted. Figuring out which is accurate involves figuring out what users actually support, and figuring out how much "trickery" is going on.
I don't think it's a good argument against Seg2x to just point out that the agreement was drawn up in a "backroom" though, since if we're in scenario  this isn't so nefarious. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:01:02
This is all irrelevant to the point I was making. The person I responded to was claiming that a PoW change wouldn't work in some sense if hypothetically only one person disagreed with it. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 19:58:52


The point is: who cares? If everyone moves to the 2x chain except for Luke Dashjr, it doesn't matter whether he moves to 2x or keeps the old chain alive on his own.
So when you say a PoW change "requires [...] the approval of each and every Bitcoin user", the question is: it requires that **for what**? It certainly doesn't require it for other users to have a functioning cryptocurrency network that's indistinguishable from the one they have now, which is all many people care about.
@_date: 2016-09-12 10:13:08
There have also been cases of people being assaulted and robbed after taking money for bitcoins in person, so you have that risk to worry about too.
@_date: 2017-09-30 21:48:17


Once Seg2x figures out exactly how they're going to add opt-in replay protection (which it seems like they're going to do), the transaction which sends original-chain coins could be formatted in a way that's invalid on the Seg2X chain, and then the S2x transaction with the later locktime can be normal-sized.
This would allow people to make smaller swaps with each other (much less than a Bitcoin, depending on the value of people's time), since only a couple dollars will be lost to transaction fees. 
(Edited this post because I mixed up the direction of replay protection, and didn't realize it wasn't merged yet)
@_date: 2017-10-01 05:22:39
I think I have it right. Trace's redemption transaction would contain an output with OP_RETURN  'RP=!&gt;1x'. According to [Jeff's merge request]( such an output would make this transaction invalid on the SegWit2x chain. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 08:16:00
Not "each and every Bitcoin user". If one Bitcoin users objected, the rest of the ecosystem would adopt the change and the single user (if they were a typical user) not using the new forked network wouldn't significantly affect anyone.
@_date: 2018-07-31 10:56:19
He was never charged with that crime, and his sentence is not supposed to be based on it. 
@_date: 2017-10-22 22:29:28
You can just make an anonymous transaction within the more anonymous currency after the swap, and then swap back to Bitcoin. No one will be able to associate your swap-in with your swap-out.
@_date: 2017-10-01 05:20:37


It's not merged yet, but the patch I linked to in the second paragraph does this. The sense I get from the btc1 Slack is that they're very likely to add (at least) opt-in replay protection, it's just a question of how it will be done. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 21:48:21
Interesting. I think I was thrown off by you saying "but if [Seg2x] DOES succeed and become the dominant chain, they get nada," since they'd still get the (less valuable) 1x coins. Presumably they won't go to zero since we've seen several controversial forks by now and all of the minority chains still have some value.
So although this statement of mine is true: "You can't have transactions on the original chain be valid/invalid depending on whether the fork activates," coins on the original chain will definitely be valuable/cheap depending on the success of the other chain, and therefore what you propose seems to work as an incentivization scheme. Thanks for describing the details.
@_date: 2017-10-02 01:00:55


To be fair, lots of Core supporters have never used "let the market decide" language. Many of them distrust the market and see it as chaotic, easily manipulable 'mob rule.'
@_date: 2015-04-06 00:33:35
One reason I don't donate to devs is because I don't have time to keep track of which devs are doing what. If there was a process in place that I could trust where I knew if I gave money to a certain place it'd be distributed fairly, I'd be more likely to donate.
@_date: 2017-09-30 23:25:59
I think it's impossible to do what you're describing. You can't have transactions on the original chain be valid/invalid depending on whether the fork activates. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 01:49:38
I addressed what a free market would mean (no block size limit) and the drawbacks / externalities in my post.
You seem to be unclear about what a cartel is. Miners are not acting as a cartel now because they do not coordinate (as far as I can see), and then do not control what other miners do. 
If 75% of hash power decides to limit their block sizes to 250 Kb, then I as an individual miner can still produce 1 MB blocks without being stopped by other miners. Therefore they are not behaving like a cartel. They could behave like a cartel by orphaning my block if they wanted, but they don't appear to be doing this. 
@_date: 2015-09-02 02:29:00
I've stopped posting any top level posts in which mention BIP 100 or the other thing we're not supposed to talk about, because I figure I'll probably get banned. The lack of active censorship may be due to people just assuming they'll be censored and not posting.
@_date: 2017-10-11 01:58:33
The level of dislike/anger between the sides will reduce for a few reasons:
-After the 2x fork, every significant faction will have their own chain (segwit-hating big-blockers, segwit-liking big blockers, and segwit-liking small blockers). This makes it harder for people to blame their problems on another faction that they share a chain with. BCH supporters now have to accept that the market doesn't value their coin very highly, and they can't blame Core.
-Core supporters are learning that forks aren't the end of the world. A lot of their worry has been that chain splits are horrible and threaten to ruin Bitcoin, or that letting the market decide between chain forks is very risky. The experience with ETH/ETC and BTC/BCH has shown that if the new fork is actually worse, it's not that big of a deal. This means the next time someone tries to organize a fork, Core supporters won't feel like they need to spend so much effort telling everyone how evil the forkers are.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:24:20
Some people want both bigger blocks and also SegWit. Neither BCH or BTC satisfies them now.
@_date: 2017-10-01 06:39:15
Presumably they both hope to profit. If people had done this swap during the BCH fork, whoever got all the BTC coins would have almost doubled the value of coins they swapped, which would have been a very sweet deal for them.
I believe the Core folks are trying to prove a broader point: SegWit2x doesn't have full replay protection partly because it's being advertised as a near-certainty to become the real Bitcoin. So, Trace is trying to make Roger admit through his actions that he's actually not that confident that Seg2x will become Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-09 07:23:45
Each Lightning channel is opened between only two entities. So you would open a channel with a hub (let's call it HubCorp), who would either have a channel open to who you wanted to pay, or it'd find a route through other hubs. 
Any funds you have locked up between yourself and HubCorp can only be spent by HubCorp or you (the output requires both of your signatures). So there's no way you could send funds on the channel to HubCorp and also send them to someone else. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 02:05:16
I think providing a way to trade coins on each side of a future fork right now is a really good idea. I didn't dig that deeply into the thread but it sounds like you'd need an arbiter to do this without a soft fork. If it was possible to do this without any 3rd party involvement I'd be interested in taking the BIP 101 side of the bet.
@_date: 2015-09-03 06:30:25
It probably wouldn't be rational to vote for smaller blocks right now. However if Bitcoin had a set of users (like large banks, or NASDAQ) who were willing to pay high fees for their transactions than it could make sense. 
[Here's a simple model]( where a 1 MB block size would result in $5 fees, and an 8 MB block size would result in 1 cent fees. If demand looked like that and miners controlled the block size, they might set the limit at 1 MB (actually in that example they'd more likely set it just below 1.5 MB).
Miners would get $10,000 per block in tx fees if they set the limit at 1 MB. At today's exchange rate, they'd also get $7,000 in block rewards.  At 8 MB, tx fees would only give them $160. So their short term decision is about whether to make $17,000 per block or $7,160.
You argue that moving to 8 MB would make the price higher than staying at 1 MB, but it's not obvious that it would. Maybe speculators would see that big banks were paying $5 per transaction and it'd give them even more confidence that Bitcoin is valuable and will be even more valuable in the future, so price could be higher at 1 MB. The speculators might never have known that big banks would pay such high fees if the block size stayed larger. Or let's say the price would double if miners switched to 8 MB. In that case it's still more profitable for miners to keep blocks at 1 MB.
This is an extreme example, but it shows the general point well.
You're right that it's the marginal miners whose profits are exactly zero. I don't want to dive into how easy or likely it is that large amounts of miners will have long term competitive advantages (but remember that the least profitable 21% of hash power could be the ones voting to reduce the block size) because it's not central to my point.
What I was trying to get across is that if the Bitcoin price doubled, the huge windfall to existing miners would be short term. Overall the mining industry would start spending about 2x as much money as before to capture the extra block reward value. Maybe the best run mining operations would increase their profits, but as a whole the win for miners is less clear cut than miners just making 2x as much money.
@_date: 2015-09-10 19:55:52
It doesn't scale that poorly. The [claims of O(n^2) scaling]( are overblown.
If adoption grows more slowly than technological growth, then scaling via block size increases is no problem.
@_date: 2015-09-09 01:07:42
Jeff Garzik said he had the opportunity to sign the letter but chose not to. I'd bet that Gavin was also given that opportunity before it was published. 
Where do you see that it was claimed that "the core dev team" had all signed it? The article title at bitcoinmagazine saying it was from "the developers" was probably written by an employee of bitcoinmagazine. The petition just says it's from "bitcoin developers", not "the bitcoin developers" as if there aren't others.
@_date: 2015-09-01 20:28:23
The only good reason to keep block sizes small currently is to preserve decentralization. We'll need a fee market in ~10 years or more, but not now. The kind of voting described in BIP 100 allows miners to keep block size small in order to maximize their fees in the short term, even if larger blocks are fine for decentralization. This would be bad for Bitcoin because it hurts growth. 
@_date: 2015-09-01 20:31:30
The problem is that miners voting to keep block sizes low to maximize their short term (1-2 years) profits will hurt growth, which will compromise Bitcoin's long term security. We won't need a fee market for ~10 years and giving miners the power to create one now just slows growth for no real benefit. See the [growth section here](
@_date: 2015-09-01 22:22:52
If block size decreases and demand stayed the same, tx fees would rise. So it's entirely possible for miners to make more revenue with a 2 MB limit as opposed to 50 MB. If tx fees at 2 MB were $1 and they were 1 cent at 50 MB, miners would make more in the short term with the lower limit. Note that fees are paid in real time, so the exchange rate decreasing can be compensated for (unlike with the block reward). It depends on how far the price declines and what % of miner revenue is from fees.
Note that you've chosen an extreme example. It doesn't require a malicious incentive, and the reduction in adoption might not be obvious at first. Suppose miners could get 15 cents per tx with a 2 MB block size, but get 1 cent per tx with an 8 MB block size. Miners can say "we want to keep block size at 2 MB to preserve decentralization -- anyone who wants to use Bitcoin can just pay above 15 cents per tx. It's not that much so it isn't hurting growth." The miners could actually be hurting long term growth a lot, but they're not attacking Bitcoin and the price may stay stable.
If some miners expect that they won't be mining in 3 years, then they might not care about the Bitcoin price after 3 years.
Your argument sounds like "miners won't use this destructive power that I want to give them before they need to (which may be in 10 years), so let's give them the destructive power now." If you agree that miners using this power soon would be bad, why give it to them soon? It introduces an unnecessary risk for no benefit.
@_date: 2015-09-05 02:32:55
The problem with saying that a huge volume of layer 2 / Lightning transactions can secure the network is that the fees for those transactions don't actually go to Bitcoin miners. Unless people start altruistically mining or altruistically donating to miners, Bitcoin's security will depend on fees for transactions on the block chain.
Or do you know of some way for layer 2 fees to pay for additional security?
We will need something like Lightning, but increasing the block size doesn't scale THAT poorly when it comes to paying for security with reasonable fees. 
Each block currently has a reward of about $6000. If that were paid entirely via fees split across 2000 transactions (assuming 1 MB blocks), that'd be $3 per tx. Suppose in 4 years we can handle 32 MB blocks. That's 9 cents per transaction. Suppose 4 years from then we have 128 MB blocks, that's 2 cents per tx. I don't think it's that unreasonable to suppose we can handle 128 MB blocks in 8 years.
@_date: 2015-09-05 07:30:18
You're right, if the on-chain tx fee was really high, then effectively the people using Lightning transactions would be paying this fee in small increments indirectly. So a super high fee / Lightning situation could work.
IMO it'd still be preferable to scale via block size increases if possible, because if on-chain fees were $3, then my Lightning counterparty could make me pay this non-trivial fee by failing to cooperate with me. Also, it'd mean I'd need to tie up maybe $300 at a time on the Lightning network to avoid paying too high of a % in transaction fees.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:45:46
[Here's a reddit thread]( where Mike Hearn, Adam Back, and Greg Maxwell argue about this. 
The main takeaways are:
-Mike and Greg argue about whether the # of full nodes actually needs to scale linearly with users. The O(N^2) analysis assumes that it does. 
Regardless of whether full nodes scale linearly with users, the per-node cost is O(N) either way. IMO that's what matters.
@_date: 2015-09-11 00:51:26
Yes, scale and decentralization are intertwined, which is why I said "If adoption grows more slowly than technological growth..."
If we scale exactly as fast as technology improves, then we don't lose decentralization. Technology improves a lot over time. Compare Internet speeds today to 1995. 
It is true that it would be awesome if Bitcoin became bigger than Visa in 5 years. If that does happen, something like Lightning will be necessary. But there's a good chance that won't happen. 


Depends on how long you wait. 8 GB blocks will not necessarily compromise decentralization in 20 years.
I agree that Lightning is great and we should have it anyway, but it's wrong to claim that we definitely can't scale via block size increases. We don't know. It depends on whether usage grows faster than adoption. 
@_date: 2015-09-08 01:40:19
I agree that if giving miners a way to coordinate within the protocol discourages coordinating outside of the protocol, that can be good. I do think that it'd be even better if miners did not coordinate at all right now. 
So IMO the main question is: how likely are miners to coordinate outside of the protocol if we don't give them an easy way to coordinate within it? It's possible that that miners won't cooperate outside of the protocol for fear that [users would see it as illegitimate and would punish the miners]( either by leaving or by an anti-miner hard fork (which I think is more likely). If so, then BIP 100 makes things worse. If miners would have otherwise coordinated outside the protocol, then something like BIP 100 makes things better.
If miners are actually afraid of punishment by users, then BIP 100 might indirectly allow the economic majority to get the system they want. It's like hooking up a horse to a wagon. The naive objection is "Are you crazy? You're letting the horse determine where you go? The horse's interests are not aligned with yours -- it will just take you both to the nearest pile of hay!", ignoring that there's a person in the wagon with a whip.
IMO we should try to set a strong expectation in the Bitcoin community that if a large fraction of miners ever behaves badly they can expect a change to the PoW function. This does allow an attacker to harm existing miners by temporarily getting a lot of hash power and doing bad things, then forcing everyone's mining hardware to be made worthless, but it seems like that attack doesn't hurt Bitcoin users that much aside from harm stemming from whatever short term bad things the attacker engaged in.
@_date: 2015-09-01 23:00:44
Have we actually seen 51% of miners engage in cartel-like behavior yet? I can't think of an instance of it, and I believe it is mostly because they fear backlash from the community. 
Imagine we had a hard fork that started the max block size at 4 or 8 MB and had it grow to 32 MB over ~5 years with a hard limit and no voting. Suppose the community expressed explicit support for the ideas that a colluding mining majority would be punished with a change to the PoW, and that it was not appropriate to force a fee market so early in Bitcoin's life. In that case I'd guess there would be less than a 5% chance of a mining cartel forming within 5 years to keep block sizes low.
With BIP 100, I'd guess there would be about a 40% chance over the next 5 years that miners would collude to keep block sizes low because they thought it was in their financial interests.
@_date: 2015-09-02 19:54:48


He can not force anyone to run his modified version. Only people who freely choose to run it will run it. Seems pretty different from a dictatorship.
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:12:03
Trust isn't binary. 
Should we similarly never donate to a charity, because there's no way to keep the charity from misusing our money? Reputations exist.
@_date: 2015-09-03 21:27:51
This neglects that miners will follow user demand. If there is a fork with large blocks, and users overwhelmingly want coins on the large block fork, then the exchange rate will be high on that fork and miners will spend an amount roughly equal to the value of those mining rewards to secure the new fork.
It is possible that even after seeing signs of strong user demand for bigger blocks, miners will not want to vote to activate the fork in the first place. If this happens, users can force a hard fork that allows larger blocks after a certain time without requiring miner votes.
@_date: 2016-10-24 22:31:41


Agree it's a bad default. The core of the BU philosophy that appeals to a lot of people is about giving users the freedom to decide what consensus rules they want to enforce. This is the same freedom that developers have, because they can always modify their node's code to do anything they want. In most cases it's unwise for either devs or users to start enforcing different consensus rules than the rest of the network, but BU at least wants to make it easy for users to do, if they want to.
Unfortunately, it seems like a lot of people in the BU community are overly attached to a specific set of configuration options, based on their own theory (which I think is wrong) about how a schelling point for block size will be reached.
@_date: 2016-10-24 20:46:33


This isn't true. The economic majority exerts its influence by demanding coins on a particular chain. You don't need to be running a full node to do this. For instance, let's say I think Ethereum Classic (ETC) is going to be very valuable  in the future, so I want to buy $100,000 worth of it. My purchase puts upward pressure on the ETC price, rewarding miners who mine on that chain, and increasing that chain's health. 
You might say "but if you're not running a full node, you can't be 100% certain that you're buying coins on the correct chain!" It's possible you could be tricked, but if you really wanted to buy some ETC without running a full node, what do you think the probability is that you'd end up buying coins on the wrong chain?
@_date: 2015-09-08 03:38:47
I'll put it on my list of things to add, although I can't guarantee I'll get to it any time soon because of its lack of popularity (it seems like Adam is the only one who advocates for it). I haven't studied it in depth yet so currently don't have thoughts on it.
@_date: 2016-10-15 05:18:26
Luke is assuming that if the chain splits, the hardfork has "failed." Many people dispute this and think that it's possible for a currency to successfully split into two currencies. For instance if a currency's users are divided between incompatible visions (that they care a lot about) for the future of the currency.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:34:33
The big-O growth rate depends on your assumptions about how many transactions people will send. If the # of transactions is bounded above by a constant, you get O(n), if the # of transactions is linear in the # of users (unlikely, as Gavin points out), you get O(n^2). 
@_date: 2015-09-09 20:11:21
Pretty much, but I wouldn't call them "fake" transactions, just unpublished.
Also, cheating in this case is not really trying to double spend. Instead you cheat by trying to publish an old transaction instead of the latest one. Lightning is designed in such a way that if anyone ever tries to do this, the other person can punish them by taking all the funds on the channel.
@_date: 2016-10-13 20:45:55


This might be true of the guy you're replying to, but there are a lot of people in favor of a hard fork who that doesn't apply to. Increasing the block size involves a tradeoff, but at some point technology has advanced to a point where the risk is so small that it's worth it. 
For example, Adam Back proposed a 2-4-8 hard fork plan, and I'm pretty sure Adam cares a lot about decentralization just like I do.
@_date: 2016-10-20 19:40:05


As someone who holds bitcoin, I can tell you that I hold it for both reasons: I think there's some chance it will be widely used as money in the future, and I think there's some chance it will function almost entirely as a digital store of value. Even if I knew it would not function as money, I'd still hold some based on speculation it could survive as a store of value. 
The problem with your argument is that it can only be correct if investors reach the same conclusions you do. So your theory about the necessary conditions for a successful store of value critically depends on you having a correct understanding of investor psychology. Maybe you do, but our understanding of psychology seems uncertain enough that you should also be somewhat uncertain of your theory.
You're basically claiming that I'm a rare exception among investors.
@_date: 2016-10-24 22:25:03
Yes, you can fork right now, however many Core devs and Core supporters will then loudly argue that you're doing something illegitimate/immoral.
@_date: 2016-10-16 19:30:47
"Forced soft forks" are a cool idea, but I think the author dismisses forks with multiple surviving chains too quickly.
Yes, the Ethereum fork was messy, mostly because it was not planned well, and people were confused about it (partly because it was the first persistent chain split of a major cryptocurrency). 
Forks could be much more smooth if we had better forking infrastructure.
Imagine this scenario: the protocol is updated to include a way for hard forks to identify themselves and there are standard ways of signaling that a hard fork is about to happen. All wallets contain support for hard forks, and prompt the user to make a conscious choice about which fork they want to use. Wallets also allow switching back and forth between forks for advanced users. Replay attacks are impossible because of the improved way that hard forks are done.
If this were the case, hard forks would still have a cost (people would have to think about the forks to some degree, and they'd hurt the network effect of each side to some degree), but the costs would be much less than they were with the Ethereum fork.
@_date: 2016-10-25 07:29:22


If it's really the one favored by users, yes. 
A key part of this analysis is that when there is pent up user demand for something that a bunch of bit gatekeepers aren't fulfilling, there is a huge incentive for someone to step in and fulfill user demand. You saw this with Ethereum. At first none of the big exchanges were supporting ETC because the Ethereum Foundation assured them no one would care about it. Then it became apparent that users did want to trade ETC because the buy orders piled up on some janky decentralized exchange, then a big exchange listed it and made lots of money because all the action migrated there. The exchanges which refused to list ETC lost out because the market routed around them. 
If users want to use coin X, then businesses are going to cater to them. If a bunch of businesses join together in some conspiracy to suppress coin X for some reason, then they're leaving themselves open to have their customers taken from them.
@_date: 2016-10-20 19:51:23
Here's an analogy which I think captures this issue with your argument:
Imagine someone says that a public market can only survive if the location of the market has some special property that makes it good for being a market. Like maybe it's centrally located, or surrounded by trees and therefore shielded from the wind, etc.
Now imagine that some king of a city at some point arbitrarily picked some random land and decreed that it be the public market location. The area didn't have any really good properties for being a market. However because the king decreed it, that's where the market was. People built up some infrastructure for the market, people got used to going there for the market, etc. Now imagine after 50 years of this, the king is replaced by a new king who doesn't particularly care where the market is. 
I argue that the existing market might have enough momentum that it could remain as the marketplace, even if there is some land somewhere that is technically better for a market. Your argument seems to be that the market location would eventually change because there's no inherent benefit to the market's location aside from the fact that it's the existing schelling point.
I agree with you that the market location would be more stable if it were actually centrally located, and it's **possible** that the market location would eventually change, but I don't agree that the market location necessarily **will** change despite its current network effect.
@_date: 2015-09-08 03:16:23


Good point.


It seems like the costliness of this comes almost entirely from the drama and uncertainty involved. Imagine that we knew 97% of users were strongly in favor of a PoW change and would go with the different-PoW fork. So someone codes up a modified version of Bitcoin Core to use different PoW and sets the switch over time to 2 months in the future. Users and non-mining businesses just need to upgrade their software. It seems like in that case the pain would be almost entirely focused on miners.


had [a cool idea]( of allowing coins to be traded on each side of a fork before a split happened. I think it needs a soft fork to be trustless, but this would likely do a really good job of clarifying what actual demand is for each side of a potential fork before it happened. It would be possible for people to fake demand by buying up lots of coins on the old-PoW fork, but it would be very costly for them to do so and probably ineffective. Robin Hanson has [done some work]( on manipulation of prediction markets actually increasing their accuracy. The reason is that if others suspect someone is trying to manipulate the market, it's telling them "hey, someone is giving away their money over here" so it draws more people in to take the other side of the bet.


I think you're right that they won't lead the effort, just like they haven't lead the block size increase stuff (unless they're doing so secretly behind the scenes). You have people like Pieter, Gavin, and Jeff making proposals as part of their role of well known Bitcoin community members who are trying to do what they think is best for Bitcoin, then you have users supporting their favorite proposal. I do think exchanges will follow what their users want, since exchanges who do so will win market share from those who don't.
@_date: 2015-09-02 22:41:46
He can't force you to upgrade to his new changes. The user always has control over which software they run. Mike being the dictator if the XT project doesn't make him dictator of the Bitcoin network.
I could start running an XT node now, then Mike could add a bunch of lame stuff to XT and release a new version, and I could either not upgrade to the new version or I could switch to someone else's fork at that time. 
@_date: 2015-09-02 00:26:08
There are situations where it is in a miner's rational interest to vote for higher fees now. If the consequences mostly accrue in the very long term (after 10 years), and they figure they likely won't even be mining then, then they won't care about those consequences. The effect of their decisions on growth can be subtle.
Note also that miners don't necessarily make more money with a higher block reward except in the short term. A higher block reward results in more money being spent to claim that reward. There is free entry into the mining market, so long term profits are zero.
I still don't understand what benefit you think there is in giving miners a power right now that you agree would be bad if it was used. The alternative of not giving them that power now seems better in every way. Even if there's only a 2% chance that they'll harm Bitcoin with their power, why take the risk?
@_date: 2016-10-16 06:30:01
Your post would be a lot more understandable if you edited it to explain the "BIP 109 flag" and "false flagging" a bit more. 
@_date: 2016-10-25 07:22:58
Some very influential people do regard it as unethical. For instance: 
"...changing the system in ways detrimental to their interest out from under a substantial minority of users is a taking, that its unethical, and that it undermines the primary value proposition of the system, even for the majority...." --gmaxwell in Bitcoin wizards.
@_date: 2016-10-15 06:04:28
That's one way to define "hard fork", where it means there must only be one chain, but I don't think that's how most people use the term. 
By your definition, "a hard fork leading to a persistent chain split" would not even make sense as a concept.
@_date: 2016-10-13 20:37:54


"New users wouldn't really even need the Bitcoin software.  They could download a miner, create an account on mtgox or mybitcoin, enter their deposit address into the miner and point it at anyone's pool server.  When the miner says it found something, a while later a few coins show up in their account." -- Satoshi ([original link](
He might not have anticipated them in 2009/2008, but he was talking about pools in 2010 and he didn't seem that concerned about them.
@_date: 2016-10-24 07:14:30
The author is missing something about the economic majority: unlike with mining, there are not 'returns to scale' when it comes to economic power. So if 30% of the wealth prefer fork A over fork B, it doesn't matter how centralized big companies are, they won't be able to kill fork A.
@_date: 2015-11-12 06:39:46
So if we elect identified people to mine blocks for us, how do we decide who is elected? We can't use PoW or we'll run into the same problem we're trying to solve. Likely James envisions voting based on Bitcoin holdings. So he's essentially endorsing delegated proof of stake. 
IMO the weakest part of James' argument is his hunch that changing the PoW would be extremely hard. IMO if the majority of hash power started doing obviously bad stuff, Bitcoin users would quickly converge on a new PoW algorithm and nothing could really stop them from changing it. James should elaborate more on why he thinks this would be so hard. (Or if he has, can someone link to his argument?)
@_date: 2016-10-27 03:11:18
Yes. Not everyone who wants a short term block size increase wants to scale to VISA/Amazon levels on chain. The reasonable case for a block size increase (with fixed quadratic sig hashing) is about using the current capabilities of technology to buy a little bit of time until Lightning is fully functional. (Lightning will eventually require a hard fork to larger blocks anyway).
@_date: 2015-09-01 22:33:07
51% can do whatever they want now by oprhaning blocks, but this requires some coordination outside of the protocol and would probably be seen by most users as not playing fair. Such a mining cartel would likely fear retaliation from users (the most extreme case being a change to the PoW function, destroying the value of their mining hardware).
The problem with BIP 100 is that it gives miners a super easy way to collude (without going outside of the protocol) that is being legitimized by the community. This will likely result in more collusion. 
I do think something like BIP 100 would be good when we actually need a fee market. The concept is very general, so you can require X% of miners permission for an increase and Y% for a decrease (as long as X + Y &gt;= 100). However miners probably won't need this power for at least 10 years so there's no good reason to give it to them now.
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:24:20


Can you give an example of some *decentralized* things that this happened to?
@_date: 2015-11-06 21:48:03


Just want to note that using an insulting term for someone is not an ad hominem fallacy unless the argument is intended to rely on the insult. 
For instance "your argument is wrong because of X, Y, Z, you dumb bastard" is rude but not an ad hominem fallacy. See 
@_date: 2016-10-12 15:24:56


I think your claim that big-block advocates don't really care about scaling is unfair. Blocking segwit is a game theoretic strategy to try to force a more favorable outcome which in the long run people hope will lead to larger blocks. 
Many people believe that if they accept segwit, Core will never agree to another block size increase. So blocking segwit gives them leverage to negotiate a better outcome.
@_date: 2016-10-12 16:08:05
How could it not be true, though? If 99% of current Bitcoin users migrate to a different network with different rules, there is no math or cryptography that can protect you from their decision to do that. The viability of Bitcoin as a digital cash/gold must rest entirely on people's choice to use it.
I don't share your bleak assessment, because although Bitcoin is "political" in this sense, its a very different kind of political situation than with traditional political currencies like fiat.
With Bitcoin, individual users have an incentive to use the network that they think will be most valuable in the future, and there are objective properties of currencies (like censorship resistance, privacy, limited supply) that we'd expect to make them more valuable. So IMO there's a good chance that a currency with those properties will survive.
In contrast, the kind of politics that governs fiat allows a small group of people to make decisions that benefit themselves and their friends and harm the vast majority of currency holders. It's a totally different type of political situation. So we shouldn't think "fiat is political and it sucks, therefore if Bitcoin is political it must suck too."
@_date: 2015-11-08 10:31:27
Bram's solution for handling tx fees is needlessly slow and complex, because he doesn't take into account the implications of a fee market existing.
**The "miners fill their own blocks with fake high fee txns" attack doesn't work**
The obvious solution is for wallets to estimate fees based on txns in previous blocks. Bram dismisses this because he thinks it suffers from an attack: miners could at some point send txns to themselves with high fees. This would result in a block in which all txns pay high fees, then users would think "Gee, it looks like I need to pay a high fee to get my tx confirmed. OK then." So users start paying high fees, which makes future blocks full of high fee transactions, which means users will continue to pay high fees indefinitely.
The problem is that this won't work when a fee market exists, because in that case the marginal user is already paying the highest fee that they're willing to pay to get into a block. As soon as miners stop making fake transactions to themselves with high fees, the marginal transactions in blocks will again have fees as low as before the miner's scheme, which will signal to everyone else that they can lower their fees again.
**The "miners lying to SPV nodes about the mempool" attack won't work**
Bram also exaggerates the ease of attacking solutions that rely on mempool information. SPV nodes would have to ask full nodes for mempool information, and Bram is worried that miners could just spin up a bunch of full nodes and lie to SPV clients about the necessary fees.
The problem with this attack is that SPV clients can ask for info from full nodes when they aren't actually sending a transaction, so they can learn which full nodes are trustworthy. Wallet software will usually be online for a long time, and it can collect a lot of data about whether it's getting trustworthy info from full nodes. If a full node tells an SPV wallet that it needs to pay $1 in fees, and then the SPV wallet sees the next block full of txns that pay much lower fees, the SPV wallet will know not to trust that full node. SPV nodes will also know roughly in what range fees should be by looking at previous blocks, so it'll know that it should be wary any time a full node claims tx fees should be much higher than ones it has just seen in blocks.
The attacks Bram thinks makes his slow and complex solution necessary wouldn't actually work. Wallets will be able to estimate fees just fine by looking at some combination of txns in previous blocks and the mempool.
@_date: 2016-10-25 08:32:14
It can be done in a dickish way, but I don't think it's always necessarily a dick move. What if a large amount of the current Bitcoin community are fully informed and genuinely prefer to use a network with slightly different rules? People should be free to use whichever networks they want, no? 
The objection is "fine, move to another network, but don't call it Bitcoin." The issue here is that things have names to allow us to communicate about them and think about them effectively. If keeping the name causes more confusion/deception then it prevents, then sure changing the name would be the nice thing to do. 
However the new group keeping the name 'bitcoin' may actually result in less confusion and less deception. If the new fork changes its name to Foocoin, most people who hear about 'Foocoin' won't have any idea how closely related to the original network it is, or that it shares the same ledger until the fork, etc. Maybe if they were fully informed of all the details, the vast majority of people would prefer the new fork and regard it as Bitcoin and think that it was totally reasonable not to discard its name over such a minor change.  
IMO the appropriateness of changing the name must be tied back to the confusion caused in either scenario. 
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:36:48


It might be OK, depending on how technological growth compares with adoption. 
@_date: 2017-05-08 08:22:58
OK, so the point is that we want to know about the reference class "things with a basic decentralized structure, which become centralized to a degree." We're curious the likelihood of those things being destroyed changes with their popularity and centralization. I don't think we have good examples of such things ever being destroyed, since they're so new. 
IMO, completely centralized things being destroyed doesn't give us much info.
@_date: 2016-05-02 07:38:27
Not exactly. He showed that Satoshi signed a specific piece of text, but he didn't show very conclusively that he was in control of the relevant private key. He could do that by signing a new piece of text that was given to him.
@_date: 2016-10-12 15:19:39


As long as Bitcoin depends on its network effect for its value, it will be "political." Bitcoin's network effect depends on humans choosing to use the network vs. some other network (possibly very similar to Bitcoin and called "Bitcoin" by its users). 
These human choices will always be influencable by persuasion/politics. 
@_date: 2016-10-24 22:23:24
A prediction market (PM) on the future price of coins is actually grounded in objective effects. It is trying to predict the demand for coins on a given chain, which is about how useful people will think the chain is as digital gold / currency / a settlement network / whatever else they find it useful for.
I think your objection is based on imagining a PM setup that would never occur.
The PM would not be set up to predict "which fork will have a higher price on this PM at time T?". 
The PM could be predicting something like "if fork_new has more work than fork_old on Jan 1st 2018, the price of tokens on fork_new will be above $1000" vs "if fork_old has more work than fork_new on Jan 1st 2018, the price of tokens on fork_old will be above $1000." If the "if" condition of either bet is not true, then the bets are canceled and everyone gets their money back. This allows the PM to compare the outcomes conditional on each fork winning, and avoids issues with creating a self fulfilling prophecy.
Paging for his thoughts on whether I've identified the crux of the misunderstanding. 
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:08:01
Hodlers are a type of user. Users are important to the degree that they contribute to the demand curve for coins on a given chain. An active sender of transactions might contribute to demand more than a small hodler.
@_date: 2015-10-14 01:39:56
Getting caught up in AML isn't a binary thing. There's a certain probability p1 that Coinbase will cancel your account and notify the government if you transfer funds to them directly from a dark market, and there's another probability p2 that they'll do the same if you first use JoinMarket a couple times. Are you claiming that p1 &lt;= p2?
Also, even if the government doesn't believe you bought the bitcoins in 2010 with cash and even if you have to lie and say that the wallet you used was on an old computer that you threw away so you no longer have the private keys, your risk of suffering consequences from the government if you transfer drug money directly from the dark market to Coinbase is higher than if you use the Bitcoins from 2010 story. In the later case there's a lot more plausible deniability. 
@_date: 2015-10-11 20:24:45
I don't think the "because its new" and "because they don't understand it" get at the real issue. Bitcoin is disliked much more than we'd expect from those two reasons. 
IMO there are two main factors
* People on the political left often dislike Bitcoin because it removes power from the state, and they see it as something that libertarians like. For an example of that, see [here](
* Although lots of people are fans of tech and the Silicon Valley culture, there's also lots of people who think that tech people don't deserve the status they're getting recently. The negative pieces about tech in Gawker (and formerly Valleywag) and the comments on those articles are good examples of people wanting to slap down tech people. They think tech people who think they can change fundamental things about society have too much hubris and need to be put in their place.
@_date: 2015-10-11 21:06:42
Has anyone with a lot of legal knowledge written about whether participating as a CoinJoin "maker" puts you at risk of violating anti-money-laundering laws? Obviously you would argue that you're just trying to increase privacy, but the authorities would argue that you're providing a service to help people launder money.
If so, it'd suggest that makers should try to conceal their identities. 
@_date: 2017-07-26 07:33:17


I'm not proposing any protocol changes. I'm just saying that when someone says "look, tx fees are cheap now because the satoshis/byte is low!" we should realize that they're not measuring fees properly.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:04:38


I've seen Mike repeatedly make arguments like this. He ignores that this is a tragedy of the commons situation. Of course, if all miners act in their short term interest then all miners are worse off. However an individual miner's decision doesn't determine what all the other miners will do. 
Mike's argument here is analogous to the argument that you shouldn't litter because if everyone littered, there would be a lot of trash everywhere. That's true but irrelevant. The total amount of littering going on will be almost identical regardless of whether I litter. 
Similarly, whether a miner joins an antisocial pool or a pool that acts in Bitcoin's long term interest has a negligible effect on whether Bitcoin survives. So a purely rational miner will pick the antisocial pool. 
@_date: 2015-10-19 00:31:12
The Winkelvii are not big enough players for Mark to think of them as enemies. At best they were a minor annoyance who he no longer really thinks about.
Probably the main reason is that Facebook is trying to break into China and take over that market, but Mark is being blocked by the Chinese government. Mark cares so much about this that he learned to speak Chinese so that he'd be accepted in China. The Chinese government is not especially friendly to Bitcoin, so Mark embracing Bitcoin would be bad for his China strategy. 
There's a similar situation with Russia and other governments -- Bitcoin is controversial and Mark needs to appear as non-threatening as possible in order to increase FB's global dominance of social media.
@_date: 2015-10-07 03:27:18


You are continuing to equivocate between being a dictator of of software, and a dictator of the Bitcoin network.


Yet your argument relies on you equivocating between Hearn being dictator of XT (which we both agree is true), and him being dictator of Bitcoin (which you admit is obviously false). You've failed to explain how Hearn being dictator of some software that he can't force anyone to use is so horrible. 


Nowhere did I claim that users always win against corporations and owners in general. You don't seem to understand how the argument applies narrowly to cryptocurrencies because of their unique features.


You don't seem to understand my argument at all. It's as if you still haven't read the link, but just scanned it for buzzwords and then lashed out. 
If you'd like me to continue this conversation, explain in detail how the link argues that users could take back power from corporations, starting from a position where the block size was so large that only huge corporations could run full nodes. 
Btw, note how emotional you are in this entire exchange. You seem to be trying to win the argument at all costs without actually understanding what you're arguing against -- a common feature of [motivated reasoning](
@_date: 2017-05-07 23:29:29


It would not be stupid in most cases. I have pretty high confidence that you don't control the mining majority. 


Let's say a miner includes a transaction without proper signatures, sending me 100,000 bitcoins. I'm not running a full node, so I send him equivalent value after ~30 confirmations. What running full nodes allows is this: other users will see that the mining majority has started including invalid transactions. They'll possibly do a PoW-changing HF. That transaction to me will be reversed eventually. I'll lose 100,000 bitcoins worth of value, but miners will also lose tremendous value. Which means they probably wouldn't have tried that in the first place. In this case, security is increased by users verifying transactions with full nodes. The fact that a reasonable number of people are running full nodes is important. Me specifically running one is less so.
@_date: 2016-05-02 08:30:28
It's also possible that Wright isn't Satoshi and he was able to trick Gavin.
@_date: 2015-10-01 06:30:55
You are correct that I misread the IRC logs. I'll edit my post with corrections.
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:22:05


This is false. Here is Satoshi talking explicitly about mining pools in 2010:


Source: 
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:55:05
Your disagreement is based on the difference between Hearn controlling XT's implementation of libconsensus, vs. Hearn controlling the actual version of libconsensus used by the Bitcoin network. 
XT supporters are OK with the former, not the later. They believe that if Hearn makes a libconsensus change that the economic majority doesn't like, they won't update to that version, or they'll switch to a competing implementation. 
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:20:23


If they do change the PoW, then according to your definition of altcoins, the new network will become an altcoin unless there's unanimous consensus for the change, right? 
In that case, what do you think the new altcoin should be called?
@_date: 2017-05-08 20:11:20
in case you didn't see this.
@_date: 2015-10-06 22:12:59


If a million people have $200 on the sidechain, that's still $200,000,000 that's less secure that it'd otherwise be and it's still $200,000,000 worth of loss if it gets stolen, just as if it had been stolen from a single company.
This thread is getting off topic. The debate was about whether Mike can act as a dictator, yet you've steered it in other directions now. Do you now agree that Mike can't actually act as a dictator, and it's up to all miners and full nodes whether to adopt any change that Mike proposes?


...unless you do an anti-miner fork, which isn't that hard if you have user consensus for it. See the link I gave earlier.


Did you not read the link I gave?


Please carefully re-read the link I sent above. It explains this. Here's a slightly prettier version but this site might be down occasionally: 
@_date: 2017-05-22 08:58:38
I think the part that says "as the need and the will arises" confuses a lot of people, because it could mean almost anything. People might never be in favor of a hard fork even under extreme circumstances, because their definition of "need" isn't technically met. 
We have no idea what sort of conditions would cause the signatories of that scaling plan to actually support a block size increasing hard fork.
@_date: 2015-11-06 21:59:34
Trying to read an AMA on your new forum is painful compared to Reddit. I can't see which questions are the highest quality because they don't get upvoted to the top, and I can't easily find the replies by the person doing the AMA without scrolling through all the posts. IMO you should create a new subreddit and host your AMAs there.
@_date: 2017-05-21 10:17:01
It all comes down to how much of the economy agrees with your new definition of validity, and if you're happy with whatever % of the economy does agree. 
@_date: 2016-05-06 00:16:34
I think Gwern estimated the probability of Wright being Satoshi over 90% back in December. He made a later statement on IRC (before the recent news) saying he was down to 50/50.
@_date: 2015-10-05 22:52:31


The point is that Mike can't force anyone to run his next version of XT where he changes the consensus code, even if he is dictator of the XT project. 
It's up to everyone to decide whether they want to upgrade to new consensus code, whether to stick to the current version, or whether to switch back to Core or another implementation. Consensus is determined by the aggregate of individuals making their own decisions, and Mike can't change that no matter which github repos he controls.


Are you saying that we shouldn't allow miners and users to choose between different full node implementations because you think they're too dumb?
@_date: 2016-05-02 09:54:08
Gavin has some reasons to be biased about this.
@_date: 2015-10-06 04:33:24


With the current design, sidechains have weaker security. 


The situation with oil is not analogous. There is nothing similar to "forking the chain" that gas customers could do for oil. The reason that oil is so valuable is because of its physical properties, not because customers formed a consensus to treat oil as valuable. 
@_date: 2015-03-08 19:36:48
My biggest problem is that there is no financial incentive to use Bitcoin for "normal" purchases. Not enough merchants who accept BTC give discounts for using BTC. If I use my credit card, I get 2% cash back. If I use BTC, I pay an extra 1% to convert my dollars to BTC. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:16:35


What determines your rate of finding a block is how much of the total hash power you have. If 1,000,000 people are mining each with equal hashpower, then they'll each find on average one in every million blocks (or, one block every 19 years). It doesn't matter if they're using CPUs are ASICs. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:08:55
Thanks for the detailed merchant POV. If chargebacks are negligible, then I guess the best the merchant could do to break even would be to give a 2% discount, which would just barely make the customer indifferent to using BTC vs. credit card. And this would be workable if they only accepted BTC online.


But how much of that is because consumers must choose to lose money if they pay with BTC instead of credit cards? Why do you think BTC sales would not rise if consumers stopped losing money for using BTC?


I think to become mainstream, both merchants and consumers have to see a benefit. Right now there is a benefit for merchants (if consumers would actually use it). They get to save 2% in fees. Right now there is no benefit for consumers: they actually lose 2% in opportunity cost when they fail to use their credit cards. So no users want to use BTC, so merchants are less willing to add it because there's no demand, and Bitcoin fails to gain adoption.
Maybe I am wrong in assuming that most consumers get 2% cash back on their credit cards. If the average was closer to 1%, then there would be room for both (online) merchants and consumers to benefit. Merchants could give a 1.5% discount for using Bitcoin. They'd be saving 0.5% on their fees, and many consumers would get 0.5% more than if they used their credit card.
@_date: 2015-10-01 05:26:55
If you look at the full logs (which you can't see from that link), you'll see this shortly after Wlad banned Mike:
* ChanServ removes channel operator status from wumpus
* ChanServ gives channel operator status to jgarzik
* jgarzik removes ban on *!*
* wumpus (~quassel has left
* sipa (~pw has left
* gmaxwell (greg has left
So it looks like Jeff ~~took mod privilages away from Wlad,~~(no evidence of this) unbanned Mike, then Wlad, Pieter, and Greg all left  immediately afterward.
Perhaps the start of a fork of the  IRC channel?
@_date: 2015-02-18 01:58:38
The point is to keep some of it for themselves. If the savings is above 3% in the example I gave, then both the merchant and consumer could benefit. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 19:35:16
Check out their presentation from a few weeks ago at the MIT Bitcoin expo. It looks like they've figured out all the technical issues* and are now starting to implement it: 
*It still requires a one-time initialization, but if N people participate in the initialization, only one of those people has to be honest for the coin to be secure.
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:04:59
Depends. If I'm buying from a company that I buy from often and trust, I'd prefer an extra 0.5% rather than retaining the ability to do a chargeback.
@_date: 2016-05-06 22:05:03


Although it may have not been a bad name at the time when everyone was a happy family, I think the "Bitcoin Core" name subtlety brings in a connotation of authority that comes from the "core developer" term that existed before "Bitcoin Core" became a thing. As I understand it, a "core developer" was one of the most important and active developers of the protocol and of Bitcoin QT. A "Core developer" now also refers to a developer working on the Core project. Yet now that former "core developers" (Gavin, Jeff) have split off to XT/Classic, saying "all the Core developers agree with X" brings to mind that all the most important developers agree with X. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 03:05:34
I believe Bitpay or Coinbase charge merchants around 1% to convert BTC to USD, and they do the conversion instantly so the merchant is not exposed to any fluctuation risks. So because credit cards charge 3%, merchants are saving 2% by using Bitpay or Coinbase. But they're also saving more, because accepting BTC eliminates the chargeback risk of credit cards. 
The only good explanation I can think of for why more merchants don't give BTC discounts is that chargeback risk is actually really small, and they feel like a 2% discount is not enough to motivate people. 
I personally would not buy with BTC for only a 2% discount, because my credit card already gives me 2% in rewards, and I'd need to pay about 1% to convert cash into BTC.
 
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:00:13
Because Coinbase converts BTC into USD instantly on behalf of the merchant, the instant they receive payment.
@_date: 2015-10-06 02:59:31


...which would only have gone into effect if miners and full nodes voluntarily adopted his changes. 


If users decided they preferred a fork with less expensive costs to run a full node, they could (a) run a forked full node, and (b) demand coins on that fork. See  (This is from bitcoindebates.miraheze.org but the host is offline now). If users were always opposed to super expensive costs to run a full node, then they could have blocked full node expenses from rising from the start.


See the link above. Users (including investors) ultimately control demand, which determines which forks are successful. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 07:00:20
Have you considered offering a discount for goods bought with BTC?
I've heard credit card fees take 3% of your revenue. What % of revenue do you lose to chargebacks? If merchants gave me a 5% discount to buy with Bitcoin, I would. I'm really curious about the economics from a merchant's perspective and why more merchants don't discount their goods to pass along some savings to the customer and give them a reason to spend their BTC.
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:24:19
That's a good point about the work that the merchant has to do on their site to apply the discount. That suggests that Bitpay or Coinbase may be able to offer this service on their end. Merchants would be able to just specify the amount of BTC discount they want to give, then Bitpay/Coinbase would just say "oh, the consumer wants to buy something for $20 and the merchant has set their discount rate at 5%, so we'll charge the user $19."
My guess is that the accounting/auditing hassle is a lot less than the "software to make discounts work" hassle.
@_date: 2017-05-08 08:19:40


They could do this, but they'd need to really own the Bitcoins used to double spend. This limits the scope of their scheme.


It would only be rather silly BECAUSE signature verification would allow users to thwart it. Initially you claimed that txn verification is "highly irrelevant."
I do agree with you that its importance is overstated when it comes to an individual running a full node, and I agree that miners could do a lot of damage without fake transactions. My claim is that the fact that some people who are willing to call out the miners are running full nodes is actually useful and constrains the schemes of miners by a non-negligible amount.
@_date: 2016-07-03 21:08:00
Depends on how cheaply you're willing to live. If we assume that you can live indefinitely on savings without depleting it at 4% per year after inflation, that's $40k per year. You won't be wealthy, but it's manageable depending on where you live. 
@_date: 2016-07-27 10:58:48
Interesting, thanks. 
I see a few potential types of property rights violation: 
(1) When someone is pressured to move to a new fork because everyone else is moving, and that person knows that the value of the old fork will fade away, so they reluctantly move to the new fork. Is this person having their property rights violated? To think so, you need to think they have some sort of right to compel people to use their preferred fork. When you invest in a cryptocurrency, you're making a bet that people will value it in the future, but if they decide not to they haven't wronged you.
(2) The idea that the forkers are trying to hijack the value of the old chain, and move it over to the new chain. If everyone moving over is making a fully informed choice this doesn't make sense as described above. However if a cryptocurrency has a large % of users who are uninformed and just go along with the default / what everyone else is doing, then you could view a hard fork attempt as the informed forkers trying to 'steal' these uninformed users from the informed non-forkers. The non-forkers see themselves as having done a bunch of work to attract the uninformed masses to their coin, and they see the forkers as trying to use trickery to capture these users. This is a property rights violation if the non-forkers are seen as having a right to keep the uninformed masses using their coin. As if the two factions are shepherds and the masses are their sheep. This view denies the agency of users and treats them as property of the two factions.
(3) Same as  but the person whose property rights are being violated is claimed to be the uninformed guy tricked into switching, rather than the non-forker who has his user stolen from him. This seems like the most plausible of any of the claims. It's definitely shady for a group to mislead users into joining their coin when those users wouldn't join if they were fully informed. However I think the tactics used would have to be pretty extreme for this to count as a property rights violation. The users must bear some responsibility for evaluating the decision to switch.
@_date: 2017-07-26 08:15:09
I'm using this comment to reply to Jameson's tweets, since the issues are too complex to have a twitter discussion about:
Tweet 


The current Bitcoin transaction fees are determined by the marginal person who chooses not to send a transaction with a fee high enough to get into a block (or someone who sends a tx with a lower fee and hopes for the best), because these are the people that those who end up paying fees have to compete against. Just because there are a lot of people who are willing to pay fees much higher than the current level, and who don't spend time analyzing current fee levels, doesn't mean that people who are sensitive to fees are not determining the fee levels. "Thinking at the margin" is one of the foundations of basic economic analysis which most non-economists find non-intuitive. The "marginal user" who is sensitive to fees determines fee levels. 
 
Tweet  


Miners price fees in satoshis because they are only trying to decide which transactions should go into a block at a particular instant in time. There is no point in converting to USD because the exchange rate is the same for every transaction that occurs simultaneously. A tx paying a higher satoshi per byte at time t is also paying a higher USD per byte at time t and vice versa. 
This is very different from the question BitGo is asking with their "fee floor sanity check." BitGo wants to compare transactions across time, where the exchange rate for different transactions is different for different transactions. BitGo wonders "does this transaction at time t have an unusually low/high fee compared to transactions at time t-x?" To answer that question accurately, you absolutely want exchange rate information. 
BitGo's current sanity checking code which (presumably) doesn't take into account exchange rates might work OK as long as the BTC price doesn't change that much, but it will require more manual adjustment than code which took into account the exchange rate. Whether improving this sanity check is worth the engineering effort is another question.
I also asked what would happen to fees in a hypothetical where BTC price increases 10x and tx demand stayed the same.
Tweet  


The current fee level is where the demand curve intersects the 1 MB supply limit. As long as more transactions would be processed if the 1 MB limit was increased, we can say that demand is "greater than the current capacity." In my hypothetical I specified that demand stayed the same, so we can assume it continues to be "greater than the current capacity". That "fees would fall to 1/10 of what they were in satoshis/byte" is almost a tautological consequence of this hypothetical. But the aim is to stimulate you to think about why a price increase would necessarily result in a proportional increase in tx demand, because that's the only way that fees in satoshis/byte would be held constant.
@_date: 2017-05-07 22:58:27
People who like receiving money.
@_date: 2015-10-14 01:14:54


Here's the scenario: I sell some drugs on an underground marketplace and get Bitcoin. I know if I deposit directly from the underground marketplace into Coinbase, Coinbase might deactivate my account and alert the government, because they are forced to by AML laws. So I first use JoinMarket to do several CoinJoins with the funds from the drug sales, then I deposit the bitcoins into Coinbase, cash out to my checking account, and all is well. Maybe the government later asks me where I got the coins and I tell them I bought them in 2010 for cash for super cheap, and I even pay taxes on the capital gains. Everyone is happy. 
How exactly did JoinMarket NOT help me launder money in that case? 
I fully support JoinMarket and think people should have complete financial privacy, but it seems wrong to suggest that it can't be used for money laundering.
@_date: 2015-02-18 05:35:16


But only the most hardcore Bitcoin fantatics do this. That's why pretty much no consumers want to spend Bitcoin right now.
The idea is that passing on some savings to people paying with BTC will make normal people want to do it, making it worthwhile for businesses.
@_date: 2016-07-13 21:09:43
To play devil's advocate, I believe the preference for a 2 MB HF can be held in good faith by people making the following arguments:
(1) Segwit poses a similar danger to the network as 4 MB blocks (for some attacks), yet it only gets us a practical increase to 2 MB (or 1.7 MB depending on how you count). A 2 MB HF would be more safe along this dimension. If Core thinks 4 MB is safe, we could get way more transaction throughput by just HFing to 4 MB.
(2) There was some concern that fees might rise unusually high by now (they haven't, but that doesn't mean the concern was invalid. Just like if you drive somewhere without a seatbelt and don't hurt yourself, it doesn't mean it was a smart decision). A 2 MB HF is simpler to implement and could have been deployed earlier to reduce this risk, if the will had been there last fall/summer to deploy the code to activate in ~6 months.
(3) Some Core devs have expressed a philosophical position that HFs should be avoided unless absolutely necessary. These devs have also given almost no detail about what circumstances would cause them to support a HF (the Core roadmap uses the super vague phrase "as the need and the will arises"). I think I reasonable person could disagree with this philosophical position (for instance, Meni Rosenfeld is well respected in all sides and disagrees with this last I checked).
@_date: 2016-07-22 19:50:20
I don't think it makes sense to say that anyone continuing on the minority fork makes the fork a failure. It's a question of how much disruption/chaos the fork causes. If something silly like Quarkcoin still is being mined and traded, then out of all the Ethereum users of course some very small % will try to keep the minority fork alive. Some people will keep the minority chain alive simply for speculation, hoping that maybe in the future the main chain will fail and people will make them rich by coming back to the old chain.
So the metrics I'd look at are: (1) Are people confused about which chain is which, (2) Are people being taken advantage of because of this confusion? (3) Are we seeing people lose coins due to replay attacks / other chaos? (4) Is the minority chain so strong that the network effect of the majority chain is significantly reduced?
That's the kind of doom scenario envisioned by some people in regards to a Bitcoin HF to 2 MB. So if that kind of stuff isn't happening with Ethereum, despite a significant % of people (maybe 20%?) being opposed to the HF, it lends support to people arguing that a less doom-y scenario is more likely.
I have heard speculation that the ~$500k accidental movement of ETH into the DAO after the fork was somehow caused by fork confusion / some replay issue. If so that would count as evidence against the complete success of the fork. 
@_date: 2016-07-21 20:08:58
I think the difference is that Ethereum doesn't have non-full nodes yet (or if it does, they're more new). A much higher % of Ethereum users are running full nodes bc they have fewer options.
@_date: 2015-02-16 00:04:51
I think I can describe the "waste" argument more clearly than what I've seen here so far:
When Bitcoin started, there were 21 million coins that needed to be distributed. Bitcoin is set up in such a way that in order to get these coins, miners are compelled by the rules of the system (along with the efficient market hypothesis) to spend money roughly equal to the market value of the coins they expect to get. 
Of course, given the Bitcoin system, individual miners are not wasting their electricity because the system makes it in their interest to spend as much as they do. 
So the question is: does the system itself encourage electricity to be burned unnecessarily? Is there a way to distribute these valuable bitcoins to people without compelling them to spend an amount of money equal to the value of those bitcoins to get them? It's possible that there isn't any better way to do this, but that's the issue which isn't being addressed here.
As an analogy, let's say that Bill Gates decided to pay lots of able bodied people to dig ditches and then fill them up over and over again, every day. From the POV of the ditch diggers, they are not "wasting" their labor because they are being compensated for it. However, if you look at the system as a whole, there seems to be some sense in which the labor of the ditch diggers is being wasted. These people could be producing something valuable, but on the surface it seems that they are not. Now in this case, I think there's a good argument that they are producing something valuable. The fact that Bill Gates is willing to pay them suggests that he values their makework extremely highly. So who are we to say that if making people dig and fill ditches brings Bill Gates ecstasy, that he shouldn't do it? 
Let's modify the example though: suppose Bill Gates has programmed an AI to carry out his wishes, and given it lots of money to pay people. Suppose Bill made a mistake in programming the AI, and it ends up paying people to dig and fill ditches, but Bill didn't actually want this. Suppose the AI can't be stopped once it is put in motion. Now, are the workers wasting their labor? From their individual perspective, they're still getting more out of it than they put in. We could say that Bill wasted his money when he put it under the control of his buggy AI though.
Similarly, one might argue that Satoshi created a system that "wasted" resources, because there was some way that he didn't realize to create a system as valuable as Bitcoin, but which required people to burn less electricity to realize that value. I don't necessarily think this is true, but that seems to be the root of the objection that Bitcoin's mining is "wasteful."  
@_date: 2015-02-18 01:57:30
If a merchant uses Coinbase or BitPay, they are not exposed to volatility. 
@_date: 2016-07-22 01:11:46
They can only "verify" them according to outdated rules.
If they receive a transaction that depends on any segwit transactions in the past, they won't be able to verify that it's valid. Even if the tx they receive doesn't depend on segwit transactions, they won't know if the block it's included in or any blocks that get built on it are valid as long as those blocks contain segwit transactions.
@_date: 2016-07-03 01:43:41


In practice, an entire small nation is very unlikely to adopt Bitcoin in the near future. 
A more realistic decision is between the two following scenarios:
Scenario  we stay at 1 MB for the next 18 months until Lightning is deployed. Fees slowly rise from ~10 cents to ~80 cents during this period, until Lightning provides relief.
Scenario  we HF to 2 MB or 4 MB on top of the segwit increase, keeping fees at ~5 cents until Lightning is deployed in 18 months.
In both cases, people will be able to send super cheap instant payments after ~18 months. In scenario  people have to deal with high fees until then. In scenario  they don't. What exactly is the advantage of the higher fees in scenario  We don't need it for security, and people will get cheap fees after Lightning anyway so it's not like we need to prepare people for high fees. It seems pointless to make people go through the extra friction in scenario 
(Obviously I can't predict the future so things could play out very differently, but these options seem much more likely than a nation adopting Bitcoin).
@_date: 2015-02-18 01:56:47


Because competition exists. The business could take part of the savings and pass part off to the consumer, and would be better off if the savings was enough to do this.
@_date: 2015-02-18 02:25:09
Because the merchant only pays 1% to Coinbase, vs. 3% to the credit card company, and the merchant doesn't have to worry about chargebacks if they take BTC.
@_date: 2017-06-05 19:12:23


They don't become worthless -- everyone gets their money back.


There has been a decent amount of academic work on conditional prediction markets. They work just fine. See the writings of Robin Hanson (or Paul Sztorc). This isn't some random idea that an random Internet person just thought of.
@_date: 2016-07-24 02:34:52


The full clause is "proceed towards release over the next two months." The question is whether the "next two months" applies to the "release" or the "proceeding." I'd interpret it as referring to the release, because "we promise to proceed over the next two months" is super vague and could mean anything. I don't know why "proceed" should mean "pull request" as opposed to "continue coding" or "start testing" or any other step in the process which gets segwit closer to release.
@_date: 2016-07-21 20:29:45
Couldn't you technically increase the 21 million limit with a very complicated soft fork? It might involve encoding a 'new' version of Bitcoin on top of the existing currency (putting stuff in OP_RETURN data).
@_date: 2016-07-21 22:12:12
Sure, and in some sense the segwit SF is a '51% attack' (or 95% attack) demanding that users update to a new network with 4 MB blocks, regardless of whether they want to. Yes, they could choose to not upgrade and they would still be able to do non-segwit bitcoin transactions, but their security would be degraded because they wouldn't be able to verify transactions that had any dependencies on segwit transactions. They would also be transacting on a network with a 4 MB block size which might lead to more centralization than they want, and not be what they signed up for.
@_date: 2016-07-27 10:31:57


This is actually not clear at all. Few miners actually voted when voting pools gave them a chance to vote, and there was really no way to establish that a majority of users supported the fork. The only thing that was clear was that the Ethereum Foundation was pro-fork. 
@_date: 2016-07-29 07:39:34
It puts a lower bound on the utility of bitcoin transactions, but the true utility could be a lot higher if some people would have been willing to pay more but didn't have to.
Also, using total fees doesn't capture the utility of holders, who might pay some sort of holding fee if they really had to, but don't (aside from scheduled inflation).
@_date: 2017-06-06 21:34:01


Which is OK if the fork doesn't happen, because that means everyone is likely still using Core coins. 


I get what you're arguing now, and it does require some careful thought, but it can be made to work. 
Consider this contract:
If no fork occurs by August 1st, we both get our BTC back (on the only chain that exists).
If a fork has occurred by August 1st and the larger block tokens are worth more than the smaller block tokens on Sept 1st, I win all of the bet coins on both chains.
If a fork has occurred by August 1st and the smaller block tokens are worth more on Sept 1st, you get all the coins on both chains.
There's nothing that makes this bet or a similar futures contract "not work." It reflects a different aspect of reality than the futures contract actually offered.
My point is not that the actual futures contract offered is "bad" on its own, just that it was presented/interpreted in a way that made people falsely infer that it meant BU tokens would be worth less if there was a fork.
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:01:59
Similarly, a fork of a popular cryptocurrency will tend to be adopted in proportion to how good it is for users/holders. 
With stocks, you have a legal prohibition against doing stuff that hurts the shareholders. With cryptocurrencies, it's the market that protects shareholders.
@_date: 2016-07-21 20:22:32


This happens equally in soft forks. The only difference is that in soft forks, the disenfranchised people will end up on the main chain unless they do something about it. 
The whole "hard forks are bad because they change things without the consent of the users" makes no sense because it applies equally to soft forks.
Really the only argument for SFs over HFs is that having two chains for some period of time (and having people who do nothing end up on the minority chain) is chaotic.
@_date: 2016-07-26 22:15:39


Greg, you've written before that you think HFs can violate users' property rights. Would you mind elaborating on where the property right violation comes from during a HF? 
This is my interpretation: to the extent that a HF approximates two groups of people freely and consciously choosing which rules they want to follow, and therefore forming two incompatible networks, it does not violate anyone's property rights because no one has the right to compel anyone else to continue valuing tokens on a network using their preferred rules.
Some property right violations might come into play when people's choices aren't free or conscious, or when one group harms the other group in some way above and beyond the harm from leaving to form a separate network (one extreme cause: if one group 51% attacks the other). Which specific property rights violations are you most worried about during a HF?
@_date: 2017-06-05 03:58:54


Not necessarily. Miners might be conservative and not want to fork without overwhelming consensus.


I don't see how it's any more open to manipulation than any other bet on future events. There is no problem with delivery, because the terms of the bet are that it's void if the conditional event doesn't happen. 
Neither the contract that actually existed or the one I'm proposing "reflects reality" more, they are just looking at different aspects of reality. 
@_date: 2017-06-30 18:31:18
Also, the timing of Satoshi's disappearance matches up perfectly with the timing of Finney's deteriorating health (and then death).
@_date: 2019-05-05 21:37:42
Here's a good essay on problems with the general Austrian economics approach: [
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:46:25
JVP is not sitting next to Wright -- Wright appears on the video link. It's not clear that Wright can see JVP.
@_date: 2016-07-24 02:26:58


Because there's no such thing as "the" solution. Just because Lightning will bring scaling in the medium term doesn't mean a block size increase wouldn't also be helpful.
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:20:40
The difference is that in the Bitfinex contract, the person betting on BU loses if no fork occurs. This bet is fine if that's what the parties want to bet on, but the resulting prices on this bet don't tell you "IF the fork occurred, what would happen after that?" which is what I think most people are interested in.


The contract would need to specifically define what counts as a fork. Probably a chain of a certain length built on top of a &gt; 1 MB block, not just any chain split. 


They could try that, but likely the contract would specify that the BU chain must reach a certain length before the contract is valid. The Core supporting miner could decide to make that happen if they were the difference between BU having &lt; 50% hashpower and &gt;50% hashpower. However, the BU supporter would probably be OK with this, because it would result in a legit test of their disagreement. The BU supporter believes that if the economy has a choice of which chain to use, people will flock to the BU chain, which drives up price on that chain, which makes miners legitimately switch over to it. So the BU supporter would probably say to the Core supporting miner "sure, if you want to try to game the system like that be my guest -- you're digging your own grave."


The BU backer doesn't think that a BU fork being triggered would cause them to lose their coins. They think the fork is the event which enables them to win the Core supporter's coins. They think once miners started mining a larger block chain, the economy would flock to it and it'd win decisively. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 23:25:53
I see you often claiming that hard forking without consensus is a violation of property rights. A few questions:
(1) Do you believe that current Bitcoin users have a right to the network effect provided by other users? 
(2) If answer to  is "yes", then wouldn't it also be a property rights violation for current users to migrate from Bitcoin to Dogecoin?
(3) If the answer to  is "no", then how is users moving to a fork of Bitcoin different than users moving to Dogecoin? Is it only unethical if the fork if Bitcoin keeps the Bitcoin name? And more fundamentally, is it only unethical if people are deceived into thinking the resulting two networks are not what they actually are?
@_date: 2016-07-04 00:16:40
TL:DR: "the Bitcoin experience for end users already sucks, so we should be OK with allowing it to suck even worse than it does now. This is a good idea because we can predict pretty well how Bitcoin will be used in the future"
The flaw in this argument is that last part. History is full of new technologies being used in unexpected ways. The more friction we add to using Bitcoin now, the less experimentation happens and the lower chance that a valuable use cases are found any time soon.
@_date: 2019-05-30 00:10:59
Many Austrian economists teach at this university: [
@_date: 2016-07-21 20:18:46


Kind of like how in a soft fork, a small handful of major players can change the currency? Segwit is raising the block size from 1 MB to 4 MB via a soft fork. A pretty significant change. Many people object to segwit (not me personally), yet Bitcoin is being changed without the consent of these people. 
I am all for segwit, but the meme that hard forks change things without people's consent and soft forks don't is false.
Sure, there are some things that are probably impossible to do with a soft fork (perhaps a PoW change), but there are a huge amount of very disruptive changes that SFs allow (including raising the block size arbitrarily high). 
@_date: 2017-06-07 08:04:25


Not "unfair", but the bet was used to mislead people because they didn't understand what it really meant.


Not necessary to assume that.


I think you're mistaken. See details below.
In the bet I specified, imagine I bet on BU and the BU chain "wins" and gets almost all of the hash power and a much higher price. You owe me BU coins and you also owe me Core coins. I now own lots of super valuable BU coins that you used to own, and cheap Core coins that you also used to own. I'm happy with the result.
Now imagine the same bet, but you win -- the Core coin is the dominant one. You get all my Core coins. Since the Core chain became dominant, the BU chain got reorged and doesn't exist. But those coins would have been very low value anyway even if there was reorg protection, and you expected the chain to disappear when you took the bet. You wanted Core coins all along, so you're happy.
@_date: 2013-11-16 01:16:03
Thanks for the elaboration!
I agree with you completely on the quantity theory of money. I also agree that markets are extremely good at pricing things according to their current value, which depends on any available alternatives. It does seem like a bitcoin should be expected to increase in value at roughly the same rate as a share of GWP will increase in value, just based on the quantity theory of money. Sure, velocity can fluctuate, but if you hold a bitcoin for 40 years, and bitcoin is the global world currency over that entire time, and is expected to be indefinitely, wouldn't you also expect it's price to track GWP?
Here's a hypothetical that really gets at the core puzzle: let's say the Gates Foundation stops all charitable activity, and puts all their funds behind the following plan: they create an asset that they will promise to buy for $100 this year, $104 the next year, 4% more the next year, etc (their payout is indexed to inflation). They spend billions of dollars on lawyers and insurance and various contracts to make sure this is as certain as possible, and they use their entire hundred billion dollar assets to make this as certain as possible to the best of their ability. They start by auctioning off this asset. Let's say that the highest bid is $300. He's paying 200% more than what the Gates Foundation would buy the asset for if he traded it in now. Assuming that the conditions in the global financial markets stay the same, wouldn't we expect the asset to fetch $312 on the open market next year (when Gates would redeem it for $104)? If it didn't fetch $312, it seems like something would have to be different about the market conditions.
Feel free to reply via 'reddit mail' if you don't want to look like a lunatic in public. I'm extremely interested in fully understanding this. If you don't want to get into a long exchange, I'd also welcome suggestions for what I should read to understand your POV.
@_date: 2017-06-16 08:07:10
I agree mining attacks are unethical, and I agree that some actions BU supporters have taken are unethical. I don't see how this makes the "NY agreement" unethical (although like you, I'm also unsure what exactly was agreed to). The sins of some big blockers shouldn't be inherited by everyone who's in favor of any controversial HF.


Which "brutal attacks" have I participated in? That seems pretty unfair. I don't know many big-blockers who are more pro-Core than me (maybe Jameson Lopp). 
@_date: 2015-02-19 00:05:45
I have my credit card automatically paid from my checking account. I've never had a late payment and likely never will. It's not that hard.
@_date: 2013-12-13 23:35:31
I think Andreas changed his mind about ASICS. I remember him saying he isn't too worried about them on a recent podcast. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 23:21:09
The BU futures were created in a misleading way. 
The price did not reflect "if the BU fork happens, what will be the expected value of the BU tokens?"
Instead it reflected: "what is the expected value of future BU tokens, assuming that if the HF doesn't happen this counts as a value of 0"
Because of this, comparing the BU futures to the BTC price might have just been telling you something about the probability of a fork, rather than the value of BU tokens if a fork happened. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:29:21


If you take the thought experiment to the extreme, where everyone uses only bitcoins, then you're basically asking if there will somehow be more total goods and services available because people are using bitcoins. That would require that our current situation results in more idle or wasted resources than a world of bitcoin.


I think your last statement is correct if the rate is inflation/deflation isn't too extreme. Being paid in bitcoins isn't always better than USD. Everything depends on price, and prices will adjust. I'd rather be paid 10 million USD than be paid one bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 00:17:14
As Bitcoin becomes more widespread, more 'mainstream' people will adopt it. The kind of people who don't really care about government control. Once the median Bitcoin user resembles the median person in the world, Bitcoin may be forked to be easier to regulate/control, and most people won't care. Governments will pressure businesses to move to the new fork or else, so businesses will encourage their customers to move to the new fork. Hardcore early adopters won't go with the new fork, but they'll find their network small and rarely used, like now.
@_date: 2013-10-30 22:31:40
The December 2013 issue has been mailed out to subscribers now? Or did you somehow get an early copy?
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:21:40
Sure. There was a very long reddit thread about this last month. The relevant subthread is at  . It's likely worthwhile to read the OP as well as the entire subthread started by andrewla for context. If anything is unclear, feel free to ask.
The general idea relies on the creation of a 'purchasing power index', and a custom to write contracts and prices in terms of this index instead of in terms of raw bitcoins.
The other main point is that in the long run, bitcoins will increase in value at the rate that global productivity increases (see the wikipedia article on the "equation of exchange"). When this happens, people's decision to hoard bitcoin (or not) will mirror our current decisions to invest all of our money into global stock index funds (or not). The argument "it's dumb to spend bitcoins if you know they'll increase in value at 4% per year, so people won't do it" is equivalent to "it's dumb to spend USD because that same money could be invested in an index fund that gains 4% of value (after inflation) per year, so no one will ever spend USD." 
@_date: 2013-12-17 01:46:58
Erik, I usually agree with your posts, but I think this is a superficial analysis which doesn't really address the core point of the inflationists.


What the inflationists are arguing is that total happiness/utility will be less when a monetary system is deflationary, because some transactions that would be beneficial for everyone don't occur. As you point out, deflation won't stop all transactions (people need to eat), but if beneficial transactions are prevented, it's actually a bad thing. We can trivialize these transactions by calling them "rampant consumption," but they're still a good thing if we want to respect people's preferences.
For example, let's say that you are amazing at making giraffe trinkets, and I am amazing at making scented candles. These is the type of product that many people would call unnecessary. These people might be OK with these products no longer being bought once everyone used bitcoins. 
Let's suppose that I would actually trade one of my scented candles for one of your giraffe trinkets, and vice versa -- the exchange would make us both better off. But suppose we're living in a Bitcoin world where people only buy things they really, really want. You and I can't find each other because barter is cumbersome, and our stores close down because people don't want to spend bitcoins on our items. In a USD world I could have sold a candle and used the money to buy a giraffe trinket, and you could have sold a giraffe trinket and used the money to buy a candle, now that doesn't happen. We're both worse off. 
In this example the deflationary nature of Bitcoin is creating barriers to mutually beneficial trade. 
I don't actually believe the above would happen. The argument that "deflation will cause less consumption" doesn't work on an individual level, because if I'm standing there with my bitcoins debating whether to buy your giraffe trinket (which I genuinely want), and I decide I don't want to, it simply means that the price is too high for me. If the value of my bitcoins is commonly judged to be greater than the value of your giraffe trinket, you'll realize this and lower your price. 
IMO the only plausible argument that inflationists have against deflationary currencies is that they would lead to less investment and thus slower GDP growth. I think there's a workaround for this, but this post is already too long.
@_date: 2013-11-15 08:08:30
Off topic, but just in case you don't check your email (I didn't realize how for a while): I am now pretty sure the following argument of yours is wrong, but if you have any defense I'd love to hear it as you seem like the most knowledgeable person to object to the 'deflation will lead to lower investment' argument.
"If bitcoins are deflating in real terms at a fixed rate (say 4%), then that is a known quantity, and it will be priced in to the current value of bitcoins (priced in goods, national currencies, gold, etc.). This will cause it not to deflate." -andrewla
Counter: Suppose it is known that a $100 bitcoin today will be worth $104 next year, and continue to deflate at 4% every year forever. As you say, the market will bid up the price. Let's say it gets bid up to $300 today. Fast forward to one year in the future. What might the price be? If it hadn't been bid up, it'd be $104. Your argument implies it will be less than $312. But the exact same forces causing it to be bid up from $100 to $300 would cause it to be bid up to $312 one year later, otherwise it wouldn't have been bid all the way to $300 initially. There may be fluctuations around this 4% rate caused by the credit cycle, over the long run it has to deflate at around 4%. 
I will give you $20 worth of BTC if you can convince me that I'm wrong :) (I really want to be wrong, so it may not be hard if I actually am).
@_date: 2013-11-24 20:23:12
This is the best article I've seen on the senate hearings: 