@_author: go_abi_go
@_date: 2017-12-20 22:39:27
I heard about this project last week and was blown away at the generosity and the opportunity. I put in an application but wanted to call out what we do here too. I'm not a business development person or a sales person, I am just a program manager who is really passionate about the work we do and believe we could make a huge impact on the communities we reach if only more people knew about us :)
I work for VecnaCares ( a small non-profit based in Cambridge, MA. We work in areas where there is either no or unreliable electricity or cell network and in harsh environments (heat, dust, bugs, rain etc.). All of this combined means that having Electronic Medical Records in these areas is expensive and requires lots of money and expertise to maintain a server. But we've found a solution for this, to get EMR software the last mile to the clinic and the clinicians treating the patients. 
Our solution is the CliniPAK It is basically a server and power management system all in one. 
• Power Management: It can be powered off a solar panel, a car battery or AC power and it can seamlessly switch between them so if  it is rainy for a few days and your solar battery is depleted but you have a car battery plugged it it will automatically switch to the car battery.  
• Server: The CliniPAK creates a LAN (local area network) that allows any wifi enabled device to connect to it. We have deployed OpenMRS, DHIS2, Bahmni and our own EMR software onto the CliniPAK and once its deployed it can be accessed on any web browser. None of the data is stored on the cell phone or tablet it is all stored on the CliniPAK which means that you can have multiple doctors, lab or pharmacy techs or nurses working on the same patient record at the same time and it will instantaneously update. 
• Cell: Our newest model, which we are prototyping and designing now, has a cell modem built in meaning that this data can now be sent over a cell network when its available making the data accessible to people outside the immediate LAN.
Now you may be thinking 'a lot of these places where you're working need medicine and doctors. Why would we focus on getting Electronic Medical Records to them?' That 's a fair question but here are a few benefits of an EMR. 
1) It allows patients to be easily tracked over time. Imagine that you were pregnant two years ago and had a really complicated pregnancy and birth and it was all documented on paper but now you are pregnant again and that paper record is in a room where no one ever looks at them again because they can never find anything. Because you're doctor doesn't know about the issues you experienced during your last birth they can't treat you properly and you and your baby may be at risk for dying. Or if you are a patient with a chronic disease (such as high blood pressure or diabetes) they cannot track you progress. These electronic medical records allow doctor's to know your full medical history and to take all of that into account when they decide on a course of treatment.
2) Having an electronic system makes reporting and and identifying trends so much faster. With the press of a button a person can get a a full report that they need to submit to the Ministry of Health. Easy reporting also allows trends to be identifies much faster and for resources to be deployed to the appropriate areas. Imagine if the first record of from the 2014 Ebola outbreak was recorded electronically instead of on paper. Instead of that record having to go from the clinic to the county health department to the state and then up to the ministry of health to be reviewed it could of be sent directly to the relevant person. In outbreaks such as the Ebola crisis time is everything and knowing where and when cases are occurring as soon as possible is key in preventing the spread. Having an electronic medical record system allows for this to happen. 
We currently work in Kenya, Haiti, Tanzania and Nigeria as well as in one of the largest refugee camps in the world but we want to expand to help organizations that are responding to humanitarian crisis. 
Right now we are small but I truly believe that with this help we could be mighty!! If you've made it to the end of this thank you and thank you for considering us :)