@_author: go_ravens
@_date: 2018-01-20 02:06:21
Oh I thought NY was the only one with the stupid bitlicense. Guess not!
@_date: 2018-01-19 16:34:19
Woohoo New York!
@_date: 2018-02-07 13:19:13
Like said, it's not the fork that deserves criticism, it's the deliberately misleading tactics that are being used. Using the subreddit,  twitter handle, and Bitcoin.com URL to manipulate people into thinking you're representing Bitcoin when you're actually representing something else is unethical.
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:53:17
I don't have any bitcoin so I don't even have a in dog this fight, but even to me its painfully obvious that you're a shill lol
@_date: 2018-02-07 18:04:31
Then the actual Bitcoin chain was corrupted by the government. That doesn't make it not Bitcoin anymore. Just like any [insert cool thing here] that was bought up and ruined by [insert evil corporation here]. It's still the real thing, the real thing just sucks now.
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:34:02
Here's a point by point breakdown:


No they're not.


They're wrong.


I'm not defining it for them, the majority of people running the blockchain is defining it for them. Consensus determines which is the real Bitcoin. The fork happened and your fork lost that battle.


Yes, because I'm not advocating anything. I'm stating the fact that there is Bitcoin, and something else called Bitcoin Cash, and Bitcoin Cash isn't the same thing as Bitcoin, isn't a better version of Bitcoin, isn't "the real Bitcoin." It's something different from Bitcoin, and the shills need to stop lying to people and pretending it's something it isn't.


This is nothing but faux-philosophical bullshit. It absolutely IS NOT for each man to decide for himself. Consensus decides, and the consensus made its decision.


Of course you're not convinced, because you've obviously put your eggs in that basket and picked your side. But if you can't understand how ripping off the logo, the website, the twitter handle, and the coin symbol subreddit isn't malicious, you're either an idiot or you're a part of it. So either way you're a shill, either by ignorance or by malice.


They're wrong. They're advocating a fallacy. They're the flat-Earthers of the cryptospace. And just like the flat-Earthers, advocating a position doesn't make it correct, and doesn't make it reality.


There isn't the "preferred" chain. **I'll say it one more time. Consensus determines what is the actual Bitcoin chain.** Challenging that fact, or worse, simply ignoring it as you and the rest of the bcash shill community does, is factually inaccurate, deceptive, unethical, deliberately misleading, and manipulative (to use my language again). If bcash is so much better than Bitcoin, it can stand on its own without needing to argue over which is the real Bitcoin.
Notice, not one single time did I say anything disparaging about bcash or what it is trying to do. Not once did I criticize the technology or the developer's goals. I'm only criticizing the community around it, which is more invested in peddling a lie for its own gain than in actually advocating for the benefits of the product. 
Call bcash what it is - i.e. NOT BITCOIN - and nobody has a problem with it. 