@_author: goabra
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:51:41
we are doing testing in the US right now and look to do a full global launch sometime this Spring.
@_date: 2015-03-16 06:43:18
Tellers are not MSB's.
We will not knowingly allow Tellers to operate should we believe that they are violating any MSB regulations.  So far our work has made clear that this is not the case and that Tellers are free to operate in the US.   We are deploying a Teller on boarding process that includes guidelines that Tellers need to follow.
We're working on this to cover all bases but at this point we're not aware of any FinCEN or state based issues that Tellers could even violate with our app.  We've been in the MSB space for a long time. 
Terms of service for Tellers make clear that they will not violate any applicable laws in any state (not just MSB laws) and will not transact with anyone they believe intends to violate any applicable laws in any state.
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:20:55
Yes, Bitcoin is stored on the consumers Abra App on the phone (not with Abra.)  The underlying BTC is hedged to the current USD value (for 3 days) at the time of deposit which can be via Abra Teller, a supported Debit Card or via external BTC address.
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:17:15
please send an email to contact for now.   In the future there will be messaging enabled inside the App itself.
@_date: 2015-03-16 06:16:40
Jav, we actually support withdrawals to an external BTC address so there really isn't much risk.  If you're still in the 3 day hedge period and you withdrawal, the withdrawal amount in BTC is auto-adjusted (up or down) to reflect the current USD value.  Our DB is encrypted so you're unlikely to figure out the private key without our help. Please keep in mind that people deep into the bowels of BTC are not our target users here.   Our users want USD (re: fiat) protection as well as the privacy that true digital cash provides.
BUT we're open to any and all ideas.  We're designing the product that we've always wanted for ourselves and hope that everyone else wants it.
On another note, we've debated multi-sig endlessly at Abra - for months.  We've decided not to launch multi-sig in the initial launch partially because we're afraid that regulators don't yet fully understand it and partially to send a clear message - don't lose your phone - meaning Abra isn't storing your money.  I suspect that in the future we'll give consumers who are savvy enough a multi-sig option.
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:18:15
While this is all subject to change as we get deeper into our launch.  Here is what we're currently doing...
Tellers will be able to buy digital currency stored on their local phone via their Abra App. They can then resell this currency as part of processing a consumer cash deposit at any price they set. They can also buy back digital currency directly from their Abra App which will be stored on their local phone. The latter process is referred to as processing a consumer withdrawal.
Tellers will be able to receive/buy their digital currency via: supported debit cards from within the Abra App, other tellers, master teller retailers (launching soon in different countries,) any external bitcoin address. Tellers will also be able to sell their digital currency to other tellers or send it to an external btc address to sell on an exchange. If they send it to an external address they will be hedged up to the moment they transfer the funds out but once they transfer out they lose the USD hedge.
Any time a teller and a consumer transact (or if two tellers transact) the USD price is reset for another 3 days.  If a teller loads funds from an external BTC address those funds are also hedged for 3 days at the current USD price.  While we don't charge for p2p transfers we do charge a 25bps fee for teller based deposits/withdrawals or externally originating BTC based deposits which covers the hedging costs. This also eliminates any teller arbitrage opportunities to game the system.
When a consumer sends funds p2p the 3 day hedge doesn't reset. The outstanding hedge of the money being transferred is simply transferred to the receiver along with the underlying digital currency. If a consumer transfers 50% of their funds than 50% of the outstanding hedge gets transferred. This is all transparent to the consumer although they do receive a pop-up message when a hedge expires so that they know the value of their balance will fluctuate.  In the remittance world, money is usually cashed out quickly so we don’t see this as being a big problem. 
In a future release we will also add a table that will allow people to see different components of their balance and when the corresponding hedge will expire and the corresponding BTC contribution of that part of their balance.
@_date: 2015-03-16 06:23:10
digital currency is BTC stored on phone.
In our first phase of deployment hedges are stored centrally but will soon be stored on the phone in the form of btc based smart contracts.  App store and Play store updates will automatically move the contracts to the phone once this feature becomes available.  Users won't notice the difference when it happens.
Once the contract is on the phone it will settle on the blockchain with no enforcement required.  During our first launch phase we're acting as the counterparty and enforcing the contract.  This is just temporary until we're 100% certain that the smart contract solution is totally rock solid as once it's out there we can't stop it. ;)
@_date: 2015-03-15 21:28:59
Funds are stored in the consumer's Abra App (not with Abra) as Bitcoin. However, in addition to the funds the app is also storing a hedged value.  The funds are hedged to the USD value for 3 days from the time of deposit - all new deposits get a new hedge.  In addition to loading funds from an Abra Teller or debit card funds can be loaded via an external BTC address.
@_date: 2015-03-15 19:51:28
Hi all, I'm going to try my best to answer as many questions about Abra as I can.  We are crazy busy getting our extended launch ready, fixing early bugs, processing Teller signups, etc.  So apologies in advance for slow responses.