@_author: gobitcoingo
@_date: 2014-03-05 03:04:50
I'm no expert on finances nor Bitcoin so I admit that I could be talking out of my hat but whilst I like to see the value rise I am very interested in the "revolutionary" part and agree that it COULD be use for much much more than currency. 
I believe that the blockchain could be used as evidence for various things. Such as resolving disputes from journalists on "who broke the story first". I did it first, no I did! Really? let's just check the public ledger (aka blockchain). The same principle could be applied to inventors "who put in on the blockchain first?". In theory, this could eliminate the need for "the department of patents", or the need to disputes in court , or conveyancers, "are you the owner of that property and therefore legally allowed to sell it"? Again check blockchain. 
All these things are "ifs" (and big "ifs") but I believe these are the kind of things the blockchain COULD become, obviously long term. I agree with you that it is a tested application. It has already proved that you can eliminate Western Union and the like. Western Union is not government but if the blockchain evolves, one can see government bodies becoming redundant in the same way.
Another use that I have read about is the ability to remove costly and beaurocratic process of setting up a business. No longer will poor people be excluded from opening a business due to costly startup fees.  
I'm not that tech savvy just liberty minded and I don't FULLY understand how this would work, but isn't bitcoin the currency actually a byproduct?
Bitcoin/blockchain could fail dismally and collapse in a heap but it could become a very prominent and revolutionary part of our lifes, particularly in supressive governments but also providing more choice in the less suppressive governments. One can utilise a government depatment and wait six months (even longer) for any eventuatally, knowing that it is fully regulated and baeurocratic haevy or get an outcome straight away by accepting the risk of not being "regualted". Perhaps not replace but be an alternative.      
@_date: 2014-03-05 03:42:44
Surely you are not saying that we all should stop using fiat cash because criminals buy drugs and child porn with it? If you do feel that strongly about it you perhaps you should convert ALL of your fiat money to BTC and maybe ask your employer to pay you in BTC. 
There is far more criminal activity conducted in fiat. Does that dollar note you hold have traces of cocaine on it?  
