@_author: goblinrightsnow
@_date: 2017-03-16 22:21:51
Has Coinbase provide information about how their off-chain transactions are recorded? Are they keeping a private side-chain, or is there just a local cache of some sort that gets published to the public chain periodically?
@_date: 2017-08-23 04:26:41
True, but to a newbie touch screens are much more intuitive than the idea that how much it costs to send someone $20 depends on how the sender got it. For businesses, the ratio of fee cost to value transferred is definitely relevant because Bitcoin is going to be assessed against the cost of credit card swipes or cash management costs- low fees in the fractional cent range are very desirable, and fees that are a meaningful fraction of the value being transferred is a strong disincentive for all users. 
Transaction costs might not be calculated as a ratio of fees to dollars but that's still the most important metric for end users and people considering using Bitcoin for business purposes right now- if fees are too high as a fraction of the total transaction value it absolutely destroys your profit margin or competitiveness with other payment/transfer solutions. I know people who are business owners, and if I were to try to convince them to accept Bitcoin one of their first questions is going to be what it costs to accept. If the cost-per-swipe can't compete with the CC networks, there is not much chance that they are going to consider it.
@_date: 2017-08-22 19:45:54
Cost-per-byte is a better measure of the (non) competitiveness of the mining environment. Cost per dollar or BTC sent is a better measure of usefulness to end users. The number of bytes in a transaction is a technical detail that is of no interest to most end users... ideally, it should really be invisible unless you have a specific reason to care otherwise. If I send a letter, it doesn't matter if it goes through 2 post offices or fifteen, and if I send a wire transfer or money order I don't have to think about how many sheets of paper are involved.
@_date: 2017-08-23 05:11:47


No, but its performance against other methods of payment is still a useful metric of its success. I don't see any currency/accounting scenario where transactions costing a significant fraction of the value transferred is acceptable, unless Bitcoin is literally the only solution for a particular set of circumstances. A high-value transaction is as, if not more, likely to have a complex input-output set than a cheap one.


Only if the transaction cost is payed by the customer, which isn't the norm. Current Bitcoin users may be OK with paying their own tx costs, but on a larger scale users will likely expect the business to pick up the cost themselves.
@_date: 2018-03-23 08:58:00
How is Bitcoin a solution to automation eliminating jobs? It doesn't seem like the two bear any relation.
@_date: 2018-03-24 11:57:40


Loss of purchasing power is not a significant problem for working class people right now- inflation is close to zero and has been since the 70's. The problem is that automation has eliminated so many unskilled jobs that there is too large an applicant pool, so wages have stagnated. People don't have savings because they need their entire paycheck to pay for necessities, not because their savings are losing ground due to inflation. Most blue collar and working class people are net or occasional debtors due to the need for payday loans and credit card debt to meet their needs, in which case a deflationary monetary basis would crush their buying power by raising the relative cost of their existing debt. Inflation is good for people who have debt and little or no savings- wages can float with inflation, which reduces the relative cost of debt if they have fixed interest rates for outstanding debts.


Why? Bitcoin does nothing to change the existence of economies of scale. Wal-Mart replaced smaller groceries and retailers in small towns because it could offer a wider selection of products at a lower price due to its scale. 


My question is where the market for all of these local furniture places is going to come from- furniture making was once a local trade because of the cost of moving durable goods, not because of anything having to do with the money supply. Furniture making and repair as local trades has been in decline since the steam age because of the efficiency of mass production.
The things that you are talking about seem to be based on the premise that Bitcoin is going to put a dint in mass production, but I could just as easily see Bitcoin facilitating mass production- when you have a scriptable networked money, you can build automated machines that assess market conditions and kick a supply chain into motion when the cost and markets are right- an automated furniture factory that is dark and zero cost when demand is low, and then turns itself on when the price of lumber falls and stores the production run until demand rises.
@_date: 2018-04-05 13:25:06
Spoken like someone who has never tried moose ranching. Moose bites can be pretty nasty.
@_date: 2017-05-19 22:36:18
Ask Wesley Snipes about that shit. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 12:46:26
I misread the label and was wondering what in the hell 'thinking ham' was. 
@_date: 2017-05-14 00:02:23


Honestly, I think this is a strawman that people are raging about. Yeah, one or two dudes on Twitter who were already anti-BC have made remarks, but if you look at the mainstream US outlets like CNN, NYTimes, WaPO, etc., you don't even see mention of Bitcoin in the headlines, or negative call-outs in the coverage. The focus is on the leaked NSA tools, the scale of the breach, and the success of the counter-effort. BTC ransomware has been covered before when there have been smaller incidents.