@_author: gocryptosales
@_date: 2018-07-04 12:16:30
Hi All  
Ive been offline for a while and have lost a bit of touch with what is going on out there but I'm back and have been researching like crazy to get back up to date with the world of Blockchain. Its still my belief that in a selfish sense it will make me my fortune, in the near future I hope. If not though one can only sit back and admire the possibilities of such technology. In case you are reading about Blockchain for the first time then let me give you a short explanation what it is and some of the possibilities there are with it.
A blockchain, originally block chain, is a continuously growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography.Digital Assets &amp; Stocks. Assets, stocks, and other digital tokens on the blockchain are perhaps some of the more powerful and exciting use-cases for blockchain technology. It would allow stocks, bonds, tickets, reward points, digital keys, and other assets to be exchanged securely in the same way as bitcoins. However that in no way explains the many many uses for this technology, but lets not get bogged down in that and get on with the latest news in the world of Blockchain.
One such big event that will take place soon in Dubai is the Dubai International Blockchain summit. I mention this summit as if you are like me a great believer in the technology and the possibilities for it and how it will affect our future then one must keep an eye on what happens here as the UAE are fully committed to Blockchain and will go big time for it in 2021. Here is just one of the positive statements they have made lately
The Dubai Blockchain Strategy, launched by His Highness Sheikh Hamdan, is a result of a collaboration between the Smart Dubai Office and the Dubai Future Foundation to continually explore and evaluate the latest technology innovations that demonstrate an opportunity to deliver more seamless, safe, efficient, and impactful city experiences.
Blockchain technology is a new, powerful tool that is already shaping the future of the Internet with simple, safe and secure transactions. The Dubai Blockchain Strategy will help Dubai achieve the vision of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, to create the future of Dubai, and make Dubai the happiest city on earth.
Why I ask myself is the rest of the world a non believer or are they sitting back and watching the UAE? Or is the UAE the country that will lead the world in the full use of Blockchain. Here is another bold statement from them.
Dubai has a long tradition of leading digital innovation for the region. Now, for the first time, Dubai will be pioneering the application of new technology for cities, and sharing it with the world. When successful, Dubai will be the first blockchain powered government, driving the future economy.
They plan to use it to save money on visa applications, bill payments and license renewals that will be transacted digitally under the new strategy. Their plan not only includes saving money but will have a positive effect on the environment reducing emissions of CO2. Next there will be new business opportunities for the local population using the new technology. Many sectors could benefit such as real estate, fin-tech and banking, healthcare, transportation, urban planning, smart energy, digital commerce and tourism. The final part of the Dubai Strategy is International Leadership. In line with the third pillar, Dubai will open its Blockchain platform for global counterparts to enhance safety, security, convenience for international travellers to Dubai. So as you can see this is a major project for the UAE and will have direct effects on the population of the country and implications worldwide, as of yet no one knows whether they will be positive or negative effects. I for one am rooting for them and wish them well and the summit on 23rd July 2018 will have in attendance over 5000 people from 18 countries along with 40 speakers and 50 journalists who I believe will leave with a lot of food for thought.
Ive only scratched the surface of what is possible using Blockchain and as I mentioned earlier I hope that its  
success will lead to my success in picking the right type of Blockchain company or companies to invest in. This will be a much more secure and stable investment that getting involved in Bitcoin etc. Time for more research and careful studying of the data etc and when I'm ready I will publish my picks for you all to discuss. Please leave a comment on what your thoughts are on everything Bockchain I will look forward to hearing your opinions and any comments you might like to leave. Cheers for now Gerard