@_author: godofthunder44
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:11:49
No worries. I'll have a reply for you sometime tomorrow....though it'll likely be tomorrow afternoon because, like you said, it's New Year's Eve. Happy New Year's to you too, hope it's a good one.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:39:00
I don't believe that mutualism and anarcho-capitalism/voluntarism are mutually exclusive. As far as I'm concerned, they're complimentary.
The main point of anarcho-capitalism is freedom of free enterprise and free association without intervention from any state. AFAIK mutualism shares that idea, but with a stronger focus on individual enterprise rather than collective enterprise (please correct me if I'm wrong, I'm not as well-read on mutualism). The development of government-influenced capitalism (in contrast with pure capitalism or anarcho-capitalism) is, IMO, one of the biggest factors in the shift of the US economy in the late 19th century from a more mutualist-leaning society towards what it is today.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:31:22
It seems to me that you don't have any real gripes about anarcho-capitalism except for the use of the word capitalism.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:17:53


Though in a free society it falls under a voluntary agreement. The boss isn't forcing you to obey his rules, he contracts with you. You agree to his rules, and he exchanges your productivity with his capital. There is no true control when people are free to break those contracts if they find them intolerable.


This is a non-argument in comparing free association with being subject to state authority. That comparison completely ignores the threat and use of force by states in detaining and controlling citizens (see: no-fly lists, "constitution-free zones", submission to government licensure [read: passports and other forms of gov't ID] in order to travel, etc). A right-anarchist/anarcho-capitalist society places no such restrictions, either on travel or on commerce.


Maybe he lives in North Korea. :P
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:40:59
You're welcome to call it a misuse, though I would disagree with you. There are (probably) as many different variations of capitalism as there are socialism ; certainly nobody (well, hopefully nobody) would attack market socialism by saying that they're misusing the term socialism, and that the national socialists have more say in the definition and use of the term. That claim wouldn't really hold water. The way I see it, the best way to have a reasonable discussion/debate is to have your opponent explain exactly what they mean by X term and go from there, rather than import meaning from other belief systems.
You're also welcome to take issue with some people's attitudes. I have no issue with that, though I do think it may end up as a red herring and detract from the more important issue of values/principles. While arguing with someone's attitude may be helpful in promoting a healthier tone to an argument, it doesn't really address any real issues. 
As for your gripe about private property, I would urge you to read [Hoppe's Rothbardian Ethics]( It's a bit wordy, but short enough not to need its own book, and I think it does a pretty good job of arguing not simply why private property rights exist, but also how they exist in *opposition to* the state.
With logical inconsistency, you'll have to be more specific. I hope I haven't been inconsistent in our discussion, but if I have please point it out. If you're speaking more generally, then I can't really do anything about it, and you have my condolences.
Also, if there are any articles/essays on mutualism that you think I would benefit from, please link them. I generally try to educate myself on various philosophies, but obviously I have my hazy areas.
@_date: 2013-10-27 13:48:58


So you're saying that they had a libertarian culture for centuries, and then when the statists gained power the whole thing collapsed in one big shitpile? Because that what those other guys were saying, and it's nice of you to concede the point.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:10:18
What system would best incorporate positive actions through qualitative choice? One where ownership of property exists, or one where there is no such thing as ownership of property?
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:11:09
From what I can see, we share the same basic ideal, but differ on the definition of the word capitalism.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:26:25
I don't know that it would be come completely obsolete, but it seems clear to me that as time passes the bubble of "means to production" does get smaller. As new technologies are invented the means of production for that technology exists in very few hands, but as time progresses the means expand. So while it may not become obsolete, I do think it will eventually become limited more towards only cutting-edge industries.
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:50:03
Do you believe that people can have ownership of goods or property? 
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:11:33
Are you going to initiate force against him in order to take the things he has possession of? 
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:32:04
I think you're offering a false dichotomy between submitting to wage slavery or starvation. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:17:08
I actually agree with quite a bit of what you said. I'm just not sure how your criticisms of state-influenced/supported businesses translate to criticisms of businesses that exist without any state power. I mean, if your negative example of businesses are dependent on state power, then what is your criticism of businesses that exist without any state force to support them? Or conversely, on supporting mutually beneficial enterprise, who is doing the supporting? It seems to me that in the absence of the state either supporting business or alternately forcing some form of socialism, what you end up with is a variety of groups of individuals forming group enterprise, collectively supporting individual enterprise, or forming communes. All of which I am in support of so long as individuals are not compelled by force to participate in X group.