@_author: goldsilver-com
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:49:53
Thanks, we have two really talented animators who worked like madmen on this episode, especially during the last three weeks!
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:03:34
Thinking long-term in his latest video, Mike Maloney offers up some interesting points about the future of government cryptocurrencies and what it might mean for the people who use them:
"Russia will have a centrally-planned, centrally-run digital currency, and also Iran, North Korea, China and the International Monetary Fund are planning these centralized, government-run cryptocurrencies. And this, I believe, is very dangerous. They're run on centralized servers, it gives them the ability to manipulate not just the currency supply, but to gain more control over populations. They can decide to not let you spend your currency on certain things, or take your currency to other countries... basically, if they don't like you, they can switch you off."
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:25:17
Renben9, thanks for your comment. We'll definitely check out the video and pass your message to Mike.
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:43:12
A message from Mike Maloney...
Cryptocurrencies are our future, and there is no escaping it… this is the way everything will be done from now on.  
But, we now stand at a crucial turning point in history. Full consensus ledgers such as Blockchain and Hashgraph have the power to enslave us, or free us… it all depends on how we choose to use them.  
If we choose to support centralized versions issued by governments and the financial sector, we will be granting them more control over our daily lives. 
Politicians and bureaucrats will be able to raise taxes instantly, whenever they want, on every dollar you make as you make them, and every dollar you spend as you spend them. 
If they think the economy needs stimulating, they'll be able to enforce huge negative interest rates, effectively punishing you for not spending everything you earn before you earn it.  
They'll be able to decide where you can go and where you can’t, what you can buy and what you can’t, and what you can do and whatever they decide you can’t do… and if they don't like you, they can just disconnect you from the monetary system.
So, will the monetary system become fully distributed and help to free mankind, or will it be centralized and enslave us?  
The choice is in front of us right now, and our decisions will create our future. I believe that this will be a binary outcome, there is no middle ground, it will either be one future or the other.  
The question is, will it be the future we want? Or the future they want?
I have an absolute passion for monetary history and economics, I love teaching them, and now our latest episode of Hidden Secrets of Money, 'The Crypto Revolution: From Bitcoin to Hashgraph’, is here.  
It’s about the evolution of cryptocurrencies and full consensus distributed ledger technology, and how they will change our world.  
I believe that this video is by far the easiest way for the average person to gain an understanding of what cryptocurrencies are and how they work, but more importantly, the immense power of full consensus distributed ledger technology and the impact it will have on our daily lives.
I’m a precious metals dealer, and one thing I’ve learned is that gold, silver, and now free market decentralized cryptocurrencies, represent freedom.  
Because of this knowledge, I started investing in cryptocurrencies long ago and also became one of the first precious metals dealers to accept bitcoin as payment for gold and silver.
I would really appreciate it if you could share this video with everyone you know. 
I think it’s very important that as many people as possible find out about the changes to the global monetary system that are happening right now… nothing will affect us more, and everyone’s future depends on it.
Thanks, Mike
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:36:54
silkblueberry, thank you for your comment, that's a good point. I'll pass your message along to Mike. So you think if Hashgraph was released into the wild as open source, it would encounter performance limitations similar to Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-19 16:51:01
So what did you all think of this episode?
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:23:16
"If you want to play cat and mouse with the IRS, it will serve you well to remember just who is the mouse, or it's going to cost you a lot in penalties and interest one day." —Mike Maloney
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:27:26
To understand where Bitcoin is going, it's important to understand the dynamics of monetary history.