@_author: goldmundo
@_date: 2014-10-28 12:09:53
It's not laws that govern these things - it's international standards. That the very purpose of ISO, to make sure every person and every company and every cash register across the globe mean the same thing when they say the same thing. 
Since we can't have a few different units to fit everyone's preferences, we have to choose one that fits most people's needs in the most harmonious way and with the best possible chance of mass adoption.
@_date: 2014-10-28 11:42:22
Metric prefixes can help you in informal conversation, very elegantly too. 
But when you get your bill for an item you are purchasing the amount stated will be based on whatever unit is standardised as the base unit. So your bill will never be able to use the advantage of the metric system and inform you that your cup of coffee costs 8.23 mXBT. The cash register machine will have to print the bill in standardised units and that will be 0.00823000 and because it can't print the price with 8 decimals, it simply won't. So you won't be able to use your beloved bitcoin to purchase that coffee.
There are workarounds, there is the future development of POS technology, but we don't have the luxury of waiting for the whole world to change to accommodate our oddball currency. We must make it easy to adopt and use for as many people and businesses as possible.
And standardisation is one extremely important and effective tool we have to achieve that.. or screw it up big time... Let's do the right thing, people.
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:50:22
For me this whole part about "final solution" is barely comprehensible. I am not even sure if you're making some kind of a weird practical joke or you're being serious. Though from the way you guys sound it seems you're not kidding. Which then confuses me even more. 
Do you never ever use the words final and solution to describe something that is, well, the final solution? How do you politically correctly refer to a final solution? For a moment I thought to change the image but then I realised how utterly ridiculous this is and I really don't have to tend to everyone's politically correct madness.
If there is someone who is genuinely offended by this, I can only say I am sorry you feel that way, but try to see that those are plain words of English language, used appropriately, without any context whatsoever to suggest any connection with Nazi Germany or Jews or anything remotely connected with all of those things. And I even feel extremely weird for having to write this message. 
@_date: 2014-10-28 11:13:51
I also prefer metric system. But this issue is not as simple as what you are representing it to be. 
One reason for this is that you may not realise that where decimal point is now is not some kind of God given position that is engraved in stone and can never be changed. Nakamoto's White Paper specifically does mention the possibility of moving the decimal point in the future.
Where it is now is where the creators of the Bitcoin system put it in the beginning when it was not clear if or how far in the future the currency will take off and start growing in value. If Nakamoto decided not to use decimal point at all but express amounts in what truly is the base unit (1 satoshi) perceived value of this currency would seem too unattractive to prospective initial adopters. Even today, 1 such bitcoin would be worth next to nothing.
Ideally, we would all wait until 1 satoshi is valuable enough to standardise as the main unit. We can't wait that long unfortunately. We need standards and we need them now. If we chose 1 satoshi now it would go too much in the opposite direction and even further emphasise the (valid) argument of anti-bit camp - too large amounts for pricing everyday items. Too large numbers are better than too small numbers but they are still not good.
Therefore, bit addresses this in a balanced way. Far from perfect, it is an optimal balance that solves major shortcomings of the existing overly large base unit and doesn't go too far to the right so as to become unusable in the opposite way.
@_date: 2014-10-29 16:59:01
Oh, just buzz off.
@_date: 2014-10-29 04:17:41
I can't help but side with the OP, even though I also see the benefits of regulation and accountability initiatives.
I would definitely like to see the depth of Bitcoin's potential to enable a kind of "organic taxing". So instead of being forced to give a chunk of your money to support the US military abuse for instance, you'd have a chance to willingly support the area of society where you wish to see things improved, regardless of artificial political borders. Such organic taxing seems like the only natural choice for a Type 1 civilisation.
While there surely would be individuals who would choose to pay zero taxes even with such full freedom, I strongly believe majority of people would feel good paying taxes if they could choose what they support with their money and if no entity would have the power to use oppressive methods to extract tax money forcefully. Speaking from experience, I sure do feel good about the fact that I achieved this freedom (to a certain extent) and I am definitely more than happy to spend a large chunk of my money for the betterment of this world.
However, various kinds of shady characters who are taking advantage of the unregulated market to get away with their criminal activities should have something to make them think twice before committing such acts.
How to make sure both sides of the coin are taken care of in a balanced way? - I don't know but I'm hoping we'll find out soon enough.
@_date: 2014-10-29 12:25:33
No offence meant to your design people but there's some top of the line design out there in the bitcoin space the quality of which you are supposed to meet or exceed. Frankly, your site doesn't come near Circle in terms of GUI and UX. Forget about trust-midnight-blue in this case. The Zeitgeist ran over it and white, fresh, simple, humane is the name of the game nowadays.
Other than design, you should find one or more things you can do better than Circle or Coinbase. You are local and use it as your advantage. Make it impossible for them to compete with you in those specific aspects of your offering.
If you have no money, it's gonna be tough. Very tough. Get some money so you can support the next phase in which you have to reorganise and refocus so that you can do what I described above.
Make it dead simple for people to use your site and understand instantly how your site is better for their particular needs than the alternatives. 
Imagine buying a subway ticket in the most modern areas of Germany or Switzerland. Imagine the experience, along with how graphically simple the symbols and text are (Helvetica typeface, very professional icons or symbols, minimalist and straight to the point...) Try to go for this theme perhaps, to achieve an authentic, sleek, modern German UX. Sprinkle it with some strong photography to give it life (I recommend Stocksy.com, used by Apple, HP, Conde Nast, etc. yet affordable and RF).
I hope this helps.
(Disclosure: About 5% of imagery available for sale on Stocksy.com is owned by my businesses.)
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:38:44
I appreciate constructive input. I personally don't like when people go around showing off proudly their victim paranoia. The other day I said "my dear ladies" when speaking to the female part of a certain forum audience. Some women got insulted by this. It's all the same victim mentality with different faces. It's tolerated and even encouraged in the US, but please understand that in other parts of the world we don't have the same threshold for self-pitty and over the top political correctness.
Although initially irritated by what I perceived to be grossly exaggerated sensitivity, I see the point and have no reason to insist on keeping it formulated that way. I've changed the image. Thanks for your input.
@_date: 2014-10-29 10:59:00
For someone who cares dearly about nuances of verbal expression and protecting others' feelings, you have a very poisonous, hateful style of expressing yourself. 
Get a shrink, a guru or go spend some time in wilderness alone. Otherwise, you may get cancer or something and your sorrow and bitterness will virtually eat you alive. If you're a teenager still, maybe it's not that serious (just hormones at work) but you should definitely go out more and get more sexually active. ;) &lt;3
@_date: 2014-10-29 11:14:42
That's what poor people usually think (not saying you're one of them). But in my opinion poor people should not pay tax, they should pay to learn how not to be poor. Most people who get out of the vicious circle of poverty are happy to support good causes and work on improving the world around them. (And to be clear, by my definition, poor are not only those who are worried about their next meal. Those worrying about getting fired and not being able to pay the next loan instalment for their Toyota are in pretty much the same boat.)
The system we have now relies on taxing the poor and keeping them in the dark about how easy it actually is to live in abundance. The system that thrives on mass poverty (not much different than the one pictured in The Matrix film).
@_date: 2014-09-25 11:04:04
Thank you, I was also thinking it might be a bit too fat.. but didn't want to make it overly skinny neither. :)
@_date: 2014-10-28 08:59:56
I'm one of those guys :) and it's been a fiery discussion, to say the least. Now it seems that both within the Foundation (including its Financial Standards Working Group) and in the wider public, bits are the prevailing option. 
However, some people are still refusing to accept this and seem to be intending to submit the application for 100000000 instead. Hence this promo effort initiated by me and other people who strongly believe bits is the way to move forward.
As for your other comment, ISO 4217 code (XBT), if judging by other major currencies, is not something that necessarily influences or is directly related phonetically with the currency name or unit name. Thus, USD and dollar do not sound similar, nor do CHF and Swiss franc... 
@_date: 2014-10-28 21:02:26
What looks huge for one person or group of people, may be of minor importance elsewhere. Not because these other people are less virtuous, but because they just don't see the problems in the same places where you see them. 
When I watched the 2011 French film "Intouchables" with my Asian girlfriend a while ago, there was a scene where the main character is changing repeatedly the style of his moustache before an important date. One of the styles he jokingly put on was the well known Führer style, to which my Asian girl exclaimed "Charlie Chaplin!" You would not believe to which extent people here in Asia are not seeing the western society's cultural and historical phenomena in the same way you as a Westerner do.
In the same fashion, where I come from (the Balkans) if you'd tell someone what you had told me here regarding how I used words "final destination" someone would probably physically attack you. They just wouldn't believe you're being seriously offended and would probably think you're mocking them or something.
I guess one of the beautiful things bitcoin is teaching us is how to be global citizens. Although my initial reaction was like "what the fuck are these looneys talking about" a few hours later I feel humble, have no wish to change anyone's perception of the said wording and have changed the image to remove the offending phrase. For the rest of my life, I will have the sensitivity regarding this syntagm and will think twice before using it in certain cultural surroundings. I personally still may not see any issue with using it, but I definitely recognise that some people might. 