@_author: goldankthememarch
@_date: 2017-08-05 20:27:48
I don't know, really. Every important things still work with paper. I bet there are printed records of everyone's account somewhere in the headquarters of banks. This is not the case for bitcoins. Also, would there be a big shortage, it would take decades to fully take effect after it is announced -- granted, we already know that we will have trouble with petrol in 70 years. Sounds like enough time to gracefully adapt into not using any.
@_date: 2017-08-05 19:17:59
I disagree with this. Banking existed long before electricity was a thing, as far as I know.
Edit : accidentaly answered to you citation :/ let's take it as an additional answer to the quoted message.
@_date: 2017-08-05 17:52:35
No, this is actually a big joke. The bitcoin system is extremely well designed but suffers from a huge flaw. Indeed it does not use a third party to garantee transaction. Instead it uses the worktime (not workforce but worktime) of a huge network of computers. The fact that garantee is based on worktime and not workforce is supposed to prevent hacking from becoming trivial because of augmentation of computers power.
But indexation on worktime also means that bitcoin safety is directly backed by energy consumption. As long as computer power rises, their energy consumption rise alike. If an energy crisis happens and the price of electricity skyrockets, the network that garantees bitcoins will crumble as mining becomes economically inefficient. Miners would rarify, until the point where the currency becomes easy to hack and therefore unstable, then is completely given up. Meanwhile, banks can work with pens and papers would the need arise, making them effectively crisis proof.
Now, I'm no economy specialist, so if someone wants to point me wrong, they are welcome.
@_date: 2017-08-05 18:41:01
It's funny that you are saying "think before you post" as you don't even know what an energy crysis is. An energy crysis is not a blackout, it's a time where producing energy becomes VERY expensive, and that will definitely happen before 2200, unless human population seriously declines (it wont).
And you are doubly wrong in assuming that no one will have energy in such crysis. Some will, some won't. Quebec has the best and cheapest energy in the world, they are over 90% hydroelectric, so unless we seriously fuck up climate, they are loaded.
It might not even matter, though. Maybe we won't use money anymore in 100 years (ok I don't really believe that but it is more likely than the idea that banks will disappear in front of bitcoins).
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:30:58
Would a lot of people go hungry without electricity ? Probably. Would we all die without electricity ? Not really. Things that worked a century ago are still taught today. Only big buildings and modern fantaisies would crumble. Personally, I could carry on my life without much difference except less screens, no Internet and less activities at night. My pay would probably go much higher since I possess skills for tasks that are currently done mostly by computers. Now, money would still need to be backed up, and goods would still have to be transported. That will just become more expensive, which means more poor people, as in, buy one set of clothes every year poor. Would bitcoins still work in that environment ? Possibly, but with very high transaction fees. Maybe useful to launder money or things like that.
@_date: 2017-08-05 19:43:02
That makes sense. 
Now, wouldn't that let the currency vulnerable to a large attack by a powerful actor like a government or a transnational company ?
The way I see things, bitcoins value can only go up in time, because they are overall really safe, while the difficulty of maintaining the whole structure safe will only increase, mostly because technologies in hardware and cryptography always improve, but also because as bitcoins take more value, they draw more attention. If energy becomes scarce, governments will control most of available energy. I have a feeling that the security that keeps bitcoins safe and trusted for now will not hold governments back in 100 years (maybe even in 20 years if things go awry). In those conditions, I am easily seeing a superpower like USA or Russia taking bitcoins down if they challenge their suppremacy a bit too much. It's not like USA have not done such things before...
This won't happen all of a sudden and for now, bitcoins are safe as hell. But since the post is about supplanting world banking, I think it is necessary to see far and wide. 
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:04:44
I pretty much agree with you. Bitcoins as they are now are one of the safest investment one can make. They have proved their efficiency and have reached a big potential.
Now, I still think discussing the distant future is important. The flow of time is faster than ever. Maybe people will figure out the solutions of the problems we can think of. But what if we can figure out a much more urgent problem while looking for answers ? Even though I think bitcoins are safe for the next 100 years, I am kinda worried about in what state they will be in 20 years. Also, I feel like Reddit is a nice place to discuss theories and learn about a subject. A lot of knowledgeable and patient people around there. So maybe the questions I am asking are useless. But I don't really care, I am here on my free time. I get paid at my work and I wonder about the future when I go home. Maybe if one of my current personal projects works and I become rich, I'll start wondering about the future when I work and then, I'll stop asking pointless questions. Or maybe I won't ;)
@_date: 2017-08-06 16:48:53
That would be very interesting to see. It could participate in the Great Unification that I (optimistically) expect before 2100.
@_date: 2017-08-06 20:37:36
So if I were to believe your words, famine usually solve themselves after a couple of week because everyone is dead ? That's not how it works...
What you are saying might happen in the USA, a country famous for its low value of human life and its unconditional love for cold blood murder.
In country populated by sane people, most of them know that helping each others is a better surviving strategy. Plus, everyone would own a weapon or two after some time if things went awry, making reckless agression or even home invasion a very bad move.
You know, some countries in the world are in a state of general hunger since decades. And they are still inhabited by millions, most of which happen to have a job. 
I'm ok with being called naive. But can you back your claim with an actual study ? The world did not wait for a cataclysm to go hungry. Look around you. Almost a billion people are hungry year long. Don't believe what you see in movies.