@_author: gollazio
@_date: 2014-12-17 05:54:25
@_date: 2015-01-02 06:37:17
Unreal. Lost all respect. 
Pretending to "put the community first" by allowing shady people who create centralized alt currencies/ponzies to speak on the BITCOIN conference so that "People can make their voices heard" is ridicules.
You are giving the guy a platform to spread lies and misinformation.
You are not helping the community at all, you are making the waters muddy, attracting controversy and blatantly hurting Bitcoins reputation by associating it with thiefs. 
 my ticket
Edit: How about setting a standard that says "People who are proven to publicly lie for their own self interest and/or directly involved in projects that pray upon Bitcoin for personal gain, are not welcome"
Grow some balls
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:19:53
That is possible the most ridiculous statement this week. Does the author realize how large the Chinese stock market is compared to Bitcoin? 
Its literately as stupid as saying that 2014 might have been a good year for US trade,  due to the release of new Taylor Swift album.
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:51:40
I was simply stating a fact.. Personally I as everyone else involved in Bitcoin obv don't believe that any third party should hold peoples keys.
And the statement you just made: "this community believed.." referring to MT.Gox collapse has no relevance to the point I just made.
I have no new info or reason to say anything about Bitstamp being insolvent or not, but as I pointed out, your first point about the ID checks is weak given the guidelines that exist.
And to seal it up completely, they would obv be strict on this even if they wasn't required to by law, because its generating profit, which any company wants regardless of their solvency or not.
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:24:04
To your first point, its a common trend among all internet services that deal with money to do so. Take a look at poker sites for example, they wont send you a single dollar without verifying your ID.
And given the controversy surrounding Bitcoin and the spotlight on drug money, it would be actually be more surprising if Bitstamp was not extremely diligent on verifying their users
@_date: 2015-01-09 08:53:26
Thanks for the gold! I appreciate that a lot! :)
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:53:15
Sure, but it wouldn't even move the Chinese stock market +0.000000001
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:18:29
I hope pancake reads this:
I feel your pain, getting fooled is both embarrassing/hard to admit and often costly. But, you seem to be listening and on the verge of opening them eyes of yours.
First of all, ask yourself this question: If you heard about Paycoin for the first time today, you looked into it, did your "due diligence" would you invest 100% of your available funds? 50%? 10? zero?
This question is so important to consider, because asking it to yourself makes everything easier. Most of us have been there, if not scammed, we have some failed projects or paths we took that somewhere within it we felt trapped and just couldn't walk away. Its called ["sunk cost fallacy"](
The brain is astonishing at many things, including fooling itself into believing what it wants, especially if its wrapped up in something interesting and meaningful (shout-out to all them religions out there)
Now, Im not expert at paycoin. But what I do hear just bings all the warning bells and imo a solid case could be made against almost all alternative crypto currencies. There just isn't a market for it, (apart from speculation) and Bitcoin who has near 100% of the "actually used for its purpose market" will continue to develop on it self and improve, with a hoard of nice and talented people who contribute solely for the betterment of it.
At the core of all this is, decentralization.
Its the heart of Bitcoin and fortunately the one thing scammers struggle to replicate in a manner that they can profit on.
But you see all these attempts, how many alt currencies do we have already? How many of them are created for malicious reasons? A lot, but ofcourse some have potentials but then outside of Bitcoins realm, by actually solving a problem and setting itself up to create its own space.
Paycoin however, is hugely centralized, so much so that is should be renamed "paygaw", not only that but its whole momentum was built on the promise of VC investors and a "get rich quick scheme" etc.
It doesn't create its own space, nor solve any problems Bitcoin cant. Yet, it wants to directly compete and somehow get everyone who uses bitcoin to jump ship.
Why would anyone choose Paycoin over Bitcoin given the choice? 
I mentioned before many alt coins are made with malicious intent, no surprise there, on the contrary its almost strange there aren't more considering the fact that its so easy to create one, little risk in terms of investment, an exploding market, a surplus of miners looking for the next big thing and others who are desperate afraid to miss the next "Bitcoin train"
Any logical person would expect to see various shady individuals backing and/or starting coins, creating marketing campaigns, building hype, promising the world if you just invest in their coin. Sadly it works, and it will continue to. People are just people.
In the end, you have to make a decision. Do you want to sit around and wait for what Joash Garzia says or does with his crypto currency? Hoping that everyone in Bitcoin decentralized-land joins the paygaw sekt and finally gives one company/man the reigns of internet money.
Can you really visualize a future where everyone hails to the king Josh Garzia? and we all wishfully sit there and wait for a blogpost about what new feature paybase will implement in 2-3months?
No ofcourse not, what willl you do about it tho? Is today the day you make logical and decisions that are in your own best interest, or perhaps you wait a few days, just incase the paycoin value goes up?
How many do you think are in that "wait a little longer" boat atm? Noah would be in awe.
Meanwhile Josh is making tons of cash, not only on a hefty paycoin holding he has been selling on top of that hype daily, but also on mining services, which mines "his coins"..
Its almost impressive, what the paycoin lacks in real innovation he compasated with taking scamming to a whole new level.
Only question now is, can it be topped? It would be hard, but never doubt greed, within the end of 2015 we will probably see a premined coin, given out by a mining company pretending it was mined, while it mines Btc and pumbs its own coin with returns, while building hype for a 4-7months long con.
In the end though, all scam currencies live of one thing, hype. The day someone actually figures out something of value that can live side by side with Bitcoin you probably wont hear about it until everyone else does.
And another note worth considering, if you invest into something solely on someones word and they fail to deliver on the first opportunity they have, Its probably safe to say it wont work out. especially in a market riddles with scams and get rich schemes. And, when that does happen and everyone sits there with something that actually cant be used for anything, and its dwindling in value while the invention of the millenium (Btc) is there looking directly at you, perhaps you should reconsider your path.
Or just stick it out and wait, perhaps paycoin will be super huge next week.
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:03:41
You do realize that the scammers/thiefs flood the market  themselves, creating false sense of activity and the appears that "a lot of people are getting doubled"
@_date: 2015-01-06 13:24:06
You do realize how tight Bitstamp is with most of the member of the Bitcoin association/ and other large holders right? And the fact that before anything was publicly known about the hack thousands of coins where dumped?
So we have a market crash,  later roamers float around that the largest bitcoin exchange has been hacked. You cant be saying that's a coincidence..
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:41:17
Obv their only goal was to steal as much money as they could, as evident with all of these ponzi sites. They are not breaking the law because they want to have fun.
You say that "if they wanted to scam they would have done it Jan 9-10. when they had 2500 btc holding"
The wast majority of those (if they ever had that much) was their own funds, obv and with complete control of the market + zero risk, they could so easily deposit their own money, perhaps make some huge bets for publicity, pay themselves the double with zero risk from other peoples deposits.
Only problem is that after they do this, the ship will go down once the victims money is due to the paid.
Meanwhile they buy facebook likes and twitter followers, make multiple forum posts and fake activity to give credence to their service.
So in reality there are not that many victims, as evident with the little attention these ponzies get after they close. Had "thousands" of people been scammed, as the 2500btc figure indicates, then it would be noticeable. However,what you see are 5-10 people post something about losing a smallish amount.
actually just read that these same guys behind this ponzi ran another one a couple months ago that closed as well.
In the end, after website design, various paid advertisement and the effort it takes to maintain a ponzi like this, they probably come out with a okay profit. Perhaps around 20-50Btc, if they did well.
Couple of months later, they redo it all again. new domain name and same approuch
@_date: 2015-01-08 18:44:32
of course :)
@_date: 2015-01-31 22:54:40
Not that the sole goal is to bring crypto to the masses. As long as Bitcoin is secure, decentralized and convenient everyone should be happy and adoption will follow at a reasonable/natural pace.
I guess what im trying to say is that the community shouldn't value an idea on the basis on how appealing it is to the masses, not "smart contracts" nor this one, another great, useful idea.
Edit: if we did things for sake of mass adoption, Mr Satoshi's middle name would be "Rollback"
@_date: 2015-01-05 17:27:19
The fact that the Bitcoin price is not continuing to fall is all the info you need.
Who needs news, information and dialog from the "industry leader" when you can just watch the insiders trade and draw 100% accurate assumptions based on it.
@_date: 2015-01-17 01:53:03
I believe Karpelles was involved, however it makes zero sense for him to: "he transferred Silk Road and a shitload of Gox/SR coins to Ulbricht's custody."
why would he give Ulbricht all the coins...... 
 
@_date: 2015-01-16 00:29:32
No, selling that large amount of bitcoins draws attention and if your plan was to run away, Bitcoins is actually what you want to have..
@_date: 2015-01-07 19:20:43
That is strange.
Still tho, overwhelmingly likely Bitsamp will make everyone hole
@_date: 2015-01-06 07:56:07
If they sat on bad news, they would sell their grandma, empty their kids savings accounts and blow lots of dicks on the corner to get some more.
Trust me, they would get hold of endless amounts to short if they knew Bitstamp was insolvent.
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:38:44
Your right, that's true actually, that does change things. Still though its a stretch/creative thinking to say that + in Chinese market means - for Bitcoin. (especially since its pretty established why it crashed, with the hack/inside trading)
But, that doesn't change the fact that I was wrong and you correct, unfortunately. hehe. I need glasses :/
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:01:52
You do realize that the huge returns early on is the scammers paying themselves right?
If there was a chart made, of all the BTC ponzies and ROI you would be surprised. Probably for every 100btc paid, around 1-5btc is returned.
@_date: 2015-01-09 09:05:47
True, also I think there is a lot of "ghost posting" if that's what its called, where he either himself or someone he pays fakes agreeing posts and general activity. (I think its very safe to assume at this point)
Everything Josh does has a taint of shadiness it seems. Wouldn't even surprise me if the reason why he bought that exchange site was so that he could use his bots and fake trades/daily volume without having to pay fees. It would surely give people the illusion that the coin is active/strong
My guess, is that the real scam/plan is to at this stage sell coins offmarket at what would appear to be a huge discount to some unaware victims. Even to some smart investors it would not be as obvious what is going on here, as crypto itself is to technical for many to fully understand. If that fails he can just continue to profit on mining services for the coin and small sells daily if the market allows for it probably :(
@_date: 2015-01-21 06:12:55


Isn't that what a jury should do?
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:01:07
So funny, the crazy thing is that there is an answer to that question and we might not be that far away atm.
@_date: 2015-01-08 04:09:56
Did you just tip me $20? Damn! Thanks!
I will give that forward, that's a promise :)
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:44:25
Sorry I forgot one of the requirements was being able to successfully operate a machine and write words.
@_date: 2015-01-22 08:26:16


Wasn't the guy the lead investigator on the case? And he was actually called in to witness on behalf of the state, so in that sense they believed his first hand information was valuable and relevant, apparently as long as it was in their favor.
I get what you mean about undocumented claims/statements, but I feel here it just doesn't apply the same way, although its my personal opinion, and  a very uneducated one.
Guy is probably THE guy who knows the most about the case and if the Karpelles statements was "hearsay" and not possible to backup, why didn't the prosecutor just ask simple questions such as "but now, looking back do you think Karpelles was involved?"..
Reason why they didn't has to be that the theory still has merit, if not it could so easily have been pointed out by the same witness. Who would be the best person to actually answer that question.


I think this is what they have to do, although risky as you stated it could be their only chance. Clearly seems like Karpelles involvement is more than likely at this point. If not directly involved he as by his own statement admitted to know who ran the site a long time ago.
You don't know who runs one the largest drug markets, admit that to the FBI under legal pressure, while asking for umunity without some kind of questionable involvement.
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:27:30
OP said so, both in the title of this thread and in the linked article :)
@_date: 2015-01-01 06:04:24
This is kinda huge news!
First off, they obv are referring to user-accounts on Mt.Gox, not bitcoin adresses. (they are cyber crime investigators, if they meant btc addresses they would have made sure to get that across)
And the fact that those records where deleted is a big deal. Whoever stole the coins, had not only access to move MT.Gox balances around, but also the ability to hide all their activity and the ability + desire to delete their traces afterwards.
Now consider this, if someone was skilled enough to gain such access within MT.Gox from the outside, wouldn't you assume they would be able to make the deleted data unrecoverable? And why would they be interested in hiding those arbitrary traces in the first place? (seems like only an insider would)
Wouldn't it also be in the "hackers" best interest to keep the MT.Gox ship rolling by siphoning off smaller amounts and walk away at a reasonable time with arguably more value and "peace of mind" instead causing the chaos and international interest?
Also it goes a long way to imply that the "creation of MT.Gox funds" was a recurring thing, which begs the question, how could they not notice? I would imagine the share volume of funds moving is near impossible to not notice, at so many different steps. And when considering it went unnoticed until almost all the funds was gone is ridiculous and can only mean that 1 person had access to view the relevant data, and that same person obv is at blame.
In my view its sortof obv what happend:
As we know karpelles bought MT.Gox and "transformed" it into an Bitcoin exchange website. I would assume this was not that easy, and as we know at that point Karpelles was a "strugling" webdesigner of trade with several shady practices and undelivered/failed projects.
Now, running the exchange in the early days probably was not that profitable, the volume was low, many bugs, and whatever the site did make was probably in BTC, which at that time was unstable as fuck.
So, what does Karpelles do? Well he starts using the users balances for operational and living costs. Not that surprising/shocking at all, he needs to eat and atm all his attention is within this project and in fact its super common for business that hold users money todo so, although its illegal. Its not that risky either as it can easily be estimated what amount of "dead money" is sitting there on average. Even Full tilt poker, one of the most reputable poker sites in the world did it, and went bankrupt. How did they go bankrupt? Because of an "unexpected market change" which was that the FBI froze their accounts for allowing gambling in the US. Now they had to pay the players back, but oops, that money was not there. Now, same situation with MT.Gox, an "unexpected market change" which in this case was an astronomical rise in value. And suddenly those worhless Bitcoins Karpelles lived on was worth 1k+. Not to mention that operational costs increased significantly as well, causing Karpelles to digg deeper into user funds while Btc continued to skyrocket + most of the trading profit MT.Gox made was on Btc that didn't actually exist.
Btw, the only difference in these two examples is that Fulltilt poker didn't try to hide the fact, and "claim a hack" as MT.Gox did, as it would be impossible to do so in their case. However with bitcoin its convenient and feasible to go that route and for sure what a lot of people would have attempted in similar spot. Its so easy to say "not my fault, it was hacked" much easier than to say "I used users funds to finance the website and my own living expenses as I had carefully estimated that the average user balance volume was sufficient to maintain the site, I had no choice, I needed money and who would have thought Bitcoin would suddenly be worth 500x more in just a couple months.
To not believe in this theory, you would have to say that Karpelles who has been proven to have done shady business deals in the past, suddenly had access to a reasonable amounts of "dead money" just sitting in users accounts, without touching any of it....
Now factor in that MT.Gox employes said that Karpelles was "distant and rarely at the office leading up to the crisis"  
And when he couldn't ignore the elepanth in the room that he created, he scrambled for any excuse blaming a transaction problem everyone had known about for years and that now investigators says was insignificant. To me this is evidence of a "trend", whenever Karpelles is under pressure he takes the most convenient route, and in this case,  fessing up to using costumers bitcoins in the early days just isn't that easy to to.
The end
Btw, for the record I have 200btc on gox, (or 200btc invested into MT.Gox and Karpelles living expenses) whichever way you want to put it.
@_date: 2015-01-17 02:15:08
good points, this is worth considering
@_date: 2015-01-21 08:07:39
But the fact that someone who has worked on the silkroad investigation for years pulls in Karpelles doesn't qualify as evidence?
I mean, if all trails only was about "solid evidence", there would be like 99% less black people in jail. USA is sending grandmas in jail for life because a cop said something in court.. Or even bc one eye witness conveniently heard something in jail and is released a couple months after he testifies on behalf of the prosecutor.
Now we have a someone who isn't just a cop, but was the lead investigator on THE SAME CASE and what he thinks is deemed "speculation" and not appropriate for the jury?
And the fact that information like this has not been made available for the defense before the trail cant be fair. The police is literately sitting on information that would be helpful for the accused but not sharing it, and when the topic is lightly brushed upon during court its deemed not helpful because it "encourages speculation"
@_date: 2015-01-09 09:30:15
He used other peoples money for a high risk investment, without disclosing that fact I assume. And if that's not bad enough, he didn't even do more than basic research into it, because if he had it would be obvious that it was not a good idea.
With that said tho, obv feel bad for the guy. But at the end of the day, he is responsibly for his own actions, which in this case was fraud..
I don't understand why people keep giving their money to Josh, like how can they realistically visualize the whole market merging from decentralized Bitcoin, to "joshcoin"
@_date: 2015-01-13 12:57:47
Giving your money away to thief's is not called gambling, just saying.
Sry for ur loss tho
@_date: 2015-01-13 12:20:57
I guess we will find out tomorrow, that's how this works.
@_date: 2015-08-02 17:24:43
You have a point, although put yourself in Barr's situation. He has done more than most people would. 
And he likely may not legally have been able to say anything really, or at least would put himself in harm by doing so.
@_date: 2015-08-01 12:23:18
So why are everyone saying that there was? Threads on bitcointalk are saying that that no only was there a premine, but soon after the max amount of coins was decreased (making the premine more valuable). According to some the name change was an attempt to bury the premine controversy.
If the devs have denied this and/or at least responded please give me link. All i know are from various threads on bitcointalk. If there wasn't a premine I stand corrected.
The "red herring" reference is completely irrelvant here. I'm simply bringing up the fact that there appears to be a scam here, which is the reasonable thing to do when a coin is mentioned favorable on r/bitcoin. We have responsibility as a community to at least not help scammers pray on newbies.
Or are you saying that all subjects discussed should be solely on the topic without any reference or relevant information brought in? Ridiculous. I even asked a question. Anyone could have said "No, it was not. Here is proof" and that would have been the end of that.
There was a premine 100% confirmed.
You're a shill, 100% ur post are dark/dash spam
@_date: 2015-07-30 14:40:15
Isn't Dash that coin that got premined by shady devs?
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:33:44
100% depends on ur general situation
@_date: 2015-04-05 21:43:55


Isn't there a lot of similar writings from that period and this for random reason was one of the collection that survived? Not to mention that some are pure copies of Egyptian fairytales. Back then, pretending to be god or gods son was a common thing it seems.
I just find it hard to speak highly of anyone who lies and make up stuff, for their own selfish reasons. But we are on the same page though mostly (no pun intended). I just disagree slightly with the "message of love and courage" because it really isn't. Its mostly about moral-policing, senseless violence and lies.


This is so true and hilarious that so few religious people are aware of it. I just cant fathom how narrow-minded a person has to be to not think that far. The bible obviously has no value or meaning today really, apart from what it tells us about humans general logical thinking capabilities.
@_date: 2015-04-05 17:11:26
Plot twist: Jesus is actually a fictional character, the bible is a fairytale, without banks we would be fucked and 500years behind on technology but Bitcoin is still great.
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:08:13
This is HUGE news, neteller has a mastercard so a lot of people can now easily send coins there and instantly use the card in shops.
Not to mention its a very popular service amongst poker players, so its another foot inside that market.
@_date: 2015-03-14 09:28:13
I read that, checked the price and we are down $18. As expected.
@_date: 2015-03-20 03:32:58
The day after it had recovered though and the price value continued to increased rite?
@_date: 2015-03-19 04:20:46


If I remember correctly Bitcoin actually increased in value after SilkRoad went down
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:58:31
Please tell us the story in which you lost bitcoins without having the private keys 
@_date: 2015-02-04 17:39:14
Before you do anything, just copy the wallet.dat and move it onto and usb or separate hardisc. 
(google how to find wallet.dat it if your unsure)
That contains your Bitcoin, so even though something goes wrong you still have a legit backup.
@_date: 2015-02-15 14:35:51
Godaddy is terrible