@_author: goodwill_2015
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:24:37
Did you get your needed answers here? Why did you reopen for visibility after a long time? Do you need any help now?
@_date: 2016-08-14 15:49:39
I like this new concept of crow funding. But how it can be?
@_date: 2016-08-17 12:20:14
Try wesellcrypto.com to buy btc. Or, try weselldoge.com to buy doge and convert them to btc.
@_date: 2016-08-13 11:13:31
Try buying $2 worth of dogecoin from [ and convert it to bitcoin using shapeshift or other exchanges. 
@_date: 2016-08-14 16:02:41
Yes! I know about kickstarter. Thanks for the brief.
@_date: 2016-08-03 17:35:36
Good luck to all. Just want to join to your hands!
Split your giveaway to reach lot of people is my HO.
@_date: 2016-08-14 15:50:31
How much I can earn per link? How many times I can earn?
@_date: 2016-08-19 09:29:11
Provide more information. First, try to contact support.
@_date: 2015-12-24 23:38:57
Merry Christmas All!
@_date: 2015-06-09 23:09:03
@_date: 2015-05-12 17:38:53
Lol! This is not advised here. If you have a real business in hand. There are lot of places on the web to raise money including bitcoin. Dig more on net and reddit. You're just a 3 minutes account.
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:33:35
~~1.You can directly use xmlgold.eu to get bitcoins without id.~~
~~2. Create a Perfectmoney account, load funds into perfectmoney with xmlgold.eu, use ecoin.eu or btc-e to exchange perfectmoney to bitcoins. No ids required by both exchanges, if you use perfectmoney to buy and sell bitcoin there.~~
~~3. You can directly convert fiat to btc-e code, bitcoin, ecoin.eu code, perfectmoney with xmlgold.eu, loads of options.~~
~~4. Remember, you need to know the fees structure there.~~
Not useful, Now they included verification to process via bank.
[Note: I'm not affiliated with any of these, and I don't earn anything by mentioning these sites here]
@_date: 2015-05-13 20:53:09
I like the new design. But if you include expand/collapse beneath the transaction archive is a better one than this. That will make it more faster than this. I think it will be more flexible for customers than showing a popup. There is no need to worry about popup blockers too. 
Suggesting to use colors for receive/send (+|-) to visually interpret it quickly.
On top: Along with Balance:0 bits, you can include sent: 0 bits and Received: 0 bits., Spendable : 0 bits.
Why don't you include sent|received tabs under transactions?
@_date: 2017-02-19 15:53:51
I feel for everyone.
@_date: 2017-02-01 05:39:59
Start a small business with very few btcs. Route the profit from the business towards own house buying sentiments.
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-02-19 15:53:42
I understand that.
@_date: 2015-05-12 16:58:15
Oh! You're that fast to reply here. Great.
@_date: 2015-05-12 16:46:01
I'm very new to the crypto community. I don't know you all read my humble comment here. If you do so, I would be happy. 
1. For Food drive donations, if miners of all coins and pool operators join together, they can make it a mass drive to raise funds. If every miner donate a very very minor portion of the mining earnings and convert them to bitcoin and donate to charity activities like this, this will give a lot of bitcoins daily and ease the activity. This is my humble suggestion. I am not an expert/ have any mining experience and donating experience with bitcoin. 
2. Regarding Tails - Does it leave traces of usage in logs on internet somewhere else? And Tails seems to be an excellent live os. What is the progress state on its development/ready to use now?
3. For the first time, I'm seeing this big list of charities/activities that support bitcoins. I would have earned much in advance to help a little atleast. I might think I need hours to read all these charity activities and realize what they're doing. I'm too late.
4. And my best wishes to all projects you're working on, will work with. 
I think this is my second post since I join reddit, Best wishes to all @_date: 2015-05-13 20:42:23
Glad to hear that. Now artists can get tipped with bitcoin. Such a big move and support for artists and bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:21:13
Oh Thanks
@_date: 2017-02-19 12:53:23
Whenever bailout plans are announced, bitcoin community people spread it like a celebration. The country and their people are suffering a lot. It is a concern.
@_date: 2015-05-12 17:08:45
Nice one. My suggestions to publish articles relating to the hot, trending topics like 
"how can help nepal earthquake with bitcoin?" - charity
"Why do you need to have bigger block size?" - technology
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:26:16
Create a universal group. Appoint a communicator. Communicate each groups individually and address them the advantage of integrating all groups into one. Ask them to pick one rep. from their groups and let the rep. to participate in the integrated group. A crowdfunding to create the integrated group is appreciated. The integrated  group's primary role must to be to work with governments all over the world to regulate bitcoins and usable legally.
@_date: 2017-02-19 11:17:05
Lol! Password enabled!
@_date: 2015-05-13 21:31:37
First time I'm reading bitcoin for transportation. Good move.
@_date: 2017-03-31 17:31:03
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-03-31 16:39:06
1. None of us have left Bitcoin when we gain much or get a huge loss.
2. Bitcoin was worth less than a cent and now worth 1000 dollars and above. No one left.
3. Bitcoin is not regulated in most of the places. Everyone wants to hold bitcoin.
4. Many people after a long wait at a price below their desired price. Once they sold it, the price soars to the new level. 99% of the traders/holders here has the same problem.
5. There are plenty of people who started without a cent, has more than $100k in bitcoins. Agree?
6. Mostly people try to hype things in this channel.
7. There are only 21 Million bitcoins. But bitcoins are unlimited and still there are options for all 10 billion whole population to hold bitcoin. that is bitcoin unlimited.
8. Bitcoins creator Satoshi led the space for coders, enthusiasts, noobs, traders to have a new fortune. Evolvement of altnerate platforms like ETH, DASH, MONERO, WAVES are examples.
9. There are huge percent of scammers rather than honest people here.
10. Many people in the crypto space has different faces that are completely hidden and can't be related between faces.
11. Everyday, fresh ideas from fresh talents try to flourish in the bitcoin space.
12. Bitcoin led the way for the importance of lightning network.
13. There are lot of places where bitcoin is trying to penetrate. But in vain due to lot of issues politically, financially and many more.
14. People are really trying to achieve unknown unbelievable ideas. The ratio of achievement and progress is not yet predictable. But the entire community is producing results to some extent.
15. Bitcoin gets more attention nowadays because of the diversely split community supporting various features to improve bitcoin. But, that is also one of the flaws of bitcoin community.
16. Taking bitcoin to every home is impossible for atleast 10 years. Agree?
17. Bitcoin as a mainstream currency as a replacement to paper currency is impossible. Agree? But we as a whole tries to achieve it.
18. closure has a great impace in social channels. A good alternative is needed now.
19. I don't find a proper place from where I can get legal information about bitcoin laws, taxes and other implications.
20. There is no right compilation of startups based on bitcoin, cryptocurrency, related to cryptocurrencies.
21. Segwit, BU and other terms still confusing to 90% of the community members here.
22. There are lot of talks about faster bitcoin confirmations. Still, it is not achieved.
23. Why bitcoin is always leading against crypto currencies that claim altnerate to bitcoin which has tons of features like anonymity...?
24. Now altcoins price are fixed against btc and then referred to USD. Do you think that any altcoin overtake the prominence and monopoly of bitcoin in the future?
25. Bitcoin vs Humanity. What is your opinion?
26. Bitcoin serves more to gambling rather than gaming industry. Right?
27. Most people who are addicted to gambling that uses bitcoin/altcoin are playing illegally.
28. We are in lack of payment processers/payment gateways for the masses, though there are many available.
29. Many people look for upvotes/promotions/community attention/exposure all over the space by rewarding people in the same thread or from another forum. Right?
30. People always have controversial to each other in r/bitcoin and r/btc channels. Their own standings change often.
[Will continue again...]
Good luck All.
@_date: 2016-06-05 07:25:58
Larger block size means, a block can include more number of transactions that the maximum number of transactions it includes now. Which is directly proportional to increase in the size of the block. It also leads quicker confirmations.
@_date: 2017-01-06 12:08:40
I thought you will wait up to 5th January end before releasing the rewards. Am I late? However, these suggestions are useful to your site. Good luck.
@_date: 2017-01-19 18:38:31
Hi This is a great idea to launch a bot to trade from telegram. This is just the beginning. You need to go a long way.
I tried my small efforts to give you as much as suggestions to help you to make it better. However, I still need to show something else that I have included below. I will do that in coming days.
Good luck first.
I start with the wallet panel.
Add new address button in deposit btc (optional)
Reduce the withdrawal fee. Seems too high at this time. 0.0001 to 0.0003 is ok.
Or let users to set a high fee of their own if they want quicker withdrawal confirmations at times of large unconfirmed-transactions
Add "All" option to withdraw all available balance.
Gift code
There is no better information in the tool text. It says only "anyone can cashout". But how, where can the gift codes are claimable? What is the expiry time? Can the user set an expiry time?
How much fee is deducted to claim the gift code? Are there any exchanges available to directly redeem?
Do you allow direct transfer of funds between users? It will help users to exchange funds in no time. This is similar to exchanges like nova uses users unique transfer ids to instantly transfer funds.
Add "/breakchain" as a button in the wallet panel. That will be very handy to get out of the wallet panel than using /breakchain.
When I click the statement button, it shows three download options. When I click any of them, it automatically opens the default app associated with .csv files. Instead, just download to the local folder, or ask user to open csv after download.
When I enter amount in Withdraw amount field and in Gift code field, it says incorrect input. It should not be so.
It should be "Insufficient balance... You can maximum withdraw x amount" or "Insufficient balance... You can gift maximum of x amount"
Make relevant error messages.
This applies to clicking "Cancel" button also. Correct information.
About Service
You need to add changebot word in "About Service panel". If possible. Include website, social media links there.
I first clicked Terms. It shows the Terms.pdf download link + the text. Then I clicked Affiliate. Once I clicked it, Affiliate panel opens up with the "Invite users..." text following that Terms panel comes up followed by the referral link. Is it designed to show the terms panel between affiliate text and link? Or it is a glitch?
Our friends page
Add a button to let users to recommend a friend for you. This can enhance the usage of changebot by many communities.
You just tabbed to a Support page simply. Instead make multiple forms of support contacts and then let the user to tap to support page. You can list email, social media links, skype, irc, discord etc.,
The guide is very simply but enough to understand. A good video tutorial to show how easy changebot is. Create number of videos with illustrations to show the smartness and speed of the bot.
You need to add back button to the bottom of the guide.
Right now you're allowing only 2 languages. What blocks you to offer more language? I prefer drop down box with more languages.
What is the use of the Address panel? Do we need to enter the withdrawal address here before making a withdrawal from "Withdraw btc" button in Wallet panel?
Add huobi, bitfinex, bitstamp or even peer for price reference in the Rate BTC section.
The Rate/Btc section must show which reference is active now in the text. Also, highlight the active reference site among the list.
Don't close the panel after changing the currency. Let the user use back to go back. Or show currency has been changed before closing the currency panel.
"Payment method by rate"/"Payment method by volume" For what it is used?
You need back button for settings panel.
Include reference site name after showing reference rate in "buy/sell btc" panel.
Buy/Sell BTC
You need to completely rework on buy btc and sell btc listings.
The model of listings you use there is for more experienced users to understand. You have to make it understandable to anyone.
What I understand from the listings is
User places a btc buy/sell advert by telling a reference rate, the currency he wish to pay like okpay, paypal, perfectmoney and the amount he wish to buy/sell.
You also show the number of offers in paranthesis.
I would like to further it with more options. Go for a localbitcoin model and also a direct exchange model.
If you allow a direct exchange model, then read below.
I could feel better if it can be as simple as in sites like xmlgold.eu and others.
For example,
The user selects buy btc then sees lists of virtual currencies available( paypal, pm etc.,). He selects one of them. Then see the offers. If it is comfortable to accept it, he proceeds further to buy and sell.
It will be easy to manage and helps effectively in the long run.
Remove those "1/3" and "3/3" buttons left and right of cancel button. Little confusing.
You can simply use Next, Prev which is more understandable or use &gt;&gt; and &lt;&lt;.
You're using two "Currency". One in buy/sell btc and another in settings. I feel it is redundant. Remove from settings. Keep in buy/sell btc panel.
What is this "Autofit"? What can it do? No information. You need to add that.
I don't think "My adverts" as apt words. Use My orders instead.
Again, Rate BTC and currency are redundant when I click into My adverts.
No use of stop trading and start trading buttons. You don't need to worry about that. People are highly used to normal for of exchanges. They don't need these buttons.
Just show the list of orders.
I prefer "new order" instead of "Add".
Change "Check adverts" into "View Offers"
However, if it like the localbitcoin model, the existing panel is ok. Though you need to remove the redundant buttons.
Some buttons are redundant or it is showing multiple times. Not exactly the same button. You need to check. I will do a more detailed explanation of the redundancy after checking it multiple times and reproduce the similar error in coming days.
This is my first sort of review. I hope you read it all and do reply with enough thought.
Do you allow the users to get their private keys?
You said, you provide escrow services. How will people know you and trust?
There is no FAQ page that shows clearly how much time needed to withdraw, withdrawal fees for different currencies, whom to contact or how to contact people for support if online support is offline.
You also need a bitcointalk page.
Where can I get my affiliates list?
Promotional Activities
If you're good in funding go for a detailed campaign using all forms of social media.
Do Press Release.
Talk about the bot a lot. Do regular video tutorials.
Make room for people to hear all the updates.
Final words,
Again I say, this is a great beginning. But, you need to go for a long drive. I want to see you in a well deserved place. You go places.
I am glad to spend few hours in testing an innovative product that this bitcoin community going to have.
Okay. My Best Wishes.
Token of appreciation if any you think, My BTC Address : 15HR22bptaWHNHhY9nHemwkHtm74qVehis
@_date: 2017-01-16 17:02:51
You've created a splendid bot in telegram if it does all work. I will write my opinion here later. Get ready to read loads of suggestions.
@_date: 2017-01-17 12:05:58
Forgot it! I will post it tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-01-19 18:30:14
Hi This is a great idea to launch a bot to trade from telegram. This is just the beginning. You need to go a long way.
I tried my small efforts to give you as much as suggestions to help you to make it better. However, I still need to show something else that I have included below. I will do that in coming days.
Good luck first. 
I start with the wallet panel.
Add new address button in deposit btc (optional)
Reduce the withdrawal fee. Seems too high at this time. 0.0001 to 0.0003 is ok.
Or let users to set a high fee of their own if they want quicker withdrawal confirmations at times of large unconfirmed-transactions
Add "All" option to withdraw all available balance.
Gift code
There is no better information in the tool text. It says only "anyone can cashout". But how, where can the gift codes are claimable? What is the expiry time? Can the user set an expiry time?
How much fee is deducted to claim the gift code? Are there any exchanges available to directly redeem?
Do you allow direct transfer of funds between users? It will help users to exchange funds in no time. This is similar to exchanges like nova uses users unique transfer ids to instantly transfer funds.
Add "/breakchain" as a button in the wallet panel. That will be very handy to get out of the wallet panel than using /breakchain.
When I click the statement button, it shows three download options. When I click any of them, it automatically opens the default app associated with .csv files. Instead, just download to the local folder, or ask user to open csv after download.
When I enter amount in Withdraw amount field and in Gift code field, it says incorrect input. It should not be so.
It should be "Insufficient balance... You can maximum withdraw x amount" or "Insufficient balance... You can gift maximum of x amount"
Make relevant error messages.
This applies to clicking "Cancel" button also. Correct information.
About Service
You need to add changebot word in "About Service panel". If possible. Include website, social media links there.
I first clicked Terms. It shows the Terms.pdf download link + the text. Then I clicked Affiliate. Once I clicked it, Affiliate panel opens up with the "Invite users..." text following that Terms panel comes up followed by the referral link. Is it designed to show the terms panel between affiliate text and link? Or it is a glitch?
Our friends page
Add a button to let users to recommend a friend for you. This can enhance the usage of changebot by many communities.
You just tabbed to a Support page simply. Instead make multiple forms of support contacts and then let the user to tap to support page. You can list email, social media links, skype, irc, discord etc.,
The guide is very simply but enough to understand. A good video tutorial to show how easy changebot is. Create number of videos with illustrations to show the smartness and speed of the bot.
You need to add back button to the bottom of the guide.
Right now you're allowing only 2 languages. What blocks you to offer more language? I prefer drop down box with more languages.
What is the use of the Address panel? Do we need to enter the withdrawal address here before making a withdrawal from "Withdraw btc" button in Wallet panel?
Add huobi, bitfinex, bitstamp or even peer for price reference in the Rate BTC section.
The Rate/Btc section must show which reference is active now in the text. Also, highlight the active reference site among the list. 
Don't close the panel after changing the currency. Let the user use back to go back. Or show currency has been changed before closing the currency panel.
"Payment method by rate"/"Payment method by volume" For what it is used?
You need back button for settings panel.
Include reference site name after showing reference rate in "buy/sell btc" panel.
Buy/Sell BTC
You need to completely rework on buy btc and sell btc listings.
The model of listings you use there is for more experienced users to understand. You have to make it understandable to anyone. 
What I understand from the listings is
User places a btc buy/sell advert by telling a reference rate, the currency he wish to pay like okpay, paypal, perfectmoney and the amount he wish to buy/sell. 
You also show the number of offers in paranthesis.
I would like to further it with more options. Go for a localbitcoin model and also a direct exchange model.
If you allow a direct exchange model, then read below.
I could feel better if it can be as simple as in sites like xmlgold.eu and others.
For example,
The user selects buy btc then sees lists of virtual currencies available( paypal, pm etc.,). He selects one of them. Then see the offers. If it is comfortable to accept it, he proceeds further to buy and sell.
It will be easy to manage and helps effectively in the long run.
Remove those "1/3" and "3/3" buttons left and right of cancel button. Little confusing.
You can simply use Next, Prev which is more understandable or use &gt;&gt; and &lt;&lt;.
You're using two "Currency". One in buy/sell btc and another in settings. I feel it is redundant. Remove from settings. Keep in buy/sell btc panel.
What is this "Autofit"? What can it do? No information. You need to add that.
I don't think "My adverts" as apt words. Use My orders instead.
Again, Rate BTC and currency are redundant when I click into My adverts.
No use of stop trading and start trading buttons. You don't need to worry about that. People are highly used to normal for of exchanges. They don't need these buttons.
Just show the list of orders.
I prefer "new order" instead of "Add".
Change "Check adverts" into "View Offers"
However, if it like the localbitcoin model, the existing panel is ok. Though you need to remove the redundant buttons. 
Some buttons are redundant or it is showing multiple times. Not exactly the same button. You need to check. I will do a more detailed explanation of the redundancy after checking it multiple times and reproduce the similar error in coming days.
This is my first sort of review. I hope you read it all and do reply with enough thought. 
Do you allow the users to get their private keys?
You said, you provide escrow services. How will people know you and trust?
There is no FAQ page that shows clearly how much time needed to withdraw, withdrawal fees for different currencies, whom to contact or how to contact people for support if online support is offline.
You also need a bitcointalk page. 
Where can I get my affiliates list?
Promotional Activities
If you're good in funding go for a detailed campaign using all forms of social media.
Do Press Release.
Talk about the bot a lot. Do regular video tutorials.
Make room for people to hear all the updates.
Final words,
Again I say, this is a great beginning. But, you need to go for a long drive. I want to see you in a well deserved place. You go places.
I am glad to spend few hours in testing an innovative product that this bitcoin community going to have. 
Okay. My Best Wishes.
Token of appreciation if any you think, My BTC Address : 15HR22bptaWHNHhY9nHemwkHtm74qVehis
@_date: 2017-01-19 04:32:50
That's a nice. I will look into it.
@_date: 2017-01-19 13:24:30
Hey, As you have asked to write about your new site file.army. I have included here my first thoughts.
The site is awesome. You have lot of room to achieve, deploy, improve and suceed. 
My small suggestions are listed here. This is unorganized list. I hope you get enough time read it and reply constructively.
You need to add
Most viewed
Most commented
All time popular
Most popular user
oauth feature to login using social media
Add profile picture in the images list.
Don't delete background. Instead you can place it in the images folder
Add sounds in the future.
You can also start a ebook service for creators. That could be a huge market for people who wish pursue in ebook writing.
Audo books are also welcome.
Add notifications feature
Add stumbleupon feature. It helps users to share content on the go.
The captcha is bit harder. You can go for a simple one.
Add feature to image filters while displaying. For example, if they upload heavy image, just convert it into jpgs for quick download.
More auto delete options to consider :
1. After 1, 3, 6 and 12 months.
2. Delete oldest image if the users alloted space exceeds while uploading the newest.
3. Convert bmp to jpg to free up more space if more images are uploaded.
Add crop, rounded corner features.
Let users add new category, sub category
When I view an image, I see "username" button to the left bottom of the image. When I click it, expands to "username", x images option. It overlaps into the next line after "username". Layouts must be arranged better.
Is it not possible to add Instagram?
Add Bulk uploading feature to file.army.
Website color theme looks dim. Use different colors. Or let users change themes, color settings, create their own themes.
There is no API so far to help users to codically link file.army for mass deploy.
Add support/contact page. chat is welcome.
Include number of views.likes.shares while showing the image.
While exploring you can let users to customize the page as such viewing in a windows explorer
How will you check for copyright violations and other violations?
How will you check for duplicates?
You can also do image contests/games and award bitcoins. This will engage more users stay in file.army.
Did you check your website for cross compatibility on all platforms and devices? If you did, you can have a list of support pages for specific tweaks for specific platform/device.
Add feature to create memes, add tags above uploaded images and many.
Will you allow altcoins such as dogecoin, litecoin or other coins as withdrawal. Do you allow virtual currency formats like perfectmoney or others?
Is this you the owner of bitcoinwallet.com?
Can you allow users to tip images in file.army?
Can you allow users to buy and sell images and rights?
Can you do contests for your own or on contract for companies or projects to design web, logo or something?
You can have discord, irc, slack support for quick interaction with the people.
There is no option to disable comments for selective images.
The settings page must be more sophisticated than it is now.
Notifications needed :
1. Information about daily payout.
2. Warnings about nsfw content, non tagging etc.,
3. Daily volume - likes, shares, comments.
4. Image deletes, file resizing etc.,
5. New contest, giveaways, features etc.,
Social media and 2FA authentication
QR functionality for faster image sharing.
Create apps for all platforms to help users work will bulk images and also help to work offline.
chevereto is much appreciated. Good to go.
Images, Albums are ok. Let users to create presentations of different formats.
When I click Explore button it should stick with the dropping light box even if I move the mouse. It helps me to select a sub category. Hovering is not handy. I prefer both.
No tag option to add in image uploading page. And it is only possible to select only one category. 
How do you handle child porn related images?
@_date: 2017-01-05 18:09:08
Hey, I have lot of crtics for you. You need to bare the words here. No other go. You website is not that good enough.
I give a score of only 40 out of 100. Here I will say why? Read all. If you read and comment back on these lines, I would be glad that I did really help a real guy.  
You need SSL Certification
People may find a link route to intrude into exchange sites from where you seek trades. Leads to vulnerabilities.
The design is completely awkward for me. Redesign it.
Select a perfect theme. The social media buttons are located in the places where people won't go for a share.
There are three charts "Last 24 hours BTC/USD price". But all three are same. It seems the website is in works.
When I click "Last 24 hours BTC/USD price" It is not taking me to bitcoinity.org. Why? Fix it as quick as you can.
The language option button must be place to the top right of the webpage. It is in the wrong place. I first thought it will redefine the chart to a particular language speaking people and show only btc transactions happening there. Change it.
"Why are you waiting for first trade to occur?" I think unfare for the reason you run this site. Transactions happening round the clock. So change it. Show transactions of all time. Also the wait period for first trade takes around 5 minutes to start. People will leave your site if it is the case. Here you can go for options - All time trade, New trades. This will help.
Fatal error :
When I refresh the page, the page again looks for first trade. This should be fixed. It should not be so. Again go for new trades/all time trades.
Your twitter feeds must be shown on the right side. This is very handy for people to read. Left side attracts less.
The social media icons on the botton of the page is very small and will not be visible to many people. It sucks.
The exchanges you listed to the bottom of the page "Data from ..." is completely not visible. You don't need to gray it. You should be proud to list it. Increase the size. It is very small. This applies to next line also. Also ask people to suggest sites and currencies to add. 
If it is opensource developement, then where do you host or update your code. Include github or other similar site where you host your code. That will please people.
The advertisement placements are ok. But it is not visible or don't get you clicks. You need to work on it.
When I click one of the news links, it takes me to a new page and then redirects to the website where the content page is located.
But when it takes to the next page, I see the fiatleak redirect link with some random hash. Instead, you can modify the redirect link with actual news information. If you know wordpress, you can know how can you change this. It is one of the important thing every blog creater uses.
Alternately, you can create a blog.fiatleak subdomain. Curate news content to your blog. Show the startup lines and add "Read more..." button and when people click "Read more..." redirect them to the concernced website. 
When I click on the exchanges you list, it opens the exchange site on the same tab. Instead code it to open a new tab. 
You have included these exchanges in your calculations. BITSTAMP, BTCChina, BTC-E, Bit2c, Mercado Bitcoin BR, Local Bitcoins, OKCoin, BTCTrade, Huobi China, bitx.co.za, Cavirtex, Bitfinex, Gemini.
I thought when clicking one of the sites, you will be redefining the animations particular to that exchange only. Misleading.
There are lot of excellent themes available on the internet. One of the best one is bootstrap which I admire a lot. Create your website using any of the themes. You first need to try different themes. You can conduct a poll from your supporters to select a good theme. 
I think you're the only one who takes care of back and front end. That's why the designs are not appealing. I don't think this website loads well in mobile phones.
Did you check the loading time of the website? Did you check with different browsers? Do you have the analysis? How much you're comfortable with CSS? 
I think you're using apis of concerned websites to fetch data and do your math. Do you know the api limits of these sites? You need to catch exceptions wherever possible. I think if 100s of viewers online, you may see delays in fetching and displaying. Look into it.
Why you need "Hide animations?" button. I don't see a need of this website, if you hide animations. The worst thing is the moment you tick "Hide animations" the incoming trades are not shown. I check 2 to 3 times. No trades coming in after I click it. But it is working. It seems you need to "QC" with different use cases. Also you need to check for the 1m trade volume. It seems not calculating correctly. Or the animations are not understandable by all.
If you turn off the animation, then you need to add more text to textually visualize the btc-currency pair transaction. Example "USD to BTC" "BTC to CNY" for every trade that happens. You need also add these to the leftside textbox which displays every trade you track.
Why you need this website? How can it help the new comer to bitcoin? How can people know about fiatleak? Who will introduce fiatleak to new comers? and many questions you need to answer yourself.
There is no coinmarketcap information in any place. 
You need to add options to show/hide sections of the page. User must be able to show/hide twitter feeds, leftside trade display box. News section, that bitcoinity.org chart section. Why the chart is not updating?
Besides, you can include lot of information. This is a very simple one. If you target Adsense you need to work a lot on keywords and techniques to make it search friendly.
How many times in a week, you analyze your traffic? That is needed.
I did a small analysis on the technologies you use in building the website. I have seen nginx and some other good stuff there. But you need a lot of improvement. You have excellent set of tools to help you there. But you're delaying.
Some other tips
1. Don't use iframes. It is not used in these modern days. Not worth to use it.
2. fiatleak.com -watch... heading tag must be smarter than that is now and should be shorter than 80 characters.
3. Meta description should also be rephrased to be smart and simple and easy to understand.
4. Add alt tags to images you include.
5. No social share so far. Don't you even share it in your site. Or my analytics didn't show much.
6. You have very few backlinks. Try to increase it.
7. Keyword usage is very low.
8. You need to add more content pages for your site. There is 0 or no content page available right now for your site. If you add content pages, you can get more keywords and get listed in search engines faster.
9. Page level speed is very poor. You're making as hard as 81 requests to show this page. Work on it. This is not helpful in the long time. You can use bitcoinwisdom.com like sites to fetch trade information by one request instead of sending request to all exchanges.
Alternately, you can make a local database that collects data from all exchanges and use a single query to fetch from there. This increases speed to a great level. 
10. You must be aware of loading javascript at the bottom of the page to speed up the page load.
11. I think you have CSS in a stylesheet. Good. But still you need to work on. Use Minfication techniques if not done.
12. Try to use gzip, Etags. Session cache also helps to retain the animations when people refresh the page.
Okay. My Best Wishes.
My BTC Address : 15HR22bptaWHNHhY9nHemwkHtm74qVehis
@_date: 2017-01-18 16:49:52
Hey, May I know you read this post? May I get your opinion? Just curious to hear from you. That's it. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-01-19 14:47:57
Wow! That's kind of you! Thanks. I will also include more points in coming days. 
@_date: 2016-12-06 13:08:22
Start a test here.
@_date: 2016-12-31 19:14:53
Good Idea! I will post my ideas later.
@_date: 2016-12-06 06:58:20
If you're interested in doing business, start a startup or fund startup who work primarily in blockchain.
@_date: 2016-11-24 17:29:09
Welcome to the community.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:23:35
Great. The european interface is very easy to work with. The transactions are smooth. I didn't believe you're in a relaunch. Kudos!
@_date: 2016-09-21 07:24:33
Use Recuva or Undelete like programs. Try to recover data since 2 weeks. And recover all files. Then look for all old files that you use to store the private keys. It is a good and easy way to recover. Revert back, if you don't recover.
@_date: 2016-09-21 06:59:54
Nothing there to claim I think! It's gone.
@_date: 2016-09-08 13:08:49
Start it
@_date: 2015-04-29 21:00:47
My user id is 192457.
I'm very new to crypto community. Just learning all the stuff  now. Am I eligible to post here?
Just registered in the site, but still didn't understand clearly what i get from eobot? It takes sometimes i think.
Anyhow, I am glad to comment here.
@_date: 2015-04-29 20:15:51
Being first, I read slideshare just now. 
Bitcoin seems interesting. 
I need to read a lot about crypto, I think.
Some questions:
1. If you say, you don't need money to stay with foundation, then How can you handle all your financial needs?
2. How come the foundation estimates the challanges and needs in future?
3. As far as I'm concerned with bitcoin, I come to know, bitcoin is not regulated yet. Is there any plan(s) to work closely with government authorities for regularising?
I think I have to come back and ask again few more questions once I learn something about bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-10-16 08:25:50
Good luck!
@_date: 2016-07-17 02:50:04
1. Contact support and ask them to clear the error.
2. If it disappeared already, then you don't have an issue.
3. Try to deposit a very small amount to the gambling site.
4. Wait for it to confirm and see if the database updates itself automatically.
5. If not, contact support with all the transactoin info. Also make sure to prepare to prove you control the wallet.
Good luck.
@_date: 2016-07-09 12:48:56
Yes, it's happening today!
@_date: 2016-07-09 16:54:28
@_date: 2016-07-09 12:42:40
Happy Halving Day!
@_date: 2016-07-09 14:49:46
@_date: 2016-07-09 21:09:41
What is it?
@_date: 2016-07-17 16:38:09
You can maintain a bitcoin wallet in wmtransfer site. You can easily convert it into webmoney currencies with jut a click. wmtransfer uses third parties for conversion rates. Fees may be higher. Just check it out. 
Note: I think you're aware of wmtransfer site. It is a webmoney currency's website and allows you to keep wmr, wmz and other wallets.
Also, if he just wants in webmoney, you can open a wmtransfer account, move your bitcoins there and convert it to the needed currency.
But btc-e , ecoin.eu charge very less fees when you compare it to wmtransfer exchange's bitcoin to wmz charges.
ecoin.eu allow you to instantly withdraw. The minimum withdrawal is $1 only. Rarely it can take up to 48 hours.
btc-e takes different time to process every withdrawals. btc-e charges high fees than ecoin.eu
 
@_date: 2016-07-17 16:47:57
Rightly said.
@_date: 2016-07-09 14:28:25
A temporary effect!
@_date: 2016-07-09 12:47:38
Just watching online!
@_date: 2016-07-25 03:42:43
It asks to register first to claim faucet. It also asks the same after logging in. Try to reproduce the same error and correcti it.
While running for unneccessary reason or unknown thing, I get Invalid request error. But once I click Ok, rolling continues. 
Ask to enter password 2 times while registering.
Make secret url a full url and clickable.
Add deposit and Withdraw button in the accounts page.
No help page, FAQ page still?
The faucet, deposit, withdraw icons are not attractive.
It seems the website is not secure. Add SSL.
To get more users and players, run giveaways and contests as Stunna do for primedice. You need to have budget in the beginning.
Create a separate dialogue to define parameters for aut-rolling like in other dice sites.
If you do support other altcoins, it is welcome.
Enable chat window to show history. All talks.
@_date: 2016-07-09 12:48:17
5000 dollars to 7500 dollars in 4 years.
@_date: 2016-07-09 12:53:36
Still 4 hours to go!
@_date: 2016-07-09 14:43:14
$700 and close to it is possible in 2 hours.