@_author: goodmorningmarketyap
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:43:32
This can happen much easier than you think, especially with medical bills. Young people tend to move a lot so mail often doesn't get forwarded after a billing screw up, which amazingly happen all the time.  I was sent to collections by a hospital 30 days after someone hit me and put me there. I had to get an attorney just to keep my credit rating from being trashed while I was in recovery. What a system.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:54:16
Don't worry, some traders have been
[watching for a correction for a while, for example](
If the trend continues we will be looking at 24 territory before long, so keep the faith.
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:34:38
It seems clearer as time passes that digital assets are becoming a new investment category. Like the arrival of the automobile, people only had one paradigm at the time: the horse, hence "horseless carriages."  People today try to understand digital currency in terms of cash, debit cards, gold, or equities. The valuing mechanisms of all of these things might apply to the crypto space, might not apply at all, or might apply partly.  Bitcoin may in fact be superior to gold as a long term store of value, act as a security, and (eventually) be easily spendable currency.  
Even if bitcoin becomes an analog to gold and has no further use as a daily transaction currency, there is still a lot of upside. Now imagine it attracts part of the global equities market, and only a part of the currency market. Imagine that due to its rise in value that Central Banks across the world start holding bitcoin as a hedge, and ETFs and other funds start holding it. 
Imagining that the only value proposition of bitcoin is as a day-to-day transactional currency is limiting to say the least.
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:48:45
Right, because bars and restaurants are totally recession-proof investments and never fail!
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:06:48
Don't worry I just bought some so the price is sure to crash.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:06:39
Even a normal ACH transfer can take 7 days, or even 10 calendar days. If you're trying to transfer a huge amount of cash like that, you're being stupid to begin with. Keep your transactions to under $10K each if you don't want to attract undue attention.  Educate yourself on banking transfers instead of whining about exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:34:31
Taleb is a bit of a hypocrite when it comes to Bitcoin. I've read two of his books (black swan &amp; fooled by randomness).  He professes to be humble and start from a premise in his own investment firm that according to him, "we know nothing, but at least we are honest with ourselves that we know nothing". 
Yet he seems biased against bitcoin for some reason. It is in his nature to be a contrarian and sell short overloaded trades with 20% of his investments while holding 80% in conservative vehicles.  I'm pretty certain he just cannot bring himself to believe bitcoin is anything other than an overloaded, overly-exuberant trade.  
Frankly, odds are on his side. Either bitcoin is a unique development in the history of finance or it is another one in the very long history of currency experiments that is due to ultimately fail. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:54:02
I visit MarketWatch most days for a quick market take -- never saw this before today, pretty sweet.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:32:01
This is a serious question:  What are you using as a basis for bitcoin price?  Critics say that it cannot be priced accurately and therefore there is no way to tell if it is undervalued.  
As it stands now, there seems to be nothing at play in bitcoin value other than pure speculation. Which is fine, but that is simply speculation and not "investment" as it were. If there is no value other than "the next bigger sucker" then there is not much future here and as soon as serious adversity arises there will be a mass exodus and no buyer of last resort.  Which merely says you are walking a tightrope with no net. Which is again fine, if that's what we want to be doing.  Myself, I have no real way to value BTC so I'd like to hear some opinions.
@_date: 2018-08-29 15:40:14
Not going to say where I work, but we also had an official announcement of currency conversion rates and had to make adjustments to certain software for Venezuela in particular and how their nonsense money is calculated. 
What's frustrating is that a know-nothing a-hole dictator can decree some stupid bullshit and then people with real jobs in real economies have to run around and slap duct-tape on their systems as a result. Because, you know, we follow rules like logic and math.
@_date: 2018-08-13 21:08:05
This is prominent on the Wall St. Journal today, and every financial news site. See "emerging market contagion" for more. 
@_date: 2018-08-20 19:49:23
There's no point in trying to forecast the next "recession" or what type it will be. Recessions can also be shallow and brief. 
It could very well be the case that the global contagion that wreaked havoc in 2008-2011 was a once-in-a-lifetime event. Or it might not be. But believing either way is just that, a belief.  Nobody knows what the future holds.  
Recent economic news has been quite positive and many think it will be 2020 or later before any downturn will come.  
Interest rates in the US are rising, but they aren't rising everywhere. Rising rates tend to "break things" in the economy, but things ran quite smoothly in the past at 6% and 7% interest. We are far, far away from those levels!
@_date: 2019-06-22 20:34:34
Currency adoption does not matter. When was the last time you used gold or silver or stocks or bonds to buy a hamburger? The answer is never, and the gold market alone is 100x bigger than the current bitcoin market. The fact that bitcoin could grow to be worth $250K just by replacing half of the gold market's function as a store of value or non-correlated asset class to balance equities should make you think. The lightning network and payment systems are just gravy.  When every Mom &amp; Pop can buy a crypto fund as part of their 401K plan at work, will be only the start. And we're not even there yet...
@_date: 2019-02-25 20:37:09
Land value is typically about 20% of the value of a property when discussing single family homes. Landowners are free to subdivide their property and sell out to developers -- ranch and farm owners are the ones who typically sell out to a developer. It isn't "the government" -- and it is usually the NIMBY neighbors who attempt to strangle development, arguing that density, views, traffic, etc. will decrease their property values.
Using leverage to purchase property of any kind (stocks on margin, for example) increases your yield. People are accustomed to taking mortgages to buy land and property, and fewer people are comfortable buying stocks on margin or borrowing to buy bitcoin. That doesn't mean you can't increase your performance in any investment through leverage. It is just risk vs. reward. The benefit of leveraging into a home is that you can actually live in it while it enriches you.
But yeah, thanks for playing anyway kid.
@_date: 2019-06-21 15:13:09
Ha ha, that would be great. 
I'm more like OP. I accumulated 1 BTC over time and half of it or more was in the run up in 2018. When the price reaches about $12K on BTC I will break even. My purchases of Eth or whatever else are still deep in the red also.
I am still in the negative with all my crypto "investments" so buyer beware. If BTC reaches $500K it will start to approach my other investments so I hope it happens someday.
@_date: 2019-06-22 20:29:03
Instead you should ask: What is the value of a global currency that cannot be seized or stopped or inflated away to nothing by any government or entity on earth.
@_date: 2019-01-25 19:44:51
Put gold in a swimming pool though and the chlorine will destroy it . . . not the gold per se, but the alloys. 24 karat gold is 99.9% pure, but it is also so soft as to be useless for almost anything.
Gold is an amazing element, but it doesn't further your argument I'm afraid. Consider that people use everything from clay statues to paint on canvas to cars as store of value. We have used rocks and glass beads as well as bits of paper and plastic as currency. Nothing special about gold that you can't also say about silver, platinum, or any other commodity.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:14:34
You're right about that, but you also have to admit that emotion drives stock price at least as much (and frequently more) than fundamentals do. The world isn't made up of only value investors after all, and the notion that the markets are "efficient price discovery tools" has been debunked by reality so often as to be a joke.
@_date: 2018-12-12 15:28:19
What you're seeing is US auto getting hit from disruption on all sides. Tesla, electric cars in general, and a bloated dealership "system" that is due to collapse with rising interest rates, sub-prime auto loan shenanigans, and so on.  
If you live in a "coal town" or a "car manufacuter town" (that isn't named Tesla) the next 5-10 years aren't looking good for your prospects.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:03:43
It isn't just "guns tanks bombs" it's the fact that the rule of law and protection of property rights is a thing in the US. Nobody would invest if they didn't think their assets would be protected. To borrow Trump's deplorable phrase, "shithole countries" don't have stock markets, viable currencies, law enforcement, and so on.  
You're right about hyper-inflation, or maybe just call it "inflation." It is a time-honored tradition to inflate currency to ease the pain of debt payback. That's actually a great argument for bitcoin, in that it can work as an inflation hedge. Even against USD.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:04:50
My grandfather's mortgage payment was $150/mo.  Mine is $1500 give or take. What happened?  Absolutely nothing, except lots of inflation in the meantime. People are still buying, lending, and consuming just fine thanks.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:47:20
Coinbase is not Mt. Gox, let's not get carried away. Cash held in Coinbase, at least by US residents, is insured by FDIC to $200K. If you believe Coinbase, only 2% of their assets are online at any given time, and the rest is in cold storage. That 2% is covered by their own private insurance. So basically you are paying Coinbase, through its fees, to do cold storage and security for you. 
This does boil down to trust in the end. Coinbase would fail and lose its multi-billion dollar valuation if it were hacked or deemed unreliable by the marketplace. The very deep-pocketed Andreesen-Horowitz backers and others will simply not let this happen out of self-interest and protecting their investment. 
I get the not-your-keys-not-your-coins argument, but for a very small and insular community as bitcoin purists, you have to accept that for widespread adoption and usage functional exchanges, custodial solutions, and big bank and fintech participation will have to occur. These things might not be *necessary* for eventual success, but they will certainly be practical and in any case bitcoin is the honey badger, it just doesn't damn care who participates in the market. Everyone who wants to, can. 
So you can bitch about Coinbase and say people are stupid who want to participate in that brand of bitcoin use, but they will anyway because keeping a trezor and a stupid set of keys is a bunch of bullshit 99% of the population doesn't care to do. That's reality. People want phone apps and ease of use. You used to need to compile code just to send an email, too, but that shit always goes the way of the dodo.
@_date: 2018-12-13 16:11:38
Nobody can just "screw with the ledger" you are misinformed. 
Many would argue that the source of truth (ledger) that is protected by decentralization is actually more valuable as a source of truth than the centralized banking/coterie-controlled model. 
Why are you talking about gold. Gold is merely a commodity that is valued in relation to other things. There are plenty of people who invest in Gold ETFs that never see possession of their gold and it is held by a "middleman" (and they even suspect that it might not exist at all).