@_author: goodbot9000
@_date: 2018-05-14 16:40:20


Correct. 
Also completely useless, since this statement was not a-priori, and is causative in nature. 


Correct, but again, completely irrelevant. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 14:33:09
The other comment is overly confusing, and I'm not sure he really understands shorting. 
Long story short: If I want to short an asset, I'll borrow it from someone that is willing to lend it out, and sell it immediately on the market, with the promise that I will repay the party I'm borrowing form, some time in the future. 
What this means in practice is that when someone shorts something, it is immediately sold on the market, and looks no different than someone selling their own bitcoin. 
It's exactly like buying bitcoin and then selling it later, but reversed. You sell bitcoin now, hoping to buy it back later at a lower price. 
You only need a party willing to lend you bitcoin, and a party willing to buy bitcoin. There are plenty of each, because the rates for lending bitcoins to people for shorting purposes are extremely high, and the amount of people willing to buy bitcoins are extremely high. 
a short sale looks exactly like a sale of any other kind, as far as the market is concerned, and doesn't require any special counter parties that normal sales wouldn't require, other than someone lending their bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 12:06:25


Wow. You're american? Here I was assuming you were retarded because you didn't have access to education. 


You understood exactly no points because you're an idiot, and I can't control that. 


I hire over 500 people there, actually. I'm actually glad you said you were american. They'd be ashamed of you if you were from there. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 13:37:24


This sentence literally means nothing as it is written. 
inflation being a fraction has nothing to do with how it affects an economy. Furthermore, consumer spending is actually a very small part of the entire economic pie.  


going to need a source here if you're going to make a wild claim. You are effectively stating that an immutable ledger is useless. It's well established by even the staunchest bitcoin opposition that blockchain has value. 


Do you think bitcoin futures are unregulated, and that CME and CBOE just took a massive fiduciary risk without understanding the potential consequences? 
@_date: 2018-05-14 12:59:27
Most of the morons came in during that huge bull run. 
Maybe we should ban accounts &lt;2 years old. Would weed out the bank shills and the idiots that don't understand finance. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 12:54:49


Name one area of science where TA is used. 
Also, you have a fundamental misunderstanding of TA if you thinking drawing random lines on a chart is in any way related to statistical analysis. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 13:03:15
I visited the Phillippines 2 weeks ago, and it's looking pretty bad over there. Zero investment dollars because the government policy discourages it, when they aren't just outright taking it, workers make like, cents a week. 
It's REALLY bad. can you name 5 countries with worse corruption? I'd be surprised. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 16:59:23
Just like anything else, the connections aren't immediately apparent, and need to be studied to be understood. 
Alternatively, if someone's explanation for something is "market manipulation," it's safe to assume they have no clue what's going on. Tag them. Once you do this often enough, you'll weed out 95% of the people on here, and the remaining comments are often insightful. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:09:42


Nobody claimed that well-backed criticism was invalid. The thing is, saying that bitcoin might be like a fax machine instead of email is not valid criticism, and the number of failed technologies doesn't change that in any way, shape, or form. 


So you use it frequently for reasons that are totally unrelated to why it is actually useful, and that's somehow evidence for it *not* having a use case? 
Bold strategy Cotton. 


Forex has some pretty high volatility pairs if you are dealing with emerging markets. Does that have any effect on it's value as a currency to the people that use it? 
No. 


So you're saying that forex is too much work to be of real benefit, because you have to exchange currencies? Again, this is *not* a valid criticism of bitcoin, because we have evidence of the exact opposite being the case. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 13:55:29


The concepts are fundamentally different in nature. 


TA relies on past price and volume action, which is at best totally random. Using any sort of analysis that doesn't rely on numbers to be accurate is not statistical in any sense of the word, and the only indicators that are statistical in nature (such as moving averages) do not produce profits over the long term. 
If you're curious as to how statistics can be useful, look up black-scholes, and options trading. Specifically volatility. This is where reversion to the mean is actually useful. 
TA is a net negative on the trading community, because it's easy to explain to an idiot. That's why so many people are selling TA strategies. If it worked, do you think they'd be selling it? 
@_date: 2018-05-14 12:09:44


What? That's exactly what this is about though. 
It's like when the poly-sci kids ask you to pray for Venezuela, but that you should also leave the political reality on why they need praying out of it.
@_date: 2018-05-03 16:17:53
Maybe I wasn't clear:
When I say delist, I mean that in the professional world, organizations like the SEC would completely halt coins like BCH from trading at all, so websites like this wouldn't need to address it themselves. 
The next best, and most professional, thing to do would be to make uninformed consumers aware that they are being scammed. While the shit emoji might not be the best way of conveying that message, what would be a better alternative? 
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:10:36


If I have a business in zimbabwe, do you think my customers are going to pay in USD? Obviously not. 


you're thinking about this from an individual perspective, when you should be thinking about it form a business one. 
If I buy zimbabwe company bonds because I like their growth prospects, but I also think that the zimbabwe dollar is going to inflate rapidly, how would I hedge against that? 
I go long the company bonds, and I short the zimbabwe dollar/USD pair on forex. That way I get the growth, but I don't have to worry about the currency affecting my bet. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 17:12:10


Right, and economic value is created when parties save time on transactions, which was the entire point of my story. 


Why though? The current value of people that are able to maintain ledgers with acceptable accuracy FAR outstrip bitcoins value. 
A thought excercise: If bitcoin were to replace 15% of the liquid money supply (M3-M1) a bitcoin would be worth roughly 550k. 
It's absolutely not far fetched to think that sometime in the future, 15% of american business could decide they don't want an accountant on their payroll. 


That's exactly how economics works though. [The concept of scarcity as it relates to human consumption literally comes from a 1932 economics paper.](
People have been paying for things they perceived as scarce since before Wealth of Nations was written. Knowing the supply limit would only change that if difficulty of acquiring coins was constant. In fact, this is one of the main reasons why difficulty scaling was so brilliant in the first place. It's effectively a monetary mechanism to prevent deflationary investor behavior. 


Correct, but would they pay $10k for a machine that could cut down trees thousands of miles away that could also guarantee that the machine was working without them even looking at it? 
Absolutely. 


True, but bitcoin is not a perfect economic substitute. If bitcoin provided literally no additional utility over cash, it would be a perfect substitute. 
Unfortunately, you can't teleport cash across the world yet, and even if you could, you'd have no way of knowing if the receiving party actually got it unless they could teleport messages back to you. 
@_date: 2018-05-03 16:36:26


Lmao this post has to be satire. There's no way a gold person would ever be dumb enough to write this. 
@_date: 2018-05-01 11:56:54
That can, and does, absolutely happen on the NYSE, with correlated stocks that have market caps and volatility similar to the coins you've listed. 
@_date: 2018-05-03 17:15:37
I think "Intentionally trying to confuse the community." accurately sums up why BCH is a scam. If people want accurate, detailed information on why that is, they will do their own research. People that don't care wouldn't read a detailed explanation anyway. 
I like the warning sign emoji though. Would definitely be a better look. Either way, the bitcoin culture is more or less ruined. It shifted from mostly financiers/economists/quants with good programming backgrounds and an extremely good grasp on incentives, into tech/cryptology specialists with great programming but not economic knowledge, and now it's more or less populated with people seeking returns with no regards to risk; that is, dumb money. 
I loved talking bitcoin in 2010. I was an undergrad economics student, and roomed next to the guy that created the satoshi nakamoto institute. So many incredible conversations about the future. It's really come a long way, but the discourse around it has really fallen off a cliff. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:44:41


The data you are using to support this stance:


There is no data suggesting that centrality leads to greater economies of scale in general, never mind about the weight of the benefits. They may be correlated, especially in the early stages of economic development, but they certainly aren't casually related. 


Your premise relies on these being mutually exclusive. Just because 200,000 decentralized points exist doesn't mean they are all equally weak or strong. 


Yours don't either, so I don't see how this is relevant. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 15:06:11


I don't think the data supports this claim. I think the distribution would be logarithmic, rather than exponential. Eventually, past a certain threshold, you could expect redundancy and economies of scale to actually increase as decentralization increased. 
@_date: 2018-05-29 13:35:06
TA != Statistical analysis. 
Statistical analysis is absolutely used in those fields. Statistics are also heavily used in financial markets, specifically when pricing options. 
however, TA is not actually statistical analysis, because it relies on predictions (such as drawing random lines) that are not based on statistics at all. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:02:08
That's because diversifying crypto investments is the equivalent to holding different companies in the same business segment. 
high covariance should be expected.
@_date: 2018-05-03 15:30:18
Why would this be useful? Genuinely curious. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:05:02


If having a public ledger is useful, then it has inherent value. Otherwise stated: The only case in which a public ledger doesn't have value, is a case in which it is useless. 


Does a ledger in accounting have inherent value? Does having an easily dividable medium provide utility for the people using it? 
The answer is yes. Let's say I'm a lumberjack, and you're a cook. 
I only have trees, and you only have food. I have to find a guy willing to trade trees for something that you'll find useful if I want to trade for food. 
Or, we could agree on a medium that serves as a middle man, all of the time, for every good. Value is created because we both save time that we would otherwise have to use to find suitable trade partners. 
Value is created because we both have additional time to do other things. Time is money, as the saying goes. 
@_date: 2018-05-03 17:07:18
Tax free money is for poor people. 
Makes sense. 
@_date: 2018-05-23 17:25:57


It's also unrealistic to assume anything about a trustee's level of expertise, which is why nothing can be deduced from it. 


Why? The only known incentive of the trustee (to get the best price possible while selling) directly opposes selling on an exchange with an order book. 
If no incentive exists to sell on a large exchange, then it doesn't make sense to do so.


Okay, so we can not deduce the average reason people downvote a post


Okay, so you can deduce why people downvote posts, but other people can't? 
@_date: 2018-05-23 16:18:02
I wouldn't listen to that comment, just because he lacks an understanding of why Mt. Gox related Due Diligence is essentially worthless, either for or against bitcoin. 
Mt. Gox is likely going to sell their bitcoin on a darkpool, peer to peer style. Because it never hits the order books, the price of bitcoin will not change because of this transaction. The reason this is likely is because they have an obligation (and incentive) to get the best price possible for their holdings. 
In other words, if people downvote this post, it probably isn't because they are mad or upset. It's probably because your op relies on assumptions made that aren't realistic (that bitcoins from Mt. Gox will be sold on exchanges), and thus doesn't prove anything.
@_date: 2018-05-19 06:01:33


I mean, you're getting taken advantage of. Sorry for trying to help the people that aren't retarded. 


Your country objectively steals money from basically everyone that builds anything in your country. The less you accept that, the more they fuck you.


Again, you're people are routinely getting fucked. In fact, we can't even hire americans to go to Puerto rico because they're too expensive, so we're sending people trained there. 


$600 dollars a month is literally shit. You aren't getting paid what you're worth, and because you are uneducated, you can't even tell you're getting fucked.
Someone flipping burgers in the US gets paid more than some of your best workers. It's literally embarrassing. 


Stop posting propaganda. Your countrymen are good people, and don't need spoiled children like you fucking over their opportunities. Tell your mom thanks that you haven't experienced the reality of your country. 
@_date: 2018-05-03 15:29:22
shit emojis for shit coins makes a lot of sense though. 
The professional thing would be to delist them, but fraudulent schemes thrive on misleading others with asymmetric information. Getting the truth out there is doing a service for the community. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 14:27:41


False. Please google "can I trace bitcoin." 


If you send me a $500 visa gift card, I guarantee you that you won't get it back. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 13:28:25


You are confusing reality with your perception of reality. 
There are plenty of reasons to think bitcoin is more like email than like the fax machine. Just because you personally don't have a firm understanding of what those reasons are, doesn't mean they don't exist. 


Ironically, this is confirmation bias. Just because it is not useful *to you* doesn't mean that it doesn't have a current use case. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 12:58:21
There is no manipulation on wallstreet!!!1 
@_date: 2018-06-02 01:13:33
You should probably make a statistic of this list divided by  all currencies that have ever not failed, just to make a list that isn't incredibly biased. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 20:56:49
I've used a lot of platforms over the years. ThinkorSwim has listings, and it's free to use with an account. 
Active trader pro and bloomberg are both nice of course, the first you have to trade 36 times a year and the second you have to pay 20k a year though. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 18:35:26
Can you give me next weeks lottery numbers? Since you have a crystal ball and definitely aren't using something as stupid as technicals to make such exact predictions? 
@_date: 2018-06-02 01:05:57
Yeah, that's why we just printed money in 2008! crisis averted, am I right?!
Oh wait..
@_date: 2018-06-01 19:39:15
there are countless financial instruments that have returned significantly higher than 198% over the last year. 
There are options contracts every single day that return higher than 198%. 
The point is that you are comparing an instrument with high risk (bitcoin) to instruments with extremely low risk (Apple, MSFT, and all the other companies used in the article). If you're going to compare returns, you need to compare it to other instruments with similar risk profiles. 
You're essentially saying that placing a bet on 51 black was a better idea than placing a bet on red, *after* the results were in. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 02:32:31
Well, I think that posting a list without context is biased in itself. Not only does it not inform, but it actually actively hurts people's understanding. 
If you want to provide stats, I think it's a great thing. However, you should want to inform the public on the actual picture, not just based on what you want them to see.
@_date: 2018-06-04 12:31:29


This is an absolutely terrible measure of risk for any financial instrument, but if you want to google it, go ahead. 
Why don't we only use contracts that have a 99% chance of expiring in the money, since we're cherry picking random stats to define risk? 


Options are automatically leveraged 100 to 1, because 1 contract controls 100 shares. Saying that high leverage is riskier than options means literally nothing. You can be leveraged to any degree you want. Hell, you can even lend out your shares, making leverage ratio less than 1, effectively making you even less risky than buying US treasuries. 
Regardless, Implied volatility and historical volatility are better ways of defining risk, and options are volatile based on the underlying, not because they are options. You can have options that are less risky than bitcoin, and you can have options that are more risky than bitcoin. 
the point is that when measuring how the financial world actually measures risk, and not on some made up measure, there were better investments than bitcoin out there. There were also investments that were worse. 
But yeah, google the entire picture. Not just things that support your pre-existing view. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 12:02:30
Actually, it's a pretty well known phenomena that [technicals are only clear to people who don't understand the math behind them](
@_date: 2018-06-04 12:24:01
Well, we actually didn't print new money after 2008, we engaged in a practice called [quantatitive easing, which strictly does not involve the printing of new banknotes.](
@_date: 2018-06-01 18:32:36


Lol seriously? 
Here are some companies that have gained more than 22%, **today**:
CODX: 80%
CHNR: 50%
DHX: 31%
CLWT: 26%
Articles like this are exactly why nobody takes the new breed of bitcoin supporters seriously. 
@_date: 2018-06-05 12:06:27
But that isn't what QE is either. 
a central bank purchases government securities or other securities from the market in order to lower interest rates and increase the money supply.
Money isn't created during QE. You could argue that selling government bonds creates money, but someone still buys those bonds, so in reality, you aren't printing anything. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 21:01:09


true, but that wouldn't actually change the number of shares outstanding. As explained in your video, it would only change the number of shares on the bank's books, internally, which are not a part of market cap calculations. 


The person selling short does not control the voting rights, and the brokerage selling the shares is required to write if they are long or short the shares themselves, meaning they can't use voting rights of the shares unless they actually own them without breaking the law. This is rule 200 of the SHO. [See section 6 of this SEC filing]( 


There are actually rules against this too. A brokerage is required by [rule 203]( to prove that they actually believe they can get the shares by the settlement date. There are strict penalties for failure to do so. If they consistently FTD (usually by day 13 in a threshold security), It gets even worse. 


The first link you sent me has a disclaimer that says "our understanding of short selling has drastically increased since this presentation." Probably because of people pointing out errors in the logic. 


This is true, and it's why blockchain tech is going to take off. However, in the current system, where settlement takes 3 days, the SEC argues that shorting with borrowed shares actually increases liquidity, causing the stock price to more accurately reflect available information. 
Bear Sterns for instance, had a FTD increase of 10,800%! this is because when the exposure of Bayer Sterns to the subprime housing market was fully understood by the market, it was shorted to the ground. If this had not been allowed, Bayers Sterns would have been a ticking time bomb for anyone going long and "buying the dip" over the 3 days it would have taken to settle
Furthermore, FTD can actually occur on long sales too! [Here's another SEC filing.]( The explanation is fairly long, but you sound smart enough to make your way through it.
Don't short change yourself by watching secondary sources made by other people. Read the primary source, and decide for yourself. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:34:53


Again, anyone that works literally all day while minimizing costs for 10-15 years will eventually hit a million dollars if they can breathe and walk at the same time. It has nothing to do with FIRE club. In fact, all you are doing is limiting the upside potential of people willing to work extremely hard. You are also minimizing downside risk, but at the cost of actually enjoying your younger years. 
My math speaks for itself (and it's correct, you can ask your tax attorney) so If you don't agree with it, we'll have to agree to disagree. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 20:38:48
I directly quoted you. How is the direction not clear? 
@_date: 2018-03-06 22:38:29


If everyone wants to sell at the current price, but nobody wants to buy at the current price, what happens to the price? 
Conversely, if everyone wants to buy at the current price, but nobody is willing to sell at the current price, what happens to the price?
@_date: 2018-03-07 14:33:27


The shares loaned by NSCC members for use in the SBP must be on deposit at DTC and are debited from members' accounts when the securities are used to make delivery. **Once a member's shares are used for delivery to another member, the lending member no longer has the right to sell or relend those shares until such time as the shares are returned to its DTC account.**
The bolded is why that is not the case. I tried to shorten it, but I really do recommend reading the rest. It provides context that is really important. 


Already agreed on this point, I'm trying to explain your counterfeit shares claim. 


**Please note that fails-to-deliver can occur for a number of reasons on both long and short sales. Therefore, fails-to-deliver are not necessarily the result of short selling, and are not evidence of abusive short selling or “naked” short selling.**


You are appealing to authority when you take Bryne's word as gospel. 


None of these reasons actually prove anything he is saying, meaning you are appealing to authority, which I'm honestly okay with, if the authority is good. A libel case directly contradicts that Bryne is a trustworthy authority on any subject matter, which makes it VERY relevant to your evidence. 
Either way, I guess we'll have to agree to disagree. Nice talking to you. I definitely learned more because of this conversation. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:28:27


**No, it doesn't.** Apparently they teach math in college though, maybe it isn't such a bad thing after all?


@_date: 2018-03-21 13:05:54
I don't understand this at all. Not only can you invest in securities, mortgage markets, or consumer credit, just like the banks, but you can actually invest in small cap stocks, and lower grade bonds, that offer higher returns than banks can ever achieve, given their risk constraints. 
Furthermore, none of those are really how banks make money. Banks make money on loaning credit (which will happen regardless of what form they loan money in) and stock spreads (which again, will happen no matter what currency stocks trade in). 
I just don't want people to be disappointed when nothing really changes materially, regardless of widespread crypto adaptation. It doesn't actually address the main problem with consumer behavior (low market liquidity, and high propensity to consume debt). 
While it definitely creates more transparency in the financial markets (which is a good thing) the main problems with banks are already transparent, and the only technology that can change that, is tech that can change human psychology. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:24:26
I see what you're saying, the thing is, "good" money isn't what's more valuable, it's what transacts faster. 
Gold disappeared from circulation because it has more value, but it still isn't better at being money than money is. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 13:48:18
Not really. The total amount of shares for a particular company is fixed. The outstanding float of all shares MAY increase if your brokerage has to sell more shares to cover your short, but you don't just create shares out of nothing. 
Furthermore, why would a naked short inflate the shares, but a covered short wouldn't? The securities being sold short have no impact on the call option derivative used to cover, and to someone looking at the short float, they would look exactly the same. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 19:20:25


I've never seen someone so misinformed. The worst part is, you formatted it like you know what you're talking about. Please stop misleading people. 
Let's start at the beginning. Why does gold have intrinsic value? 
Is it because of gold consumption via bullion, jewelry, and electronics? 
[Gold consumption actually dropped slightly from 2007-2017. It mostly stayed even](
[The price of gold, on the other hand, varied wildly over that 10 year period.](
This should be alarming to you. If the price of gold has literally zero correlation to the consumption of gold, what conclusions can we draw? 
1) That the intrinsic value of gold is in no way related to it's consumption 
and 
2) Gold's value must necessarily be derived from other attributes it possesses. 
Gold has intrinsic value as a medium of exchange for 3 reasons. 
It is highly durable, easily divisible, and fungible
[Source 1](
[Source 2](
[Source 3](


Another swing, another miss 


You know what other store of value has a limited total number? 
You guessed it, Gold! So that must mean that any gold backed currency has always been deflationary! 
[Except wait, deflation and inflation actually have nothing to do with the total supply of anything!](
**Try spending more time researching, and less time formatting, before you make large sweeping declarations that are blatantly wrong.**
@_date: 2018-03-13 18:33:15


How much money do you think you can get if you decide to liquidate your farmville position on the open market? 
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:23:00
Okay great, let's do some basic fact checking:
So, you say a person can live on $330 a month, by only paying for these things: 
I'm not sure where the other 121 comes from, but let's just assume you aren't screwing over these kids, and that they are buying 1) health insurance and 2) the cheapest phone plan available
Now, lets create a list of assumptions that MUST be true for your hypothesis to hold true: 
1) they can make at least 4000 a month working a job that's in close proximity to their work, since they can't own a car, or use uber/lyft per expenses
2) This means they have access to 80 hours/week of work, making almost double the minimum wage - $13/hour AFTER taxes
3) This means that, in 48 months, or 4 years, they will have $192,000 in total revenue. Subtract 48 months of living expenses at $330 per month (15,840) and you are left with $176,160. 
4) Let's also assume that you are investing, just to help you out a bit here: 
If you invest 3670 per month, after 4 years, including taxes (hopefully you live in Texas, so I can deduct state tax) and using inflation of 2.9%, **you would have to return 20%, or almost 3 times the DJI Rate of return**, in order to have 257K saved. Even then, you'd have to take a 25% tax hit on realized gains, causing you to effectively have only 230k saved. 
Do your FIRE studio guys know that they need to make returns better than some of the greatest fund managers, ever? If not, you are committing fraud.
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:27:30


Which is exactly why companies like Facebook, Apple, Netflix, and Google have low valuations and have not performed well over the last few years. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:53:15


That's because they are working 80 hours a week, or more. If they also have to invest time into managing their real estate investments, we need to add those hours in as well, and see what it's costing them to do so based on what their jobs pay via opportunity cost.
Also, real estate required up front capital (that they don't have at the start of 4 years), and not only that, over the long run, it returns less than equities, NOT including the time spent. 


Please send me your tax attorneys' info, I would like to sue them for fraud as well. A C class corp may protect your assets from liability, but it DOES NOT protect you from taxes unless your assets cause financial loss, which you have clearly stated is not the case. Furthermore, is your tax attorney free? If not, we need to deduct that from the 230k in 4 years as well. 


Are you telling these kids that for every hour of work they do fixing up the place, the need to subtract how much they make an hour, on average, in order to account for the opportunity cost of doing so? 
It seems like your entire system is based on getting young guys to do free work fixing up houses in order for you (as well as those acolytes higher up on the pyramid) to profit from the new recruits labor. That's really sad man.  
@_date: 2018-03-06 22:17:55


The supply of tradable shares is the float, which is what I mentioned earlier. This changes almost daily, and has several different causes that are FAR more significant than naked shorting. (shares sold off the books, for instance, or issuing new shares to replace those loss from employee compensation) It's beyond the scope of a reddit reply to be honest, I've got to work, but you get the idea.


[The SEC comes out and explains specifically why this idea is false. Here's the text:](
Question 7.1: Do naked short sale transactions create "counterfeit shares?"
Answer: Some believe that naked short sale transactions cause the number of shares trading to exceed the number of shares outstanding, which in turn allows broker-dealers to trade shares that don't exist. Others believe that the U.S. clearance and settlement system, and specifically the NSCC’s CNS, produces "phantom" or "counterfeit" securities by accounting for fails to deliver.
Naked short selling has no effect on an issuer's total shares outstanding. There is significant confusion relating to the fact that the aggregate number of positions reflected in customer accounts at broker-dealers may in fact be greater than the number of securities issued and outstanding. This is due in part to the fact that securities intermediaries, such as broker-dealers and banks, credit customer accounts prior to delivery of the securities. For most securities trading in the U.S. market, delivery subsequently occurs as expected. However, fails to deliver can occur for a variety of legitimate reasons, and flexibility is necessary in order to ensure an orderly market and to facilitate liquidity. Regulation SHO is intended to address the limited situations where fails are a potential problem.
Similarly, CNS has no effect on an issuer's total shares outstanding. With regards to the contention that the U.S. clearance and settlement system, and specifically NSCC's CNS system, creates counterfeit shares, this is not the case. CNS is essentially an accounting system that indicates delivery and receive obligations among its members (i.e., broker-dealers and banks). These obligations do not reflect ownership positions until such time as delivery of shares are actually made. Ownership positions are reflected on the records of The Depository Trust Company ("DTC").
Question 7.2: Does NSCC's stock borrow program ("SBP") create "counterfeit shares"?
Answer: The SBP was implemented in the late 1970s to allow NSCC to satisfy its members' priority needs for stocks that they do not receive because of fails. It is governed by NSCC rules approved by the Commission. Under the SBP, NSCC uses shares voluntarily made available to the SBP by some of its members to complete deliveries to members that did not receive their securities on settlement day. The SBP moves securities that are actually on deposit at DTC from the lending member to the NSCC member who did not receive securities. NSCC then records the lender's right to receive the same amount of shares that it loaned just as if the lender had purchased securities but not received them (i.e., the member lending the securities replaces the member receiving the loaned securities in the CNS system). The lending and delivery of shares through the SBP, however, does not relieve the member that has failed to deliver from its obligation to deliver securities.
The shares loaned by NSCC members for use in the SBP must be on deposit at DTC and are debited from members' accounts when the securities are used to make delivery. Once a member's shares are used for delivery to another member, the lending member no longer has the right to sell or relend those shares until such time as the shares are returned to its DTC account. Accordingly, NSCC's SBP does not create "counterfeit shares." In fact, the program facilitates the delivery of securities to buyers while maintaining the obligation of the sellers to deliver securities to NSCC. This outcome is consistent with the NSCC's obligation to facilitate the prompt and accurate clearance and settlement of securities transactions and in general to protect investors and the public interest.


[I wouldn't go that far. He was found guilty of libel in 2016. It's pretty clear that he has used the courts for his own gain in the past](
In May 2016, the Court found that the allegations in the Deep Capture articles were spurious and Nazerali was awarded $1.2 million in damages, including $500,000 in aggravated damages, $250,000 in punitive damages and $55,000 in special damages. Byrne was permanently banned from publishing these accusations. The Court found Byrne, his employee Mark Mitchell, and Deep Capture "engaged in a calculated and ruthless campaign to inflict as much damage on Mr. Nazerali’s reputation as they could achieve." **The 102-page decision said “It is clear on the evidence that their intention was to conduct a vendetta in which the truth about Mr. Nazerali himself was of no consequence."**
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:17:00


You are missing the point here man. 
If you work hard for 100 hours a week for the rest of your life, you will eventually find success. No question about it. 
the thing is, you need to work smart also. If you put in 100 hours a week into college for 4 years, you could easily make 55-70k, PER YEAR, straight out of college, working 40 hours a week, and not only that, but you'd have a free 60 hours a week to do whatever you wanted, including working if you choose. 
Its funny. If you want to spend minimal amounts of money to survive, you have to compare yourself to the college kids that also spend almost nothing, not the ones that are in debt 250k. 
I totally agree that people spending 45 hours a week watching T.V. aren't going to get as far as the people working 100 hours a week, all things equal. 
I still think you are misleading people, but I'm beginning to think it's not intentional. You ran into an amazing stroke of luck with real estate, and for some reason, you think it takes literally zero time, except in emergencies, which is simply false. 
If you're teaching people how to work hard, that's great, and it's a fantastic service. I just wanted to let you know that your math is extremely off, both in finance and in time management. I'm not trying to discredit your service. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 20:12:00


This is not why TA doesn't work for bitcoin. TA only works in very specific situations because in traditional markets, futures and options contracts are the main for of confirmation. Neither form has sufficient volume w bitcoin to be of any use. 


This is simply not true. there is high demand for CMT's precisely because it works.
@_date: 2018-03-08 13:31:37




Exact opposite actually.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:26:00
None of this answers my question though. It doesn't even address it: 
*Why would people enter trades that do not benefit them?*
A giant response full of non-sequiturs with no empirical data doesn't really do anything to support your theory. 
@_date: 2018-03-05 18:49:50
Are you questioning TA in general, this particular method, or the op's skill? 
TA has undeniably been proven to work, and create profits, when applied correctly. CMT's, chartered market technicians, are sought after, and well compensated for their skill on wallstreet. 
However, this op lacks a fundamental (ha) understanding of what TA is meant to accomplish. He references "If some good news comes out, then this" which directly contradicts why TA works at all. 
The entire point of TA is that information at large is discounted by price movement. This is because TA assumes that weak form efficient market hypotheses is not true, because investors are subjected to biases and cognitive limitations. Because an investor can not tell which information is affecting the stock price, as well as how information is being interpreted by the market as a whole, it makes sense to discount it entirely in the form of price action. 
In the stock market for instance, put/call interest ratio tends to be a VERY good lead indicator for how the market feels about all information currently existing in the market place, when using futures markets, and put/call ratio, you can get some pretty interesting confirmations. 
Disclaimer: While I am well versed in TA, I am ultimately a value investor, relying on fundamental analysis 85% of the time.
@_date: 2018-03-20 14:04:03
I was being sarcastic. Tech stocks have far and away the best returns  of any stocks since the last recession, and I just think it's funny that we assume wallstreet investors can't accurately value technology, even though the evidence seems to suggest the opposite. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 19:53:36
What dictatorships don't understand is that top down planning destroys inherently destroys redundancies meant to safeguard the economy, and creates an interconnected system that fails when one of the part fails
It's not unique to dictatorships. It's true in technocracies as well. It actually sucks. Thank God the "smart" leaders that "smart" citizens vote for don't win every election, because if they did, we'd be dead in 5 minutes. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:13:54


I thought you were in real estate? 
So not only do you rip off labor from the hopeful, but you also pedal addictive products? That's really sad man.


I made my career, and fortune, off shorting bullshit companies, and the people associated with them. My life is dedicated to finding the liars, and the fakers; the chinks in the armor of the deceitful. It's not a perfect life, but it's pretty satisfying.


Huh? Do I come off as miserable? I love spotting frauds. In fact, watching fraudulent people try to defend themselves actually brings me great joy.  


I'm glad you enjoy other people being miserable. It suits your business model well. Personally, I like creating opportunity, and getting people out of the dark. 
It's nice, knowing that I'm not enabling addicts. But I guess my version of a beautiful world doesn't involve profiting off the pain of others. 
@_date: 2018-03-13 19:57:10
Quoting a source that has no sources for his thoughts doesn't actually help you in any way, for the record. 
Secondly, you copying a tweet from the same source does nothing to improve your credibility, and worse yet, didn't actually answer anything I asked.
third, Why isn't gold selling in WoW regulated by the SEC? 
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:36:41


@_date: 2018-03-08 20:08:53


Actually, this is one of THE ONLY times TA works, and even then, it doesn't predict it will happen, it uses retroactive price action to say that it could happen, and that over the long run, it's safer not to gamble in these situations. 


It's actually pretty simple to explain, but if one is as resistant to learning as you are, even simple concepts become hard to explain.
@_date: 2018-03-21 17:16:12


That's definitely true, but it's no different than using an exchange. You don't actually have ownership of your coins, just claims to them. Consider why exchanges began: it wasn't because people needed a place to store bitcoins, it was built to facilitate liquidity, because trading bitcoins was extremely difficult. 


I just need more convincing on this point I think. The threat to banks has absolutely nothing to do with crypto replacing fiat. The threat, if any, comes from exchanges, which offer no real benefits over a bank, other than early adoption. 
Let's say you wanted to buy a stock that was secured a la bitcoin. In order for the stock to be sold to the market, the company in question would have to find out what they were worth in total, and then sell shares of stock on the open market, priced accordingly. 
This is what an investment bank does. They buy ALL the shares of the company in question for a specific price, and then they sell them on the open market for X a share. An IPO. It's important to the company because they get an exact amount of money per share, and they can use financial experts to make sure they are getting what they are worth, and that they are selling at a good price.
So, if an exchange wanted to take a company public using bitcoin, they'd buy all of the shares with bitcoin, then list all shares at a certain price, in bitcoin, and then people would buy the shares, a la IPO. 
None of these services are different, despite being conducted with bitcoin. Companies still need to know what they are worth, and financial experts are still the best at doing that. 


While that is true, bitcoin won't solve asymmetric information either. 
Asymmetric information isn't knowing what price something was bought at, it's knowing something about a company that the public doesn't know yet. It's actually more often company insiders, rather than banks, and bitcoin won't change this either, because price action won't determine can't determine who knows what any better than fiat can. 


I'm not trying to convince people that crypto is useless, quiet the opposite actually. It's just that you and I couldn't use bitcoin to trade anything individually, because without liquidity, we have no measure of what that something is worth. 
My point is that banks don't dip their hands into our affairs because we have no choice, they do so because it's significantly easier for us when they do. They provide a legitimate service, and if they didn't, people wouldn't use it. 
Decentralization is protection against government failure. It doesn't change how banks operate in theory, it can only change the medium through which they transact, which in the long run, does nothing to shift the balance of power to the people, and away from banks. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 18:48:52
It's kind of amazing. Reading Satoshi's original work, you could tell he was a brilliant financier, but an average programmer. 
What happened? 
@_date: 2018-03-12 13:46:49


I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding on why exchanges take place at all. 
If two people trade, and they are not under duress, the trade, by definition, must benefit both of them more than they would benefit without the trade. Otherwise, they would not engage in a trade. 
This action does not extract value, it creates value. If either party was losing value in said trade, the trade would never have happened. 
The economy is not a zero sum game - just because you gain value when trading, does not mean that someone else loses equal amounts of value.
@_date: 2018-03-29 12:25:00
My intention was to demonstrate that humans are not very good at picking which technologies will grow to main stream adaptation. 
Just off the top of my head, I remember fax centers. People really thought that faxing was the way of the future, and fairly well known investors piled in, making faxing centers all around the country. 
Another way to phrase it: the number of technologies that people thought were going to revolutionize society, but didn't, is far longer than the list of technologies that did revolutionize society, yet had detractors. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:58:39


So, where are your 100 hours a week students getting the hours they need to fix houses, look through dozens of offers, and broker their own deals, which often takes half a day? 
Also, don't forget that we need to subtract every hour you've ever spent on real estate, since 1991, again because of opportunity cost. If you are working real estate in any way, you can not also be working an hourly job. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 19:24:20
Great, now make a list of every invention that people said would be revolutionary, but completely failed. 
Notice how that list is **signfiicantly** longer than this one. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 22:03:54
Technical Analysis. 
Basically, there's 2 forms of analysis: Fundamental analysis, and Technical Analysis. 
Fundamental analysis tries to find securities where the "intrinsic price" is below the price that the stock is trading at
Technical Analysis tries to analyse market trends. A big one is when markets don't have any more money to put into said asset. This typically signals that the asset will decrease in price. 
The thing is, it's easy to do TA. you have a 50% chance of being wrong or right, every time. It's also nearly impossible to tell if you're being lucky, or being smart. This means that we can expect a bell curve like distribution of winners and losers, with some rare cases of people making TONS of money, purely on luck.  
fundamental analysis, on the other hand, is significantly harder to do, because you need to actually name a price, meaning the odds of you being wrong are SIGNIFICANTLY higher than 50%.
As a result, you have a bunch of uneducated people "trading" on TA, that, when averaged out, are no more accurate than flipping a coin. 
Then, you have the 2nd level of morons, who think that because a bunch of uneducated people that suck at TA are using TA, means that TA can't be accurate no matter who does it. 
It's amazing. I'd say 97% of people that use TA have never read a single book on it, and 100% of the people that criticize TA, and not the people incorrectly using it, have DEFINITELY never read a book on it. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 20:15:01
really? lol
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:48:32
So basically, all I have to do is acquire parents that can take care of me for 10 years, pay them literally nothing, and then work 80 hours a week for 10 years straight? 
That's literally laughable. Stop typing on the internet, and thank your parents right now for literally giving you a free pass in life. 
@_date: 2018-03-13 19:03:57


So in other words, when countries start to turn down free money, bitcoin will take over? 
Not holding my breath on that one. Luckily, bitcoin has plenty of good reasons to rise in the meantime. 
@_date: 2018-04-26 15:13:12


So you were a developer that couldn't spend any time developing? Doesn't that mean you weren't a developer, but simply had a passing interest in bitcoin? 


So you think the core group is infested with money interests, even though they actually benefit more economically from implementing BCH's approach due to concentration of mining? Hmm. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:36:50


You should tell the financial institutions that all of their CMT's are a waste of money and that the statistics they have proving technicals work in specific scenarios are probably bs. 
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:28:58
I just draw green arrows every time it goes up a little bit. 
according to my technicals, we've had 12 bull markets and 13 bear markets in the last 3 months. 
So we should be good, but it might go down. 
@_date: 2018-04-20 13:03:26
If I lend you $1, and then you lend that $1 to someone else, does than mean there is more than $1 between the 3 of us? 
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:49:08
Economics happens at the margin. 
You take large samples, and make models based on their ability to predict the future. Suicidal people necessarily make up a small percentage of any population that lives into the futures (If everyone died, nobody would be alive)
It's not that people don't understand your example, it's that you aren't actually refuting anything. You are saying that to a statistically insignificant sample of the population, certain things don't have value. That's true, but we aren't modeling value for that small group, We're modeling value, or utility, for the entire society. 
Another way to put it is that we're holding society equal. We're assuming that, on average, they value survival. I'd say that's a fair assumption, if we care about the model being useful. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 20:57:04


You are living proof that being lucky is better than being smart. 


Ironic. 


This argument ended the second I called you out on knowing nothing, and you couldn't even remotely defend your position. You *still* have done nothing to prove your position. 
Also, only being 12 times richer because of bitcoin means that you weren't in bitcoin before 2016, which means that not only are you incompetent, but that you are also lying about your past history. (Or maybe you're just VERY bad at math, it's hard to tell which.) 
Here's to hoping nobody is dumb enough to take advice from you. They apparently didn't do it the first time, and with good reason. 
@_date: 2018-04-25 15:57:23
So, without manipulation, people wouldn't sell after the price reached a new high? 
So, basically, all stock markets, forex, and bond markets are wrong :o 
Thanks. Going to tell my bank this. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 12:21:04
No need to be sorry. It's not your fault you can't follow an argument, or string together a cohesive defense for your own non-sequiturs. 
Let's make this really simple: Why haven't you renounced your US citizenship? 
@_date: 2018-04-16 19:03:28


Going to need a source on this one, especially since I said "arguably." It's an important qualifier, but you don't really seem like a detail oriented person, so it's understandable, I guess. 
[Either way, here's a source. There's only 2 passports that can visit more countries without a visa than a US passport, and it's harder to obtain visa's if you are citizens of either one, compared to the US.](


So you're saying the people that don't live in the US are more likely to want to renounce citizenship? Thanks Sherlock Holmes. You should get paid for your brilliant deductions. Even though you refuted my anecdotal experience with your own, and claimed it's because you have lived and worked in multiple countries, despite having no knowledge of where I have lived and worked.


Since you're so smart, you're clearly aware that you do not have to report income under 10k made out of the country. What does that mean for incredibly intelligent people like you? 
That renouncing your citizenship would be cheaper than paying taxes on income made overseas for any amount of income made that was taxable :O 
In other words, this argument has nothing to do with your original point, and putting it in here was red herring at best, and incoherent arguing at worst. 


I wouldn't know about this. My employer has always paid for me to move, since I have a skillset they want. Judging from your experience, you've moved to new countries with no job, and typically, Europe doesn't like freeloaders, regardless of what country they are from. 


Says the guy that keeps his passport, even though he apparently doesn't see the benefit of it. You also think it's more expensive to renounce than it is to keep paying taxes, for some reason. You also apparently lack the education required to apply for citizenship in other countries, otherwise you probably would have done so already. I mean, the fact that you hate the US passport, but have one anyway, means you're either not educated enough to pursue alternatives, or that you don't realize that you can. Neither one paints a good picture.


To be honest, you couldn't tell the difference between a retard and Einstein, even if they were right in front of you. But hey, that's what happens when you lack awareness. 
@_date: 2018-04-23 16:02:52
Essentially, what percentage of market orders are buy orders. 
What side is more willing to eat the spread between bid and ask?
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:35:40
There are *VERY FEW* (if any) Keynesian economists in existence today. Although the main stream of economic thinking, [Neoclassical Economics]( does borrow heavily from it.
There are plenty of problems for this school of thinking. Such as still using utility theory when a better alternative, like prospect theory, is clearly necessary. 
Also, the idea that labor rights naturally improve is clearly wrong. There are economic incentives in developing nations to the contrary. 
However, I think you'd be hard pressed to find a modern economist, mainstream or otherwise, that thinks inflationary monetary policy is inherently a bad thing. If used in the wrong circumstances, it can be devastating, as Keynes demonstrated. However, there seems to be a consensus agreements among economists that we understand these conditions.


There is an entire school of economics that has considered fixing the money supply, or rather, a sub branch of the school. Milton Friedman, the father of the chicago school of economics, thought that inflation should increase at k%. He's typically associated with non-inflationary currency, but this is wrong. 
Plenty of people do believe you are correct though. You have Von Mises, who wrote the original blueprint for stable money supply. Hell, some of the most influential economic thinkers in modern times agree with you. Take Alan Greenspan for example. Probably the most influential monetary figure in your life time, was a believer in the Chicago school of econ. 
Eugene Fama, the creator of the EMH, one of the most influential theories of modern finance and econ, believed in the Chicago school. 
But yeah. Just thought you should know that there are plenty of powerful people that agree with you, at least somewhat. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 11:57:40
Yeah, luckily buying large objects with cash is easy, carrying around massive sums in your wallet is easy, and you totally aren't at risk for being mugged. 
@_date: 2018-04-25 12:14:43


This pretty much describes what the lightning network is, and again, directly goes against the idea of bigger block sizes. If block sizes continue to increase, their will be no "rest of the nodes" because everything, including transactions, will be done on server farms.




guess what lightweight clients can exist with constantly increasing blocksize? Oh right, zero. 
Oh? You mean posting irrelevant "proof," out of context, doesn't actually support your argument? 
EDIT: Format
@_date: 2018-04-13 16:58:26


No, it objectively can't, and I just explained why. Make sure you actually read  the comments you respond to. 


What does this prove? That redditors want crypto to go up? That TA is wrong when an idiot does it? You might as well toss some dice to decide if the last 5 minute candle was manipulation or not. It'd have about the same accuracy. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 14:22:38


Are you serious? Why would anyone manipulate bitcoin if they didn't make any money doing it? That's completely absurd. 


This is also absurd. Psychology is fickle. Basing a manipulation scheme on psychology would quickly render the manipulator broke, as you have correctly pointed out.  
since "manipulation" still exists, it means people are not going broke doing it, which means your entire thesis falls apart. 


The stock market is entirely based on entities creating cash flow. Bitcoin does not create cash flow. That doesn't mean that bitcoin has no value, but it does mean that you can't value bitcoin the way you value a stock. 


Bitcoin is getting less volatile because more players are entering and exiting the space at a more consistent pace. If manipulators were running out of money, they wouldn't be manipulating. Incentives matter. Economics 101. 
Since I've been so negative, I'll give you an example of a manipulation scheme that would actually make money, given that you had enough capital to execute it (hint: it has nothing to do with psychology. Nobody with enough money to manipulate the market is stupid enough to rely on something so fickle)
Let's say you're a massive hedge fund that has accumulated 100k bitcoins around December, at 20k a piece. Then that fund gets a new manager. A typical manager getting hired at a fund will not be held responsible for any moves made in the first 3 months. This is so he can liquidate the old managers positions, if he doesn't care for the company, without it affecting his track record. 
Let's say this guy hates bitcoin, and wants to get 100k coins off his books, but doesn't want to destroy his capital in the process. In theory, said fund manager could go short futures contracts 4 months from now. Over 3 months, he could liquidate the bitcoin portfolio, dropping the price of bitcoin down substantially by selling smallish chunks over time. 
By doing this, he is able to get all 100k bitcoins off his books, while hedging his losses. Because the futures contracts are cash settled, he makes 20k - 7k x100 per contract, and gets all of his bitcoins off the books.
His overall trade is arbitrage, and represents a net-zero gain. Any market forces besides his own that move the price don't affect him, because he is hedged.  
This IS NOT manipulation in any way. In fact, plays like this happen all of the time. However, the artifacts of his trades would have you, and people like you, claiming manipulation.
@_date: 2018-04-09 11:55:30


Business aren't stupid, generally. 
It's extremely likely that they will convert to fiat on a regular basis, or even per transaction, just for the added exposure to additional methods of payment. 
It's like credit cards. Business have to pay a fee for every transaction, but it makes very little sense to be cash only in this day and age. 
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:27:30


I don't think you were early if this is what was happening. I've been involved in some way or another since 2010, and back then, bitcoin wasn't decentralization, libertarians, or freedom. 
the only goal that was common among everyone back then was transparency. Mainly because the opaqueness of the banking industry is what exacerbated the 2007-2009 housing crash. 


You're missing the point here though. While fees increasing is a very real problem, the solution you take to dealing with them is important. 
Increasing the block size inevitably leads to a concentration in mining power, because the hardware required to stay competitive increases as block size increases. While this decentralization effect is not particularly important to bitcoins future on it's own, the effects it creates are extremely important. 
As concentration of mining increase, so does concentration of bitcoin wealth. As fewer and fewer parties have control over more and more bitcoin, incentives become perverse. Similar to how monopolistic firms cause deadweight loss in ecomomics due to pricing issues. 
A system of ever increasing block sizes will inevitably cause perverse incentives; that is, incentives that encourage reducing transparency. Which, undeniably, IS the main focus of bitcoin, whether you view it as a currency, or as a store of value. 
If bitcoin doesn't do its job as a transparent and secure currency, the fees are inconsequential. They could be zero, and nobody would use the coin. 
bitcoin cash as a solution would be like your doctor putting a band-aid on your tongue because you have herpes. it does nothing to fix the core problem, nor prevent future problems associated with it. It just looks better until the band-aid falls off. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 12:33:28
Zero of the links you posted can address what my current POS system does. 
Why is it so difficult to understand the basic concept that merchants will not make their lives harder to accept a payment option that offers few additional customers, and zero additional utility? 
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:02:11
[According to Movehub, the U.S. has the highest fees in the world to renounce citizenship at $2,350.](
Anyone that isn't getting a tax return could easily afford this. Also, the US passport is arguably the most powerful passport in the world, giving you access to the most countries compared against any other. 
Most people I know that want to renounce citizenship here have never actually lived in another country before. It's really interesting actually. 
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:35:42


This could not be further form the truth, and simply googling "why does gold have inherent value" will reveal why. 
Gold, cash, and bitcoin all have intrinsic value for the exact same reason - they are good exchange mediums. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 19:43:33


You haven't actually addressed anything the entire comment chain. You can't waste your time if it doesn't have any value in the first place. 


At the point, it's obvious you lack even basic financial knowledge, an anyone that responds to you is now going to realize that, based on your comment history. Hopefully because of this, people won't waste time arguing with someone that intentionally doesn't learn anything just because it's easier for them to accept that someone is manipulating them out of their money. 
@_date: 2018-04-20 13:21:22
So, lending does not inherently result in more money being in circulation? 
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:37:15
Not really. Ultimately, the higher the barrier to entry into mining, the more concentrated mining becomes. 
So even if more and more people adopt BCH, it will just cause further and further centralization, because there is increasing incentive to concentrate mining power as BCH tokens are worth more and more. 
Even theoretically, it is almost explicitly the opposite of what bitcoin was originally meant to accomplish. The problem is, you need technical knowledge, as well as economic knowledge of incentives, to understand why. VERY few people have such a diverse skill set, and as such, it's easy to con people into believing that BCH makes a lot of sense. 
@_date: 2018-04-25 15:53:48
The people that do that have no money left. That's why you never see rich socialists.
@_date: 2018-04-09 12:05:03
Do you mind listing an easy way to integrate what my current POS system does with BTC without using a third party? I'd love to accept bitcoin. 


For the record, this would not come even close to working, because my inventory is not valued in btc, I can not report in BTC, and I need to be able to report BTC sales in dollars for people that do not use BTC. 
By the way, are you the bitcoin-yoda on twitter tooo? I enjoy your tweets, if so. Keep it up. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 16:50:41
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:40:39
extrinsic and intrinsic value regarding future cash flows is an adaptation of what intrinsic actually means, and isn't what's being discussed with regards to bitcoin.
Extrinsic value in terms of derivatives simply measure time decay and moneyness. Theta and delta. Those objects exist on bitcoin futures, or options on futures, if they had them. However, the definition of intrinsic value being debated here is as it relates to currency.
Does gold, or the US dollar, have intrensic value? Yes, but not because the paper it's printed on is worth that much, or because gold is really used that much in electronics. 
Mediums of exchange have inherent value. The ability to be liquid is worth something, and that's what many people miss in this discussion. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 14:12:44


So, you were recommending bitcoin when you joined reddit, and not before, as you claimed in your prior post? 
Got it. 
Furthermore, if you were smart, you sold around 16-20k. 
But hey, luck got you this far, might as well keep riding it out. 
@_date: 2018-04-26 16:24:29
That's how they are getting people to believe in it though man. Using deception. 
Block size increases directly hurt the original bitcoin's goals, much more than larger transaction fees (that are being solved anyway) don't let the propaganda get through to you. Do your own research into who benefits from block size increases. Its all about incentives, and judging from your education, you should immediately find out what parties benefit from bigger block sizes, and which ones lose. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 12:22:20


[For the record, the NASDAQ has only reached 87 on 14 month RSI in 1% of it's history, in 1996, 1986, and 1955. All 3 times, after hitting 87, 3 of the greatest Bull markets to ever exist happened.]( 


Nothing is obvious in technical analysis, and back testing MACD proves that it's basically useless. Again, backtesting takes feeling and luck out of the equation, and help paint a better picture. Even if you do find success backtesting, the hardest part is after that: to ensure you aren't curve fitting. 


Price action isn't some mythical thing that people can get good at by experience. There is no feedback loop for it; it's impossible to know if you are being lucky, or being smart. 
Consolidation periods are one of the only times you can make money using technicals, but that isn't because technicals are doing anything: it's because you are cutting your losses using stops, and letting your gains ride.
Even then, back testing reveals that you under perform the bench mark, because you can not time the tops, or the bottoms, with any system of logic. In other words: if you make money trading flags, it's because you're on the lucky side of the bell curve, not because you're smart. 
I actually use technicals, but only in arbitrage. They are extremely helpful when applied correctly. However, the conditions to apply them correctly don't exist in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-04-20 14:37:29
By making an insane claim with zero proof? 
Seems legit. 
@_date: 2018-04-09 19:58:46
The thing is, it isn't better than a coin flip. 
TA appears to work if you are only bench marking it against 0 - that is, if you made any money at all, TA 'worked" 
on the other hand, if you were to do TA, and benchmark it against bitcoin's gains last year, every single indicator, back-tested, lost money against the overall returns of bitcoin itself. In other words, if you made money with TA over the bench mark, it wasn't because trends existed. It was because you misinterpreted TA signals, and got lucky in the process. 
@_date: 2018-04-16 17:25:30


If you haven't seen a good trader yet, does that mean they do not exist? 
Nobody had ever seen a black swan. For thousands of years, that meant that they didn't exist. Until someone saw one, of course. 
You are running into a fundamental problem of inductive logic, and it's preventing you from seeing trading rationally. If you want to read more on how this matters to traders, I'd suggest [The black swan by Nassim Taleb](


Here is the first misconception about trading. The best traders have never timed the markets. They utilize arbitrage opportunities, which exist in countless forms across every asset class, and rarely have anything to do with market timing.
[I highly recommend reading The Quants if you're interested in learning how successful traders operate, as well as their history. It's not only extremely informative, but highly entertaining](


Now this I agree with. The vast majority of traders are terrible at trading, and when they do win, it's because they are lucky, not because they are smart. One of the fundamental books on Wallstreet for understanding this is [What I learned losing a million dollars](
The entire story is about an extremely successful trader who lost everything on one bet, mainly because his entire life before that had been a string of extremely lucky coincidences, and he never realized it. 


Keep in mind, the best traders are always benchmarked against an asset or index. This is called [beta weighing.]( If you make less money trading then you would have from just holding the bench marked asset, you have effectively lost money from trading. 


There are a lot of reasons for Warren Buffet's success, but it's worth pointing out that it's a lot more complex than just picking a security and holding it forever. If you want to learn about value investing, and the fundemental analysis behind it, check out [Security Analysis](
It's written by Ben Graham, the guy who taught Warren Buffet everything he knows. Arguably the most important concept in the text is called [investing with a margin of safety](
Bitcoin definitely has intrinsic value. The problem is, nobody knows what that intrinsic value is worth. Since there is no currently known method of valuing a decentralized network (although progress is being made) Warren Buffet wouldn't touch bitcoin with a 10 foot pole, and if you want to invest in value, the way he has, you shouldn't either. 


Ouch man, that's harsh. I'm interested in why you correlate hodling with intelligence. IMO, there are dumb people hodling, and dumb people trading. Most of the time, it's those who form an opinion based on a single source, or worse yet a single quote, who are dumb. It's those that think in absolutes, and without a healthy degree of skepticism. 
According to Ben Graham, it's not the speculators or the investors that are dumb. It's the people that can't tell the difference between the two. 
EDIT: Sorry, typed this up real quick at work. Spelling and grammar mistakes everywhere. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 12:09:02


Correct, but every single serious technical trader also uses technicals purely as indicators for arbitrage, rather than as signals regarding market sentiment. 


Agreed in principle, actually, although I'd argue that to be considered successful, their TA would have had to work in both the bull market before December, and the bear market after. Not only that, but because of the bell curve distribution of trading success/failure, you would actually expect several instances of pure success having all to do with luck, and nothing to do with Technicals.


This is exactly what you DO NOT need. 
if you use instinct, you are infusing emotion into your trades, meaning luck plays an exponentially greater role in your success for every trade you put on.


adding several indicators actually gets you further away from success, especially if your initial indicators don't actually recognize forward patterns on their own. It's a well defined property of Bayesian statistics. I like Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman for a layman's explanation for why that is the case. 
EDIT: Word, I can't spell. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 17:29:53


Something isn't rambling just because you can't comprehend it. If you can't understand basic concept like hedging and arbitrage, then there's literally zero chance you would understand manipulation, even if it *was* right in front of you. I don't imply anything about market participants, or their rationality. 


Okay? what does that have to do with manipulation? Market irrationality and manipulation are completely unrelated concepts. 
 &gt;There it is, the good old "oh those guys are just going TA wrong, it's not bullshit because I haven't lost yet". You're one of their irrational victims.
Um, you quote Warren Buffet, a Fundamental investor, then make claims that you can understand irrational investor behavior? THEN you say that all of TA is bullshit? Lmao. If you actually understood anything Buffet or Graham said, you'd realize that fundamental analysis couldn't recognize irrational markets, by definition. 
Take a class, or at least read a book for crying out loud. [Here's the best book for a beginner](
@_date: 2018-04-16 19:27:17
Good strong counter argument from the guy that can't figure out his own passport. 