@_author: googleduck
@_date: 2018-03-07 18:30:54
Right but there is nothing you can do about cash. But large scale drug deals and black market transfers can be achieved through cryptocurrencies as was clear from anyone who knows anything about the Silk Road.
@_date: 2018-03-06 19:41:33
This is literally a group of people that spent several days claiming BILL GATES doesn't understand cryptocurrencies. These people unironically believe that from watching a few YouTube videos they have a greater knowledge on the subject than the founder of Microsoft. His criticisms were even legitimate, but people are so blinded by wanting to make their millions on Bitcoin they ignored it. You and everyone else on this sub can't claim every person critical of cryptocurrencies doesn't understand them, all it does is legitimize their arguments that this is a bubble of people who don't understand economics.
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:30:36
Lol I'm glad you would rather block someone that entertain opposing ideas. We need SOME form of money for a functioning society and cash is currently necessary since not everything can be done digitally. But cryptocurrencies do things that even cash doesn't allow, large scale untraceable transactions that don't require a personal meeting is a serious problem for policing. This isn't to say that there isn't a solution or cryptocurrencies should be banned but it IS a valid concern. Thanks for your hyperbole and superiority complex, it's been nice talking.
@_date: 2018-03-07 02:03:12
I feel like I shouldn't have to refute these points they are so absurd but here goes. Find me a source on that 386 quote, good luck though since there isn't one and he says he never said it. Let me straighten out your argument here, you are going with the idea that Microsoft and Bill Gates have a poor understanding of technology because of Bing? You cant just point out a couple of examples as proof that they were failures when their legacy is one of overwhelming success. They created the personal computer market and still to this day dominate it. 
Further you are just listing off a bunch of fields that could be applied to any innovation. Game theory? That's why he can't understand it but you can? By your standards there is no one on the planet qualified to judge bitcoins potential yet here I have discovered this treasure trove of thousands of redditors with an expertise in economics, math, cryptography, computer science, and game theory. If you think for one second that anyone on this subreddit has a better grasp of those concepts than arguably the most successful man in the world in the field of technology you have lost your mind.
@_date: 2018-03-06 23:02:04
It's not an appeal to authority lol do you even know what that means? He has applicable expertise. If you think a lifetime in computer science doesn't count as relevant experience to Bitcoin you are delusional. If I said Trump understands crypto because he is president THAT would be an appeal to authority. An even basic computer science background prepares you well enough to understand the theory behind cryptocurrency. 
What he said about fentanyl is true. Do you really think anonymous untraceable currencies (depending on the coin of course) isn't a real problem is stopping illegal drug trade? It doesn't have to condemn them to being banned but it is a legitimate concern about the rise of anonymous exchange of digital currency.
@_date: 2018-03-06 23:37:53
I'm not claiming he is a genius who can predict all possible outcomes with cryptocurrencies, that would be ridiculous. I'm saying that he has a better understanding of them than 99% of this subreddit yet they act as though he is some technologically illiterate fool because he sees some flaws with anonymous currency.
You are proof of this yourself. You are just regurgitating arguments I have seen from hundreds of other redditors. What you are saying about Windows is almost word for word from a thread last week. Yet you claim to understand this subject well enough to dismiss him out of hand. To claim that computers and crypto are equally responsible for drug trade requires being purposefully obtuse. It's like saying steel and nukes are equally responsible for Hiroshima because steel was included in the bomb. Technically true but massively misleading.
And your opinion on the drug trade doesn't change the fact that drugs aren't legal and the mental health isnt available now so we have to attempt to stop prescription drug abuse somehow.
@_date: 2018-12-04 23:20:33
No worried guys, I leave my lights and tv on 24/7 but half of it comes from a local damn. Aren't I an environmentalist now? If you are burning Denmark's equivalent of electricity for effectively "nothing" (I know, gotta verify transactions somehow but come on) you can't call yourself an environmentalist. Plus there is no way this is true but that's besides the point.