@_author: gooie
@_date: 2014-07-27 15:22:49
1. Can you please elaborate how Greece, Italy and Spain did poorly due to the manipulation of the money supply? Isn't the fact that they were using the Euro mean that they cannot print wealth? 
2. Unless you consider countries like Zimbabwe, most governments do not print money to purchase things it cannot afford. If we are talking about QE in the US, it was done by buying bonds on the secondary market, thus lowering interest rates and freeing up cash for corporations and other investors to invest in somewhere else other than the government. In no way did it expand government spending. Besides, some of us tax payers are quite aware of the targeted inflation rate and actually prefer it to the deflationary tendencies of gold and bitcoin.
3. Fiat money hasn't lasted for more than 50 years but that is because it is a generally new phenomenon after the breakdown of the Bretton Woods system. I will propose to you that no digital currencies have lasted 50 years either.
4. From what I understand, your main opposition to the ability for central banks to control money supply is the inflation that comes with it. However, inflation in recent years have been a lot more stable than in the past. Please have a look at this [page]( sort the table by "Annual" and you will see that most of the historical highs  and lows happen while we were on the gold standard.
@_date: 2014-07-27 15:55:57
And how did the ECB managed their money supply badly? Is it not more accurate to say that they did not manage/ interfere with the money supply at all?
@_date: 2014-07-27 15:24:36
Would you care to elaborate on how Greece, Italy and Spain tried to manage the money supply?
@_date: 2014-07-27 13:22:49
I agree with you that the minting of gold and bitcoin is outside the direct influence of politics (i.e. we can't just decide to increase money supply of gold), but why is that necessarily a bad thing? Isn't it a good idea to have human beings in charge of the money supply? If you don't like how monetary policy is done, isn't it better to change who is running it rather than let it go completely natural like gold?
Don't we see how the ability to manipulate currency is a good thing as evidenced by how badly Greece, Italy and Spain did in the financial crisis?
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:35:18
The same is said about fiat by some bitcoin supporters. That fiat is intrinsically worthless.
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:05:59
But I don't see how the problems were caused by monetary policy at all. It would be far more accurate to say that they were unable to take corrective measures precisely because they joined the Euro and gave up their independent ability to manage the money supply.
Yes the ECB managed the money supply but what actions exactly would you hold responsible for this crisis? We might be having a misunderstanding here because in my earlier post, I used the word "manage" to mean "interfere/ control", while you seem to be using it to mean "responsible for".
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:16:03
Of course one BTC is always one BTC but bitcoin did lose its value. Just because there is always only 21M doesn't mean it will be valued the same.
Real value comes from real goods and services like bread. You would only be able to buy half the usual amount of bread after it happened.
When the GDP goes up, or when the stock market goes up, it isn't because someone contracted the money supply, it is because more goods and services are measured to have been produced.
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:48:57
While your concerns are valid, I don't think this bitcoin sub is representative of the people who are actually working in bitcoin. This sub is just full of speculators hoping that their bitcoin prices would rise.
A supporter of bitcoin becoming a legitimate currency would hope for a stable bitcoin price and that more people will be using it, instead of constantly hoping that it will rise like it is a stock. 
@_date: 2014-09-06 18:04:12
Bitcoin really shouldn't be a store of long-term value. Just like how any currency shouldn't be stored long term.
It should be invested in things like companies, machines, property that can actually produce something useful. Even leaving fiat in the bank would mean letting someone else use it.
Hoarding bitcoins, like hoarding cash under your mattress is leaving wealth to sit around being unproductive. 
@_date: 2014-09-07 03:24:22
You bring up a very good point that removing "tokens" out of the system makes the rest more valuable eventually.
However this doesn't happen instantaneously due to "sticky prices". The price levels of goods and services don't drop immediately as soon as you contract the money supply. And this is why monetary policy can have actual outcomes in the world.
@_date: 2014-01-27 03:20:32
One big difference is the stock market isn't a zero sum game. Everyone can win together in the stock market, unlike Forex or Bitcoin, which is why they aren't the main part of most investment portfolios.
@_date: 2014-07-09 01:40:55
They will still buy a computer, but they now are discouraged from buying it.
Then there is also the issue of people getting wealthier just by sitting on top of money. Today, if you are wealthy, you have to contribute to the economy by investing in companies, lending out your wealth, taking some risks if you want to stay wealthy.
When deflation happens, you get wealthier just by sitting on your ass. You don't even have to lend money to anyone. And that is terrible. Savings is only "good" for the individual. Investment is what makes the world go round.
Without loans, average people like you and me will have to wait until the end of our lifecycles before we can save up enough for a house, and that is stupid. Why not just target a low inflation and encourage people to give and take mortgages?
@_date: 2014-07-27 12:36:49
That is completely true of the dollar, but isn't the value of all currencies dependent on the wind of politics and social confidence? Including gold and bitcoin?
Did bitcoin not lose half its value when the Chinese central bank banned payment companies from using it? 
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:40:06
A deflationary currency favors the rich because they can just hold on to currency and get richer. People with student loans or housing loans should want an inflationary currency.
An inflationary currency does not prevent you from investing. It discourages holding on to the currency as a form of investment (which is good! because you should be letting your money work by investing in new companes etc, instead of just letting it sit in a pile).
@_date: 2019-05-19 10:00:47


The rich have a lot more money to sit on than us. This will worsen inequality.
The root problem is actually inequality, not inflation or deflation. Whether or not you're able to easily save money and retire depends on how much your investments outrun inflation. It is possible for people to struggle to retire despite a deflationary system:  [ In a deflationary environment, your investment returns would be much lower as there will be an incentive to just hoard the money as opposed to investing or lending it out for profitable uses. Keep in mind the people who need loans are the middle class, not the rich.
The anger you have towards 'let your money work' could be because of the low yields in US savings accounts? That is due to the slow economic growth (which will be worsened by inflation). In my country (Malaysia), letting your money work simply means keeping it in the bank, and the interest rate beats inflation.
Your anger seems to be directed at the rich. Again, that problem is inequality. The wealth tax can certainly help with that, but there is no reason to torpedo the economy with a deflationary currency.
@_date: 2019-05-19 11:41:23
I am genuinely trying to understand your views here. I do not understand the reason for your hostile tone. If you wish to continue, please explain further your problem with debt. 
To me debt just makes sense-&gt; so that you can start a business with a loan immediately as opposed to saving for decades first.
Everything I know about the gold standard tells me that it will benefit the rich. I tried to look up your view point but I got this instead (my search terms were fairly neutral, "inequality gold standard"):
 [
@_date: 2019-05-19 15:25:53


I think you got it the wrong way around. In an inflationary system the minimum monetary return is a negative value (because investing in anything is better than cash that loses value). In a deflationary system investors will only give you money if your company beats deflation (otherwise they just sit on their money and earn it risk free).
And I really don't think 2% a year inflation (assuming you're in the US) actually affects kids savings behavior.
@_date: 2019-05-19 09:02:33
US money supply grew by 3.8%, which is not too far off from 3.2% GDP growth. It is technically exponential but so is economic output.
Your point about creating businesses is interesting though. I have always thought that we should have policies that encourage economic growth through investments and new businesses. It looks like the fundamental difference here is that you actually want a currency that is bad for the economy, and revert to a more sustainable existence, which is a valid desire I think. But a better solution is to just have a well run economy but implement very strict carbon taxes.
Deflation will not necessarily help you retire early. Japan for example has people who cannot retire due to the low investment yields from a deflating economy.  [
The problem here is inequality. Prices are rising because some people can actually pay those prices, not because money supply is being increased irresponsibly. And deflation will actually cause more inequality because the rich no longer have to risk their wealth in new businesses and investments. This will make it harder for the middle class to get access to credit to build more businesses and jobs. The middle class who have little wealth but lots of debt like home loans, student loans, should prefer an inflationary system.
@_date: 2019-05-19 15:51:00
But you brought up the point that a minimum monetary return is a bad thing.
Now that I pointed out a deflationary system causes that, it is suddenly a good thing because it is better for the environment?
Do you actually believe in any of this or are you just trolling me?
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:35:34
You need to make the distinction between saving and hoarding. Investing your money is a form of good savings. Keeping it under your mattress is bad because you're letting the capital idle when it could have been put to good use.
Yes of course people are still going to spend, but the key point is that now hoarding becomes a valid savings strategy. New innovative companies are going to have a harder time raising funds when investors can just hold on to their money and get richer. 
Consumption behavior won't actually change much. You can still invest your money in an inflationary system and get future rewards, people still choose to overspend. The issue here is not spend vs invest, it is whether or not the currency encourages useful investment. In the current system, if you want to keep your wealth you better be investing in something worthwhile. Which is a great thing.
@_date: 2019-05-19 16:04:40
Ah my mistake. Sorry.
If your goal is to improve the environment, there are much better ways of doing it than by intentionally restricting investments.
I am all for tightening enforcement and making sure that companies pay for the harm they cause to the environment. Carbon taxes etc. But that is going to require some drastic behavioral shift because people will have to drastically change their diets etc.
I assure you the main cause of death for animals, particularly sealife, is because we hunt and eat them. Not because of plastic. Every fish you eat directly kills 1 or more fish (by catch), but most plastic you consume end up in a landfill. Only some of them end up in the ocean and only some of them get eaten and even then the plastic isn't going to kill them immediately (they can survive long enough to fill their bellies with more plastic).
Environmentalists are keen to point fingers at industries and businesses, but usually lack the courage to choose a salad over a steak.
@_date: 2013-04-17 17:01:03
I think it matters greatly. If they bought bitcoins with all their GBP a few days ago, they now can only afford less than half the fuel they need. 
@_date: 2013-04-17 01:39:36
How would this work considering the massive fluctuations in Bitcoin value?
The state of sealand could go broke in a few days.
@_date: 2013-11-24 12:29:42
Why can't Bitcoins make gold go away eventually? It seems it does everything gold does, plus more.
@_date: 2019-05-19 00:11:56
A fixed money supply causes deflation as the economy grows. This encourages currency hoarding, which is very bad, as the rich grow richer just by holding on to their money.
Inflation forces people to invest their funds and keep the economy growing if they want to keep their wealth. You want wealth to be kept in the form of other wealth creation methods, like a new R &amp; D facility or a factory, not in a pile of gold just sitting there. 
How do you address this? Large numbers of people HODLING currency (under their mattresses, not even giving it to banks to re-loan) is a very bad thing.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:00:04
Yes, but the fact remains bitcoin or not, house prices will still be high.
@_date: 2013-11-24 11:47:20
Saying there is a need for crypto currencies does not mean buying bitcoin is a good idea. He could be in the opinion that bitcoins are needed but are currently overpriced.
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:12:09
You'll only need FDIC when you start letitng banks hold your bitcoins for you. I think that is still some time away.
@_date: 2013-11-24 10:01:10
The way I see it, the prior generation has held roughly the same amount of land in the past as there is land/property now; despite the population increase, hence the much larger cost of houses.
Whether or not there will be 30 year mortgages will not determine how hard people will have to work now just to get a house. There is simply just more competition for the same thing. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:34:35
While I do agree that bitcoin is not an ideal national currency like the USD, I have one question. What stops the public from using bitcoin like USD? The fact that the economy will do worse does not incentivise an individual to store his wealth in bitcoins for a profit.
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:56:14
I'm not an expert either but what you are talking about is called fractional reserve banking, and you might want to read more about what bitcoin has to say about it here:
