@_author: gopher723
@_date: 2015-06-16 00:51:46
Edit this:


Also bitcoin and alt-coins are not tax free, and not fee free either.  Although you can send transactions without a fee sometimes, usually its recommended to put a small fee to make sure miners include your transaction in a block.
Bitcoins are good for protecting privacy many times because you don't need to give your name. But its also a double edged sword.  It can be tracked very easily as well, and the ledger is public for anyone to see.  The difference is on how you use it.
Also mining difficulty does not always increase over time, the difficulty can decrease and it adjusts depending on how many computers are mining on the network.  If computers are finding blocks too fast it will increase the difficulty until the blocks are found at 10 minute intervals on average instead.
Although there are security risks for credit cards online, security risks for bitcoin are there also. But methods like hardware wallets and multi-signature technology are helping people become more secure when using bitcoin.
One of the best things about bitcoin is that its permissionless.  So you can send it anywhere without permission.  This is more important than the privacy aspect.  Also it cannot be seized easily by police or the IRS who often seize property and money without granting someone their 6th amendment right to a jury trial.  So in this way Bitcoin helps give freedom and security back to the people when our system has become corrupted.  People like the 21 million cap because then the banks can't use the central bank to print trillions for them in a blank check, like in the banker bailout crisis in 2008.
 
The government and corrupt members of it ship in most of the drugs and profit off of them.  The troops [help grow]( and guard the poppy fields in Afghanistan resulting in $100 billion per year in heroin production.
While Silk Road actually reduced violence in the drug trade: 
Prohibition of drugs is unconstitutional.  Prohibition of alcohol required the 18th amendment which was later repealed.  But there has been no constitutional amendment for drugs, so the entire drug war is illegal and unconstitutional.