@_author: gordonslastgram
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:07:47
Exactly. Not claiming to be a genius. But im definitely more informed than a coal miner lol. The background information i know on how cells work is enough for me to know how difficult it is to keep something alive. Freezing something destroys it physically. It might not look like it but the insides are gone. Your soul is gone. 
I think mortality makes life better. Knowing one day you will die makes you appreciate being alive. Id rather not waste my hard earned money on a pipe dream. Id leave it for my legacy. 
Some people just play way too many videogames and watch too many scifi movies. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:55:24
Exactly my point, but one step ahead. Why would you freeze something if there is a possibility that the future technology doesnt need freezing in the first place? People are jumping the gun. You have to first develop the technology to revive THEN do the procedures to preserve bodies. What if freezing isnt part of the process? Then you just wasted money freezing bodies. In the case of this company, they didnt actually waste money, they scammed you out of yours
@_date: 2017-12-15 06:42:58
The guy with the millions of dollars hoping for this technology to work would be the one paying for the chimps to be frozen and tested on. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 05:11:38
You are damaging small biological machines called cells. Future scientists would have to find a way to reverse the damage. Also - test on other mammals first, not humans. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 00:26:47
Oh and idiot, thats not how science is performed. You do the entire experiment with an objective in mind (in this case, freezing and reviving...thats ONE objective). This company is doing half the research (which isnt even research, its a pipe dream planted by movies) and hoping other scientists do the other half of the research. All of this without any communication with the other half because they are literally from the future.
So do you understand what im saying now, idiot? Youre doing half the experiment and hoping someone else finishes it, assuming they know what your objective was. 
Youre giving your money for an outcome that isnt even possible yet. Its called being scammed. So who is the idiot now?
@_date: 2017-12-16 00:35:08
Good point. The more altruistic thing to do is to invest in the research so that people in the future might someday be able to preserve their consciousness along with their body. But inherently, this pipe dream is selfish and so are their last ditch efforts. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:23:45
The cell membrane is one part out of 100s of part in the cell. A cell is more complicated than just a membrane. Each part of the cell is a microorgan that has a specific job to do. Somehow these biological machines know how to do their jobs. How are nanomachines going to tell these microorgans how to do their original job? 
Recreating cells might be achieved but making them function like theyre supposed to is a completely different objective. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:22:44
Im not saying dont give it a shot. Im saying freezing isnt the way to go because youre destroying the body and the mind (which has your consciousness)
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:14:05
I mean theres formaldehyde but that destroys the body too. It looks preserved just like freezing a body does but its destroying it nonetheless. 
I get it tho, its a shot in the dark. But the chances of him being revived are at zero right now. All im saying is, maybe rich people should spend money on the research on part B (revival) of the experiment before doing part A (freezing) and hoping someone else figures out part b. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:42:18
Same here. But my focus in undergrad was cell biology. We looked into repairing skin and organs through bioprinting. The most difficult part (and still not developed) of the procedure is getting the cells to function like theyre supposed to. Even if they get to the point of reconstructing cells, will they even do what theyre supposed to do? The answer right now is NO.
This whole, freezing and hoping isnt the proper steps to research. This company is just stealing money from people
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:57:38
Do you understand how they get to the point where they discover a machine to do that? They do tests on subjects. Thats how science is done. You test and test and test until something works. You cant just do one prt of the procedure and hope future scientists continue your work when they have no clue what you were trying to achieve. My point is, what if its possible with a completely different procedure. Then you just froze a bunch of corpses for absolutely no reason. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:45:36
Lol if you asked a physician in the 1800s hed think that opening up a body wasnt impossible.
Im done arguing with dumb coal miners. 
But ill bite. Say you can somehow revive a body with working organs...you actually believe your consciousness comes back intact? You think your memories, attitudes, characteristics, mannerisms, and the other things that make you, you, will be back with the body you revived? 
@_date: 2017-12-16 04:55:14
Because you dont know the damage of freezing a living organism. Its just as good as burning it. Like OP said...you thaw and youre mush. When you are alive your body works like a machine controlled by a cpu. That cpu is your brain, theres a conscious being in that brain. It doesnt just go back to work and your consciousness isnt gonna be back, the brain will no longer tell the cells what to do. YOU ARE DEAD. Whatever is thinking in your brain is gone. Unless you think your consciousness, some ppl will call it a soul, whatever can come back...it doesnt just sit in nothingness waiting for its meat wagon to be revived.
I cant wrap around the idea because freezing is just as bad for your body as anything else. It doesnt preserve the way you think it does. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 04:58:27
And why the hell would you ask a dumbass coal miner that? How about you ask a physician? Doctors and medicine have been around longer than you think. The human body has been studied for a lot longer than the 1800s
@_date: 2017-12-16 07:28:14
Lol my response was right after you brought up coal miners...but ok, ill say it again then....”why the hell would you ask a coal miner? ” I guess you couldnt comprehend that as me saying, “dont ask a coal miner” and thats why i brought up the idea of asking a physician instead. i guess i should be more clear with your coal miner brain.
Lol. Ok i get it. I can play that game too. Its not entirely impossible that your memories can go away. Its not impossible that the “electrical impulses” cant be recreated so you lose all your memories and your consciousness once youre frozen. There, burden of proof no longer lies with me because im just saying its not impossible in front of my claims. All i have to say is, its not impossible and i never have to show logic behind my arguments. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:38:55
And i responded with, dont ask the dumbass coal miner. Ask a physician with prior knowledge on the subject. Maybe you should learn to read as well.
I find it funny that you think the brain is some sort of hard drive you can reboot. You talk about proof, yet you think memories can be saved through the freezing with no proof. Lmao so hypocritical. At least try to be consistent with your criticisms. 
You think rebuilding the brain back to its previous state PERFECTLY can bring back memories? Memories are just patterns of electrical impulses firing in your brain. Thats it. When the electrical signals stop firing, your memories are gone your brain is no longer working. How do you know that reconstructing the brain allows it to fire electrical impulses in the same exact pattern? 
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:55:00
LOL im the idiot? Im not the one waisting resources hoping for a miracle. (In case you didnt know what i meant by a resource, the human body is it). Youre shooting a shotgun in the air in hopes youll hit a bird. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 22:59:43
Sounds like a scam if you ask me. “Let me do part A and hopefully in the near future someone figures out part B”...otherwise tough shit we got your money. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 06:41:43
You dont wait 100 years to revive. You cryogenically freeze a chimp and see if you can bring it back in, oh idk 10 days. If your machine works, then use it on a human being. 
Freezing your body and hoping future scientists revive it is just silly. What if they find ways to suspend your consciousness within your body but freezing it isnt the correct method? What if you can be placed in a gel that keeps your tissues alive instead of freezing. Again, freezing causes irreversible damage. 