@_author: gorviligr
@_date: 2013-04-21 07:37:37
Thanks again for helping me see this from another point of view.  It is very cathartic for me.
The second paragraph 'too offensive to be shown' is actually quite polite.  I was told that publishing conjecture about international financial law was a bad idea (not that bad ideas slow me down much, as you can see).
I trust my bank not to steal my identity.  I do not have that same level of trust with an online entity at the onset of our first business deal.  And, to be fair, Dwolla is about twice as stringent as my bank was (2+2 vs. Driver's License) for the same level of service.
I will also freely admit to making a typo when i signed up.   What I don't understand is how that makes it okay for them to take money from my account after they said that they couldn't and I said that I didn't want them to?
@_date: 2013-04-21 06:40:49
thanks, it should be fixed now
@_date: 2013-04-21 07:00:08
Thanks for looking.  I will try to answer your questions in order.
I didn't have any angst about an ID check.  I think others may.  The image was perfectly legible.  Later in the exchange they admit that it was a typo.  I do not believe I 'berated' them for asking for ID.  By the time they asked for another ID submission, i had already moved on to other services and no longer wanted to use Dwolla.
I did go to my bank in order to ease future transactions.  The reason i chose Dwolla initially is that they promised faster service than my bank.
And yes, i was unpleasant about the removal of my money from my account and then being prevented access to it.  If you want to judge me, then that is up to you, and I don't blame you if you do.  My hope is that I can prevent someone else from falling into the same traps that I did.
@_date: 2013-04-21 07:10:28
Fair enough.  I'm just dirt poor and wish i had been able to show that by putting my (brother's) money where my mouth is.  I'll go back to being an economic vegetarian instead.
@_date: 2013-04-21 06:20:35
After advice from someone who is wiser than me in these matters, I have decided to redact my portion of the following exchange in order to remove certain terms which could be construed to be ‘accusative’ or ‘defamatory’.  To be clear, I was not polite at times during my exchange with Dwolla, and maybe the real lesson here is to be nicer to people in general.  I have thought about that a lot.  I am not trying to hide that, and if this is happening because I was impolite to them, so be it.  I would happily reveal the entire exchange if that were all that was at stake, but I have been advised that to do so would be unwise.  I have therefore redacted all non-pertinent info from my responses.
I opened an account with Dwolla on April 7, 2013.
The process consisted of an e-mail verification and agreement to their Terms of Service.  
I then linked my bank account to my Dwolla account.   That verification process took two business days, and consisted of two micro-transactions for verification.
As soon as I got my bank account verified, I initiated a transaction to move $1000 into my new Dwolla account.  In my online bank statement, I saw the $1000 debit to Dwolla listed as ‘pending’, and my available bank balance was deducted to reflect this.
That afternoon Dwolla sent me an e-mail saying I needed to log in and click on ‘Verify my Account’ to verify my account information.
When I clicked on the ‘Verify Account Information”  button, it had nothing to do with my account info.  They stated that they needed a photo ID to proceed at all.  I scanned my passport, as i have nothing to hide, and sent it to them.
The next day (April 10), the pending transaction to Dwolla was no longer on my bank statement, and my available balance listed the full amount.
Two days later, I got another e-mail from Dwolla.  The photo ID was not good enough for them.  It was probably a typo in my last name that I had noticed on further review, but at this point i didn’t care.  After a nearly a week of sub-par customer service and no results, I just wanted out.  I immediately responded with a request for them to close my account and terminate our relationship.
That afternoon I got a response from them acknowledging my e-mail.  Dwolla informed me that they are demanding passports from everyone in order to ‘protect their identities’ (yes, those were their actual words).
I immediately repeated my demand that they close my account,  and then double checked my bank balance. I then initiated a transaction for $500 through Bitinstant.
Everything was fine until I go to pay, when my debit card was declined at the register.
I immediately checked my bank balance, and wtf?  $1,000 deducted by Dwolla!
The e-mail I sent them at this point was less than polite.  I went to my bank to ensure that they could not access my account anymore, and to provide my bank with a recorded account of what had transpired with Dwolla.
Dwolla responded the next day with a truly baffling e-mail informing me why they were unable to verify my ID, and that they ‘went ahead’ and activated my account.  All I had to do was verify my identity, and they would proceed with the transaction, which should clear by Monday.  WTF????
My reply was even less polite than before.
The response did not come until Friday afternoon, and basically stated that nothing could be done until Monday.
On Monday they stated that it would take two business days to return my money.
tl;dr  Dwolla requires a week to tell you they won't let you use their service, and another week to tell you that your request was binding.
*cut and paste fail
