@_author: goswser
@_date: 2017-12-10 04:04:56
If you are pretty sure BTC is going to crash the correct play is sell it and short it, not hold it like a retard and watch it plummet thousands of dollars while patting yourself on the back for not selling.  There is zero transaction fees buying and selling, I sold all my BTC and will buy back in once it's started moving up again instead of down, and have more BTC than I do now.
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:39:56
Except you need fiat to pay for stuff in life, like ya know, food, rent, car/home payments, insurance, etc.  This will make paying their taxes far more complicated than it was before, especially if they have to cash out portions of their bitcoin at various times.  There is so much stupid about this I don't even know what to say.
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:47:29
How much bitcoin does he have?  I'm curious, what is the biggest estimate on the value bitcoin will hit by someone without a stake in bitcoin?  
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:36:54
I think that bitcoin is a good investment, albeit one with more risk and unknowns than many investments.  However, to play devil's advocate....
1.  Current exchanges are susceptible to hacking, if a Mt. Gox event occurs, for example if Coinbase were to be hacked, it is likely Bitcoin's value would tank and people invested in it would lose a lot of money, at least in the short term.
2.  Governments could ban bitcoin if they feel it threatens the current economic system or their ability to control and monitor this.  Yes, it isn't easy to do, so it's debatable to the extent that this would work, but if the United States or a large nation were to make a real effort to crush  bitcoin, the value of bitcoin would almost certainly go down.
3.  I think we're unaware as to what extent the exchanges can and are being manipulated.  A lot of the bitcoin is in the hands of a very small number of people, and when bitcoin is king then the people with the bitcoin are king.  Bitcoin is much harder to manipulate than other cryptocurrencies, but it can still probably be done to some extent.  
4.  Long term viability.  Quantum computing, the fact that it is deflationary and over time coin will be lost, and other issues that you can google could raise questions about the future prospects of bitcoin.
There are more, but these are a few reasons that come to mind.
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:41:26
Or, he could sell it for cash and then buy bitcoin with the cash?
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:37:51
Before you panic sell, you should ask yourself, is there a reason for it to be dropping a lot right now?  If there hasn't been an exchange hacked or any other major catalyst, it isn't going to crash that far without bouncing back, so you should just hold it and stop staring at tbe price every 10 seconds.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:49:27
I'm actually a bit worried, so maybe you guys can correct me on where I'm wrong or reassure me.  From my point of view it looks like it's on the verge of a large crash as soon as futures hits.
First, I'm afraid that bitcoin hasn't exploded nearly as much as people say it has.  In terms of popular mentions on the news, twitter, etc, it has, but in terms of new users investing I think the impact has been much smaller.  Consensus is that most new users go to coinbase, but coinbase trading volume doesn't seem to indicate the massive influx that people talk about entering bitcoin : [trading volume](
Additionally, the price is driven by buying and selling activity, which means it can be manipulated by people with the most bitcoin.  Over 1000 addresses have more than $20 million USD in bitcoin, and 161 addresses have more than $100 million USD in bitcoin : [richest addresses](  If some of these people band together they can drive the price up or down substantially, but with the futures market as a new trading device, driving it down is much more beneficial for them, because:
A.  They make money from selling their bitcoin by driving it downwards (and no matter how much people believe in bitcoin, everyone would rather be rich in fiat right now).
B.  They double their money by shorting it on the futures market, while driving the price down by selling hundreds of millions of dollars of bitcoin.
C.  Manipulating a long position could be done, but would require them to buy large amounts of bitcoin (taking fiat from them) and gaining them zero real wealth (until bitcoin is accepted as currency it isn't wealth, the fiat you can get with it is).
And lastly, people talk about institutional investors about to be able to 'get in' on bitcoin with the futures market.  I think that this may be false.  First, to manipulate the market and make guaranteed money in the way that whales in bitcoin can they would need to buy an astronomical amount of bitcoin (hundreds of millions of dollars), doing so would drive the price up a lot.  And second, buying futures in of itself does not increase the value of bitcoin, because buying a future doesn't entail buying any bitcoin whatsoever.
Because of this I think the major players in futures and bitcoin are extremely unlikely to be new institutional investors, and more likely to be whales with enormous amounts of bitcoin right now, because they are the ones with the most to gain and are in the position to do so.
