@_author: gotobekidding
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:21:40
AML - anti money laundering regulations. basically you can't exchange more than a couple hundred dollars per day with someone without getting slammed with MSB - money service business regulations.
@_date: 2013-05-09 02:15:19
OP is right. .. ==&gt;&gt; If Bitcoin is hoarded...the value of Bitcoin goes up for EVERYBODY... even the poor...all that will happen is prices of goods and services valued in BTC will come down (which has already happened). It encourages saving and thrift, rather than debt and frivolous spending/behavior. 
Nobody gets hurt...but it especially helps the poor.
For example:
Lets say you want to buy an apple. Let's say the current price the apple is worth .0001 BTC. As people hoard Bitcoins, supply and demand will find equilibrium, and eventually you will find that the farmer will be selling his apple to you for .00001 BTC.
In other words...it frees people from slavery...The work you do now and the BTC you hold... will maintain its value and increase overtime...this is the best thing for everyone.
It is actually GOOD for the economy, and will EXPLODE GROWTH because people will RUSH to work hard and be profitable because they will realize that the work they do today will be worth more if they do it today, than if they wait to do the same work tomorrow, and get paid less. 
Let's say hoarders "dump" their BTC, then those will go into the hands of others... and then he will not be able to get them back at the same price, so the incentive is NOT to dump them...it would be stupid to do so.
Hoarding will not disrupt the utility of the currency, it will actually make it stronger. The only reason BTC is and will be volatile for a while is that it has not found equilibrium yet. It is very new. Hoarders will cash out eventually, when it is worth it for them to do so...The hoarded amount will be spread out through the exchange to the highest bidders, and over time equilibrium will be found and things will be EXTREMELY STABLE. The problem at the moment is that the market cap is still relatively small compared to market cap of the world. It is at about a $1 billion market cap now...but has potential of $20 trillion market cap....==&gt;&gt;Once it reaches this level, it will be a very stable currency.
