@_author: gotuckyourbelt
@_date: 2016-05-04 15:19:39
I liken this claim to the people who say they can tell without a doubt from Gavin's body language that he clearly was being coerced into supporting Craig [in this video](
@_date: 2016-05-04 11:55:07
Except he wouldn't have "stolen" 54 million, he would be claiming them as tax breaks, as in not paying tax for a quantity he would have already payed someone else, as in having had to spend the quantity of money or bitcoins that would have generated a 54 million as *taxes*, as in following in line with other conversations he's had that he's concerned about how the Australian government is now considering to tax bitcoins. Which is something that has been making the rounds around the press and now every Australian bitcoiner has to think about, which is something that bitcoin obfuscates as the ATO has no clear awareness of who or what owns or mined which bitcoins except what's publicly visible, which he may have attempted to preempt by claiming it as an R&amp;D investment.
In other words, he wouldn't have 54 million to bribe people with, he would have a potential 54 million debt he wrote off that would have the ATO investigating tax evasion to determine where the wealth to create such a deductible for tax debt would have come from in the first place. It makes no sense to claim he's doing this for a 54 million tax *break* when he would have had to have considerably more in bitcoins to be able to apply for such a tax break in the first place. Correct me if I'm wrong.
That would only be useful if he was laundering money. Does this guy fit the profile of a money launderer? Who knows, maybe if you trace his blocks, they'll eventually point to a whole host of criminal connections he's been laundering. But from the devil's advocate, people acknowledge at the very least that he's likely had a close relation with the closest founders of bitcoins, and the way he's acted fits with the human profile of someone who would honor old acquaintances whilst maintaining anonymity so he could enjoy the oversight of the wealth his revolution was supposed to give him, only to be discouraged from continuing to do so and trying to legitimize his wealth to his government for perhaps more practical reasons later on.
@_date: 2016-05-06 11:57:37
I don't think so, being a victim just gives the victim more rights in court. Want to know what the farce is? Look at the Panama Papers. Why was it such an issue? Because an association was made between the shell companies and the people for whom they were hiding money. Satoshi Nakamoto is a pseudonym in a pseudonymous currency. The moment an account such as Satoshi's gets linked to people, it's the Panama Papers all over again.
So you have Craig Wright, who has winked winked nudged nudged his supposed Satoshi status to further his own business, who's getting investigated by the ATO on how he could have accumulated enough wealth to produce a several million tax write-off in the first place, who is now performing raids on his property to discard options, and well, he needs a way out. He needs a way out that, preferably, allows him to maintain his credibility to his associates who know enough in detail about the technology, the business, and the person to trust him, but that gets the Australian government off of his trail and if anything is endangered, it's only his potential R&amp;D tax offset. He can't very well argue his way out of the ATO's backroom suspicions, but what he can do is make himself look like such a suspicious con that the ATO won't look beyond the trustee and his investors, because whoever was doing the investigating would have to explain to his boss why he thinks Craig Wright might be Satoshi Nakamoto when the public and btc community consensus is so overwhelmingly in disagreement.
@_date: 2016-05-04 16:32:49
But that's sort of tangent to my point. He would have had that money to begin with, what would be disputed is how much of a tax debt he has, not money given to him like this post suggests he now has to bribe people with.
@_date: 2016-05-06 12:26:44
In the fiat world, those $450M would be subject to tax.
@_date: 2016-05-03 16:46:11
Even if he proves himself, people would still continue to believe he isn't and that he somehow got hold of Satoshi's private key because he's average when compared to the exceptional, god-like Satoshi. Before, people were pointing out why he didn't do something like this, and now that he's doing it, people will only continue to demand more until there is no more proof he can provide. Maybe they are right, but he won't be able to go any further than encrypt a message using Satoshi's private key if he is Satoshi, and I have already seen people in this community prepping that last ditch argument that he obtained Satoshi's key illicitly. People have pointed out that he's an elaborate con-man, but following those leads only results in speculation transposed as fact.
Had he provided the evidence all at once, he would not be putting people in the position of constantly having to go back and raising their demands, but rather, he could have been immediately dismissed without revealing the slippery nature of the disbelievers, and perhaps, that's his intent. Or perhaps he's just a con-man, though the arguments behind that rationale are speculative and tailored to fit the gap, working with even more unknowns, such as his relation with Australia's Taxation Office. Either way, he has encouraged you guys to disprove him, so do your best, but try to do it with fact so those of us eating the popcorn have more of a chuckle.
@_date: 2016-05-02 13:36:50
You seem to have happened upon the dreaded Reddit hipster.
@_date: 2016-05-04 19:20:02
*munches popcorn intently*
@_date: 2016-05-04 12:36:10
[Not if it's this program.]( It's a tax offset from calculated tax.
@_date: 2016-05-04 17:08:27
DeMorgan Ltd is a cryptocurrency company, unlike most companies, and it's behavior has still been criticized by other articles you've cited because of it. I'm not going to begin arguing "typicallies" because it's still irrelevant, and more indicative of a search for another possible attack vector on the persona than as relevant to the argument. [Here's another article that discusses his company in entrepreneurial journalism](
@_date: 2016-05-04 13:23:08
The figure closest to the 5 million you mention is the disputed GST , General Sales Tax, "free" figure, in which case, case in point. Is this what you meant? What he actually states in said transcript is the following:


is, we want it released immediately. We have spent a lot of money during this process and we need the funds to ease our cash flow. The Bitcoin industry is very volatile and there is no clear
picture as to the future.
There's taxes payed in any number of transactions a business makes, some potential sources listed in the transcript itself. Those later have to be reclaimed.
@_date: 2016-05-02 13:56:42
You should probably have your mom send it, given your reading comprehension skills.
@_date: 2016-05-06 12:33:13
On that, we can agree, though I disagree on the scale of the con with btc advocates.
@_date: 2016-05-04 17:25:34
Why not? See replies.
@_date: 2016-05-04 16:23:08
[Here's the relevant press release.](




No, they didn't need to have 100 millions or billions in revenue. They would just have needed to show R&amp;D *expenditures*, that is, taxable expenses, of $54,000,000 / 45% = $120,000,000. Of course, from my understanding, this would still be a taxable offset / rebate (refunded from what would actually be taxed). [Here's another link on the R&amp;D program that corroborates this](
@_date: 2016-05-04 12:58:37
I try to stick to official sources, but what I've glossed from the transcript, it acknowledges he has at some notable wealth of bitcoins, that he's had to revise the taxable income, and that some clarification of the tax payments have had to be made. Is there some particular portion of the transcript that states he received money or rebates from a source other than the taxes he payed, and if so, can you point it out?
@_date: 2016-05-04 16:54:38


Then you don't understand what the AusIndustry’s R&amp;D Tax Incentive Scheme is. I think the problem that you are having is that you are basing your facts on the speculation running rampant around this subreddit, which would lead people to believe that this wouldn't be a tax offset issue, rather than the ATO and DeMorgan Ltd facts you can check for yourself (or have others do for you).