@_author: goyishcharm
@_date: 2018-01-04 23:33:13
I know you're poo-pooing the lightning network, but I'd posit that you wait for it to be unveiled, and see how the market reacts. It will only serve as a bullish event. Then you can send me a few satoshis as a thank you ;) Many of the "bitcoin killers" out there will become completely obsolete once fees drop to negligible levels and transaction time does the same. 
@_date: 2018-03-13 14:06:04
1) Explain to his parents that BTC's value is a derivative of the mining costs (which is a derivative of the cost of energy) AND demand. This should help mitigate their skepticism that BTC has no inherent value.
2) Highlight the broad-based and well documented manipulation of fiat currencies by self-interested governments and central banks. (Take time to poke fun at them here for blindly believing in a currency's value because governments bully their populations to do so). You could also highlight the outrageous costs of cross-border payments. 
3) Use point 2 as a segue to highlighting gold as a hedge against fiat inflation and manipulation
4) Now tell them that when governments come for citizens' bank accounts, people aren't going to haul around hundreds of pounds of gold on their person. Instead, with BTC they'll be able to go wherever they so please with a flashdrive containing their net worth, which nobody else can access unless they have the private key.
5) If they make the "BTC isn't tangible argument", ask them why they use credit cards. Global banks already use intangible money.
6) Tell your friend's bro to immediately deposit to a hardware wallet after purchasing BTC online. The exchange will mark the withdrawal as a sale, and so if, G-d forbid, the government comes for BTC holders, they have no tangible proof that he is an owner. Monero is also a BTC alternative with greater privacy (not trying to shill, I'm still a huge believer in BTC).
7) Remind the parents that mainstream news has NEVER accurately predicted the outcomes of financial markets nor have they accurately predicted a bubble bursting. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 20:28:58
A futures contract purchases you the claim to a Bitcoin at a set price at a negotiated date in the future. But in order for you to deposit the coin into a wallet (i.e. have true possession), you need the data from a mined block. If the block hasn't been mined, there's no data. No data means no coin. 