@_author: gpedro34
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:17:30
Do you have any proof that hdd production carbon footprint is higher than a graphics card footprint? I looked around and didn't found any...  
  
I think a graphics card is much more silicon based than a HDD and for that reason has a higher carbon footprint... Also a SSD has a carbon footprint even lower than HDDs, so one can assume that the carbon footprint of HDDs and SSDs is supposed to decrease over time...  
  
HDDs also have much more stable prices and some years ago when a big demand peak happened, the prices of hdds became even lower instead of increasing like graphic card companys do...  
  
Theorically PoC is a much more distributed consensus algorithm than PoW... In pratice it is not because is not so experimented as Bitcoin is today... If BURST were to have the same users that Bitcoin has and the same amount of people developping, it would be much more scalable than bitcoin is today and a lot less attack vectors would be present...  
Regarding PoS don't even make me begin, regarding centralization...
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:41:45
What benefits does your country gives you for going to a vote?  
Running a node is basically used as backbone for the nodes to communicate between each other and the service those nodes provide is just agregate the votes of each node... It has absolutelly no reward except giving you the ability to vote for BIPs...   Masternodes usually centralize the networks, BURST has masternodes that anyone willing to be a BURST supporter can launch to help support and secure the network with any hassle or money barrier...  
  
The pools non supporting dymaxion are mostly pools from BurstNation, wich are trying to prevent the exploits to be fixed but also don't offer any plan B, the miners in those pools or are their supporters or are people that are not aware that they should be mining in a supported node or they will have downtime when the fork happens.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:43:48
2 years ago there was no burst nation pool xD  
Well your wallet will only be able to communicate through the burst network and will not be visible through HTTP or https...
Regarding the pools I have to refer you to  
I have been on a private pool for some months now and I am not sure what would be the best suit for you but I heard BTFG pool has a way of setting up your own threshold or else they pay you weekly with no maximum deadline it is provably the best pool for you
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:30:20
Well it is securing at the moment 6091.200016 BTC worth of value... I don't find your carbon footprint argument valid either, unless until you prove to me that the carbon footprint of a HDD is higher than a graphics card carbon footprint...  
  
  
Price at time of writing (on Bittrex): 0.00000320 BTC
