@_author: gpuk2
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:28:19
Add Mastercard/Amex/whatever plus all the additional transfers ubiquitous and cheap transmission would allow and suddenly you're closer to 750mb+ blocks. And that's if global transaction levels stay as they are.
Why would anyone want to adopt such a simplistic and wasteful approach to scaling? SegWit + Lightning will allow virtually unbounded transaction levels with nothing like the resource overhead of BCH. Plus, thanks to SegWit, ASICBoost is rendered useless thus bringing back a slightly more level playing field for miners.
How in any rational world is BCH's approach to scaling sensible, durable and better than this? Answer: it isn't. The world can suffer another 6 months of elevated transaction fees while full SegWit adoption occurs and the beginnings of lightning emerge. After that, it's plain sailing with fast, low t/x fees pretty much forever.


Satoshi wanted the users to have control (hence UASF). If you read the whitepaper, you'll notice that nodes were intended to be run by both users and miners (which is why BCH is a hard fork: the majority of BTC nodes rejected their invalid blocks).
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:51:58
The idea for BCH is that miners will control it rather than users. Technology will not scale quickly enough to make 8GB blocks remotely feasible for anything other than professionally run mining nodes.
It's a horrendously blunt band-aid to the scaling problem that was hashed together quickly with the hope it would "appear" to fix the current scaling issues just long enough so that the market would move to BCH and gift Roger Ver and his miner friends control.
Fortunately, Satoshi and his army of followers aren't as stupid as Roger (and associates) hoped them to be.
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:31:23


Bandwidth and disk space wasted transmitting 1GB+ blocks across the whole network.


You said earlier "Satoshi envisioned nodes being miners, the whitepaper is pretty clear about this." If you're going to FUD and troll, at least do it consistently :D