@_author: gpum1ner
@_date: 2017-04-16 01:30:16
Cheapair works
@_date: 2017-04-26 06:17:27
Isn't this on Amazon's side? 
"Be careful when using purse, only use items shipped by amazon!"
I'm guessing the seller on Amazon screwed him over.
@_date: 2017-05-11 17:32:29
Bad experiences happen all the time with all services everywhere. Doesn't mean that it happened to you that it is the end of the world lol not everything revolves around you. 
I could say the opposite that Poloniex has been very smooth and withdrawal confirmation times have actually gotten faster for me as time has been going on.
@_date: 2017-05-11 20:01:49
Like I said, not everyone is having those issues that you stated in your OP. Saying that Poloniex is "imploding" is an overstatement and actually a defamation of the Poloniex name based on your experience plus your wonderful source, Twitter.
You said Poloniex was "imploding" and then backed it up by all YOUR experience(s) and thats all. Newcomers to the subreddit will see your post and think automatically that Poloniex is a bad place by your single experience. 
I just think that your approach could have been a lot better without the clickbait-esque title and by naming it without the "Is Poloniex imploding?" part.
Also, in another comment below, you said "Their arbitrary, self-imposed limits are unnecessary.". There are KYC/AML laws that dictate how to handle money at exchanges.
My iPhone screen stopped working a while back right out of warranty. Should I start gathering Twitter posts and start saying how Apple is a scam because they have a clock to break your phone so you have to buy a new one when your warranty ends?
I just think that you haven't had anywhere near the responsibility of running a business and catering to thousands of people to understand that problems happen. I'm not saying it is acceptable, but just don't use ridiculous titles like the one that you used.
If Poloniex is that bad, just close your account and go to a more reputable one like Coinbase or Gemini. The problem with the crypto space is that everyone is so greedy that they hang around the shadiest spots to gamble with the exploding altcoins to make a quick buck. Since everyone goes to the shady exchanges, they get burned and whine about it. You should do your research and know what you are getting yourself into when you hang around the more anonymous exchanges that have all the altcoin pumps.
@_date: 2017-07-18 04:19:27
Anyone trying to start an ICO? /s