@_author: gr8tfullawyer
@_date: 2014-02-09 18:32:07
Thanks Coinsearcher.  If I had a substantial amount of coin or fiat at MTGOX, i'd have done the same thing.  I'm new to BTC and was trying to understand why there was such a spread between the exchanges, so I purchased a BTC and at Coinbase and sent it to MTGOX to trade.  They quickly received it at MTGOX and I traded in and out and increased it by 25%.  
*When I opened the account the 1st part of December last year, it still said in areas on the account that you could withdraw BTC without being verified and only had to wait about 10 days to get verified.  However, when I tried to withdraw BTC a message appeared that I must be verified.
*After a month or so I contacted support and they basically said because they were so successful (busy) that it was taking longer to verify.  (now their site was saying it took 20 days to verify instead of 10)  Kinda figured i was screwed at this point.
*Then I wrote support and told them I needed to get verified before I sent another 200 BTC over there to trade.  Miraculously, I was verified a few days after that.  (Thursday  Feb. 6)  I immediately (within an hour) of receiving the verified status attempted to withdraw my BTC.  
*I received the 1st hash, but after an hour of waiting, it did not show up in my wallet.  I went to bed only to learn the next day Friday Feb. 7th that they had halted and reversed all BTC withdrawals.  
*  As a newby trying to learn about BTC, I dont think the media has done a very good job of reporting how risky it was to send anything to MTGOX.  While I've now found all these blogs to learn more, most mainstream media still refer to MTGOX as the oldest most reliable exchange, blah blah blah, which gave me some confidence they knew what they were doing.  
*  I'm a US attorney with a nerd streak (Comp Science undergrad degree).  We are looking at the possibility of legal actions to help recover assets from MTGOX.  
* I have some hope that MTGOX will pull through and investors assets will not evaporate based on the following:
1.)  Mark Karpeles is still showing up at the office.
2.)  They are still accepting deposits and trading.
3.)  He actually had a somewhat substantive conversation with you.
4.)  Other posts mentioning that they dont have test servers for maintenance, so stopping the withdrawals could be legitimate.  
*  On the other hand, the following make it look like a liquidity problem:
(Some of this is fact, but mostly my opinion based on some of the facts I've read.)  
1.)  They've been very slow at fiat withdrawals in all currency.
2.)  The slow withdrawal of fiat caused a mass exodus via BTC.
3.)  They were forced to stop BTC withdrawals because they dont have them since they'd been selling BTC routinely deposited to cover fiat withdrawals.
4.)  Their price well above other exchanges was artificial just to draw in  new money to cover old debts.  
* Thanks again for posting the details of your trip and your interview of Karpeles &amp; Gonzague.
@_date: 2014-02-09 20:41:57
HOTEL CALIFORNIA---"check out any time you like but you can never leave"  :-)
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:51:05
We are working on a class action against mtgox.  I'm a computer science guy with 25 years litigation experience.  please email me if you are interested in particpating in a claim along with a short description of your problem.  I'm mtyner .  I too have BTC stolen by MTGOX.  They finally verified me last night and within 45 minutes I had withdrawn my BTC, but it never went through, only to learn today that they actually reversed my withdrawal and kept my BTC.  I understand your RAGE!!!
