@_author: graciousgroob
@_date: 2015-05-12 18:25:35
So is the wallet downloading the entire history of bitcoin transactions to keep as a reference to check whether new transactions are valid or not? If so, that does seem like a huge amount of history to save on each machine. Or did I get something grossly wrong, I am just guessing here.
@_date: 2015-05-13 03:41:45
This is a really excellent description, thanks. Did BTC become a favorite on deep web markets when it began the policy of changing addresses with each transaction? That would seem to make sense, since as you said this process makes it difficult to see who payed for what. (Maybe that's what you were saying, more discretely.)
EDIT: Overall, what an interesting and clever system
@_date: 2015-05-12 18:32:59
Starting to get the picture here. From doing a bit of reading, it sounds like there is no centralized database that stores the history of bitcoin. So where exactly does my wallet get the current state of bitcoin accounts/addresses from? (Also, is an "address" in any way like an account in a bank? It sounds like it from your description.) 
@_date: 2015-05-12 18:36:02
It makes sense that each block can act as a checkpoint where all the wallets agree on the current state of the bitcoin market. How about the current block?? Isn't it all fuzzy? By that I mean, wouldn't wallets constantly have to be updating to know who has how many bitcoins? Is the updating process somehow centralized?
EDIT: What really has me confused is, what makes everyone else's wallet agree that I received a bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-12 00:16:34
This is literally what an upvote means...
Bad post. (Yes, I downvoted you, also ;p.)
@_date: 2017-11-16 00:56:48
Oh shit ya. Been too long
@_date: 2017-11-15 21:35:59
This *sounds* like it should make sense, but does the analogy really hold in any meaningful way?
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:12:04
Who's holding a gun to neo's head in morpheus' right lens? I don't remember that part.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:04:38
The value of bitcoin driven by speculation does not make it "not a scam" regardless of how high it gets, what makes it not a scam is only how fully it becomes integrated as an actual currency that people use to exchange goods and services (other than national fiat currencies)...
EDIT: To those saying a 'bubble' and a 'scam' are different, you are of course right. In some ways the distinction is important: a scam is driven by the deliberate actions of an individual; a bubble is theoretically just an emergent property of a free market . However a bubble can in practice be ridden like a wave by those clued into what the bubble is sensitive to. Since most people buying into bitcoin can't read the minds of bankers and high government officials with regulatory power, we are basically gambling, whereas some players are *playing* actively and strategically. So far, bitcoin has been a good long-term investment, but almost certainly this will cease to be the case, eventually. I'm not saying that has happened yet, just that it will and some people are closer to knowing when than others... Unless of course, bitcoin does eventually become a dominant crypto-currency that replaces fiat in meaningful transactions. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 18:53:54
Sure, and millions-of-dollars is the scale that the kinds of multinational retailers whose participation in a bitcoin economy would be needed for bitcoin to truly supplant fiat currencies exist on. The government wouldn't get involved in small person to person transactions, but they would definitely go out of their way to audit the books of large companies, just like they do now.
@_date: 2017-09-13 18:22:47
Ok, yeah that kind of makes sense. However, just like CEO's and directors of organizations regularly get caught transferring money between private accounts and those that belong to their organization (and sometimes, prosecuted), governments could prosecute corporations for using addresses not registered under their corporation for transactions.
Just thinking out loud now:
As soon as bitcoin becomes viable enough to support a real exchange of legal goods and services, there will be regulations, and bitcoin-address-accountants etc. Like, what is stopping it from just becoming a better version of cash? (And maybe that's what it is, which is cool! But it means its mainly then a global cash with lots of built in upsides that is good for speculation, but not necessarily threatening to government regulations or taxation.)
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:36:02
Exactly which multi-trillion dollar industries and national currencies will Bitcoin threaten?
@_date: 2017-09-20 03:05:29
That was the idea, but I just can't see anything stopping exchanges from becoming the new middleman for cryptos on the way to cryptos becoming a dominant system of paying for goods and services. Since mining is basically centralized (I don't know anyone who mines bitcoin, do you?), most of us have to pay for cryptos with fiat and pay fees on each purchase.
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:01:21
Good question. Since bitcoin is (afaik) the closest crypto to reaching "maturity" in terms of how close it is to having its particular algorithm fully mined, I'm not sure anyone knows exactly what the implications of an end point in the market are. Maybe we could learn from the value history of other commodities like oil which have a natural "peak". Bitcoin seems somewhat analogous. Curious to hear your thoughts though. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 17:51:51
Aah gotcha. What I meant was that a transaction couldn't be stopped if both parties agree to it.
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:07:24
I am using bubble to mean a self-sustaining confluence of speculative wealth that is growing more rapidly than the foundation upon which it is supposedly based. The "bubble" being the shiny veneer of the bitcoin-to-$ rate, and the gaping empty air underneath that veneer being what should be a whole marketplace of goods and services using the bitcoin infrastructure. (Admittedly, for a while, bitcoin was being used as a real black-market currency, but I think it has since been dethroned by Monero as the preferred crypto for anonymity.)
Ponzi, for instance had discovered a real way of generating wealth by basically gaming the currency exchange system. However his "scheme" was that he convinced people that he was able to generate *vastly* more wealth with this method than was actually possible. Some people probably realized that he was paying off early investors with the investment of later investors, but thought they were early enough in the game to be one of the few lucky winners.
 The foundation of bitcoin's value is that it is in many ways like cash, but better because it is digital. Until it starts being used for this though, exchanging bitcoin and dollars back and forth hoping for a profit is a game that only a few can win, and most will lose. Whether it is too late to join the table is a perpetually open question.. which is kind of what makes it fun.
@_date: 2017-09-13 18:35:39
We are thinking about this on two different levels.. while you can encrypt a harddrive, law enforcement can also obtain warrants for the keys. This is the kind of thing I am talking about.
@_date: 2017-09-13 17:55:02
Sure but a government could write a script that automatically transfers a certain percentage of each transaction to one wallet to a central government controlled wallet. Then they just write a law saying that every corporation that is approved to receive bitcoin in exchange for goods and services needs to have that script running. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 18:00:47
The issue of anonymity is important. For a while, I was under the impression that addresses are anonymous. Or at least, with the proper precautions, can be kept anonymous. However recently it seems like people don't tout the anonymity of bitcoin anymore, did something change, in terms of our ability to trace addresses back to individuals?
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:31:21
Agreed. For a while I bought into bitcoin because it was primarily used as a black-market currency, which I saw as it's primary intrinsic value (after all, crime taken as an industry is [*huge*]( However law enforcement agencies have pretty much de-anonymized bitcoin transactions. There are other crypto-currencies more devoted to anonymity (Monero, is one I know of) that I see wrestling with bitcoin for the job of primary-black-market-mediator.
I'm glad this is buried in the comment thread, but the non-anonymity of bitcoin I think *does* seriously jeapordize its chances of becoming *the* dominant crypto of the future. Of course, as long as exchanges that allow the purchase of Monero with bitcoin exist, their fates are somewhat intertwined.
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:58:39
Yes. Just want to hear your thoughts. I've heard lots of different ideas about how the struggle between the current powers that be and burgeoning cryptos will pan out. I want to know where you see it going in the next half decade or so.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:41:25
Let me distinguish between bitcoin
 A) as a shared software tool (the technology itself) and 
B) as a word for the value of a single bitcoin as an exchange rate between a 1 on the ledger, and the world's fiat currencies. 
Bitcoin, the technology, is of course not a scam. It is good for sending bitcoin here and there, quickly, immutably etc. But the idea that Bitcoin will be the single crypto-currency to replace cash worldwide, I think is unlikely. The price of bitcoin currently, is not *primarily* driven by the fact that actual vendors of goods and services are adopting bitcoin - if they were, that would be great, because then bitcoin would provide a way for me to send my Aunt in Germany bitcoin which she could use to buy furniture without either of us losing anything to bank fees, exchange rates etc. However the price of bitcoin is being driven by speculators, speculating on themselves being smarter than other speculators, which *is* a bubble. (Scam implies intent of some individual or group, whereas bubble is more just a collective scam that everyone understands to be a scam, but each believes themself to be just enough ahead of which to personally profit.)
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:06:34
You are right. My response was based on the idea that to 99% of people involved, a bubble 'feels' like a scam, a small minority end up profiting wildly, and the rest sink. Since bubbles can be shaken and moved by big players in whatever industry they exist in, and are subject to tweets and rumors about the future actions of those big players, in many ways those big players do get an upper hand in what is *theoretically* a less centralized process of upward wealth-redistribution.
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:34:23
Well, in some ways the entire modern economy is a "scam" based on what was initially peoples trust of a gold-backed currency. We only see the effects of this every couple decades or so though, when the market collapses. Scam really just means there are winners and losers, and you are probably going to be a loser unless you are working very deliberately to be a winner. (No offense ;) Its just more likely you are a player, than the casino.)
@_date: 2017-09-13 18:58:33
Good point, I just brought it up because it seems to be the type of visionary language that gets tossed around this sub that I was referring to in the post.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:22:03


God I hope not..