@_author: gradywilson
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:54:50
Miners will always be able to price transactions to make a profit. If for example on chain transactions drop from say 1000 @ $1 each to 100, they just charge $10 per transaction. I the majority of transactions settled on-chain become transactions for $10,000+, then a $10 fee is reasonable, even a bargain. Let a LN channel collect 10,000 $1 transactions, then settle that channel on-chain for $10, or $20 or whatever makes economic sense for miners and users. One way or another it'll balance out. Miners aren't going to lose incentive.
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:54:00
Assuming I bought $200 worth of BTC and immediately exchanged it for ETH. This is not a taxable event since the value of the BTC did not change between the time I purchased it and when I sold (traded) it. No loss. No gain. No tax, right?
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:53:04
2) USD money is virtual but controlled by proxy. Your bank takes responsibility for it on your behalf. BTC is virtual but controlled only by the key holder.
3) The only way BTC can be taken away is if you are careless with it's safe keeping, or through threat of violence. USD in a bank account can be taken away by the bank, a regulatory institution, or any government agency petitioning the bank for the right to your money. In a dispute banks almost always defer to law enforcement, regulators, or government authorities. If you give your money to a bank, they get to decide whether or not to allow any transaction even if it's against your will.
4) Not just cool. This is the fundamental source of power for any decentralized network. There is no leader! Let that sink in. No leader, but any user can still have 100% faith in the system. That's the genius of it.
2) Yep screwed up my numbering. Sorry. If you're considering bitcoin network nodes and miners as third parties, you're totally missing the previous point. Sure they operate between party A and party B in a transaction, but this is where the trustless aspect is so important. Trust is emergent from a vast system of untrusted parties. They are third parties in the sense that they are between A and B, but they have absolutely zero ability to influence the transaction. A bank on the other hand is a third party between A and B with absolute ability to decide whether or not your transaction can be allowed to occur. You're taking a lot of liberty with the term "third party" when applied to a decentralized cryptocurrency networks. Apples and oranges.
3) Sure you have to carry a cryptographic key which can be represented in any number of imaginative ways. You could have a book for example with the letters and numbers comprising your key circled in blue ink. You could hide your key with steganography into an image posted on instagram, then you don't have to carry it, you simply have to remember which image it is and decipher it when you need it, wherever you happen to be, hell you can even tattoo it on your balls. The sky is the limit on how you store and manage your private key. It's not like some monetary instrument such as dollar bills and credit cards.
4) Yes, same as above. The point is any transaction is unmediated between two parties. Miners and validating nodes are not third parties in any meaningful way, any more than the tube at the bank drive through is a third party between you and the teller.
5) You can count on it.
6) This is where second layer technologies and off-chain settlement layers will work. No single blockchain can carry the demand of an entire global currency. Many side chain technologies will grow out of the need for cheap instant transactions. Lots of promising tech in development now. It's approaching fast and will be a normal part of crypto transactions sooner than you forgot what it's like to live in a world without cell phones.
Mass adoption of cryptocurrency has only just begun. It's gonna be a wild ride, but in a number of years from now, it will become the norm. The price volatility will settle down, and people will be very happy to use it as currency that they solely control.
@_date: 2018-09-26 00:38:17
Yes. Supply and demand.
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:22:53
Just think what a bargain it will be when it does correct. And, you know it'll recover fast. Long-term BTC is still very bullish. Short term, anything can happen.
@_date: 2018-09-28 23:23:34
The fact that the bitcoin code itself can be infinitely copied has no bearing on the scarcity of bitcoin.
In order for a copy of the bitcoin code to be an equivalent copy would require that the entire bitcoin network (all nodes and miners) to also be copied.
Any running copy of the bitcoin code must also build up a network equal in power to the bitcoin network in order to to have the same value.
At this point, it's incredibly improbable that any other bitcoin clone could ever reach the same network hashrate that bitcoin currently has. If it did, the miners may just abandon bitcoin and switch to the clone network, thereby making the clone the new bitcoin and rendering the original bitcoin worthless. Not likely at all.
Bitcoin code does not equal bitcoin. Bitcoin code supported by the tremendous power of the bitcoin network equals bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-28 18:13:57
How's that war on drugs working out?
@_date: 2018-09-28 16:09:00
Actually, I wonder if a flat out "Cryptocurrencies are now illegal" type of law went into effect, it may simply accelerate it's adoption?
People are passionate about their freedom. Prohibition of things doesn't have a great track record in the US, and people don't like being told they can't do something which they see no harm in especially when they also see great benefit of it.
It's ability to eventually challenge the existence of our current financial system just may come sooner than later.
EDIT: It's like telling your teenage daughter she's forbidden to date that boy you dislike. It's a sure fire way to be absolutely certain that she will sneak around and see him.
@_date: 2018-09-27 15:02:25
$5 wrench attack doesn't apply if no one knows you have it. Just be discrete with your transactions, tumble and transfer wallets, and shut up about having crypto.
@_date: 2018-09-05 17:54:21
Excellent points that everyone should consider!
Most people don't consider privacy to be a big concern because of "I've got nothing to hide" mentality, or "privacy is only desired by drug dealers, money launderers, and terrorists. I don't engage in those activities so I don't really need privacy."
We all need privacy in our financial system and in our economy. Currency MUST be fungible, and the details of any transaction are no one's business but those involved in the transaction.
Bitcoin must have robust privacy and fungibility to succeed as the currency it's intended to become.
@_date: 2018-09-28 22:52:10
@_date: 2018-09-27 14:51:35
Just periodically tumble a small amount into a new wallet before spending. Or trade back and forth between another crypto first. Or even better, just send to another wallet over LN. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:52:34
How can we know this didn't actually happen? If you're clever enough to build a time machine, you'd also be clever enough to conceal your 2009 bitcoin investment. It could be purchased a little bit at a time over the course of a few months to a year with thousands of accounts all under one person's control. Then as the years go by, just to avoid the observation by others that the bitcoin is being hodled, you just continuously trade back and fourth with yourself. 
One unidentified person can appear to be thousands of unidentified people on the blockchain if you're careful.
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:17:22
I agree partly. Bitcoin is DVD right now, and it's working on becoming Blu-Ray. But, that's just the thing about Bitcoin. It is capable of changing and adapting. Although the form factor was the same, DVD could never "become" Blu-Ray. It was succeeded by Blu-Ray. Bitcoin can actually become Blu-Ray, and it can later "become" streaming". Bitcoin is an evolving set of technologies based on a few common concepts. Things like crypto-graphical security, decentralization, block-chain, and proof of work. All of those things are concepts realized by the software behind them. The concepts are solid. They will remain true, even when the technologies change, and Bitcoin will change to become whatever technology it needs to be. 
Bitcoin is less about the specific technology that brings it into existence than it is about the fundamental principals and concepts related to the digital tokenization of value.
@_date: 2018-05-23 15:48:25
Ok, keep living in your little small view of the world, too afraid to trust your own judgment and your own security practices. Let those brilliant financial regulators make decisions for you and scrutinize the decisions you make for yourself. You can remain subjected their rules and stay under their thumb. I'm happy for you. 
In ten year though, your 200k will have the buying power of 100k. Bitcoin will almost certainly have far greater buying power than it does today. Sure it's a gamble, but bitcoin is a safer bet than any state financial system that obviously doesn't care about fiscally responsible monetary policy. When you understand what value (not monetary value) bitcoin really brings to the table, it's a damn safe bet! I sure wouldn't bet on that 1/2% interest rate your money is earning to overcome the inflation that will absolutely render it much less valuable.
Security? Bitcoin is far more secure than banks, but only if you take responsibility for it yourself. Regardless of how much Bitcoin I have, it'll never be worth any arbitrarily large group of hackers effort to try and attack me because I have my private keys secured. They simply can't get it. It isn't available to anyone but me, and if I pass away my family will be able to take possession of it because I have it secured properly. It's not that hard to do. It just takes mindful responsibility. Something you're too afraid of or just lack the confidence to take responsibility for. And if I were more concerned about security, or if I were a large organization with large bitcoin holdings, I'd hire a security service like Xapo to secure it for me. Insured. Have you considered that perhaps you put an unreasonable amount of faith in banks and government regulators?
Your mindset would make much more sense a generation ago, and I'd agree with you. But whether you believe now or not, bitcoin (or another decentralized cryptocurrency) will be the future of the world's economy. You can take that to the bank!
@_date: 2018-05-29 18:55:43
Buy OTC and hold until we have popular, simple and reliable decentralized exchanges. 
In the meantime, spend in small amounts and replenish as you go. This is the best thing for bitcoin. Avoid centralized exchanges.
The big exchanges are giving investors an unrealistic picture of the market. The average traders tend to assume that the majority of trading happens on exchanges. In reality, the very large investors trade OTC, so a significant amount of volume and pricing data is absent from exchanges.
@_date: 2018-05-23 16:27:23
Haha, sounds like someone is getting a little emotionally invested in this discourse.
I'm 50. Already said that.
Well, you're right. 200K today is worth 200K last year and will be worth 200K in a hundred years. Just like 1 bitcoin today is worth one bitcoin 5 years ago and worth one bitcoin 5 years from now. The point is, if I can break this down to ELI5 for you, the stuff you can buy with 200k today is less than the stuff you could have bought with 200k last year. Fact. I'm betting on (along with an enormous group of other bitcoin holders, and for good reason) that bitcoin will be able to buy a lot MORE in a few years than it will buy today.


Depends when you bought that bitcoin. Its value in USD is extremely volatile right now so yeah, If you bought mid-December 2017, you'd be down about 60% right now. But just try and have a bit longer of an outlook. 6 months is anyone's guess, but the farther out you look, the more optimistic the value of bitcoin becomes. 


Based on a solid understanding of how revolutionary the technology is. It is a deflationary asset. It offers a tremendous advantage to disenfranchised people all over the world. So broad adoption will happen eventually. As long as it remains highly volatile it's use as a currency is limited. Even if it remained primarily a store-of-value it'd be as good as gold. But it's actually better than gold. You can't spend gold the way you spend cash. You can't email gold to someone. You can't store or transport gold safely and securely without great effort and expense. 
Please show me your research that people are overwhelmingly less willing to take responsibility for the security of their own wealth. Just because people primarily keep their money in banks right now doesn't mean they will prefer to keep their money in banks when cryptocurrency is well established in their economy.
@_date: 2018-05-22 13:56:26
Think of bitcoin as the real currency and fiat as the speculative asset. In the long run, bitcoin has a much better chance of retaining, even gaining much greater value. Fiat is practically guaranteed to lose value.
Fiat may be the currency of choice for most people right now, but there will come a time when merchants and vendors will prefer crypto over fiat. Many will even reject fiat.
The key is to hodl your bitcoin until you don't need to cash out to fiat.
@_date: 2018-05-30 15:05:29


No one can be that certain. Don't discount the idea that even giants can fall. It does seem very unlikely, but the global economic situation is influenced by so many variables, anything is possible. Really. And if it does it will be ugly on an unprecedented level. The bigger they are the harder they fall. 
I wouldn't put 100% faith in any single economy, but BTC has so much going for it in terms of financial security and self-sovereignty. Even if BTC is not the absolute best basket to put all your eggs in right now, as other economies struggle and BTC keeps chugging along it is getting closer to being the safest bet.
@_date: 2018-05-24 19:06:38
Neither of us has a crystal ball, so I can't tell you exactly what will happen in the future, but I have a solid enough understanding of economics, the technology of decentralized cryptocurrencies, and most importantly why a decentralized cryptocurrency is a revolutionary monetary instrument. So I can make a well-educated guess.
1) I expect mass adoption to happen gradually. All the hype over it in the past year is just hype and crazed speculation. That doesn't detract from the fact that it's a profoundly unique and revolutionary technology. As the speculators dry up in today's bear market the price will continue to fall, the trading volume will fall, and the volatility will fall and it will stagnate while public attention moves elsewhere. It will not go to zero, not even close, but it will stay much lower than it's all-time high for a while. 
2) Eventually, it will climb again. Investors will get excited and it will take off on another fantastic run. It will peak, then it will fall again. Each time it does this, investors gain faith in its value which reduces volatility and encourages market price discovery which further stabilizes it. As volatility decreases, more people will be willing to use it. This is where the parabolic adoption curve comes in. The more people use it, the more stable it becomes, the more people use it. Rinse and repeat. This is also where the actual value of bitcoin will emerge. It's so volatile right now because the overwhelming majority of investors don't have a clue what to base its value on. That's because 99% of investors are in it BECAUSE of the volatility. These investors do not care about or understand the technology behind it or how useful it is to so many people, particularly in under-developed countries. The other 1% of investors in cryptocurrencies right now DO understand its implications for the economy and the way it empowers people without wealth, or people living in countries whose national currencies have become worthless. The disenfranchised masses will adopt cryptocurrencies because there is such a low barrier to entry as compared to bank regulated money. 
People have gotten far too excited about cryptocurrency in the past year, but for the wrong reasons. This has led to and will continue to lead to much contempt and cynicism in the near term, but make no mistake. Cryptocurrency will run up again, reaching new heights, then drop again but not as low as before. This cycle has already been happening and will continue to happen, getting slower and more stable each time it occurs. Slowly, people will recognize by its history that it has staying power and their faith in cryptocurrency will slowly get stronger. 
3) Mass adoption will happen slowly and mostly outside the US and other countries with relatively stable economies. If the US economy becomes destabilized the adoption will hasten. It will take time for the developed world to "really understand" what cryptocurrency represents, but the under-developed world and those living under corrupt regimes already "get it". Each time the cycle recurs, the ratio of ignorant to enlightened investors will shift. If it's 99/1 today, next time it may be 90/10, then 70/30 and so on until there's a tipping point and a mass exodus from fiat to crypto as people are afraid that their government-sponsored money will depreciate more quickly than they can escape into the safe haven of a crypto asset. I can't speculate on the time frame but I plan to hold onto my crypto for at least another ten years. 
The whole idea of buying into cryptocurrency is not to eventually sell it for a big profit as measured in fiat currency but not to have to exit to fiat at all. Eventually, we can just trade with it.
4) Ask the people of Venezuela or Zimbabwe or Cyprus or India.
@_date: 2018-05-22 15:13:44
Why would anyone want to give the government power over their money? Private security organizations with a strong record of reliability and transparent auditing would be orders of magnitude more secure and trustworthy. And I'm sure many of these type of organizations do in fact offer insurance.
That's only if you can't manage your keys yourself. If you take a little time to understand the basics of private key security, any individual can keep their bitcoin redundantly safe and secure for generations. But I guess some people are just too scared of taking responsibility for their own sovereignty. Gubmint, hold my hand!
@_date: 2018-08-07 16:25:08
I agree with this articles characterization of the barriers for institutional money entering the BTC market. I also believe those barriers have begun to significantly errode and I fully expect a BTC ETF to become established soon. Once it does, others will follow and there will be a great influx of institutional money in instruments like ETFs. But this will also pressure present crypto exchanges to up their game with better assurances like transparency and insurance. BTC ETFs will stimulate a lot more direct investment into BTC as well.
More investment will mean less volatility. But more importantly, less volatility will mean than BTC can begin to better realize its potential as currency. Adoption hasn't really begun outside a niche market, but once the money pours in and the volatility settles down, adoption will take off. Greater investment and greater adoption will lead to even more of each. Of course it will eventually level off, but we haven't seen anything yet.
@_date: 2018-05-24 17:59:59
This is what the mining difficulty adjustment is for. If miners start dropping out due to greater operating costs than profit, then the difficulty drops and it becomes more profitable again. Mining is designed to stay balanced this way.
@_date: 2018-05-30 15:33:50
People often scoff at the idea of BTC reaching $100,000 or $1,000,000 or higher, but eventually, it's practically inevitable. 
The catch is that when BTC does reach such heights, $100,000 USD will not even be enough for a months rent.
@_date: 2018-05-22 01:18:28


I've never worked for an exchange but I must assume that the investors purchase the initial holdings which could be acquired from anyone with Bitcoin to sell. It could be miners, but it could also be from other investors. Really anyone that has Bitcoin they are willing to sell, but all of it originates from miners. Miners earn newly minted Bitcoin by securing the network with the blockchain. Miners spend the coins they earn, trade them for goods and services, or sell for fiat. It's analogous to gold. Gold miners excavate gold from the ground. They sell the gold to pay for their mining expenses and to earn a profit from their mining endeavor. Bitcoin miners do exactly the same.


Without miners, there would be no Bitcoin. Miners are vital to the security of the network. In theory, I suppose people could run Bitcoin nodes and make transactions on a network without miners, but there would be no way to validate transaction integrity. No accounting for the existence of actual Bitcoin. With the block chain (which miners must create) each Bitcoin in each transaction can be verified all the way back to the block it was created in. This is how the whole system is reconciled. The block chain is a running ledger of every transaction ever made. The Bitcoin software validates transactions by checking that Bitcoin from the input address actually exists in a previous transaction, and so on, and so on. Once the inputs are verified, the balance can be redistributed across different output addresses to form a valid transaction. This transaction is recorded in the block chain (by miners) and the next time one of the receiving addresses attempts to spend the same Bitcoin, once again it is traced back to the previous valid transaction to verify that the amount matches and no Bitcoin is lost or created. 
Every Bitcoin ever created is accounted for in the block chain. Some addresses holding Bitcoin have become inaccessible because people were careless and lost their private key, or perhaps have died and left no record of their private key. So there is a significant percentage of Bitcoin that is lost forever. In the early days, Bitcoin pioneers were a lot more cavalier about protecting their Bitcoins. Many were more interested in the technology and never considered how valuable it would become. So although there will eventually be 21,000,000 Bitcoin in existence. Maybe only 80% or less will be in circulation, and less as time goes by and more keys are lost. Another factor that contributes to Bitcoin's deflationary nature. Even after the wild volatility stabilizes, Bitcoin will always gain value at some rate. A lot of factors will impact both the value of bitcoin and it's rate of deflation. I think most people expect the rate of deflation to settle at a low enough rate to encourage its use as the currency it is meant to be.
@_date: 2018-05-11 13:54:50
Your argument doesn't make sense.
Substitute 1 Bitcoin for a $1,000,000 bill if such a thing existed. How many people in the world could ever afford that? Doesn't stop people collecting $1, $20, $100 bills. Won't stop people collecting Satoshis either.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:27:20
@_date: 2018-05-15 15:44:11
2017 actually far outperformed almost all 2016 predictions by financial experts.
The general consensus was a very optimistic $3000 by the end of 2017 with most predicting lower than that.
@_date: 2018-05-23 14:39:55
I'm laughing so hard I can't tell if you're trolling me or if you're serious.
You have to be kidding, right? Why wouldn't anyone want financial self-sovereignty? Oh, because the government always has my best interest in mind. Oh, because I need a financial institution and government regulation to protect me from making stupid uninformed decisions with my own money. Oh, because I totally trust someone monitoring every transaction I make in case I accidentally do something suspicious like deposit $10,001 dollars to my account... I'd need to be reported for such an egregious transaction. Oh, central banks certainly know better than I do about money management, they would never do something as irresponsible as to debase our currency by printing money willy-nilly to hand out to their fellow banking buddies. Bankers and the government can't be selfish or corrupt, I have absolute blind trust in them to make financial decisions for me. I can't possibly be expected to take personal responsibility for my own wealth... how crazy is that! I'm far too simple-minded to make my own financial decisions. /s
The only reason people have been using banks until now is that cryptocurrency hasn't existed until now.


Oh yeah. Irrefutable. Source?
I'm 50.
@_date: 2018-05-05 21:35:59
It may be convenient, but it's also proving to be true over time.
@_date: 2018-05-12 15:36:26
Isn't this rising wedge a bearish pattern?
@_date: 2018-08-23 17:38:30
Bitcoin is indeed disruptive to traditional taxation mechanisms, but I don't believe de-anonymizing and regulation are the right way to deal with that. The decentralized nature of bitcoin will always see regulation as an attack and route around it over time.
The best way for the taxation dilemma to be worked out in an fully bitcoin economy would be to first simply abandon income tax. I'm sure some very creative economists, public officials and innovators can devise creative new ways to collect the taxes necessary to operate our government (hopefully a much leaner government), and fund public infrastructure and public services. 
Many really good alternative tax ideas have been proposed by various groups. A fair and effective scheme to collect taxes that doesn't rely on financial reporting or monitoring, or even care how much income a person receives, can absolutely work. People are so used to understanding taxes as they relate to wealth and income that they fail to recognize that their are other ways taxes can be fairly collected and other ways to fairly fund the public services that tax money pays for now.
@_date: 2018-05-29 18:58:03
It may be factual but it's self-fulfilling.
@_date: 2018-05-21 22:01:20
Bitcoin is decentralized electronic money. Anyone with a device connected to the internet can use Bitcoin to transact with one another directly. No intermediaries like banks. Direct and secure person-to-person transactions. An electronic equivalent of cash with additional properties that make it much better than fiat (state-sponsored) currency. Bitcoin is denominated to eight decimal places. You can buy and trade with very small fractions of a whole Bitcoin. Bitcoin does not require any verification to participate. Unlike a bank account, absolutely anyone can use it. Bitcoin is deflationary. Its value will always continue to rise. This makes it an excellent store of value, unlike inflationary fiat currency which is constantly losing value to inflation. The price volitility of Bitcoin today will eventually stabilize with wider adoption and its value as a currency will increase.
Everyone who uses bitcoin becomes part of the bitcoin network. Essentially the Bitcoin network is a vast collection of nodes (computers, phones, and other devices, or specialized hardware running the bitcoin software) all connected ad hoc so that there is no central authority or single point of failure. The network is designed in such a way that nodes are expected to distrust each other and verify transactions independently. Out of this network of distrust emerges a consensus where nodes are incentivized to keep each other honest. Despite epic controversy, struggle, and hackery, the Bitcoin network has been running non-stop since early 2009. No one can stop it. No one.
Some nodes on the Bitcoin network are called miners. These are special nodes that collect the transactions of Bitcoin users and compile them into blocks. A new block is produced roughly every ten minutes. Each block is a descendant of the previous block and together they form the blockchain. If all transactions are accurate (no one has attempted to cheat) as verified by other nodes, then the block is added to the blockchain and the miner receives a reward of 12.5 Bitcoin. This is where new bitcoins come from. The miners also receive a small fee for each transaction included in the block to help incentivize the important role they play in the network. The reward is halved periodically and ultimately will end once 21,000,000 Bitcoin have been produced. This is expected to occur around the year 2140, at which time mining should be sustainable through transaction fees alone.
Exchanges are simply organizations that accept deposits of one currency (some variety of fiat or a cryptocurrency like Bitcoin) and allow users to exchange or trade with each other for another currency. Exchanges buy Bitcoin just like everyone else. Since most exchanges today are centralized businesses, you should not trust them. If you simply plan to purchase Bitcoin on an exchange, you should withdraw it from the exchange to your own wallet (Bitcoin software running on your computer or device) as soon as you acquire it. If you wish to stay in the cryptocurrency market as an active trader, you'll want to leave at least some portion of your Bitcoin on the exchange to trade with. If you're a good trader or just lucky you could make a lot of money. If you're not so lucky you could lose a lot of money. Be careful, don't gamble with more than you can afford to lose, and withdraw any Bitcoin you are not actively trading as soon as possible. Basically, as long as your Bitcoin is on an exchange, the exchange controls it. When it's in your wallet, you control it. Exchanges are notoriously large targets for hackers and scams.
BTC is Bitcoin. It's the original, the most popular, has the largest and most secure network, has the greatest development supporting it, and has the highest value. BCH is a fork of Bitcoin. That means that BCH coopted the Bitcoin blockchain (this happened Aug 1, 2017) and began running a modified version of the Bitcoin software on their network using the same blockchain. Since the time of the fork, the block chains are no longer compatible with one another. The BCH developers have a different plan and chose to take development in a different direction than the majority of Bitcoin developers. BCH is not the only fork of Bitcoin. Many other forks have occurred and those projects all move in different directions, but they are not Bitcoin.
Perhaps someone can post a list of resources for beginners to learn and get started.
@_date: 2018-05-22 14:12:28
Bitcoin does in fact demand a greater level of responsibility but offers an even greater level of freedom.
For those who may be uncomfortable taking full responsibility for their private key, there are third-party custodial services that will manage it for them, for a fee of course. Check out Xapo.
@_date: 2017-03-20 22:12:40
For a long time now it's been my opinion that BU supporters are simply aiming to make off-chain transactions more difficult or impossible. They seem to believe that having control of the lion's share of transactions will mean receiving the lion's share of fees, while sharing transactions with an off-chain network means sharing fees. This just isn't true. It doesn't matter what happens off-chain. Bitcoin miners will always get 100% of fees for on-chain transactions, and that's all that really matters. When transactions take place off-chain, they must eventually be settled on-chain where the miners can take whatever fee the market will bear. And a bitcoin economy where most small transactions take place off-chain will indeed bear larger fees for on-chain transactions.
Miners will always be the only ones to processes on-chain transactions, and they will always control the fee for those transactions. If transaction volume drops they will just increase fees. And as long as altcoins exist the free market will keep bitcoin fees in check. It will always be as simple as adjusting fees to balance between profitability and market share.
I don't see why fewer transactions on the main chain should ever impact miners profits. They will simply scale fees accordingly. 
At this point in bitcoins maturity, the bitcoin block chain functions as the "store-of-value". Any off-chain transactions will function as the "currency". Exchanges esentially do this now. 
Very high transaction fees would mean that only very large transactions would be processed on-chain. Where's the problem here? This is fine as long as off-chain networks can handle the small transactions. What difference does it make to miners if they can process 10,000 tx minute at .001 BTC each or 10 tx minute at 1 BTC each? "Currency chains" or side-chains like LN will pay larger transaction fees to settle their transactions in bulk on-chain. And so will individuals with an interest in quickly and safely securing large transactions on-chain. Those using bitcoin to buy coffee, pay uber fare, or tip their concierge will be happy with a currency chain like LN. 
Why should miners care if block size remained at 1MB indefinetley with the same amount or even fewer transactions, while off-chain networks make up for the performance issues this whole bitcoin scaling dispute has sought to address? As long as the miners can adjust fees to compensate, the market will balance it out naturally.
The main bitcoin block chain has always been, and always will be the backbone of bitcoin. It's stood up to formidable challenges and so far proven itself to be extraordinarily strong and resilient. Miners are a critical part of the system and their compensation **will be fair** due to natural market forces. If miners become unfairly compensated one way or the other, it will either drive users to altcoins (miners taking too much), or cause bitcoin to collapse (miners not getting paid enough).
@_date: 2017-03-04 04:02:43
You're shifting your point now. Rather than address your original comment that the Blockstream devs will somehow gain an unfair advantage that threatens bitcoin, you're now saying the LN is the threat. So how exactly will LN cripple bitcoin? I'm not aware of any evidence to suggest that LN would cause such a problem. Actually the rather extensive testing so far shows just the opposite. Please explain exactly how LN will damage bitcoin. I'm not trying to be inflammatory, but you're just throwing unsupported attacks at Blockstream and LN. Back up your position with some facts.
@_date: 2017-03-02 20:16:46
And how exactly does becoming a LN guru consultant damage bitcoin? This only reinforces maaku7's point that Blockstream only benefits if the network as a whole benefits. That's not tipping any scales in Blockstream's favor.
@_date: 2019-03-19 13:08:05


It may not be on their radar right now, but when Bitcoin gets closer to fulfilling it's promise of a global p2p currency, these companies will have a real conflict of interest to address. How can we trust them to do what's right for the community and the technology? We can't.
@_date: 2017-03-21 19:49:48
I posted this in an earlier thread but didn't receive any responses.
This is an honest question. Why should miners perceive 2nd layer transaction protocols as a threat in the first place? Only miners will always control on-chain transactions and the fees for those transactions. Whatever happens off-chain is irrelevant because miners should be able to adjust fees to compensate. Off chain transactions will eventually be settled on-chain, where miners can charge whatever fee the market will bear. Miner's should always adjust fees so the mining operations are profitable, but not outrageous. It's a balance between profitability and cryptocurrency marketshare. Can't we expect miners fees to maintain a natural balance of fair compensation? If miners demand too much, users will be driven to alt coins. If miners don't get paid enough the bitcoin blockchain will collapse.
Right now bitcoin has matured to the point that it makes more sense for the main blockchain to function as the "store of value" and 2nd layer implementations will function as the "currency".
If 2nd layer networks can handle the vast majority of small transactions, then on-chain transaction fees could climb very high. This would not be a problem because miners would still be compensated fairly, 2nd layer networks would easily pay the high fees to settle bulk transaction on-chain, and individuals would gladly pay high fees to quickly and safely secure large transaction on-chain.
On-chain transactions would come from side-chain settlements and individual large transactions.
Off-chain transactions would be for buying coffee, pizza, rent, and passing money between friends.
Miners would make the same profit from 10tx minute at 1 BTC each as they would from 10,000tx minute at .001 BTC each. Right?
@_date: 2019-03-18 15:18:34
$.06 to $3000 despite increasing supply. Wait until a few more halvings have past and the increase in supply is almost trivial.
Combine decreasing rate of issuance, with a growing awareness and public understanding of "why Bitcoin", and it's really hard to see a future where the value of Bitcoin doesn't go up dramatically.
@_date: 2017-08-01 21:07:35
It doesn't matter whether the media, the public or investors in general understand it. It doesn't matter if BCH survives or not.
My point is that both sides of the fork still represent the same market, and any interest you had in it before the fork remains intact within the whole BTC/BCH market after the fork. 
Most of the public investing in Bitcoin already don't understand it and they've still been pouring money into it. They may not understand the difference between BTC and BCH either, but in the long term that won't stop them from continuing to pour money into both. Time will tell if one becomes the clear leader, rises to the top, runs neck and neck, hobbles along or dies completely. 
In the end BTC and BCH are sharing the same market. As time goes by participants will slowly gain clearer knowledge of the differences and each will cultivate their own market. But for now they are both sharing the whole pie. 
Place your bets if you're sure BCH will die, but today you have a choice that you didn't have yesterday. Use it wisely.
@_date: 2017-08-01 20:35:56
It's definitely NOT about making money out of thin air.
There will certainly be a lot of volatility in the next few weeks as the market decides how they feel about both versions of Bitcoin. And, there will be a lot of speculators trying to capitalize on that volatility. But, the overall value will balance out to represent the exact same market.
The Bitcoin market itself hasn't ever reached any real stability. It has grown tremendously this year alone and will continue to grow. So the same volatile growing market that Bitcoin has had up until now, will be the same volatile growing market represented by both BTC and BCH.
The market is the same. If you owned any Bitcoin before the fork, you still own the exact same percentage of the market after the fork. Nothing is created. Nothing is lost. Bitcoin has simply bifurcated into a market with more options. 
Don't like BCH? Trade it for BTC. Don't like BCT? trade it for BCH. Or trade for any other alt coin you like, or just cash out to fiat. Or, keep and support both. Your choice.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:34:54
Yes. I'd be interested to know how many hodlers pay taxes on crypto to crypto trades but never cash out to fiat.
@_date: 2017-08-08 17:39:20
Excellent point.
I hate to be THAT conspiracy guy, but it does seem plausible that a government agency worried about loosing economic control or viewing their revenue as threatened by cryptocurrency, might encourage influential individuals to make public comments like this.
@_date: 2017-08-08 17:57:56
The real value of bitcoin is that it completely removes the need for an intermediary in any financial transaction. That's only possible since the ecosystem has become as robust as it is now. Once bitcoin is used as a currency more than as an investment, it's value won't even be questioned.
The Genie is out of the bottle.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:00:28


This seems unacceptable to me. The Bitcoin bastard spawn is already processing cheap transactions very quickly. More businesses are announcing support for it every day. The public is mostly unaware of the differences in the two coins and I believe new adopters will see the slow backlogged expensive sluggish Bitcoin as a dinosaur, and the newer version as the new and improved new hotness. In several months Bitcoin has a good chance of loosing out a major portion of it's market to the other chain. If they ever approach price parity, I'm afraid Bitcoin could forever loose it's dominance.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:44:51
I thought there were something like 2016 block periods where the difficulty is adjusted once each period and all block in the next period use the same retargeted difficulty.
Seems to me it would work better to have each blocks difficulty based on the average time between the previous 100 blocks. This would create a smoother transition between difficulty retargeting when abrupt hashrate changes occur.
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:32:04
Agreed. As long as there is opposition to bitcoin, especially passionate disagreement, competitors, forks, threats, and attacks, and bitcoin survives.. it demonstrates how much stronger it actually is than the detractors thought and confidence increases dramatically along with the price.
@_date: 2018-10-09 14:54:33
Because people who don't know Bitcoin, think of it as a company. No one thinks of the USD as a company. Therefore if an ill informed person wants to know who's in charge of Bitcoin, or who Bitcoin's leader is, they'll likely search Bitcoin CEO.
Although the USD is not a company, the Federal Reserve certainly has leaders and people in charge that make decisions and control the USD and it's economy. 
No one controls Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-01 19:31:58
I do. Each fork of the original BTC blockchain is supported by communities with differing ideologies. Each aiming for different paths and with differing as well as overlapping use cases. I for one am excited to see where each one will go. I hope they are both wildly successful!!!
@_date: 2017-08-01 21:53:25
Scarcity is precisely where the value comes from. Why do you think the value of all fiat currencies decrease over time? Governments and Banks print more and more of it. The US government intentionally tries to maintain a 2% annual inflation rate. That means any US dollar you've held onto for one year is now worth only .98 cents, and why it would cost you over $120 today to buy what $20 would buy you 1970.
@_date: 2018-10-25 20:30:14
Total budget cuts for household: should be $385. not $38.50
@_date: 2017-08-22 18:15:58
Rather than EDA or some other difficulty retargeting algorithm, why not just use a moving average difficulty so that each block difficulty is set based on the previous 100 or so blocks?
@_date: 2017-08-08 17:31:01


That's a surprisingly shortsighted statement for someone who is supposed to be one of the most respected investment analysts.
Gold only has value based on what people are willing to pay for it. Even cash only has value based on what people are willing to trade for it.
He clearly doesn't "get it." Bitcoin's value doesn't come primarily from what it is presently trading for on exchanges. It's value is inherent in it's novel solution to the problem of currency centralization and the historical necessity of financial intermediaries (ie. banks). 
When people eventually use it primarily as a currency rather than an investment vehicle, it's true value will be glaringly apparent.
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:38:43
Bitcoin w/ segwit (BTC) views the blockchain as a foundational technology that should support newer innovative technologies to extend it's functionality. Such as using Lighting Network to handle scaling, and using other side-chain technologies to offer new and unique capabilities that may not even be invented yet. This camp wants the blockchain to be a secure settlement layer that other tech builds upon.
Bitcoin w/ larger blocks (BCH) views the blockchain as the only necessary technology. They believe in more transactions through larger blocks supported by a strong mining network. Secondary technologies shouldn't be necessary and Bitcoin doesn't need to try and be anything more than what it set out to be "A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System".
@_date: 2018-06-30 21:28:41
Aside from a few isolated groups developing among people with very little network connectivity or some sort of imposed social isolation, I would expect the concept of "six degrees of separation" to apply. Even if it mathematically worked out to a few dozen degrees of separation (I'd expect it to be lower though), LN should still function well.
@_date: 2017-08-25 01:52:14


This is the most vulnerable attack vector I've ever seen for bitcoin. Stealing miners. Could this be Bitcoin's Achilles heel?
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:10:36
That's true right now, but I'm envisioning a future where national debt and financial collapse debases fiat all over the world. Like what's happened in Venezuela but much more wide spread. 
Many countries are already welcoming Bitcoin into their economies, so it only makes sense to me that bitcoin becomes the good money while all fiat becomes the bad. As long as there's nothing better than bitcoin, it'll always be the good money, and always be hodled in favor of lesser currencies.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:29:38
High fees may not be a big deal to traders moving thousands of dollars around, but there are many many many people just trying to get started in bitcoin for the first time and can only afford to buy $20 or $100 worth. High transaction fees ARE a big deal for the small guys who actually get the technology, are excited about it, and want to get in as soon as possible. 
High fees keep bitcoin exclusionary. Lots of low income people would like a tiny piece of the pie, but the fees make it impractical for the small fries to get in. We need bitcoin in the hands of more people, to improve the liquidity, improve the bitcoin economy, and spur the market for retail transactions. As long as bitcoin remains the playground of the wealthier people, it will struggle to ever become the currency it was meant to be.
I wouldn't exactly call the price stable. It's more stable than it was a couple of months ago, but it's still just one candle away from a 3 or 4 hundred dollar drop/rise.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:07:56


Which could take years. The public doesn't care about the technology behind a cryptocurrency until they have to deal directly with it's shortcomings. By then it's gonna be too late.
If the Segwit2x upgrade actually happens, the larger blocks will provider relief sooner than waiting on Lighting Network. Maybe bumping it up to a Segwit8x upgrade without EDA would take the air out of the other coin's balloon.
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:04:14
Since LB buyers and sellers negotiate their own terms, I imagine once LN becomes common, LB users will use it to trade off chain. 
Just wondering if anyone sees any special issues or problems arising from using LN for the exchange of BTC and fiat. Will it be more anonymous? If so, what kind of reaction would LB or financial authorities express? 
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:11:45
So what's the good news?
@_date: 2018-06-13 16:25:43
Agreed. I think the absolute lowest it can possibly go would be around $1k, but I really don't think it'll go lower than mid $2k maybe not even that low. It'll likely stay near the bottom at least through the rest of this year maybe half way through 2019 or longer before it starts to recover slowly. 
The next bull wave will not be as steep as the previous one, it will be considerably stronger as the next wave of investors will be more educated about cryptocurrencies (unlike the crazy fomo investors of late 2017 who didn't know the difference between Bitcoin and Beanie babies), and the next rise will reach spectacular heights before a much more reasonable market correction than today. But we may have to wait two or three years to see it.
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:21:02
Because cryptocurrency has the unprecedentedly unique capacity to function as both with vast efficiency.
@_date: 2017-08-01 22:58:08
Currency is a better term than cash. You can't email a $10 dollar bill, much less a $10.556870014 dollar bill. The advantages of cryptocurrency over fiat "cash/paper money" currency are indeed vast. 
You also can't email a gold bar, or even carry more than a couple of gold bars with you when you travel, not to mention the dangers or practicality of walking around with gold to pay for things. 
Combined with it's deflationary characteristic, cryptocurrency is not only a better medium of exchange, it's a better store of value. Simply put, it's all around better money.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:57:50
Right, but what's the forecast? 
The mempool is backed up and transactions are taking far too long to confirm. And yes, on-chain transactions will be more expensive, but until lightning is actually useful, Bitcoin's public perception and adoption rate will suffer. The longer it takes to relieve the mempool and the better chance the spinoff coin will have of gaining stronger acceptance. 
Are we expecting some relief soon, or will it be a few months?
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:28:48
Ok, I get that. Definitely time base retargeting would seem to work better that block number retargeting. That would solve the problem of the normal 2 weeks turning into 8 weeks if hashrate suddenly drops to 25%. But, I still wonder if a moving average difficulty would work better. 
If 100 blocks isn't enough, then why not just average the time between the past 2016 blocks as a moving average to adjust the difficulty for each new block? Rather than wait for an arbitrarily chosen static period (either number of blocks or elapsed time) to end, difficulty could move dynamically as hashrate changes. A moving average would ensure smooth difficulty adjustments regardless of whether a large percentage of miners suddenly leave or join the network.
I'm not trying to persuade anyone's view on this topic. I'm not technically knowledgable enough to endorse it anyway. I'm just genuinely curious why this wouldn't be a better approach and wish to encourage discussion.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:33:02
So is Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-06-06 20:38:40
Well said!
@_date: 2018-06-19 21:38:50
Is there any way (under development) to split larger payments between multiple smaller channels?
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:41:07
This is a great idea. Fun with LN!
How about starting a drawing board like this where each pixel begins at 1 satoshi cost, and each new artist must pay more to overwrite previous pixels. Price would go up for popular map areas. This could be profitable and be used to fund an important project.
@_date: 2019-08-12 16:39:59
Why's it gotta be an income tax? Or any kind of tax based off a person's net worth?
US auto license is comparable to a tax on being able to drive, yet everyone pays the same amount for a license plate. Also, sales tax in the US serves it's purpose quiet well without direct consideration of a person's income.
Surely, there are some very smart plans that would collect public funding for public infrastructure and civil services fairly and without an income tax.
Income tax is really an insidious way to fund a government.
@_date: 2019-08-12 18:24:04
Just because someone has more wealth doesn't necessarily mean they can afford to pay more. They may have proportionally larger expenses. I realize a lot of people are impoverished and I'm sympathetic to those. I also realize a lot of very wealthy people are wealthy due to greed and taking advantage of others. But a persons level of wealth is not a clear indicator of the degree of hardship they face, or how evil and greedy they may be.
People have the right to choose how they live, and if someone wants to live a simple, low stress, lifestyle with a meager income and few expenses, they may be able to afford to squirrel away a large nest egg. While someone more ambitious may choose to take more risks with their finances, accept a much larger income to expense ratio, or even go into debt in hopes of achieving greater wealth in the future. These sort of personal financial decisions are extremely difficult to put into perspective for taxation purposes, hence the reason income tax rules are so convoluted and complex.
Besides, it's my personal belief that every individual has the right to be financially sovereign. It should be our right to keep private the details of our wealth. Not for the purpose of hiding excess wealth from the government, but because it's no one's business to know unless we wish to tell them. Wealthy and poor alike may not wish to be judged by how much money they have. Or to invite the criticism, pity, or disdain that would lead to them being classified or labeled based on solely on their wealth or lack of wealth. Or targeted by those seeking to take what doesn't belong to them.
My point is that so many people believe that if you have an objection to paying taxes, it's because you have a selfish motivation and aren't willing to participate in funding projects and services for the public good. This is just not true. I can oppose income tax on the basis that it invades my personal financial sovereignty and my privacy. I have no objection to alternative methods of funding. In fact, although I'm not personally qualified to author a proposal for such an alternative, I have great faith that others can. And I believe some very creative alternatives could indeed be more effective and more fair than income tax.
I'd like to see alternatives that disregard how much wealth I have, what assets my wealth resides in, where I received my income from, and where I spend it, and give me a say in how the funding I contribute could be used.
@_date: 2018-06-28 19:55:10
Good concept, but difficult to use. Better if it wasn't strictly based on search terms. I'd like to browse a list of businesses as well as a list of categories that could be drilled down through to find things I'm looing for.
@_date: 2019-08-08 14:53:53
What are you redditor's opinions on key backups insofar as how many is enough and how many is too many?
I think having a hardware wallet with two physical copies of the keys inscribed on difficult to destroy material, and all stored in separate locations seems about right for an individual hodler.
A person could make 4, 5 or 50 copies of their key, so the more they have the less likely they are to loose it, but the more risk they have that someone else will discover one of them and steal the funds. There has to be a balance in sufficient redundancy and lowest risk of discovery and theft.
Also encrypting your backups is probably a good idea, especially if you can use a cypher on a non-digital backup, but that carries the burden of securing and possibly loosing the cypher as well. Is this a good idea?
What's good enough for someone with a few hundred dollars in crypto vs someone with a few million dollars in crypto?
@_date: 2018-06-05 16:04:43
Will there be an Android app at any point? (would need a cable like this  )
@_date: 2019-06-19 14:50:04
I wouldn't say the only reason to buy with a cc is because you can't afford it. Many people actually use credit cards properly and pay what they charge each month. It's a good way to earn rewards and protect your own bank account by using the cc companies money.
Buying with cash is usually inconvenient or difficult. Buying directly from your bank account exposes you to trouble if you're overcharged for some reason, and it usually takes longer.
People use credit cards to buy other stuff over the internet all the time. If you're a responsible cc user, it's really the easiest way to go. Just ALWAYS settle your cc debt each month.
@_date: 2019-02-11 20:54:30
you're only REKT if you don't still have all that BTC you bought.
If you're REKT it means you must have sold it for a loss at some point.
That $19K BTC you bought will one day be worth more than $19k. Just hodl. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:30:28
Totally true. Holding BTC pays dividends much greater than the worst credit card debt costs.
If my personality were more "risk taker" I'd probably max out my credit card to buy BTC because I could pay the interest and still make money from the growth of BTC.
You're better off financing a tesla with a 30% apr loan, than paying for it with BTC over the course of say a 5 year loan. 30% over 5 years, you'd pay about double the sticker price. But in 5 years that same BTC would be worth far more than 2x the value of the Tesla.
More risky for sure, but those of us with faith in bitcoin it makes sense. 
@_date: 2019-02-14 18:15:31


Hmmm.... perhaps he delivered Satoshi?
@_date: 2019-02-19 15:18:30
Chuck Norris can double spend from the genesis block.
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:40:46
Because the value of bitcoin increases much much faster than interest on the worst loan you could get to buy the car in the first place. Over the course of only a year or two, you'd have gained far more by holding the bitcoin than you would pay in interest with a crappy loan.
@_date: 2019-06-17 19:52:01
It's the pulse of the Bitcoin market.
@_date: 2017-11-13 02:09:59
The most important consideration when talking about value is where the technology is expected to go, not where it is right now. Investors look to the future to determine their ROI.
You need to think in terms of investors and consumers. The vast majority of cryptocurrency now is in the hands of investors who are looking for gains on their investments (expectation that cryptocurrency in the future will be largely comprised of consumers). Consumers are concerned with the utility that the currency offers.
Pay close attention to the development team's roadmap to anticipate what any given cryptocurrency will offer in the future. When crypto currency adoption is an order of magnitude greater than it is today, which cryptocurrency will be better positioned to provide the features consumers will want? Not only fast and inexpensive transactions, but vast decentralization, strong security, privacy and fungibility, the ability to apply terms and conditions to transactions, financial independence, and the opportunity for everyone to participate regardless of social class or status. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 01:54:44
Totally agree. LTC is slow and steady. It fluctuates, and occasionally has a big move. Much fewer downward moves than upward. When it goes down, it recovers quickly. When it goes up it generally stays there. 
LTC used to move in sync with BTC, but the liquidity in LTC has increased so much in the past few months that it moves much more independently now. Very stable growth.
@_date: 2019-06-19 19:38:11
Permissionless social media, content services, and web access would help Bitcoin more than Libra will. We need more development on decentralized alternatives to FB, Youtube, Google, Etc.
FB will censure pro-bitcoin or anti-libra users. At the very least they will profile such users and be able to identify Libra critics and keep them in check. FB already has too much control.  
Large centrally controlled corporations with so much control of how people use the internet, what sort of speech or content is appropriate allowed, who or what shows up in our search results and sidebars, or how many movies we can watch are huge impediments to Bitcoin adoption. Any central organization with as much control and monitoring of the populace as Facebook are no better than central banks. They have no-incentive at all to help decentralized crypto adoption, and every incentive to squash it.
Looking at you Verizon, AT&amp;T, Google, Comcast...
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:10:26
If you don't believe bitcoin will increase in value you shouldn't be holding it in the first place. Second, it's definitely a risk, but given the history of bitcoin's price gains, it's less risky than financing a car with a high interest rate loan.
@_date: 2019-06-04 15:24:08
Obviously, moon bound feels weightless. You don't know which is up or down but you know you're getting closer every day.
@_date: 2017-11-13 15:42:16
I mostly agree with this comment when redditors give this response to new crypto investors. 1) It's always true not to invest more than you can afford to loose. Just like gambling. 2) Although the crypto market is hugely speculative, I wouldn't say it it's 'pure' speculation. Those of us who have been in crypto a while and studied how it works and why it's revolutionary, can see a future dominated by crypto. If you invest in crypto, you are certainly speculating a lot. But if you believe in it (and you should, especially once you really dig into understanding it), it's more like an educated guess. The odds of being right are significantly greater than the odds of being wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:36:04
Exactly. So what if someone tells you today that BTC will be worth $73,000 one year from now?
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:54:21
Cryptocurrency in general and Bitcoin specifically is valuable because people attribute value to it. The whole idea that something must have valuable intrinsic properties to have actual value is ridiculous. What intrinsic properties of a $100 bill make it worth $100?
Bitcoin possesses a unique combination of characteristics of other monetary instruments which makes it superior. Here are some qualities that give bitcoin value.
1) Scarcity is only one important factor that gives it value. 
2) It's ephimeral. It's non-physical nature makes it seem fake to people who call it a fraud or a ponzi scheme. In fact, the non-physical nature of Bitcoin is another property that gives it value, because no one actually hold or keeps bitcoin in their possession, ever. What they do keep is a private key which allows them to control a certain amount of bitcoin. Bitcoin doesn't actually exist anywhere beyond the records in the public ledger we call the blockchain. 
3) The ability to be the sole controlling entity of any amount of wealth simply by knowing or possessing a representation of a discreet cryptographic key is such a powerful concept that's lost on far too many BTC investors right now. Think about it. Is there anything else of value that you "own", which can't be taken away from you by anyone, under any circumstances? Now think about how that concept applies to money. This is probably the single most important characteristic of Bitcoin. This accounts for a majority of it's real value.
4) Strong store of value. The trustless nature of the bitcoin network actually provides a tremendous amount of security.
2) Ease of transacting (it's like emailing cash) no bank, financial institution, or other third party involved. 
3) Transportability, you don't actually have to carry any documents, notes, plastic cards, paper bills, precious metals, etc with you traveling anywhere in the world to have full discretionary control over how it is used anywhere at anytime, just carry your private key.
4) Like cash. Transactions are strictly between two parties. No one else involved. 
5) In the future it will be very inexpensive and fast to transact, thanks to development of 2nd layer off-chain solutions (Not exactly there yet, but it's coming soon) 
6) In the future it will become useful as a currency. It's not so much right now because of the volatility in price and dramatic market speculation as bitcoin is just on the cusp of was adoption. It will get worse before it gets better, but at some point in the future, the market will find an appropriate valuation for bitcoin it will remain stable, at which point people will begin using it for most transactions. Right now it's value is growing far to quickly for it to be much more than a store of value.
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:57:45
Who says they'll even be a "final" peak?
@_date: 2019-04-09 12:57:54
An enormous amount of taxes that most citizens pay to their government are used to pay interest on the national debt. When a nation finally eliminates it's debt to central banks, there will no longer be enormous interest payments to make, and expenditures will be vastly lower which should/will result in lower taxes for citizens.
A government without debt could operate with the same or an even greater level efficiency and public service with far lower taxes on it's citizens.
Edit: wording
@_date: 2019-04-02 00:00:42


Never said I did.


Assume much?
Bitcoin has unique characteristics that allow it to be used in ways that fiat cannot. It can function as digital cash and it has the capability to function exactly the same way as digital fiat today. It can do fiat's job, although it isn't right now, and also extends the functions of what fiat is capable of. Side by side bitcoin's abilities are greater than the abilities of fiat.
So, why do you believe bitcoin will never overcome the fiat network effect, as you put it? 
@_date: 2019-04-01 16:14:06
So in your opinion, BTC is no different than fiat. Correct? 
Aside from the value and distribution of wealth, do you think a largely BTC economy would have any benefit over fiat economy? Do the censorship resistant, borderless, and greater privacy (not private yet, but better than fiat and improving) characteristics of BTC provide any substantial benefit to society?
@_date: 2019-04-04 16:12:38
Whoa... 3.5 hrs? Can we get a TLDR from anyone who's watched it? Or, maybe timestamps for significant segments?
Update: I started to watch with the expectation of skipping through it quickly, but the first few minutes of it sucked me in. I watched every minute of it start to finish.It's a fascinating history lesson going back to money in the Roman empire, all the way through the history of the Rothschild family, the American revolution, Abraham Lincoln and the civil war, WWI, the great depression, Hitler and WWII through the 1980's and early 90's. It was produced in 1995.
It makes a very compelling case for how the worlds governments have been and still are controlled by the central banks to which they are indebted. I don't have the capacity to fact check all of this, but this guy is extremely thorough in detailing influential events and persons through history that may be responsible for the way money is created from nothing, and economies controlled by banks through debt.
I wonder where this guy is today, and what his perspective is on the last 25 years, particularly what he thinks of Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-04-01 18:51:34


@_date: 2019-04-10 18:30:38
Very good documentary
@_date: 2018-11-04 03:47:27
Try acquiring an infinite amount or even a modestly large amount of energy in any form. Every form of energy we have access to is expensive to harness in any way. 
Go ahead. Show me any form of energy that I can collect in a useful way, infinitely, and without enormous expense. 
@_date: 2019-01-01 21:55:08
Scenario D: They pay the ransom, and the hacker group still releases the documents anyway.
@_date: 2019-01-02 17:07:55
How does individuals taking possession of their own crypto equal a scam?
@_date: 2019-01-03 22:25:19
While it's true that the mathematical security of bitcoin makes it strongest link in your security chain, it also puts all the pressure on the weakest link in that chain. How exactly do you secure your hardware wallet and your backup seed?
Never underestimate the power of the $5 wrench attack.
Edit: There are plenty of people who do not want to be on that forbes list, and actually take measures to avoid it.
@_date: 2019-01-02 17:28:52
yeah... still not a scam. 
No more food for you troll.
@_date: 2019-01-04 18:04:35


@_date: 2018-11-19 16:37:19
Still psychological. Most people in Bitcoin right now are looking to someone else for trading cues. I don't believe there are too many people in the market who are fully comfortable with their own knowledge of the "crypto situation". If a few whales start selling, regardless of the reason, others will think those whales know more than they actually do and follow suit.
@_date: 2019-01-02 19:20:02
Since Bitcoin and other decentralized cryptos are ultimately a vehicle for individuals to take absolute control of their own wealth, to "be their own bank", we are necessarily forfeiting the security of any third party custodian. With great power comes great responsibility.
However, can a good case be made for a third party custodial service strictly for security in the event of catastrophe? Is it even possible for such a third party to exist without sacrificing the primary tenet of trustless money? 
I realize there are some creative use cases for multisig as a way to spread out the risk of loosing a single private key, but as far as I know, all such uses involve some counter party risk.
Obviously it's best for an individual to maintain tight control and security over their private keys. And there are "best practices" for doing so. But even if you've followed all best practices you still risk, however unlikely, an unforeseen catastrophic event that could suddenly and without warning annihilate you.
Not really worried about this risk personally as I'm comfortable with my own security practices. Just thinking out loud. This specific risk could be a big stumbling block for future adopters who aren't comfortable taking 100% of the responsibility. 
Anyone have any thoughts about mitigating the risk of being the sole party in charge of your own security?
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:22:57
Physical cash is disappearing. In the near future, you won't be able to buy a stamp with cash. And institutional control of your money is a lot farther from your own influence than you might want to believe. 
Soon, every transaction you make will go through a system controlled by a financial entity and regulated by a government agency. The opportunity for those actually in control of your money to take advantage of that control is already great and will become much greater. 
I understand that many people are simply comfortable allowing these institutions to take responsibility for their money. I mean it really does take a lot more effort and conscious willful action to accept absolute control. But many people understand that taking that responsibility gives them a tremendous advantage in practically every financial situation. 
It's not going to be worth it to everyone, but it will be to enough for Bitcoin to succeed IMHO. Once you recognize how powerful sole control over your own wealth is, it feels irresponsible to entrust that control to parties whose interests may not align with yours. 
@_date: 2019-01-08 02:59:13
() Backward
@_date: 2019-01-04 15:50:56
Many rich people don't want to be known. I can't find a source right now, but I'm pretty sure that Forbes often honors requests from billionaires wishing to be excluded from their list.
Google "stealth wealth" and "invisible rich".
@_date: 2019-01-15 15:16:30
Silver, platinum, rhodium, other precious metals?
It's not the asset class that determines supply, but rather the economy that collectively decides that ONE particular asset is the standard.
The supply of bitcoin will not be diluted because copies are created any more than the supply of gold is diluted by silver. In fact it's much more difficult to identify fake gold than fake bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-20 19:57:48
Not less than $20K
@_date: 2019-01-09 21:13:15
Awesome! Glad to see this option available for those of us who take privacy seriously, and with a very fair exchange rate. Hope these ATMs and policies spread wide and far.
@_date: 2018-02-22 22:57:05
It doesn't need to generate interest. It deflates.
@_date: 2018-02-24 23:18:48
It's unclear what you're trying to say here, but I'll take stab at it. 
I think you're implying that all cryptocurrencies with similar properties to bitcoin could be considered as a single "cryptocurrency market", to which my point about financial self-sovereignty would apply.
Not exactly. Bitcoin has reached a level of network strength that isn't present in other cryptocurrencies, so although the same concept of financial self-sovereignty can be applied to other cryptocurrencies, the network support for most of those altcoins can't offer anywhere near the value that Bitcoin can. If you hold bitcoin today, it's practically a certainty that it will still be a valuable asset in 10, 20 or 50 years. Bitcoin has reached the tipping point where it's network support is nearly impossible to vanish. The price of Bitcoin is another issue entirely, but whether 1BTC = $1,000,000 or $1 in 20 years, you will still hold wealth in assets that you alone have control of. And although $1,000,000 and $1 are both extremes, I'd bet closer to the side of $1,000,000 than $1.
@_date: 2019-01-02 20:39:10
We should be moving away from centralized exchanges anyway.
Perhaps reduced liquidity and increased market manipulation will highlight the need for decentralized exchanges in the wake of the POK movement.
@_date: 2019-01-15 15:27:01
But you can create fake gold, (good enough to fool many people), and no one knows with any high degree of certainty that the natural supply of gold won't continue to grow indefinitely.
The bitcoin supply is mathematically limited with absolute certainty. No amount of forks, shitcoins, or other copies can ever change that.
@_date: 2019-01-08 18:21:30
What's the roadmap for Bitcoin look like wrt privacy features, and what priority do the core devs place on such developments?
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:24:48


@_date: 2019-01-07 15:26:47
Many people posting Bitcoin ATMs locations.
I'd be very interested to see some additional info about these machines. Specifically, the exchange rate premium fee, and the KYC/AML policies.
Where can I buy Bitcoin without ID, photo, phone number, etc.?
@_date: 2019-01-09 17:37:17
What's their KYC/AML policy?
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:07:12
The event that eventually stabilizes BTC/USD could be USD hyperinflation. Whatever USD price BTC is at when/if USD hyperinflation really gets going might just be where it finally finds it's price stability.
@_date: 2019-01-22 14:05:23
What influence will an ETF have on the eventual possibility of the Fed to recognize Bitcoin as a legal currency?
@_date: 2018-11-12 23:00:50
While I agree with your analysis in general and you make some excellent points that may well apply from the perspective of traditional financial markets. You may be underestimating the true market for BTC.
By nature and by design, the market for BTC should ultimately include a much larger portion of the global economy. Traditional financial markets are rather exclusive. Investors in traditional markets have earned their way in due to wealth, affluence or institutional association. 
BTC is accessible to a much wider segment of potential investors. Anyone with basic network access and a meager purse can participate. I think we've already seen that much of the market cap for BTC is held by investors outside of traditional markets.
Although BTC is often compared to Gold and indeed shares many of it's attributes, BTC is unlike any asset that has ever existed. It's intangible, permissionless and decentralized yet highly secure. It's uniqueness must be factored in to broader market analyses.
When you take into account factors related to the nature and uniqueness of BTC as an asset, I think it's not hard to realize that traditional financial markets are ultimately only a subset of the BTC market.
After all, Bitcoin has a history of diverging from highly regarded expectations. 
@_date: 2019-01-22 14:23:10
Bitcoin is still scarce no matter the forks. There will always be no more than 21M bitcoin. The fact that some forks have been able to take a bit of market share with them is a phenomenon due to cryptocurrency's youth, people just don't fully understand what it is yet. Once it matures and people have a better grasp of what cryptocurrency represents, forks and new coins will have much less impact on the market for any specific coin. 
Forks will never change the finite amount of bitcoin, but in this early stage they do confuse people.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:16:49
My belief is that BTC will eventually reach a scale of adoption where it's value will fluctuate much less wildly than it does today. When that happens the rate of deflation will be comparable to the rate of fiat inflation (USD) today, and a low rate of inflation or deflation will have approximately the same effect on spending. So, in the long run, if BTC reaches some degree of global ubiquity, it will function very well as a currency with no more incentive to hoard it than there is incentive to spend today's inflationary currencies.
Another thing to consider is that if the deflationary aspect of BTC were strong enough to prevent its use as a currency, then people would soon realize that its valuation is too high since that can't reasonably spend it without fear of losing money in the near-term. Who wants to hold an asset that they can't use (assuming currency is its primary use case) and which they believe will lose value because they think everyone may feel the same way? In that case, as people begin to worry about the value of BTC, they'll spend it or trade it away until it's value does fall. At some point, its value will match what the market considers a reasonable valuation for the balance between spending and saving. It's not likely to be worth a trillion dollars per BTC, but it's also not likely to be worth less than one dollar. There is a reasonable value for BTC somewhere in the middle. The market just hasn't found it yet, largely because it's market is far from complete right now. When adoption finally reaches its greatest level, the market will find it's equilibrium and even though it will always retain some degree of deflationary value, the balance between it's buying power and its rate of deflation will allow it to be an effective currency.
EDIT: Food for thought. If inflation encourages spending in today's economy (which it does), then what mechanism encourages saving today? So, in a deflationary economy, deflation will encourage saving and the reciprocal of today's saving mechanism will encourage spending. What is that mechanism?
@_date: 2019-01-02 22:28:57
Fair enough. Agreed.
However, there are a few non-centralized exchange fiat on-ramps, LBTC, Bisq. These have their shortcomings to be sure, and aren't nearly large enough to make up for centralized exchange liquidity, but I hope to one day see a majority of crypto trading taking place in some decentralized manner.
@_date: 2018-02-23 16:08:46
An awesome feature for the mobile app would be the ability to create an on-device hot wallet where I could transfer a small amount of "spending money" that could be carried around and used without requiring the Ledger device to be plugged in.
@_date: 2019-01-03 15:04:57
Thanks for the offer, and Happy Birthday Bitcoin!
I got into bitcoin a little over two years ago, sub $1k, continued to grow my holdings throughout the great peak of 2017, diversified a minority of those holdings into a couple of alts that share bitcoin's principals, but have never cashed out to fiat.
I guess I was one of the lucky ones. The true meaning of what Bitcoin represents to the world was obvious to me right away. Despite being relatively new to Bitcoin at the time, I never once considered cashing out. It's actually hard for me to relate to those who see Bitcoin strictly as a fiat investment. I've never regretted not selling during the 2017 peak. Even $20k is cheap for bitcoin over the long term.
I'm so excited about all the LN activity now. I can actually feel the bitcoin-as-a-currency phase rushing toward us.
@_date: 2018-03-13 03:31:18
Don't you think that if a deflationary currency like bitcoin every reached a critical mass of adoption, and it's volatility stabilized significantly such that it's rate of deflation remained stable between 1% to 2% annually (just speculating for the sake of argument), that people would be just as willing to use that money in similar ways as they do today, just with the opposite incentives for spending and saving. 
You'd save because the currency is deflationary, but you'd spend for your cost of living just the same because it's a necessity. And rather than hoard your money, you'd invest in things that offered better returns than the rate you'd get from deflation.
Whereas today people spend because their money is inflationary, and save money through investing in bonds and low interest-bearing savings accounts.
@_date: 2018-02-23 16:13:22
It'd be awesome if the mobile app lets you set up an on-device hot wallet for transferring small amounts of spending money to your phone.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:19:34
If one organization owned 90%, the remaining 10% would circulate in the economy. 
The fact the crypto is highly divisible unlike traditional currencies means that 10% could still be valued as highly as necessary to support the economy. The price of Bitcoin could go up to $10,000 per satoshi and 10% would be go a very long way in the economy.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:58:28
Financial self-sovereignty.
@_date: 2017-09-18 14:53:42
Someone looking to control bitcoin would not attempt to own 100%. Maybe not even 90%, but there is a ratio where it makes sense that a single majority holder could control the value of what remains in circulation.
@_date: 2019-01-10 17:24:53
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:10:00
Anything below $1000? Can I just feed cash into the machine and get a QR code for my bitcoin? No phone? No "pose for a photo"? No DL scan?
@_date: 2017-09-18 15:59:05
Exactly. I would expect an organization bent on controlling Bitcoin by owning as much as possible, would use thousands if not millions of addresses to manage their holdings. Maybe even making it extremely difficult to follow by continually swapping coins between existing and new addresses.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:09:15
I agree the price would rise rapidly. But if it was done in way that wasn't evident that a single entity or a few cooperating entities were buying, the large central banks could easily afford to pay the price for at least several years, I would think. Especially if the buying campaign included a major FUD campaign like JP Morgan seems to be doing.
Maybe I'm being naive. I'm just honestly trying to wrap my head around such a scenario.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:15:50
I didn't say it doesn't encourage spending. It absolutely does. And deflation will encourage saving.
My point is that inflation at a relatively low rate doesn't prevent fiat from being a viable currency. Deflation at a similarly low rate will also not prevent Bitcoin from becoming a viable currency.
If Bitcoin were just like every other currency that's ever existed, I'd agree with you about the unlikeness of it ever reaching a high enough saturation to overcome its present volatility. But Bitcoin is different. Bitcoin can be transacted electronically without any trusted intermediaries. The value of that characteristic can't be understated. People want absolute control of their money. They don't want to be subject to the fees, restrictions, regulations, and whims of governments and financial institutions having power over their money. Bitcoin offers that degree of total control, and that's the quality that will be the ultimate driving force in its adoption. 
Right now the market is almost entirely composed of investors and speculators. When people stop looking at cryptocurrencies as a way to get rich and start looking at them as a way to gain absolute control of their wealth, we will see unstoppable growth in adoption.
@_date: 2017-09-18 14:37:54
I actually agree with you. But for the sake of discussion I'm playing devil's advocate.
Is it unreasonable to think that the Ultra wealthy elite Rothschild's or a cooperation between central banks would easily have enough capital to buy well over 10% and possibly over 50%, even if the price skyrockets, if it was done in a clandestine and strategic way? 
A single entity could easily appear to be many thousands of traders buying bitcoin on exchanges, over the course of several years, gradually reducing the supply. The increase in price could be countered to some extent by massive FUD attacks and campaigns to scare the majority of uninformed investors into believing it's all a bubble that will collapse at any minute. Scared investors will sell at lower prices. The "collector" would appear to be just dumb traders buying into the bubble.
Even an unprecedented enormous cost of such an operation may actually be deemed feasible if Bitcoin is perceived to be the great equalizer and disrupter of the status quo that we believe it will be.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:24:21
It is to some. And gradually as those who value financial self-sovereignty adopt Bitcoin, it will become more stable. As it stabilizes, it will reach more people's threshold for acceptance who will adopt it for the same reason. Might take a while, but eventually ...snowball effect.
@_date: 2017-09-18 15:25:04


Very interesting. Thanks!
I'm not sure the same situation would apply to globalist organization operating outside of legal regulations. Especially, if the organization were able to keep their majority ownership secret.
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:04:10
Fundamentals? None.
What fundamentals justify the value of a US dollar?
Bitcoin isn't a company to invest in. In fact, it shouldn't be considered an investment at all. It's a way to have absolute control over your own wealth.
@_date: 2017-09-18 15:33:16
But how long would it take the market to realize it was being manipulated if the manipulator(s) acted strategically like ordinary traders and if it wasn't even clear that a majority holder existed? 
Until there's proof, it would be a conspiracy theory.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:06:48
Exactly. They are scared of bitcoin because it takes money out of the system they are so invested in. 
Any traditional financial institution that implements their own proprietary cryptocurrency, based on blockchain technology or something else, will still be centralized and proprietary. They are ignoring or at least downplaying the very characteristic that makes Bitcoin so unique and valuable, decentralized and trustless peer-to-peer trade.
@_date: 2018-11-20 23:46:47
@_date: 2017-09-18 00:33:27
I'm not convinced it's impossible. Seems pretty unlikely, but plausible to me.
The supply of bitcoin has been limited all along and the price hasn't gone infinite. In fact, even in the best most dramatic case that bitcoin becomes the one and only world currency a single bitcoin would never be worth more than 1/21,000,000 of the global economy. Still damn high, but not infinite.
It's unlikely we'll see the price go so high in the next 5 years that acquisition of somewhere near 90% of all bitcoin supply by a determined effort by world financial leaders would be unattainable. Especially if they were simply bought and gradually removed from exchanges in a way that appeared to be normal trading activity and not an obvious attempt to hoard all Bitcoins.
Does anyone know, or have a good estimation of how much of the current supply of Bitcoin is available for purchase across all exchanges now? If some party had enough funds and was truly determined, they could simply place buy orders on exchanges for rates much higher than the going rate. They would be able to snatch up quiet a large amount of Bitcoin quickly if for example they put up buy orders for hundreds of thousands of Bitcoins at twice the going rate. Sure the price would go sky high very quickly, and that example is a bad strategy, but it could put some financier in a powerful position even if they only collected 10% of the total supply.
I'm not arguing for or against such a possibility, only hypothetically discussing if and how such a possibility could happen and how it would affect the economy. Could such a move, successfully pulled off, prevent Bitcoin from achieving it's goal of delivering financial independence for individuals? Or would it be a good way for the elite pullers of strings to retain control?
@_date: 2018-02-22 22:40:22


Not everything:
- Electronic Transactions (without involving 3rd party financial institutions), instantly, and across borders
- Store and carry very large amounts safely and securely
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:20:34
I believe you're being a bit naive to think that a majority of people would avoid taxation if their currency is totally anonymous. Certainly many will, but as u/s1gmoid said most of us kinda like having the services and systems that taxes pay for. I'm not foolish enough to expect people to simply line up and donate, but to presume that the income tax system we use now is the only, or even the best way to collect taxes is very narrow thinking.
I don't think anyone can say with certainty how taxes will be collected in a post fiat world with perfectly fungible and anonymous cryptocurrency economy, but there are other ways to fairly fund public services. Income tax as we know it today is quiet flawed, and a proper tax reform could be implemented that's simpler and fairly distributed without surveilling every penny traded between every citizen. I'm not saying I have the answer to such tax reform, but I absolutely know that it's possible. Perhaps the cryptocurrency movement will be the welcome impetus for a major tax reform.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:54:38
Bitcoin won't always have such a high return.
Eventually, Bitcoin adoption will reach a point of saturation where it's value will stabilize relative to fiat. At that point, Bitcoin's rate of deflation will become comparable to the rate of fiat inflation now. 
Inflation doesn't cause people to spend their fiat as quickly as possible any more than a similar rate of deflation will cause people to hoard their Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-18 14:49:17
By design, miners will produce less and less. Once it nears 21,000,000 there will be no more.
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:38:18
Well, you apparently don't understand why a decentralized network is vastly different from a centralized bank. Can you carry very large amounts of paper cash, or gold, or any other physical monetary token safely across borders? Can you carry very large amounts without the help of a financial institution? It's silly to compare the bitcoin network to any centralized third-party service. It's literally why Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are so radically different from all fiat.
The point is that Bitcoin (and many other cryptocurrencies) DOES offer unique properties unavailable in ANY other currency. Being the ability to transact electronically with another party directly through a non-discriminatory, trustless network. Anyone can participate without requiring approval or identity verification. Transactions can be made to anyone in any amount without the scrutiny of the mechanism (Bitcoin network or third-party financial institution) facilitating the transaction.
You are correct that there is no recourse for transaction mistakes. Bitcoin requires it's users to take full responsibility for their wealth. Banks will take some of that burden for you if you're worried about things like fraud. That's why many people may be a lot more comfortable in the fiat banking system. That is an advantage of the banking system, but it doesn't negate the advantage of a borderless, censorship-resistant, pseudonymous, non-exclusionary transaction network. Anyone can participate, with any amount of funds, transact with anyone they choose, for any reason, as long as they are willing to take full responsibility for their own wealth.
It offers the tremendous virtue of total financial sovereignty to everyone. You can't say this about any other currency.
@_date: 2017-09-18 14:47:21
This is the answer that I agree with most.
The only question though is, how long could it be kept secret that a single entity owns that 90%, and it's not just being hodled by a majority of users?
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:32:04
I'm not an economist, but the finite amount of bitcoin is very different than a finite amount of fiat currency (if one existed). Fiat is only very coarsely divisible. Bitcoin at present is divisible up to 8 decimal places and a trivial software update could increase that divisibility.
The value one bitcoin can rise to an astronomical level, and it's smallest unit can still be subdivided. The same can't be said for any fiat currency.
If we were ever to see a single satoshi become more valuable than the smallest desired payment, a software update could simply take it on out to 12 decimal places, or 24, or 1000. All 21M bitcoin that will ever be in existence could reasonable represent all global wealth and still be traded in units equal to a fraction of a penny.
@_date: 2017-09-18 14:21:02


Not all at once. Slowly and strategically over a period of a few years. It would simply create a price increase as the supply dropped due to what would appear to be the market progressively moving toward a "hodl" mentality.
Even if the price became unreasonably high to the point that the collecting organization could no longer afford it, they may still gain as much as 50% of the total supply. How much control could they have over the bitcoin economy with 50%? Even 20%?
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:32:04
I think this might be true for many people who are only holding very small amounts of bitcoin. Lots of folks have either held bitcoin long enough to realize substantial profits, or recently purchased enough to feel comfortable with, who are willing to actually utilize it to make purchases they would otherwise use a credit card for.
Granted there are lots of holders today, but over time as the "bitcoin wealthy" begin spending, it will find it's way into the hands of new bitcoin adopters who will gradually use it for purchases as well. Rinse and repeat until the distribution is more even, the price is less volatile, and bitcoin-as-a-currency is an undeniable thing.
@_date: 2018-07-09 15:06:42
It's projects like this that motivate me to participate more and more in the crypto economy. Can't wait to see how this matures!
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:39:25
Bitcoin's value is way too volatile right now for it to function well as a currency. This is because it has yet to see mass adoption. Once mass adoption has occurred and the majority of people hold some amount of bitcoin, the price will level off. Then it can realize it's full potential as a currency. And once that happens, it won't matter how many dollars, or euros, or bolivars you can exchange a bitcoin for because all the goods and services you buy will be priced in bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-21 23:11:32
That's an interesting point about inflation and keeping the economy moving. However, I'm not convinced a fixed supply currency would cause the economy to grind to a halt. 
1) Once mass adoption has occurs the value should become relatively stable.
2) By the time (1) happens, I'm certain a few very smart economists and technologists will be able to implement alternative solutions to stimulate spending with a fixed currency supply.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:24:25
Everyone, it seems, who contemplates the value of bitcoin and concludes that its volatility makes it a poor store of value, is using fiat as a benchmark of stability.
You can't accurately assess the value of bitcoin without realizing that fiat is not stable either. Certainly, bitcoin is much more volatile right now than the USD (for example), but the long-term vision is one where bitcoin adoption overtakes fiat currencies. Ultimately it will be about as useful to compare Bitcoin to USD as it will to compare Bitcoin to cans of soup.
Bitcoin's volatility will decrease as adoption increases. Even if Bitcoin remain's deflationary overall, the rate of deflation will become small enough to be a minor consideration in its use as a currency, just like the rate of inflation of fiat is a minor consideration in its use as currency now. Otherwise, why not spend your fiat dollars like there's no tomorrow. If the value of fiat is decreasing due to inflation (which it is), then why does anyone have a savings account?
When you really get down to it, the real value of Bitcoin isn't primarily as a currency or a store of value but as a self-sovereign monetary instrument. It's designed to be traded peer-to-peer just like cash, without the involvement of any intermediaries. That is where the greatest value lies.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:39:09
You're missing one assumption. Bitcoin offers it's users (holders or spenders) the ability to conduct their financial affairs directly with one another. Financial self-sovereignty gives Bitcoin a tremendous amount of value that simply doesn't exist in any fiat currency.
Cash only transactions provide this benefit, but only on a very small scale, and that's disappearing. Plus you can't send cash electronically. It won't be long before physical cash will be a thing of the past. Participants in fiat economies will no longer be able to transact without the involvement of intermediaries on any scale. 
@_date: 2018-02-16 23:16:40
Absolutely. If BTC = $1M, then expect to pay 1 to 2 BTC for a lambo.
@_date: 2018-07-09 21:26:31
Assuming this requires the latest firmware. I haven't updated since it was last released due to a number of people reporting problems with it.
I did download and install Ledger Live though. It works, recognizes my device and begins the process of syncing my addresses, but fails with a warning message after all have been synced.
Could it be the firmware? Could it be due to legacy BTC addresses? I'm Hodling, so I can just stick with the Chrome Extensions for now if it's gonna be a hassle to get it working.
@_date: 2017-09-18 17:05:26
The business would be having a controlling interest in Bitcoin such that profits could be made through currency manipulation, exactly the way central banks operate with fiat now.
Since Bitcoin can be divisible to very very tiny sub units, even lower than a satoshi if necessary, the value of whatever percentage is left in circulation could be just as valuable as the entire supply. There's no limit to the value that can be placed on Bitcoin, so someone holding enough of it could simply allow the market to stabilize after some number of years, then begin gradually adding it back into the economy (assuming a Bitcoin dominant economy) to create artificial inflation and therefore an interest rate, which would restore (prop up) the traditional functions of banks, lenders, credit providers, and the debt based economy that makes the central banks wealthy at the expense of everyone else.
Maybe the real questions are, at what percentag ratio does such a scheme become possible? How feasible is the acquisition of a controlling percentage, and can it be attained covertly before it's discovered and it's too late?
For the record, I don't actually believe it's possible, but the idea intrigues me enough to bring up these questions.
@_date: 2018-07-18 20:30:05
Owning crypto means taking responsibility for your own wealth but with that responsibility comes the tremendous benefit of financial self sovereignty. People often overlook how important it is to actually own your own wealth with absolute control regardless which assets that wealth resides in.
Having money in the bank is really an illusion supported by the debit card in your pocket, the paper bank statement you receive each month in the mail, and the balance displayed on your device screen. This illusion is possible because of widely accepted trust in the banking system. Most of the time, for most people it works satisfactorily, but when it doesn't work, the illusion breaks down and all of your wealth is at risk.
Taking responsibility for your own wealth by holding and securing private crypto keys is indeed a big scary deal when you've got a lot on the line, but it isn't hard to do if you're careful to follow good practices. Holding your own keys may involve more responsibility than putting your money in a bank account or on an exchange, but it's totally worth it when you consider the illusion of security offered by the traditional banking system vs the actual security of a strong decentralized trustless cryptographic network.
Be confident! Be careful! Be Free!
Seize your keys! 
@_date: 2018-07-18 19:44:35
The Chrome app never has access to your private key. That's why the ledger has a small screen and buttons (unlike a USB stick). When the Chrome app requests a transaction signature from your ledger, you must use the Ledger device to confirm. The Ledger then uses your private key to sign the transaction which is returned to the Chrome app. Your private key never leaves the Ledger.
Even the various crypto apps you install directly onto the Ledger can't access the private key. The private key is stored in a special isolated chip in the device which you must interact with through the device buttons in order to confirm transactions.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:51:31
I mean if you own bitcoin, no one can control what you do with it but you. The same can't be said for any fiat currency, except physical cash and that's a very limited case. Bitcoin can be transacted in any amount and electronically. Bitcoin owners can exercise absolute control over their wealth.
Right now, Bitcoin is not a viable currency, but enough people recognize that potential that markets do already exist for transacting with bitcoin for the same products and services where fiat presently dominates. 
I don't expect it to always be this unstable. There are enough optimistic (some may say naive) Bitcoin users that see the future of cryptocurrency the same way. Adoption will continue, and the more it does, the more stable it will become, and the more people will want to join. Rinse and repeat until its adoption is great enough that stability will no longer be an obstacle to transacting effectively as a currency. 
You can be optimistic or pessimistic about Bitcoin's potential. But you're being unrealistic if you don't recognize the value of self-sovereignty in a monetary instrument like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-24 19:44:16
Honestly, who's grandparents are buying bitcoin? Unless they're pretty tech savy grandparents, and probably then only as an investment to hand down to their grandchildren.
@_date: 2017-10-23 20:38:49
This checks out.
1 BTC (October 2016 = approx $600)
1 BTC (October 2017 = approx $6,000)
1 BTC (January 2017 = approx $1,000)
1 BTC (January 2018 ? approx $10,000)
@_date: 2018-07-18 19:49:59
Exactly this!
@_date: 2017-05-16 19:56:39
I totally agree with almost everything you said here. 
I don't think I'm falling for any kind of propaganda. The points laustcuzz made about second layer services with less or nonexistent decentralization while the main chain is only usable by big movers gives me reason to be concerned. LN hasn't been proven to work in a fully decentralized way at large scale. Perhaps it will. Idk. I don't care about Satoshi's vision. Frankly I'm tired of hearing that argument. I do care that the btw network remains fully decentralized. 
I don't trust the miners to have as much power as BU would give them. I'm still pro-segwit now with block size increase later, but segwit opens the gate for second layer services and I want to be sure that whichever layer 2 solution LN or other is just as decentralized as bitcoin is now. A majority adoption on a second layer service without good decentralization would give too much control to such a service. Am I wrong? 
@_date: 2018-04-18 22:30:04
@_date: 2018-04-07 20:17:02
Spoken like a true speculator. There of two kinds of people buying Bitcoin. 1) Those who understand the technology and more importantly understand what it represents. 2) Those who view it strictly as an investment.
Class 1 people don't care so much what it's worth now or in the near future. They know that one day it will be an incredibly important monetary instrument, and if they get on board now, they will have a head start when it finally realizes it's true potential.
Class 2 people only care if they can trade back out of bitcoin to fiat for a profit. They don't care about Bitcoin's role in our future economy. It doesn't matter because to them it's just an exciting new type of asset. This crazy roller coaster is just an excellent place to make money. 
@_date: 2017-05-16 18:15:20
I've always been a segwit supporter, however this is the best defense I've read so far in support of BU, the big block faction, and segwit opposition in general.
I can't say this has changed my mind, but I feel like I've got a better perspective on the other side of the argument. I think bitcoin will be fine as a settlement layer as long as (and this is very important) the second layer solutions are implemented in an equally decentralized way as bitcoin. I'm not certain that can reasonable happen. And if second layer solutions such as LN can be implemented in a very decentralized way, will another layer 2 solution come along with more centralization and better adoption?
Bitcoin does actually need second layer transaction services, but it is paramount that they remain decentralized for the health of bitcoin. Mass adoption of a centralized or weakly decentralized technology pegged to bitcoin would totally undermine everything that makes bitcoin great now.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:13:20
Nice to see reason prevail in our judicial system.
@_date: 2017-07-20 15:51:00
[Collective Unconscious](


I think the Moon qualifies as a universal symbol.
@_date: 2017-05-31 16:51:12
We don't have to divulge bitcoin addresses YET. But I can easily see crypto asset addresses being required on future tax returns.
Besides, I can't expect the IRS to simply take my word for it when it comes to capital gains tax. If I were to be audited, they would expect to see some proof which would almost necessarily include bitcoin addresses. 
Also, capital gains are realized when we trade one cryptocurrency for another (as I understand, IANAL). So if we never cash out to fiat, how do we pay the capital gains tax AND keep our addresses private?
I'm not comfortable with the seemingly inevitable idea that at some point, the IRS will demand to be informed of all our cryptocurrency accounts. As world finance becomes increasingly crypto centric, how else can the IRS (or any governing regulatory agency) verify that taxpayers are being honest? When we keep our wealth in privately owned accounts, and conduct a significant or even majority of financial transactions in crypto, the only way for any agency to hold us accountable will be for them to independently verify our transactions, and how can they do that without knowing our crypto addresses?
@_date: 2017-07-17 17:18:59
@_date: 2017-07-29 23:02:19
*cough*cough* China *cough* Bitmain *cough*cough*cough*
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:33:05
Exactly. Im not taking sides here, both have their own legitimate characteristics that make them unique coins. They aren't the same and that's the point.
BCH should just embrace it's identity and stop deriding the BTC community. BCH isn't BTC. 
BCH could grow and evolve into the cryptocurrency it strives to be if it could just accept that it isn't BTC, start ignoring it's oppontents, and focus it's efforts into development and honest marketing/promotion.
@_date: 2017-07-20 20:55:33
Just what kind of shenanigans could Bitmain pull after essentially ensuring segwit activation? They'll have to signal on bit 1 after the BIP91 locks in, right?
Could he be planning to fork to Bitcoin ABC regardless?
@_date: 2017-05-07 06:24:46
BTC is being crushed beneath it's own weight right now. With such a huge market cap and so many heavily invested players, it simple can't move. Consensus is so difficult to reach because everyone involved has so much at stake.
The alt coins are learning from BTC's problems right now and evolving while they are still small and nimble enough to easily reach consensus. When an altcoin gains enough market share to have the transaction volume that BTC has now, they will have already addressed the issues that BTC has struggled with. 
BTC may be king for now, but don't be so sure it'll stay there.
@_date: 2017-07-29 23:04:45
Indeed. Perhaps a surreptitious China Bitmain relationship???
@_date: 2017-07-20 02:27:21
Yes. Re-read it. You're right. Good point.
I think I'm just not viewing crypto from the same perspective. To me I'm not buying into it to capitalize on the market. Not trying to make a profit (although as you point out, that's a good reason for an auditor). Believe it or not, I'm not actually looking to make money. I foresee a future where dollars don't matter and getting in early just might be incredibly advantageous. 
I'm buying crypto because I believe it will have value one day as a currency in it's own right. It won't matter how many dollars you trade a bitcoin for. It'll matter how many cars you can trade a bitcoin for, how many plane tickets you can trade a bitcoin for or how many satoshi you can trade for a meal in a nice restaurant.
@_date: 2017-07-20 22:15:11
But how can Bitmain benefit from such a split?
@_date: 2017-07-11 16:16:56
Regulate your mother if you want regulate
@_date: 2019-05-09 18:43:18
When are you expecting the next big bull run?
@_date: 2017-07-20 00:05:56
I totally get that. If i was a stock trader, I'd look at crypto just the same. An opportunity to play the market and make some money. In that case I'd be perfectly comfortable declaring my crypto and paying the taxes since I would consider a source of revenue. I'd buy in, hopefully make a profit, and cash out. Who cares what your crypto addresses are if you cash out to fiat in the end. The addresses don't represent anything other than your trading activity, then they are disposable.
On the other hand, I view my crypto holdings (as meger as they are) a long term hold. I haven't invested money that I need to make a living with. I plan on holding for at least ten years, and hopefully acquire more as time goes by. From my perspective I'm looking at it as if cryptocurrencies will eventually supplant fiat all together. Say in 10 years time, I haven't moved any of my crypto and it's gone up in value some ginormous% (optimism). At that point I'd rather not have to be concerned when a catastrophic economic collapse is devastating our government and I'm on their list of people holding some significant wealth, just because I thoughtlessly provided details of my crypto holdings ten years prior. 
Call me naive, but I believe in personal sovereignty and the right to personal privacy. Although I'd like to be one of the wealthiest people in America, I'd NEVER want to be on Forbes list. 
To clarify, I'm not trying to keep any stock info from the government. I'm only concerned with the crypto space because it is not under the umbrella of the government or central banks or any financial institution. Cryptocurrency is unique because it is unregulated and uncontrolled. It offers freedoms that people have never had before, ever. The freedom to be 100% responsible for your own financial security. No one can step in and make decisions about your money without your cooperation. I'm not interested in hiding wealth for tax reasons at all. I would however like to be able to verify my gains and losses for tax purposes without the need to compromise my privacy by proving a claim with addresses on the block chain. 
There's not a solution to this dilemma yet, but hopefully one day a technology similar to what Zcash uses will be applied to most or all cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-07-19 22:38:35


Actually I have owned stocks which were gifted to me. Only a very small amount whose value eventually went to zero. I reported around $20 dividends each year until they became worthless. Never got into the stock market though, so yeah.


Of course I know the IRS is not stupid. But by reporting capital gains on cryptocurrencies, you are thereby exposing your participation in cryptocurrencies irregardless of any taxes you may or may not owe. 


Come on now. Desire for privacy ...cute? I admit my personality tends toward paranoid at times, but I don't believe it's anyone else's business to know exactly what I own or how much or who I trade it with or what I trade it for. If you're happy to provide the government with all the information they need to keep you under their thumb, that's fine. Go for it. Privacy is however a serious matter, and a fundamental part of what makes cryptocurrencies such a powerful and disruptive technology. Privacy is a personal liberty. It shouldn't be considered a privilege or a poker chip to be traded away for conveniences. It's a right worth fighting for. Not really cute.
Actually, I appreciate your tax advice. If I must declare ownership of cryptocurrency then so be it. I have no intention of breaking the law. 
The real crux of my post is trying to get to the bottom of the privacy issue. This is a question that's been bothering me for a while. The IRS is just the primary government agency that beginning to demand details about cryptocurrency holdings and transactions. Homeland security and the TSA are also questioning people about cryptocurrencies at the border too, so there's that. 
How long before we have a specific IRS tax form requiring a list of all crypto addresses we control? 
Will the census bureau, FEMA or law enforcement begin collecting details about US citizen's crypto addresses and transactions?
I assume the NSA is already in on this, but when will other government agencies track our crypto transactions, connect identities, and simply watch us for suspicious behaviour.
Once your crypto transactions are recorded in a government database, connected with your identity, and cross referenced with all of the other data collected about you by your ISP, Google, and so many others who are scrabbling right now to build a profile of you for marketing, surveillance or background checking purposes. You might as well just start tweeting every one of your personal and professional financial transactions. 
If we don't take privacy seriously now. It could be too late in a few years.
@_date: 2017-05-16 21:26:10
I can't claim to know the details of how LN achieves it's level of decentralization. At some point I think we all have to trust someone. I prefer to dig as deep as I can without devoting my entire life to the research. But, I don't think LN is 100% decentralized (the same argument can be made for BTC itself since 100% of participants don't run full nodes), and I've heard it argued that at very large scales LN begins to loose some decentralization. Anyone with a clearer understanding, please chime in.
Rootstock otoh will begin 100% centralized and the plan is to slowly disseminate control toward less centralization. I'm not certain how this will work either, but I doubt it will ever be fully decentralized.
It's a good point you made about non-full node wallets too. It's impractical for every user to run a full node and users who don't have to trust a third party to validate transactions. The bottom line is really all about trust anyway. Trust that your money is yours alone. Trust that your account balance and personal information can remain private or disclosed only with your explicit consent. Trust that no-one else can impose their agenda or ideology on your property. You must take full responsibility of your own information and the transactions you make. 
I want a BTC network that upholds personal truth and absolute trust above all else. I don't want to wonder if this or that third party could change the rules. The system must remain so distributed that no single player or group of players can leverage the system to their advantage.
@_date: 2017-07-20 02:43:32
That's outrageous! How can this not be a scam?
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:42:56
Best crypto ad since Obama called it a Swiss Bank Account in your pocket!
@_date: 2018-12-19 22:04:02
What about people that don't have/can't get a bank account? What about privacy?
@_date: 2019-05-28 03:12:30
Mostly just instructions on using a block explorer, and coin tumblers. 
Block explorers don't tell me anything about how the coins have been used. Companies like Chainalysis are able to correlate addresses with sources like gambling and dark web sites. I don't have that level of insight.
Obviously I can take precautions such as tumbling, or swapping coins back and forth between wallets a few times.
I'm still left with these questions.
How can I as an individual without a professional service like Chainalysis tell how "clean" my coins are?
And, what can I expect to happen if I deposit tainted coins to an exchange like Coinbase?
@_date: 2019-05-24 18:59:30
Bitcoin is the base asset. Lightning transactions will be the currency.
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:26:15
Did you even read this? These statistics do not include anyone under 15. The article literally qualifies the statistics with the word "adults" multiple times.
\&gt; Bitcoin was never for the unbanked anyway.
Totally disagree. The banking and financial systems of the world are quiet exclusionary. People without bank accounts still need to transact with currency. The requirements to participate in an economy with decentralized digital currency are far lower than entering the highly regulated banking system. 
Decentralized cryptocurrency can improve the lives of these unbanked and underbanked people.
@_date: 2017-06-09 15:18:25
The original question was about altcoins being destined to experience the same growing pains as BTC once they scale to the same size. 
1) If LTC reaches BTC market cap, the hashrate will follow. There's no situation where LTC has 30x it's present market cap but the same hashrate of today.
2) LTC and other alts have had the luxury of learning from BTC's mistakes. They aren't likely to repeat them.
@_date: 2018-12-19 16:44:08
I'm not trying to press a reset button. I'm trying to suggest how a crypto economy might be kickstarted as a secondary economic network.
For the record I never suggested that we completely ignore the **very important** crypto to fiat exchange rate. Only that, as a group of people who believe in the principals of financial self sovereignty and the ability of a decentralized, unforgeable, absolutely supply limited currency to create such an economy, fiat exchange rate can be treated as less important within a strictly crypto micro economy of like minded people.
Another example. If I have a bicycle that I want to sell at a value of about $100 USD, I might post a listing for it today (BTC = $3700) for .027 BTC. Unless the USD value of BTC fluctuated greater than maybe 30% over say 2 weeks, I'd be happy to leave the listing at .027 BTC. I might lose some fiat value, I might gain some fiat value, but I'm less interested in fiat because I have faith that BTC is better money in the long term. Over time it would balance out, and I'm ok with a certain amount of risk of losing. Also remember I'm only talking about having a "risk acceptable" amount of my wealth in a BTC micro economy. For now, I'd still rely primarily on fiat for income and cost of living expenses. 
If two weeks go by and the USD value of BTC has changed significantly, I'd revise my listing to reflect that change. But I wouldn't constantly be concerned about making sure my asking price could be converted to $100 USD. I would not revise my asking price every 2 hours, or even daily. More likely I'd reconsider on a weekly or monthly basis. I'm less interested in exchange rate to fiat than I am in growing my BTC holdings and being able to transact directly in BTC.
I'd be participating in a crypto economy in parallel with the fiat economy at a ratio where the risk is acceptable to me personally, just like every other participant should be doing. It really doesn't make any difference to me how other crypto economy participants manage their valuation, but if their prices are tightly coupled to fiat it would limit my motivation to transact with them. Crypto is not the standard yet, and it's too volatile to go "all-in" right now. But the long term trend is crypto growth (my opinion), and I'm looking forward to placing more and more faith and risk into the crypto side of my economic activities as time goes by and the fiat value of crypto slowly becomes more stable regardless of whether it's stable at 1 BTC = $5 or 1 BTC = $500,000.
@_date: 2017-06-08 20:48:54
An unfortunate factor in these crypto markets right now is all the investors who know absolutely nothing about the technology underlying these coins. I'd guess a very large percentage of BTC investment probably thinks BTC and ETH are basically just different brands of the exact same thing (Nike and Adidas). 
The reality is BTC and ETH really shouldn't be viewed as competitors at all. Same with most alts. Some like BTC and LTC are very similar, others are vastly different ETH, XRP.
Investors don't want to take the time to learn the very basics behind all cryptocurrencies. Public key cryptography, how security is derived, how miners build the blockchain and what their incentives are, centralization vs decentralization. The very basic concepts you should understand when buying crypto. Not to mention all the nuances like privacy and anonymity, block size, pow, transaction protocols, multi-sig addresses, side chains, smart contracts, etc. etc. They just see how explosive the market is and want in.
@_date: 2018-12-20 17:34:32
Wish I could give you more upvotes
@_date: 2017-06-19 20:01:44
You never actually have bitcoin ON anything. 
The whole idiocy of this bill is that bitcoin/cryptocurrency never actually resides in a physical location. They are literally on the blockchain, which exists in duplicate on computers all over the world. 
The only thing you ever actually have are the keys to an address. Keys can be moved anywhere in the world without needing to carry anything across a border. 
Just mail the private key from your origin to your destination via encrypted usb drive. All you have to do is remember the password for the usb drive.
Better still, encrypt your private key with a strong memorable password and post it in a comment to some random forum. You carry nothing but a password in you mind.
@_date: 2018-12-20 18:07:43
A dead cat is a brief bounce directly after steep climb. Bitcoin has not been in a steep climb for a year. This is not a dead cat.
@_date: 2017-06-09 16:40:35
It's not about the tech. It's about policy. 
Doesn't matter if it was an exact clone of bitcoin. Bitcoin paved the way for all altcoins. Having the advantage of learning from bitcoin's struggle, alts can choose to address the same issues differently. 
In my opinion, litecoin already has taken a different path. They made the choice to implement scaling solutions long before they will ever need them. Whether they chose the right scaling solution or not remains to be seen, but they have addressed that same issue in a different manner as a matter of policy.
@_date: 2018-12-19 20:00:42
Noise. Meet signal.
@_date: 2018-12-25 23:49:57
*The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks*
@_date: 2018-12-20 16:09:33
@_date: 2018-12-19 20:10:31
Duh! Doesn't matter. This is why banks suck! My money. My decision. Screw bank limits!
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:06:03
You're still comparing crypto value to fiat. I totally understand you're reasoning and it's completely valid. Fiat, especially USD, is still the base that everything is compared against. It's nearly impossible to avoid.
The point I'm trying to make is about decoupling the two and basing value of crypto on things more practical than fiat exchange rate.
For example: Say you and I are neighbors. We both use crypto and belong to the same small group of crypto users in our community. You mention to me that you need your yard cut and I offer to provide the service. You have a small yard and I can do it in about an hour. If we were talking in terms of fiat I might do the job for $40. But if we're talking crypto, I might offer to do it for .002 BTC (about $6.40 today). I wouldn't trade an hour of time out of my normal workweek when I could be making more money, but I'd probably consider .002 BTC more valuable than an hour on a Saturday afternoon when I'd otherwise just be loafing around. Plus your a good neighbor. Only a couple of house down on my street. It's a good deal for both of us.
A couple of weeks later I run into you at our local watering hole. The bar accepts our crypto because the bar owner is a hodler and doesn't mind accepting .0002 BTC (about .64 cents today) instead of the normal $2.50 fiat he charges for a beer.
Maybe we have a few beers and start making silly wagers. I lose a bet and owe you a beer .0002 BTC is no big deal. Easy peasy.
Now maybe you're a plumber and the bar owner needs to replace a broken sink. You might ordinarily do the job for $600 fiat, but since you're both participants in the same crypto economy you can offer to do it for .04 BTC (about $128 today) because it's convenient and you like getting cheap beer. Assuming we're all using lighting network the fees are inconsequential. The transaction is instant and totally secure. Sure you could do the job for $600 fiat and he'd probably pay it, but if you wanted more crypto you'd have to deposit the payment in a bank account, transfer to an exchange, make a trade and transfer back to your wallet. You'd pay more in fees and a lot more in time. It'd be less convenient and you might realize how much you appreciate remaining in a crypto economy. So maybe it's worth it to you. This little example is now full circle. Next weekend, maybe I'll cut your grass again.
There are trade offs to be sure, but within a small community, a micro economic network of crypto users would enjoy a much greater sense of financial power and slef sovereignty, convenience, closer community, and maybe even a greater willingness to trade within this community which would translate into economic growth for our micro crypto economy. Just imagine any number of other participants and the places we can spend our crypto and the services we can exchange become greater and greater. Think garage sales, cafes, car wash, handy man services, the local hardware shop and the guy you need to install a new water heater, maybe you can strike up a deal with a car salesman and save a thousand dollars on a decent used car, or sell your good condition washer and dryer to a local guy with a pickup truck after you upgrade to a new set, and on and on.
There are a lot of factors to consider when valuing a crypto transaction within such a closed economy beyond an exchange rate with a currency which you might begin to use less and less.
@_date: 2018-12-14 15:51:11


It certainly wouldn't be perfect. As long as fiat exists there will be disparity between economic networks.


Only if the price difference was small and acceptable given the tradeoff of the convenience of staying in the crypto economy. Instant, private, and secure transactions vs handing your money over to multiple third parties for their approval, their larger fees, and an extend time (days) for conversion.


I wouldn't expect anyone to remain willfully ignorant of the coexisting fiat economy. But the advantages of using crypto might outweigh small price differences in micro economies.
I admit it's not ideal, but it's a starting point.
@_date: 2018-12-21 17:57:12
The majority of people without a bank account live in relative poverty. It's not because they abused the system or steal.
@_date: 2018-12-14 14:33:20
I think some are misunderstanding the intent of my post though. I know this is not really possible. I said at the beginning that it's unrealistic. You're comment about hopium just hits it right on the nose.
The point I'm trying to make is admittedly idealistic, but it really is what bitcoin is ultimately aiming to become and even though it's not possible in the vast majority of cases right now, there do exist small pockets or micro communities of bitcoin enthusiasts who can begin at this level right now. For sure the value of btc against fiat will be an important factor for a long long time, even in micro economies. But I do think micro economies and small bitcoin communities will be somewhat more immune to the influence of exchange rates.
My dream is that people get excited enough to use bitcoin without too much concern for exchange rate, that such communities pop up, grow and begin connecting with one another.
What can I say? I'm a hopeless optimist who still has a passion for what bitcoin can become. Not just a wild speculative asset for making investors "fiat" rich, but a monetary instrument that cuts out the middlemen and rightfully gives individuals absolute and pure control of their own money.
@_date: 2018-12-19 20:51:57
Carry all your cash on you and you risk arbitrary civil asset forfeiture at a random traffic stop. Cops can legally just take your briefcase full of cash and you have very little legal recourse. At best you'd have to have an attorney and wait weeks before even having a chance to recover it.
Crypto solves both these problems! Fuck fiat!
@_date: 2018-12-13 22:42:06
Your example is not a closed crypto economy. This actually illustrates why I think bitcoin mass adoption should begin with micro economies. Large companies like Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts have to consider crypto to fiat conversion because they are only willing to receive bitcoin, not spend it. If Starbucks could turn around and purchase cups from their supplier in bitcoin, and that supplier could use those proceeds to pay their employees in bitcoin, and so fourth it could work. But those businesses are already too large with too many fiat based financial relationships.
Smaller businesses and individuals can connect with one another in a closed micro bitcoin economy. Many such closed micro economies would gradually connect with one another and over time this would enable larger and larger businesses to participate. As the products and services available within such a closed economy grew to include more diverse products and services, eventually franchise food services and paper cups suppliers could justify participation without exit to fiat.
Even a closed bitcoin economy with an incomplete availability of products and services would work for a larger company as a secondary economic network if the company operated with economic duality such as a fiat network for certain products and services and a crypto network for other products and services. It doesn't have to be all or nothing.
@_date: 2019-05-09 18:31:20
To further your point about dis-incentives being small, or conversely negative incentives being trivial, here's another example. Environmentally friendly products and services. People will gladly pay a few more dollars on a product that was produced using "green" technology, or recycled materials, or from a company the actively invests in the environment, or builds schools in third world countries, or they give shoes to needy kids (Tom's shoes), because they feel like they are doing the right thing, making the world a better place. If a product is marketed as being environmentally friendly, or "not tested on animals", or whatever socio-cultural virtue is popular, they will gladly pay a bit more for it because it gives them a sense that they are doing the "right" thing.
Same applies to running a node. If you care about Bitcoin and the health of the decentralized network, many people will gladly pay a few dollars to run one. Not because you get any direct or even measurable benefit from it, but because it makes you feel good about your contribution, no matter how small, to "the cause". If the cost of running a node rises, fewer people will be willing to do so, and the network becomes less centralized and less secure.
@_date: 2018-12-14 15:00:39
You're right about how a natural exchange rate will exist as long as products and services are available for both currencies. On a micro scale, and with smaller values, I think the hassle of conversion can be an important factor.
If you must use a bank and an exchange and wait for days to trade one currency for the other, and pay larger fees on top of that, and you're giving these third parties permission to scrutinize, accept or deny your transaction, that's a huge drawback compared to the instant, private and secure transaction of remaining in a strictly crypto economy. Sure the same convenience can be had with cash fiat, but only in face to face transactions. Paper cash and coins aren't digital and have limitations compared to crypto.
I also agree with you about using the stability of a pegged coin. Tether looks good on the surface, but you'd be hard pressed to find many people that can't see through that scam. If it were possible to create a strictly decentralized crypto pegged to fiat, it'd be like a holy grail. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 00:06:40
Steganography would be a cool solution, but what I intended in my comment was to simply use something like PGP to encrypt your wallets actual private key and address. 
Use a good strong password, long and containing mixed case and alternate characters, but something that you can still remember. Commit it to memory, test it repeatedly to practice and reinforce memorization. 
Then just find some random relatively obscure corner of the internet where people are talking about their houseplants or something. Post a relevant comment "What a beautiful philodendron, blah blah blah", and include the encrypted text below your signature. 
It might go a long time before anyone gives the encrypted text a second thought. But even after someone recognizes that it represents some encrypted data, they'll have no idea what it means, and the strong password should keep it very safe.