@_author: gragle
@_date: 2014-04-13 06:15:41
to be frank, your visual vocabulary is so weak that you actually missed the fact that the logo contains both isometric projection 3d "blocks" as well as two links of a "chain".
but, alas, you hail from miami. judging from the atrocious architecture i always assumed every south floridian was near sighted.
funny enough the logo also resembles a pair of spectacles. maybe you should pick up a pair yourself?
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:11:50
Where do your rights to private property come from?
BTW, you're not going to find a very balanced response to your questions related to the social contract between citizens and government in this forum. I would recommend at least finding someone, perhaps a local historian or constitutional lawyer, with a more moderate and experienced viewpoint and to ask them the same questions.
@_date: 2014-05-11 03:16:21
The problem is not with the lobbyists. They will work for anyone who can pay. You're picking the wrong battles to fight.
DarkWallet and OpenBazaar will always be available but will never appeal to the majority public. 
If the majority public doesn't care or side with Bitcoin then lobbyists must be hired to sway representatives.
The majority public can be swayed with better marketing.
Bitcoin adoption will suffer without lobbyists or better marketing.
@_date: 2014-05-06 14:09:14
This forum is filled with people who either are or act as children.
You can't expect them to be able to understand and empathize with people who aren't basically exactly like themselves.
This isn't a forum filled with brilliant businessmen, artists and marketers. It is filled with seedy arrogant assholes who trust no one and expect everyone to think and act like they do.
They don't realize that women exist at all or that UFC might somehow be offensive to the majority of the population.
In essence, if BtC adoption was left up to the masterbating clowns on Reddit, it would get nowhere.
You're all lucky as fuck that big named VCs and financial institutions are getting involved. You're all gonna whine like the little schoolboys you are as it happens, but in the end, if you ever do grow in to adulthood, you'll thank your lucky stars that compassionate and empathetic people got involved and helped Bitcoin grown the fuck up.
@_date: 2014-05-11 03:43:54
Yeah, and you're not properly answering the question of "if governments banning bitcoin is good for bitcoin".
Your answer of "because some rich guy who wrote a book says so" is not incredibly persuasive to the people who haven't read that book.
Some autistic assholes living in whatever video game legal simulation they call reality would call this a "logical fallacy" and give it some name like an "appeal to authority". 
I just call it piss-poor rhetoric.
I'm going to guess that you couldn't provide an answer because the question, when properly phrased, points out the complete absurdity of refusing to engage with either the majority public or the existing authority structures.
The idea that technology alone and not group consensus will lead to social change is equally absurd.
That the technology in question is ALL ABOUT GROUP FUCKING CONSENSUS lends a lovely amount of irony to the discussion. It is democratic. Democracies are well studied and well practiced. Perhaps you should study them some more in order to gain more insight in to them. You'll find that lobbying is a logical byproduct of representative systems. 
If your argument is that Bitcoin will lead us away from representative systems you'll find that in practice people PREFER and ALLOW for representative systems of democracy because they would rather not think about government at all and just get on with their lives.
Even with Bitvoting systems there will be vote pooling, ie, a group giving their right to vote to a representative. As soon as there are representatives there will be people trying to win the votes by either organized public lobbying, disorganized private bribes, or organized public marketing and advertising.
If you take issue with democracy in favor of some sort of anarchistic system of government with no voting, no laws, no judiciary, well, fuck you. Have fun on Shithead Island with the rest of the shitheads.
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:59:16
That's a very uncreative and defeatist position to take.
So is the suggestion that people should switch to Android.
There is no reason why this exact app, complete with the smooth touch interface, could not be developed as a mobile web application that would work fine on iOS, Android and Windows Phone.
Maybe instead of bitching about Apple you could start building it?
Maybe instead of demonizing a company and in turn all of the people who love their products you could empathize with their decision to buy Apple products and figure out a way to create something that serves their needs instead of just your own?
@_date: 2014-04-20 15:38:31
The proble has never been middle men, that is, market makers or insurers. The problem has been middle men with state sponsorship or those supported by rent-seeking legislature.
People are always going to be willing to pay a little bit up front to have other people help them spread out their risk.
@_date: 2014-04-12 22:23:54
If this is a product that relies on creating bitcoin transactions, ie, a wallet, it is going to cost you quite a bit.
This space is incredibly new. There are very few developers out there who are familiar with the technical details of Bitcoin. There is very little documentation. There are no Dummies Guides or O'Reilly books. This is brand new tech and the kind of developer who can deal with the amount of unknowns is not your run-of-the-mill web monkey bashing out PHP for $60/hr.
A very basic bitcoin wallet web application is going to take at least 3-4 weeks of development time. This is probably going to cost you about $20-30k. This will probably be an application that does very little more than just basic sending of transactions and checking balances.
Unless you have an extensive track record with starting and running technology companies you're going to have a very hard time getting someone to partner up with you, ie, work for free for equity.
What exactly do you have to offer? Experience? Money? Connections?
If it's just "the idea", well, I hate to say it buddy, but that doesn't mean jack shit.
@_date: 2014-04-13 15:59:36
only to piss-poor critics.
i'll never attack a creator.
i even thought about my response and threw in a few puns about his username. i do apologize to the rest of south florida. i once owned a timeshare in hollywood beach. it was quite pleasant.
i only really hate those who partake in ignorant forms of criticism.
the best response to something that you don't like is to make something better or at least offer constructive criticism.
@_date: 2014-05-05 18:32:21
The basic idea of using wallet addresses for identification is solid.
This implementation with QR Codes and Android phones will never see mass adoption.