@_author: grammalvsu
@_date: 2012-09-13 03:49:17
oh my god please don't follow losermcfail's advice!  bitcoin is completely untested and experimental.   a bug could be discovered and the value could crash to 0 tomorrow.  or people could just gradually lose interest as they realize that it's not actually really all that much more convenient than  regular money, except when being used for illicit activities.  i'm a big fan of bitcoin, and nearly obsessed with the concept, but this could happen.  you don't want to put any significant portion of your wealth into something this new.  furthermore, it's easily stolen by hackers, due to its anonymous properties.  IMO you can put up to 5% of your wealth in bitcoins, max, but that's only after you've developed a  good system for keeping your bitcoins OFFLINE, where they cannot be accessed by the BTC thieving worm.   Remember to create multiple copies as well, in case you lose one.  5% in gold and silver each is also ok.  Responsible and experienced financial advisers will give you this same advice.  Gold/silver are incredibly volatile.  They have been up this high before in the 80s (in real dollars), before crashing back down 90% to their long-term historical average price levels.  I'm almost certain that will happen again at some point, the only question is when.  Also, the long-term return of gold/silver pales in comparison with that of stocks, and even bonds.  If you're young, and I'm guessing you are, open an account at Vanguard and add money to Vanguard Total Stock on a regular basis.  Do not be concerned if it goes up or down in the short-term.  In the long-term, which you are investing, it will almost assuredly go up (better chance than with any other asset class anyway).  For short-term money (that you need within a few years), just keep in your bank account, or in a bond fund if it's a significant amount.   An easy way to invest in gold and silver, are the ETFs, GLD and SLV, respectively, btw.
@_date: 2012-09-13 14:38:28
everyone's hopping on the gold wagon because it's done well recently, but stocks are a far far better long-term investment
