@_author: grandyogi
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:14:08
This is just playing with numbers, but if you want to calculate the percentage gain required for any asset to regain its former heights, use the following formula: 1/(NEW_VALUE/OLD_VALUE)-1.
This means that anything which drops 50% from say $20,000, has to gain (1/(10000/20000)-1) = 100%.
If it drops further to $5,000, then the required percentage gain expands to 300% and so on.
Basic maths, but once you've dropped from the heights, it can suddenly be a long climb back to the top. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:45:12
I meant that I have tried to disprove my hypothesis that Bitcoin represents a speculative bubble. I (think I) understand the potential value of a distributed ledger, smart contracts, and the immutability of Bitcoin itself.
It’s designed to be analogous to gold, yet people keep comparing it fiat currencies. It has no inherent value other than what people who hold Bitcoin determine it to be. 
I’m sure that the huge investments in mining infrastructure and the innovation to reduce transaction costs will eventually create value, although with a significant lag and in unpredictable ways.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:36:20
It is hard to learn from experience other than your own. I think the main reason I have not been sucked into Bitcoin is that I lost a reasonable amount of money in the dotcom crash. 
You're out, and my only advice would be, stay out. In future, stay out of anything you don't understand, and don't risk anything you cannot afford to lose. I don't understand Bitcoin, and the more I read, the less I understand. 
One of the other side effects of getting burned by a bubble bursting is that it will make you irrationally risk averse. Allow yourself to take on risks in future, as long as you do it for the right reasons. Don't make the mistake to try and remove risk entirely, that is counterproductive. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:55:20
Security. What does security mean in your opinion if government crack downs and exchange are irrelevant? 
Value. Why is something valuable because it is trustless and without central authority? How does 'Math' make it valuable, ELI5, please?
Scarcity. Lots of things are scarce. What is the evidence that more and more people are using Bitcoin, as opposed to simply trading them on exchanges? 
Relevance. You're making unfounded claims in the section, but please provide evidence, or logical arguments for why you think Bitcoin will remain relevant.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:49:44
You can create as good (or bad) returns for yourself on any budget. 
As a starting point, before investing anything, ensure that your income exceeds your expenses (this seems obvious, but many do not live by this rule).
For the vast majority of people, ‘investing’ would be better thought of as improving the their personal financial situation.
Only buy what you need. When buying what you need, get the best deal (two for one, reduced items at the grocery store). 
Don’t go on holidays, don’t go to the movies, don’t eat out, don’t buy anything on credit, especially not cars or electronics.
Once you have created a sustainable financial base, there will usually be attractive investment options available for people with comparatively limited funds. This may pension related, or special tax incentives for savings, employment related investments, etc. 
It should be noted that many people will recommend property investments. While I’m personally a fan of acquiring actual property, this is definitely also an option, and is usually supported by generous tax incentives (any gains on your primary residence is often tax free, depending on where you live) and also enables individuals to leverage any cash with significant debt (mortgage).
Once you have exhausted these options, then you can start to seek other investments, depending on your preferences, and also following your own thorough investigation and taking qualified external advice.
Investing in Crypto would be very long down on the list of things to do to achieve financial independence.
Of course, people have made money from Bitcoin, etc. If all you have is $10k, then spending more than $100-200 on Bitcoin is probably too much already. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:07:57
I think it's possible you're not learning the right lessons from your personal experience
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:17:56
So shiny new crypto is going to disrupt boring old fiat by relying on a fiat currency as a stabile intermediary? Hmmm