@_author: grande_yarbles
@_date: 2018-01-07 05:45:19
Do American banks not offer online banking and apps? 
I live in Thailand and to pay a credit card bill I open my app, enter password, go to bills and enter the amount to pay. For my auto loan instalment the amount is already there so it's even faster. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 09:21:32


Oversight is there to reduce the amount of activity taking place. Remove the oversight and the amount of activity will increase. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 05:06:29


I'm not that guy but I'll offer one. You stress the importance of involvement of 6.5 billion people who have no connection to the world of money. Not sure where you get this statistic from, but if you exclude [newborns and toddlers from the global population]( you're already down to around 6.4 billion already.
Much of the global population already has access to modern monetary systems. I've lived in developing countries for the past 15 years and even in small towns in rural China there are banks. Access to banking is not the issue. The major difference is that credit card penetration is relatively low, due to a lack of proper credit reporting. 
Relatively more transactions take place using cash but that's not necessarily a bad thing. In the US not having a bank account is unthinkable- a handicap to operating in society. So one is forced to use banks with their fees, penalties, and whatnot. It may hinder the ability for people to conduct international transactions, but the vast majority of people in developing countries never have such a need.
You're offering a solution to a problem that doesn't exist.


There's a significant flipside to the lack of oversight- fraud, theft, criminal activity, laundering, extreme volatility. The former makes it increasingly more probably that bitcoin usage will be regulated/taxed and the latter makes it prohibitive for most business transactions.


You mentioned this more that once, but are people ignoring the price? Not at all. Much of the demand for bitcoin comes from speculation. If people were truly confident about the future of bitcoin then there's be no need for hype and downvoting/ignoring criticism. 