@_author: grandaha
@_date: 2017-09-09 10:21:01
Oh but they would.  Not all employers would have the courage to do it but the large ones would, and for those that didn't you would be forced to face the practical reality of no raises, and an environment where if you lost your job you may not, in fact probably would not, be able to find one that paid as well as your old one did let alone better. 
Even in your own example, stagnant wages coupled with unemployment and/or casualisation is in effect a net drop in wages.  If I tell you I am going to still pay you the same amount per hour, but now I can only have you come in for 35 hours per week, I have just essentially cut your wages.
So long story short, owing debt in a deflationary currency, particularly an aggressively deflationary one (as BTC will be for a long time), is a very bad idea - for the lender too by the way. 
One other thing, even under more inflationary fiat currencies wages do stagnate or occasionally go down but this is rare.  Ordinarily nominal wages increase over time even if real wages remain stagnant as they have for some professions for a long time.  In principle, if we assume real wages are steady, nominal wages will increase over time under an inflationary currency and will decrease over time under a deflationary currency.
edit: typo, and point about inflationary currency and wages.
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:20:07
If the currency is truly deflationary, your wages will naturally decrease over time.  Doesn't help anything.
@_date: 2017-09-08 10:35:12
One other angle, inflation is generally good for debt holders (e.g. a mortgage) whereas deflation can be a crisis.  Imagine you borrowed 10BTC from someone 5 years ago and had to pay it back, with interest, 5 years from now?  Nightmare.  In the grand scheme of things access to useful credit is pretty important.  
@_date: 2019-05-12 12:57:21
This crisis only exists because Congress chooses to have a debt ceiling. The US government can't default on dollar denominated debt unless it chooses to do so, which would be monumentally stupid but is not outside the realm of possibility. 
As long as folks choose to live and pay taxes in the us, the dollar will have value, and the dollar does not need to fail for Bitcoin to succeed.