@_author: graphoto
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:38:37
MtGox doesn't scale horizontally, others exchanges do, so no, they wouldn't fall over (maybe you didn't read what I was saying about them not sharing the same bottlenecks) because for exchanges that scale horizontally, they just have to throw hardware at the problem, done.
I think MtGox chooses to not scale that way because they want to be able to have a stateful transaction DB, for security (since their major 2011 hack), so other exchanges might not be as secure (due to increased exposure) but they also won't have a single point of failure either.
I guarantee one of the projects listed by the OP has access to competent engineers who can deliver a system to modern standards that scales to demand and provides a reasonable level of security but we probably won't find out which until we reduce the footprint of MtGox (on the word of mouth side of things, if nothing else).
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:13:57
That's not accurate at all. First of all, if everyone went somewhere else, then we would distribute the load across the exchanges (and remember all the other exchanges are not going to share the exact same bottlenecks as each other).
@_date: 2013-04-03 10:01:16
Forget the stock exchanges. There are probably hundreds of thousands of systems that do more database transactions than mtGox that didn't take decades to develop and don't have billions of dollars of development.
As far as tech goes, they are not scaling well. They need to alter parts of their application, which is shameful because they have had 2 years where they could have got things done.
Also piping all the traffic through Japan, a country that still uses IPv6 to IPv4 proxies because they ran out of IPv4 addresses before anyone else, is a bad idea. Latency is already a problem if you are in Europe or the US but add to that an extra jump of some of the traffic through a limited proxy plus an application that doesn't scale for the spikes and you have what we have now, a shitty situation.
@_date: 2013-04-03 09:42:12
With bitcoin-24 I just made an account and wired money and waited 6 hours. They didn't need to verify anything.
There is blockchain.info. You can buy a limited amount from them per week (like £500) and they charge silly fees but it is quick and easy. I have had several bad experiences with them, which is understandable as a young company run by people without experience but their lack of responses to support tickets and a few transactions where I was supposed to get x but end up getting less have left a bad taste in my mouth (its actually illegal in the UK to void the sales contract), so I won't be giving them any more of my business ever again but perhaps you have better luck.
@_date: 2013-04-03 10:03:50
To be fair you use free systems every day that eclipse MtGox by orders of magnitude, and they scale perfectly well. Forget the money aspect, this is about input and output of a database and MtGox is still learning how to pull that off with an audience of the current size.
If the audience was to grow significantly (something we all want) then MtGox, a critical part of BitCoin for now) could fail at the first sign of a spike. Its not good for business.
We need pros handling the largest exchange, they need to get their shit together.
@_date: 2013-04-03 09:52:57


Sure they can, and MtGox isn't run off of one server. Their system is modular, so order matching is a different system to the API, which is different to the web site and the databases etc. The problem with MtGox is IT can't scale for the peaks but if Google owned it (or if it was run by engineers) then scaling would not be a problem (but customer service would be, engineers don't do customer service well, ever).