@_author: grasponcrypto
@_date: 2019-03-24 17:21:37
Lol, yeah, my keyboard didn't have it and so I picked the closest. Was not going to waste time trying to find the right one
@_date: 2019-03-24 13:28:07
By then the price would be in ųBTC or something
@_date: 2019-03-24 13:26:32
How hard was it to design the face? Any tutorials you can recommend?  I have not found any that fit my wants and think it's time to just make one. Can another face be used as a starting point or template?
@_date: 2019-05-11 01:54:49
Bitcoin, in my opinion, would never change its encryption formula to prevent ASICS. That would be a killer blow to all of the infrastructure providing security for bitcoin and severely impact the value. It would take the extremist of all catastrophes for the community to agree on that last-resort measure; I only mentioned it because it is a possibility, but a very small one. If that happened, it would not be easy nor cheaper than asic  because the gpu market would not be able to produce cards fast enough for a single entity to 51% on gpu. Their best bet would be to create an asic for the new algorithm than 51 via gpu.
51% attack does NOT give the attacker control of your private keys to steal your bitcoin. It does give the power to reverse blocks (to a certain degree) and reverse transactions in so doing.  As long as you hodl during that period there would be no risk to your bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-13 04:25:54
I think really it would be more of being patient.  51% attack does not give them control over your funds, nor the ability to even mutate your transaction.  The worry would be that they can then control whether or not your transaction ever goes through.  Also, you would not be able to trust 1, 2, or even 3 confirmations because it would be easy enough for them to reverse those.  Each block confirmation, however, is exponentially more difficult to reverse.  So your worry during an attack such as that is you can not trust the tx until many confirmations (how many depends on risk factor, and how much control the attackers have).  This means if you wait for, say, 9 confirmations before you are satisfied that the transaction will not be reversed, you must wait for 90 minutes before considering the tx complete.
All in all, a 51% attack is mostly scary sounding and hyped.  It gives the attacker more control than they should have, but only in the ability to decide what transactions make it onto a block, and the ability to revers blocks made by other miners and thus reversing transactions.  AKA double spends and plain tx reversal.  Really not as scary as it sounds, and highly cost prohibitive (for the solid cryptos - for smaller coins the cost may be significantly cheaper).
@_date: 2019-05-10 18:15:25
That is also just a hardware cost. It does not consider other costs such as electricity (it provided an estimate there), personnel (someone has to set all those miners up), infrastructure (warehouses with enough power footprint to run it all) and I'm sure there are other considerations. Logistics alone would be a nightmare. By the time they got it setup it would likely require more hardware due to growth. 
Also consider how long it would take to get a budget like that approved through any democratic government, and how the requirements would change during that time would be unpredictable.  
On the other hand, I imagine that if you introduced that kind of additional power, it would cause the difficulty to increase to the point of making it unprofitable for many miners, thus causing them to shut down and making it easier to attack.
And finally, a 51% attack is not an immediate botching killer. 51% attack means they could reverse or manipulate SOME blocks. Your bit coin would be safe so long as you don't try to move it during the attack.  I'd imagine the community would move pretty fast to change the functionality enough to render all ASICS useless and we'd be back on gpu for a time being - though that would be nuclear option and fought hard by the big mining companies.
Most likely I'd guess the network would endure the attack and start knocking mining nodes off the network at combating them until the attacker could no longer sustain the attack.
@_date: 2019-05-10 15:40:34
Neat. Why is this important?
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:41:20
Could it be that some stock market exchanges are starting to integrate bitcoin, increasing buys? 
I gotta imagine most will mainly stick with bitcoin as the alts are even more volatile and unpredictable. Plus perhaps concentrating their funds on a single currency would give them more focus and leverage.
If that's the caee, it could also explain why btc is going up while the others sit idly by.