@_author: grathaus
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:22:57
What you aren't grasping is that governments absolutely depend on the ability to inflate their currency in order to fund their programs.  Things like Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, other welfare programs, defense, running the government, etc. are dependent on being able to incur debt.  The ability to incur debt is dependent on the ability to inflate.  The ability to inflate absolutely requires that people have few means of avoiding inflation.  I'll let Alan Greenspan sum it up:
"In the absence of the gold standard, there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value. If there were, the government would have to make its holding illegal, as was done in the case of gold. If everyone decided, for example, to convert all his bank deposits to silver or copper or any other good, and thereafter declined to accept checks as payment for goods, bank deposits would lose their purchasing power and government-created bank credit would be worthless as a claim on goods. The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect themselves."
In other words, you essentially cannot be a "democratic socialist" and be into bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies because they will eventually destroy what you believe in if they gain a foothold.
@_date: 2012-12-05 15:11:42
It's just a standard bitcoin-qt wallet
@_date: 2012-12-05 15:26:21
Thanks for the video link.  Also, I will try the steps you suggested for the bitcoin-qt client.  I think I already tried setting the fee to 0, and it still wouldn't let me do it, but I will try it again....perhaps I missed something.  If it doesn't work then I'll just do the import thing you talked about.
Thanks for the help!
@_date: 2013-03-25 21:45:07
I'm really curious about Ripple but I don't have an account on bitcointalk.org to receive them.
If you are sharing, then please send here:  rDipCwqFwYtSQBvDssuqKzezRA4faeT11P
I will do my part to help grow Ripple as well as bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-01-02 17:53:51
You should use Bitcoin because it facilitates global commerce in a cheap and efficient manner.  If you are a business currently accepting credit cards, why should you accept the risks associated with credit card fraud as well as the high transaction fees?  Bitcoin will allow you to securely accept payments from your customers without having to worry about fraud or issues like PCI compliance.
And if you're worried about exchange rate volatility, then use a service like BitPay that will pay you daily in your currency of choice.