@_author: gray1096
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:43:40
My name is Reilly Satoshi Nakamoto. I am the son of Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto and I am 17 years old (Turning 18 this year). For years my father has mistreated our family, particularly my eldest sister and brother. When we left him in November of 2000 my mother believed she did the right thing...She was right. 
My dad wasn't a good dad, in fact far from it. To quote my distant uncle, "he IS an asshole," and he hardly cared for us. this being evident when my mother was infatuated and blinded with trying to recover their already perished relationship, sometime after the bitcoin incident. (Now I know what you're all thinking, and that's, "She only cared about his fortune" but that's far from it. My side of the family doubted this man was the founder before the Newsweek article was even released.) So when my mother tried to reconcile with our father, she (on behalf of her children) was treated essentially like a business appointment, my father SCHEDULED APPROPRIATE TIMES TO TALK TO HER! This was in the range of Thursdays between some stupid time period! Also when my mother offered to visit him in CA he informed her that she have to pay for the ticket, housing and rental car. The only thing that this article has done is brought ugly scars into the light and torn this family apart at its seams. 
I cannot stress that you not sympathize this man, he's just a terrible father, and a terrible person. He abused my eldest brother and sister, he disregarded my mother, and he has refused to pay child support (Which we are in need of) whilst at least trying to find a job or some sort of unemployed beneficiary to endorse his children. As for the rest of his family goes, I only have good words to describe his brother Tokuo (My uncle Roy) and his mother Akiko (My grandmother) both of whom were very good to us. I cannot even recall others for it's been more than a decade since I've last seen them. 
My mother herself, tries to keep her children afloat being a veteran nurse, but she is spread thin being a single mother, as she has to support five children, my eldest, Ilene being in deep debt from school, my older brother who is autistic, and my sister, youngest brother and I whom are looking to universities to progress our lives.
