@_author: gray_with_an_a
@_date: 2015-06-09 18:17:55
Agreed on all points. It's the means of conduct that is of concern.
Pardon my voiced frustration, but why the fuck aren't we hearing anything like "I see 20 as way too huge, but something like x could give us enough room to breathe and monitor things and to see if the miners would even change their cap from 750k. If the miners and general nodes take to that change well and we end up needing another bump because sidechains/Lightning take too long then we can propose another small bump that the miners and general nodes would also hopefully take to well." x = 2 could very well be too extreme of a counter-proposal to find itself immediately accepted but at least a single step towards compromise would have been proposed instead of just stone-walling.
Instead I'm mostly seeing them bitching about how the other side has been doing a better job of sharing their views to gain more understanding and support, as if that were a legitimate complaint in the first place. Gavin posts too many blog posts? Well then, step the fuck up and post more of your own! I'm on your side but you're doing a shitty job of it!
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:19:17
Just as with the block size limit debate, all of these naïve subreddit suggestions for dynamic mechanisms seem to consistently fail to consider even the most obvious means by which those dynamic mechanisms could be gamed.
You wouldn't even need an adoption surge to cause a spiral. All it would take is for the miners to include in each block at least one transaction (that they generate themselves) with its fee above the current average, slowly dragging the average up. 
Not that I am in favor of the idea, but from an intellectual perspective it would be quite interesting to see how far they could drag the average before it adversely affected usage. A miner-led form of fee market price discovery, as it were. ;)
@_date: 2015-06-11 21:05:51
For a myriad of reasons it is both safer and more flexible to minimize the number of "levers" within the system itself, and to ensure that those levers which must exist are as simple and explicit as possible.
This is clearly one of those situations where engineers can be quickly grouped into the clever versus the wise.
@_date: 2015-06-11 20:13:39
(As an aside: I was not, nor would I be, a person to have proposed using the mean.)
Your reply is great because it shows just how easily holes can be poked in such (naive) dynamic mechanisms. Thanks for helping to drive the point home. ;)
EDIT - Downvoted within four minutes of posting a fairly deep-nested, down-thread comment. Hilarious result for what should be an obvious and non-offensive comment. Good job, guys.
@_date: 2015-06-05 16:49:47
All good points, but don't forget that the system constantly balances so that every million dollars spent mining Bitcoin is spent specifically because it produces slightly more than a million dollars worth of Bitcoin, with the "slightly more" providing the profit incentive for miners, and this will be true until the block subsidy shrinks enough to be overtaken by transaction fees at which point the money spent will instead be balanced against the fees earned.
Consider it as Bitcoin's "proof of burn" as it were, a market-balanced means by which the system converts fiat (and other non-Bitcoin) value into Bitcoin value. This approximate balance is absolutely essential to the process, lest the process be either truly wasteful (by spending more than a million dollars to produce a million dollars worth of Bitcoin) or truly empty and by fiat (by spending far less than a million dollars to produce a million dollars worth of Bitcoin.) Either of the unbalanced options would bring the value of a Bitcoin into great question, even ignoring the fact that the system has been engineered (explicitly or by serendipitous accident) to automatically bring things into this correct balance and avoid the two unbalanced options I mention.
Improvements in power generation and/or in hash generation are great to pursue, of course, but they do not exist in a vacuum. Every improvement in either will cause the mining system to expand to fill the created void, ensuring that roughly a million dollars continues to be burned to produce slightly more than a million dollars worth of Bitcoin. The absolute best that can be done is to make sure that the energy consumed is at least cleaner and more renewable but the process will still burn an amount approaching a million dollars worth.
EDIT - As a thought experiment: Anyone who thinks that Bitcoin mining is too resource-intensive and who also looks down on pre-mined altcoins should think long and hard about their cognitive dissonance.
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:26:20
There's an analogy I've been wanting to draw on this topic for a long time now. There have been so many comments in so many threads that would be great to reply to with this thought of mine, but I frankly never do it because there are just so many comments to choose from to reply to. I'm fed up enough with this now (particularly because it surprises me that no one has presented this kind of analogy, or at least I've missed it in my travels) that I'm going to choose your comment to reply to. :-)
As a Canadian observing from a distance, I could surely write an analogy involving American right-wing obstructionist political behavior which constantly drags the left rightward, but in the interest of a more personal and hopefully more relatable example:
It is almost as if we are overhearing a debate between two spouses about doing renovations on their home.
Spouse A: I strongly feel that we need to spend $20,000 next year on renovations, and need to adjust our budgeting right away.
Spouse B: No.
Spouse A: Here are my reasons why this is really important to me. (Explains in detail.) Can you provide your reasons why we shouldn't?
Spouse B: It's too much too soon. And we might not recover it when we sell. Just no.
Spouse A: Those are valid concerns. Thanks for raising them. What about $10,000 instead?
Spouse B: No.
Spouse A: 8,000?
Spouse B: No.
Spouse A: What might you suggest we do instead?
Spouse B: Nothing.
Spouse A: 4,000?
Spouse B: No.
It honestly doesn't matter nearly as much whether or not Spouse B may be correct. They may very well be in the end. But what really matters is that (as anyone who's been in a long-term relationship knows) this kind of relationship is unhealthy and likely fucked.
Relationships aren't defined by how frequently the easy things go well, as much as people in shitty relationships will try to do so. They're not even truly defined by how the hard things actually turn out in the end, since shit can and does happen. They are defined by _how_ their participants work together during the solving of hard problems, particularly those for which there are perfectly good reasons for each party to hold very different views based on both subjective and objective points. They are defined by their participants efforts to achieve consensus through willing mutual compromise, not strong-arming. This kind of obstructive, compromise-free behavior almost universally signals a relationship that will not end well. Sadly, it usually signals a relationship that is already fucked, because (among numerous other effects) only the obstructionist can ever "win", even if the other participant has valid points that should carry equal weight in such a relationship. Or, as another way of looking at it: a relationship involving an obstructionist is actually not a relationship at all.
Hyperbolic? Yes. But I feel it is an analogy long overdue in being drawn and I frankly care not to write it less hyperbolically. :) I just needed to finally get it off my chest and out there.
Do I hate having written it? Also yes. In the couple of years I've been slowly accumulating Bitcoin with a very, very long-term view on my investment, learning of these relationship issues (as much as I probably can and should have spotted them earlier) has given me the first twinge that I should perhaps reduce my exposure. I won't, most likely, since I would probably be overreacting, but the fact that I'm feeling a twinge at all is interesting in itself, given the other things that happened in the last couple of years without producing a twinge. In life, shit like the goxxing can up and happen, but obstructionist relationship behavior is something that requires an entirely different level of attention and concern.
EDIT - Since it could color what I've written above, here's where I stand on the issue for anyone who wants to know: I'm not expert enough to hold an opinion with weight, but I would like to think that I understand enough of the concerns on both sides that I can see the merit to each.
On the one hand, sidechains, Lightning, etc. are too far out and we are starting to bump up against the cap more frequently. A single kick of the can down the road is attractive from the perspective of setting up some breathing room until those things can become production-ready.
On the other hand, as a professional developer I would prefer to collect real-world evidence before making any changes. As such, when this block size cap has come up in past months and years, my view has been to wait for two or three (preferably three) separate occasions where two or three (preferably three) consecutive full blocks are mined, and I don't want to see this achieved through forceful means like the recently-performed experiment, as much as it was interesting. I want to see the natural outcome, community-wide, from multiple occasions where it happens organically. Only then could we possibly have enough evidence to proceed. Bitcoin is still in a very experimental phase, after all, so let's do the science.
(And since I've not mentioned the (de-)centralization issue yet: it is effectively unsolvable from where we stand. On the one side we can keep the blocks small for the sake of decentralization that would let more people run nodes but force end users off-chain to actually do anything. Just great. /s All the decentralization we could want, but no one could actually use it. On the other side, larger blocks might kick off smaller nodes, but at least more actual usage might be able to stay on-chain. Also just great. /s There is surely a sweet spot, but there is no way to predict it before seeing wider adoption, and even then who would be in a position to judge where the sweet spot should be? Why them? And how would they even tune things to seek it? Etc.)
So, with that ramble all written out it should be clear that I would actually be more on the side of Spouse B, if not for the dysfunctional means by which they are conducting themselves in what should be a relationship of understanding and consensus through mutual compromise.
@_date: 2015-06-09 18:44:44
"But I do not want transactions be forced off chain, due to some attempt at central economic planning"
I know that Bitcoin, with its deep connections to finance, political ideology, combinations of these and more, etc. will always face these differences and struggles. Hence a particular danger of obstructionist behaviors in place of willing compromise. But if there is one thing that really blows my mind about the current obstruction it is that, well, how can I put this...
Even setting aside the other behavioral issues, the hardline ideological stance favoring small blocks is self-contradictory. "Decentralization is so important that as adoption grows we must force everyone toward centralization." It's ludicrous.
Not to mention that the 1MB limit is a magic number. Once magic numbers are involved, these ideological arguments for retaining the 1MB value are, if taken to the extreme, arguments in favour of single-transaction blocks. Equally ludicrous.
@_date: 2015-06-10 13:55:08
I just wanted to pop in to let folks know that I neither expected or wanted my off-the-chest comment to end up hitting the sub front page but here it is.
No analogy is perfect, mine was certainly never intended or expected to be, and it comes as absolutely no surprise that folks in this thread are already missing the point just as they always do when an analogy gets made around these parts.
That all said, I burned hours on this and related topics yesterday and I can't and won't be doing it again today. I may add a reply here or there but will not be around much as I have neither the time nor available energy for it.
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:14:55
I'm right there with ya. My intent was solely to point out that dynamic mechanisms are very alluring to people but full of obvious (and less-obvious) holes that for some reason people don't want to see. A magic number, whether or not from "napkin" math, at least has _less_ (though non-zero) room for gaming both expected and unexpected.
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:58:27
To be honest I've been trying to keep myself from thinking too much about potential power games that might be going on. To feel confident in my own views on such possibilities I would have to read far more of the history than for which I have been able to spare the time thus far.
I'm sure that in the end the decision will seem, in hindsight, like it could have been made vastly more easily. Some of that would be true, and some of that would just be the bias of hindsight. And hopefully those involved will at least have learned of more effective ways to conduct themselves during such consensus-gathering efforts in the future.
Frankly, Bitcoin and its community are lucky that this issue hasn't received wider attention from the outside. To put it somewhat roughly: after all, who in their right mind should trust their wealth to what could be interpreted as a handful of self-selected-and-yet-so-often-in-disagreement uncooperative manchildren. That interpretation would of course be nearly entirely incorrect, _but the wider populace would still be right to make it since that is what we would be revealing to them._ They'd never hear about all the things these guys do agree on, all the things they fight long and hard for _together_, all the great work they get done. The modern media would only go after the scandalous parts and we would all be far worse off for it.
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:29:33
In particular as it relates to the fee markets topic:
There is also the issue, though I am somewhat dreading bringing it up because of the risk presented by doing so, of certain recent "small-blockista" statements being directly and dangerously anti-user.
There are some absolutely fantastic engineers in the world who should never hold any responsibilities I would in a professional situation describe as product management. Just as there are fantastic product managers I would never let near actual engineering.
An engineer's argument can be absolutely qualified and absolutely correct in and of itself, but simultaneously absolutely inappropriate and absolutely irrelevant if the argument runs counter to a users interests. Sadly, any engineer who makes such anti-user arguments repeatedly can and should be pushed further and further away from holding any decision-making authority, and this rightly or wrongly will diminish their authority on issues both with and without direct effect on the end user, such is the bed the engineer makes for themselves.
Why do I bring this up? Simply because it provides a justification for placing less emphasis on the arguments of such engineers. The "big block" proponents are by no means perfect in this regard but they are certainly tripping themselves up less often in this sort of way.
@_date: 2015-06-11 20:24:19
"Also you think"
"You make it seem"
Don't try to speak for me. Take your drivel somewhere else.
@_date: 2015-06-13 18:19:48
Sigh... I dislike most of BTCisGods posts but he is being quite accurate in this case.
The only thing he should have made clearer is that you would not need to lock funds into a channel on every possible hub, rather you need just to lock funds into a channel on one hub and things will work so long as your chosen hub (or hubs but only if you wish) can flow value to your desired recipient's chosen hub (or hubs.) Critically, you will need to lock value up with each of your chosen hub or hubs in advance, just as he said.  
@_date: 2015-06-11 20:41:58
Beyond your mentioning that use of a median would be better than use of a mean (and your point is objectively sound) I don't recall you advocating anything and I certainly made no claim that you did. I have no idea what you keep going on about. Take it somewhere else. 
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:05:51
No worries. I appreciate the gesture. I just have too many things going on today to take part. (As it is, yesterday's productivity lost to this topic became additional work for today.)
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:45:01
I hope so too.
I keep trying to think of what to type next. My mind is a jumble of what is missing, what needs to happen next, the fact that we need a number of things that, once delivered, can simply step past the issue without even "solving it" as such, but rather by making it irrelevant. Questions about who can be incentivized and how it can be engineered so that it aligns the incentives of all parties or at least as many as possible. I'm both directionless and yet feeling full of direction that, as I follow it, ends up circular. We need _everything_, and perhaps at the end of the day that is what makes it so hard to establish consensus on what should happen now or next.
@_date: 2015-06-09 18:21:26
I wasn't at your house, but I've spent enough time in mine. ;)
In all seriousness, neither my wife or I are proposing renos right now, nor are we arguing over some other thing but in a similar way. As such, I don't think I'm projecting too much into the analogy. At least I hope not. ;) I just thought it an apt, while surely imperfect, comparison.
@_date: 2014-07-04 21:59:26
I don't know who the heck would have downvoted you but I've upvoted you.
I always teach folks, especially those less technical, to never click anything in any email, received from anyone, even seemingly a close contact, related to finance, identity, or similar serious subject.
If BTC-e or any other service requires clicking in an email to complete something critical, without providing an alternate method which, for example, allows you to log yourself into their service by hand and then enter a validation code provided in the email (a process which at least gives you a better chance to make sure you are logged into the real service) then the service is broken. Period.
@_date: 2014-09-25 15:04:38
Jesus Christ, why did I have to scroll so far for this.
Everyone is freaking out without understanding that you need to be exposing bash remotely, directly via a shell opened for remote access or indirectly via a service opened for access which then feeds input blindly into local env and/or bash, in order to be vulnerable.
Tip to other readers: No one should be exposing an open shell, and no one should be using software which exposes services that blindly pass unsanitized inputs down into a local system's shell. You almost surely weren't doing either of these things before today and if you were then you were already an idiot.
@_date: 2014-06-11 14:49:16
Keep at it. Just drop any statements about how they'd be guaranteed success at any given hashrate percentage. Those numbers aren't magic, they are just near where _probabilities_ start tipping in your favour. Those probabilities aren't immediate in effect, however:
Someone attempting to "51% attack" (man, we are all going to regret having giving it that name) the network has to not just out-hash everyone, and not just on average. They have to out-_solve_ everyone and they have to do so consistently enough and for long enough that they can generate the longest chain. Only upon acceptance of that chain will their attack actually have succeeded.
An attacker could fluke their way into building a longer chain while holding a much smaller hashrate or, probability being what it is, they could _fail_ to build the longest chain while holding a much larger hashrate. The difference lays only in the probability of success.
Greater than 50% only guarantees success _over infinite time_. If you want an immediate guarantee you are going to need 100% of the hashrate. :) More practically, you are going to need (or at least _want_, so as to address your risk) a pile of hardware waiting in the wings that would have, if deployed, far above 51% of hashrate, and a desire to only pull an attack off once (as you could very well kill Bitcoin in the process.)
How much more hashrate will you need? Ideally, enough to pull off your attack using only two blocks, and not just any two blocks in a row, rather the exact two blocks you need. That means much closer to 100%. Have less hashrate? You're going to have to pull it off over a longer sequence of blocks. Risky.
Why the pile of hardware waiting in the wings?...
If someone already holding a large percentage of hashrate wanted to mask that they were in the midst of performing an attack they would have to keep hashing on the "normal" chain at the same time as they are working behind the scenes on an attack, the generation of which would require an even larger set of hardware. Their only other options would be to drop off the normal chain while they hash for their double spend, or to work on the attack publicly, making a fork visible from very early on. Either would be unmissable for the people who keep an eye on such things.
This is why, aside from experiments and software errors, you are unlikely to see any kind of double-spend other than a) against a zero-confirm-accepting party and/or b) one by someone holding nearly all of the hashrate _and_ wanting to destroy Bitcoin and their investment along with it, since we'd all be fucked if they succeeded in a non-zero-conf double-spend. If there were a c) it would be someone not currently mining but with a huge pile of hardware built up for an attack.
We would never see them coming. They would never be in the charts people are freaking about. And, once they attacked, who knows what the existing ecosystem might do. Hopefully: spot the fork, see that it came from insane amounts of hashrate not seen before on the network, choose some way to roll the network back, eating whatever financial cost is necessary to roll back, and then change software to mitigate that kind of attack in the future.
A number of people are complaining about why the devs aren't addressing these possibilities now, much like they complain about the devs not addressing the 1MB limit. Both complaints are silly. These are complex problems, with complex solutions, and we haven't either a) seen the problems and their effects in practice such that we can design good solutions to them (anyone who might disagree with this would make a shitty software engineer, with that amount of hubris) or b) seen how the ecosystem then _wants_ to respond to them, since the devs are absolutely not in a position to dictate, especially where it comes to mining. We'd have to get there via consensus that includes the miners and that consensus, sadly, can only be considered, let alone reached, while being faced with a giant clusterfuck.
Can someone holding 51% or more affect the network in other ways, eg selectively excluding transactions in their solved blocks? Of course, and they can do this now and with _any_ percentage of hashrate. 51% isn't special here, either.
So, more practically, more positively, and on a more forward-looking basis, what can we do? First, we need to collectively stop freaking out about the number 51. Reddit does, at least. We need to work to keep hashrate as distributed as well as possible, of course, and to encourage pool operators to be as transparent as possible. We need to keep working on improving options like P2Pool, and to educate miners about variance and how opting for low variance centralizes control and in turn puts the value of their own hardware and coins at risk. We need to keep an eye out for behaviors like selective inclusion of transactions in blocks. For double-spend experiments. For out-of-the blue hash power. The community is doing pretty much all of those things, though of course could always do better. The main one that needs more work here on reddit is less freaking out.
@_date: 2014-07-04 03:45:51
It gets better: the poster is the CEO of LiveRail, a company partnered with Brightcove, of which Allaire is Chairman.
@_date: 2014-09-06 17:27:42
If you re-read your own link, you will find that it is not one of the real Nobel prizes. Never has been, but boy do economists ever try hard to convince you that it is.
EDIT - Because I don't want to have this conversation again, yeah, I get that they now hand it out at the same ceremony but that doesn't stop it from being a modern addition that a _bank_ weaseled into the proceedings, complete with their name attached and the rest of the phrasing of the prize title being very specific in that it is distinct from the other Nobel prizes. It is a prize, presented at the same ceremony, in memorial to Nobel. This kind of bolt-on award process happens all of the time and always carries far less weight than the rest of the proceedings. At least, it does when economists, bankers, and their bought-and-paid-for media are not involved. ;)
@_date: 2014-06-16 17:35:57
Hey again. I'm getting in a bit of trouble with wife and baby for being on reddit so much today so forgive the brevity. :)
(Inserted edit: so much for brevity :)
I totally agree with you regarding hostile anti-bitcoin parties. I think they are by far the parties most likely to consider a proper 51% attack if bitcoin threatens them and the risk analysis plays out for them to attack it that way rather than any other option. I think we can only hope that they see there to be far more financial benefits in leveraging the network rather than killing it. 
I feel that the risk of a traditional 51% attack from within the mining community is vanishingly small (except for perhaps those against zero-confirm-accepting targets.) I would be much more concerned about cartel behavior (eg selective tx acceptance) and that doesn't even need 51% to have a visible effect.
On a topic related to cartels that I find more interesting each day, and though it might be best suited to a different thread I might as well mention it here because this conversation has been interesting so far:
I would love to see a forked node or miner (or pool software), perhaps calling the node software BitcoinCoreValues for the sake of conversation :).
It would allow its user, through some kind of configuration and/or scripting mechanism, to perform selective processing.
BitcoinCoreValues might, for example, let a node operator choose to not relay blocks from certain pools or having certain properties, or to not relay transactions tracked back, directly or indirectly, to being from or to certain well-known addresses, and/or having specific properties. 
A miner or pool software version of this might, for example, offer the same capabilities as the node version I described but also, for instance, allow one to ignore building on top of certain people's blocks or blocks with certain properties, e.g. tiny blocks as have been published by certain pools.
It would be interesting to see what kind of configuration/scripting individual node operators might do, as if to embody their personal ethics. Or what might a set of pool miners vote for their pool to do next week, given some collective sense of ethics. What voice might this kind of software give to the community, to the network itself, to the very Blockchain it produces, I wonder?
I got thinking along these lines because of people raising the mining cartel concern. If a cartel can have such a voice, e.g. excluding transactions, might the rest of us not be able to find at least some voice as well, even if small?
Might it have to only be small? What scripts/configs might we share? How much might some of us personalize the rules? Might some notable group of us slow the relaying of transactions relating related to gambling or porn or zero-confirm-accepting parties? If we can't decentralize mining, can we perhaps dull its teeth?
I know this suggestion is a bit antithetical to the origins and nature of bitcoin itself, but if we end up against cartels can we not at least arm ourselves somewhat? I'm not even sure what I think of that just yet, other than that it is interesting.
I'd love to dig into it but wouldn't have the time to look into actual software development for quite some time, I'm afraid. At least not what it would deserve.
@_date: 2014-07-04 21:52:43
It's the one and only patio11! Welcome to the sub, Patrick, and thanks for providing the detailed comment!
@_date: 2014-08-30 15:14:37
Please keep posting these charts in this sub. The comments are a sobering (though painful and saddening to read) barometer of idiocy and could be usefully tracked over time. Folks in the red. Folks butthurt about a bubble not arriving like clockwork. Selective memories that think long-term growth rates only became known recently. "Past performance" and "This time is different" parrots. Complete failures of basic mathematics. Etc. Keep it up!
EDIT: And I know I've hit a nerve when they start downvoting my post history.
@_date: 2014-07-14 03:59:04
I can't speak to the other sources but I can say that CoinDesk has been a bag of steaming shit for ages now. I can't believe people still reference it.
@_date: 2014-09-06 19:51:54
No. If their coins aren't in the order book, contributing depth near the spot price, they are most definitely not adding liquidity. It doesn't matter what else they could have done or could in future do with their coins.
How about a couple of silly examples to make it clear how ridiculous this whole "holding as liquidity" argument is:
"Microwave oven owners are providing liquidity to the used microwave oven market." Obviously wrong, as only those currently offered for sale, and only those seeking to buy, have any role in the liquidity of that market.
"Ferrari owners provide liquidity to the Ferrari market." Well, obviously no. Current bidders and sellers, on the other hand...
Or, to turn things on their ear, but in a way even more directly related to OPs errant thinking:
"The Euro market would be more liquid if it traded at a million US dollars per Euro." Obviously also ridiculous.
Want more liquidity for BTC? Bring more buyers and sellers to the market to compete with another to discover and stabilize price, reduce the spread, provide enough depth to handle large buys and sells with nearly zero slippage, etc. You will notice that the relevance of the price itself, or of it being either high or low, was nowhere to be found in that sentence.
EDIT - Since my comments here seem to already earning some downvotes: I'm not knocking hodling. I am a hodler. I'm just not deluding myself into thinking that hodling provides liquidity. Or that a higher price would automatically (and in isolation of all other factors) increase liquidity.
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:14:35
Since people appear to be down-voting you without at least telling you why:
For these bidders, these coins have an undeniable _extra_ feature in that the seller is the US government. There is no cleaner source of coins short of mining them yourself, and an institutional buyer is not getting into mining.
@_date: 2014-06-11 13:34:43
Gah, not this again. Why do you think that plan has 100% chance of success? Or that 50%, 50.5%, or 51% is some kind of magic number that guarantees an attack and permanent control of the network and every block generated on it?
There are two groups of people, it would seem: those freaking out about 51% and those who have at least some understanding of the protocol. Try to join the latter group.
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:59:01
I really, really wish that was true but, anecdotally at least, I know lots of folks with iPhones and Android phones. Some jailbroken/rooted, others not. Some users more technical, some less. Of the iPhone users only a very small few bother to jailbreak, and those users tend to be more technically-inclined. Of the Android users, far more have rooted their phone and yet far less of those who do are technically-inclined. I would be _far_ more comfortable suggesting a wallet app to the average iOS user than to the average Android user. The Android all-or-nothing app permissions model is a mess and the attitude towards rooting, app installation, device management and security, etc. is way too casual among users.
Just an anecdote of course. :)
(And, lest anyone feel I am just applying selective fanboy memory: my computers  variously run Windows, OSX, and Linux, depending on the machine and use. My devices include both iOS and Android.)
@_date: 2014-05-03 15:57:41
If the community is making a marketing push with "bit" and the like, I am tempted to suggest working up alternates to the square shape. The shape and look of a bar of fine gold, for example. (Google image search with numerous good examples: suisse fine gold)
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:25:51
Looking good, but since no one has said it so far that I can see: keming
@_date: 2014-10-05 19:38:43
It took me a while to truly come to terms with what I'm about to say, and I suspect it will take some time for most others as well:
This time really is different. We are on the backside of the first bubble during which shorting became relatively widely available. Margin longs too, for that matter. This bubble recovery has in turn gone far longer than most previous ones, and it's about to go far deeper than any before. Anyone previously comfortable with the idea of a 90% fall towards the previous ATH is about to have to get comfortable with a much higher percentage. Why? Because the shorters, "poop and scoopers", "scare and buy back", etc. folks can and therefore they will.
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:00:10
I feel like I'm beating my head against a wall, so thanks for the kind reply.
@_date: 2014-09-22 22:41:32
None of the available (and even possible) metrics are even great, let alone perfect, but we should all prefer metrics that are at least somewhat-less fooled by shenanigans like repeatedly shifting coins back and forth between a single owner's controlled addresses. Accounting for coin age between transactions at least helps a bit with that, and seems to be the best option conceived thus far (at least in terms of those of which I am aware.) If you've heard of a better option then by all means chime in with it.
@_date: 2014-06-16 05:52:57
Nope. We need to stop people in their tracks whenever they describe the issue using a word like "voting".
A miner (pool or otherwise) with 51% of the hashrate does not get 51% voting authority and in turn control. They simply have 51% of the _random guessing_ horsepower, qualifying for nowhere near "most of the time."
The entire group of random guessers all guess and guess and guess again until one of them guesses a number with the necessary mathematical properties. That winning guess is discovered, on average, about once every ten minutes and then they all start guessing to satisfy the next block.
A party with 51% of the hashrate can get in proportionally more guesses than the rest of the network, that is all. If they decide to go off on their own they can just keep on guessing and guessing and _eventually_ outrun the rest of the network for long enough that their continuous chain of successful guesses is long enough that they can convince the network to accept their rewrite of history, but there's no guarantee of how fast they can pull it off.
They might fluke out and do it in two blocks (approximately twenty minutes on average, but could be longer or shorter. That's the variability of a guessing game for you.) And they might even do so with far less than 50% of the hashrate!
Or they might hit a bad streak and take years. With 99% of the hashrate. Whoops.
That and people watching for this kind of thing can spot it from a mile away if such an attacker has to pull their hashpower off of the main chain and start trying to rewrite history with their own chain. (Which is one reason among many why you are extremely unlikely to see an attack, let alone a successful one, come from hashpower _already on the network_.)
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:15:18
Sorry but no, still wrong.  At 51% you are only guaranteed to build the longest chain _eventually_.
"Eventually" is unspecified in terms of time. 49% has a proportionately smaller chance of doing it within any _specific_ amount of time. Aside from the proportionately greater hash rate, having greater than 50% only has an added guarantee of being able to do it eventually. 
And since almost all profiles of attacker care about their attack being successful within some given amount of time (otherwise the risk of being spotted in progress or failing for other reasons makes the attack not worth it) the eventuality guarantee provided by greater than 50% is basically irrelevant. They aren't going to throw hash power at a double spend indefinitely. If they want to succeed with any reliability they are, on a practical basis, going to want far more than 50% of hashpower.
They are, after all, going to have to see their first spend confirmed, start mining their own chain while they wait for their target to see enough _additional_ confirmations that their first spend gets accepted, then publish a longer chain that rewrites history all the way back to their first spend. Assuming, let's say, a six block confirmation requirement held by their target, they have to mine at least seven blocks worth of chain while the real network mines five, six versus five if they started before their initial spend was even confirmed once. The joint probability of this alone makes the idea hilarious, totally ignoring that their double spend would be spotted starting in a block they may or may not have mined and ending, history having rewritten as being unspent or respent, as of the seventh block in a row (unlikely as that is) that they just submitted to the network all at once (as obvious as that is.) It's ludicrous when you stop and think about it.
If you want to worry about what bad actors can do with hashpower, worry about very well-funded adversaries from outside of the ecosystem building up and then attacking (to kill) Bitcoin with hashpower the network has never seen before or, more practically, worry about what any big pool (even well below 50%) can do to delay transactions, etc. ala "cartel" type actions already described better by others than I have the time to do here.
EDIT - To be extremely clear, I bloody well get it. They are going to get, on average, every other block. And also on average, they are going to get two blocks in a row some times. But we need to get everyone past this bullshit assumption that 51% is magic instant success. It isn't. Heck, at 51% they are also going to _fail_ to get nearly every other block while they are trying to mine for a double spend, losing the block reward in the process. Their double spend had better be worth it. And with a double spend large enough to be worth trying, when they succeed they fail, since they will be spotted and ostracized, and when they fail they fail. The community can and should be expending its energy on much more likely problems.
@_date: 2014-09-22 19:39:51
A nice attempt but, alas, fruitless without having accounted for coin aging (ala days destroyed.)
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:38:39
One last reply and that's it for me:
If I accept your "in the market" statement then I would still have to take exception with "in the market" equating to the meaningful provision of liquidity. They are most certainly distinct.
There are, after all, tons of used microwaves and even Ferraris out there ;) but their markets are far from what would be considered liquid, certainly, at least, relative to what we would be looking for in a financial market. I am not making the market more liquid by owning a microwave, and I still would not be if I owned a Ferrari, which sadly I do not. :-) if I owned them and had them currently on the market for sale, on the other hand, I would then be adding liquidity,  but in a still-illiquid market. The quantity of microwaves in existence, and the high price of Ferraris, would make no difference to the liquidity of their respective markets. The liquidity of those markets is entirely driven by that sought and on offer at a given moment and, more critically, the competitive depth thereof.
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:14:10
For what it's worth: the buttons are "wrong" for Mac users too. OSX places the safe button on the right, which in this case would be Cancel.
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:13:24
One answer: Why not? If you weren't using it at the time and had reasonable assurances of being repaid it, you might loan out some for the good of those around you.
A slightly different answer: Why not lend it out with just enough interest to cover your effort, offset some degree of your risk, and to make sure the borrower is serious?
PS: There are many who are already lending out BTC amounts large and small. The market is a slightly different one, and the lenders and borrowers (and their uses for the BTC) involved are different than I suspect would usually be the case in a BTC future, but it is happening. On Bitfinex, in the form of swap BTC which is used to short sell the market.
I know, I know, that's a bit different. ;)
Still, there are borrowers willing to pay interest on the assumption that they can better it, and there are lenders to fill their needs. If it is happening already, I'm surprised people keep talking as if it can't and won't happen just because BTC is long-term-deflationary in nature.
@_date: 2014-07-10 18:14:40
You're of course correct that we can't stop those ad-hoc efforts, nor should we. We collectively need the ability to do that kind of analysis in a variety of situations.
However, there's a big difference between ad-hoc efforts and attempts to build standards and companies off of those efforts. We should be discouraging the latter, not rallying behind it. Unless we are consciously asking for people to step in, lock this thing down, and take control of it, that is.
To be honest with you here, I'm not sure why anyone would be _for_ any standardization and/or commercialization around these topics, given the system that would result. I can only hope that people are aware of what they are asking for, even if the result would be antithetical to the original experiment. I suspect most of them are unaware of the natural outcome it would generate, and the rest are shilling for something.
Address validation is an extremely slippery slope. Don't go down it. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:51:29
VoS just caved to a small number of people who had _already given VoS a photo_ but who were upset about having to give VoS a freshly-taken one to confirm the first one as legit and not stolen. Rescinding the policy is more of a knee-jerk than was implementing it.
I like VoS. They have nice people working there, generally doing the right things, and their technology is put together better than most (though far from perfect.)
That said, this latest gaffe comes on the heels of volume falling off the map, with fees that are still far too high (and a monthly plan which is too expensive given the low volume, large spreads, thin books, etc.,) USD-based pairs that are about to be delisted, etc.
Not looking good, all in all, and I'd hate to find myself living in a Canada where the unmentionable exchange has no real competition. :(
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:04:11
You post intelligently on other topics but this one seems to constantly do you in.
They have the capital with which to facilitate liquidity. _When they put that capital up on the order books_.
It's right there in your bolded sentence! "The capital _needed to facilitate_ the liquidity." Not "The capital facilitating the liquidity."
Why are you so set on convincing yourself that hodling has anything to do with liquidity provision?
There is absolutely nothing wrong with hodling. There is absolutely nothing wrong with liquidity provision. There is also nothing wrong with people doing things with BTC that don't provide liquidity. And there is nothing wrong with the specific example of holding having nothing to do with providing liquidity. And there is nothing wrong with the specific example of hodled BTC being BTC which _could_ provide liquidity if it were to be moved into the books, but which currently is _not_ providing liquidity. 
At this point, as much as it was pretty likely a long time ago, I can only assume that you have a specific agenda to push and you are going to push it no matter what terminological redefinition and selective interpretation is required.
It is either that or you know full well that what you are doing is Bullshit Manufacturing Central and your intent is to get a rise out of folks like me while you are doing it. If so, congrats, it worked. You riled me up. But you also made an enemy of someone who previously liked and upvoted your shit and who will no longer support anything you say, even when it has merit.
EDIT - In one last attempt to help, in case that's what you actually need and want, using what is probably the simplest possible example I can muster:
Are the US dollar bills in someone's wallet providing bid-side BTC/USD liquidity? By your argument they would be.
If they are not, then why would my BTC sitting in a paper wallet be providing ask-side BTC/USD liquidity?
Or are you really going to keep trying to convince everyone that, say, Apple's billions of USD reserves are providing bid-side BTC/USD liquidity simply because they exist as USD _somewhere_? After all, and by your arguments, Apple _could_ decide to put those USD into the books sometime so let's go ahead and count that as billions upon billions of additional BTC/USD liquidity _right now_. Really?
@_date: 2014-10-05 19:12:11
It'll be today. China still sleeps. 
@_date: 2014-09-25 04:16:15
Not to be trite, but...
"I got my circle invite"
Are you sure about that? Really sure? As in you checked the raw email body to make sure all of its resource are legit (eg images) and all of its links direct you to the right URLs?
I ask because with so many email addresses out in the wild for harvesting and reselling and with so much interest in getting Circle invites it would not surprise me at all if someone out there was trying to go phishing with fake invite emails.
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:52:49
The others replying to you are wrong. I would reply to them, and have tried with others in the past, but those crazies never listen.
Unless you have 100% of the hashrate, having more than 50% of the hashrate only guarantees control over the blockchain _eventually_. As in _infinite time_. You can double-spend with 1%. It is extremely unlikely but it is a probabilistic possibility. You can _fail_ to double-spend with 99%. Failure is less likely in this case but still exists. At any given percentage it is all a question of _probabilities_, specifically those related to your solving the necessary blocks fast enough. "51%" only provides the guarantee that if you maintain more than 50% you will get there eventually. And 51% isn't a magic number. The threshold is 50%, and exceeding it (and staying that way) guarantees _eventual_ success. It might take until the sun grows cold, though.
All of the above ignores the actions that community takes to monitor for these things happening. All of the above ignores the actions the community would take in the face of such an (unlikely) event. And all of the above ignores the fact that if you pull this off you probably destroy your own investments, severely limiting the parties who might be interested in doing such things.
We should improve the situation of course, but all of this chicken little bullshit is full retard.
If in the meantime we want to work on some more likely concerns, we should be looking into the kinds of "cartel" behaviors (eg excluding transactions) that can happen even at percentages far lower than 50%.
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:13:46
You do realize that bitcoins themselves don't actually exist, right?
There are only transactions from/to addresses. As soon as any system "validates owners of addresses" then that system, together with the blockchain itself, is tracking all "coins", as a coin only exists as a value derived from having been transacted to but not subsequently from an address.
And the kinds of folks who are for things like coinvalidation tend to be never standing far away from the kinds of folks who would lobby hard for regulation which would require all business to only transact with validated addresses, at which point you have all of the old-world control, coin taint capability, etc. needed to kill the whole experiment dead.
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:53:19
Perhaps we are just crossing wires, but while there is nothing wrong with what you've just written there is a distinction necessary between the protocol and a particular users use of it or a particular payment systems implementation of it within their workflow.
Your statements, unless I am misreading them (and apologies if I have) do seem to speak of exploits and vulnerabilities in _the protocol_ which is a bit misleading given that the protocol is just fine in this regard. A given payment system implementation and it's workflow, for example, on the other hand. ;)
The protocol _cannot_ change to address your concerns. Not without adopting a different model of distribution and becoming something else. System implementations on top of the protocol, of course, can and will have to address these kinds of concerns, along with their attendant business and personal workflows.
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:55:09
My software dev gut check says that the software engineering benefits of separating the concerns is too big of a win to safely ignore, but we are in agreement on far more than not, so I'm happy enough. ;)
@_date: 2014-09-25 17:47:55
No, not everyone is running that, not even close. Nor is everyone in the habit of finding/placing themselves in the presence of malicious DHCP servers.
The DHCP vector is real but is going to be encountered about as commonly as FireSheep. Aka it will be an interesting exploit that is far more common in the news than in the real world.
But, hey, feel free to overreact and talk like everyone everywhere is vulnerable and only you know what the fuck you are talking about.
EDIT - Oh, yay, I just realized that I wasted that time replying to a 20 hour old account with no posts, only that one comment, and zero points. Fool me once...
@_date: 2014-06-11 15:55:46
You and I are in agreement on most things, I suspect. My initial response was really only targeted at the magic of 51% (none) and at the risk of the traditionally-interpreted "51% attack" (none), though the latter of the two was admittedly more useful to others who might happen by to read the comment.
As for majority cartels, I certainly would not want to come across as downplaying that concern. I share it too. However, it is worth a reminder that 51% isn't magic there either. They can only influence the blocks they solve, and as such their influence will be proportionate to their solve rate which is in turn dependent on their hash rate. (Perhaps a larger risk here is that of _hidden_ cartels more than of overt ones.) I think we can and will see selective transaction processing, some of it perhaps even on an ethical basis (or at the very least with some kind of openly justified reasoning ala "we don't include transactions related to gambling services.") It will be interesting to see how the community responds.
At the end of the day, though, the best we can do is monitor, encourage, educate, and, more than anything else, work on better alternatives. People aren't exactly going to switch away from GHash unless they can get both better returns _and_ lower variance elsewhere. That said, ASIC power is likely to centralize faster than it can be dispersed to the masses, so perhaps we will end up in the hands of new masters regardless. :) / :(
As an aside, thanks for responding rationally. I appreciate the conversation far more than I care about being right or wrong.
@_date: 2014-06-20 18:02:11
AFAIK, the auction format allows one bid per lot _per deposit_.
I can't say for sure, but I highly doubt they'd be putting this option out there if it didn't have many advantages for them. To do so without advantage would be a disastrous tip of their hand.
Perhaps they want to find out how much their customers might be interested in paying (particularly if their input turns out on the high side), free up more cash for more deposits such that they can put in a range of bids on every lot (particularly on the low side,) etc.
Who knows. All I do know is that it is likely naive to think that SecondMarket is doing this without good reason.
@_date: 2014-09-17 00:17:24
I don't know why you were downvoted, so I have upvoted you and will add this:
OPs post is meaningless without a corresponding increase in the slope of this chart (or equivalent change in its other variant) 
Bitcoin Days Destroyed is a poorly-named concept, and I honestly cannot recall if that chart excludes well-known addresses or if there is an alternate days destroyed chart which does (it'd be even better, but I'm on mobile and not in a position to search at the moment,) but the information captured in the days destroyed chart is a lot more valuable than transaction volume (which, as you well know, can be stuffed rather easily.)
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:48:24
Alternatively, if not a proxy then perhaps an oracle?
This would also address your note regarding bitcoinj. And the separation of concern is good from a software dev perspective.
The miner software would need just enough modification to consult one or more user-configurable oracles via, say, a simple HTTPS request. That oracle software could then be built and run in whatever language/runtime suits it and then be hosted on whatever machine you see fit, whether your own or one of a trusted colleague. The miner software could then warn its operator if less than a certain number of oracles agree on what it should be mining. Public oracles could be pretty-easily monitored by anyone interested in keeping them honest.
EDIT - For what it's worth, Mark0sky's proxy suggestion is still probably the cleanest. I just figured I'd chime in with an alternative if one wanted to avoid the complexities of proxy development while minimizing complex miner software modifications.
@_date: 2014-05-04 14:45:21
And even if that happened, all those zeroes in your bank account, 401k, stock portfolio, etc. would be equally worthless. Hence why the fears of cryptocurrency being dependent on the internet remaining available in the face of disaster are overblown at best, utterly naive at worst.
@_date: 2014-06-16 16:29:18
Of course you could mine a days worth of blocks, but you also might fail. Even if you did, what would that get you? A single double-spend attempt (there's no knowing what the community would do to the chain when you unveil it) that shows a day's worth of chain all showing up at once from some unknown or known party and which contains double-spends? Come on. You can do this at most once, and the network might roll back or at least get together and credit the target in some fashion. You also just lost a days worth of legit block rewards. Well done.
I'm not saying that these things are technically impossible. They are, however, both probabilistically unlikely and financially unsound.
EDIT - I am willing to somewhat soften my point regarding probability, but only in the sense that the longer you're willing to run this kind of mining the less the probability factor matters and the more the basic percentage does. There's a trade-off, here. If you want to maximize certainty of success, you're going to go for the shortest attack possible. This will make your mining look the most like normal and you can hope that people won't notice the double spend. Doing so, however, exposes you the most to the probability factor, and requires that you have even more horsepower to outweigh it. The longer play needs nowhere near as much horsepower, but it's so much more detectable as to, I believe, be untenable. This is why I have focused so much on probability, though I could surely have done better in communicating that fact. Still, both approaches, and those in between, can be easily detected and (admittedly less easily) rectified, however, so I still believe it doesn't matter in the end.
As an aside, thanks for being willing to talk back and forth on the matter. Your reply is what got me thinking more about the shortest vs longer attack differences and their varying dependencies on percentages, probabilities, etc., while I was out for a walk just now. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 17:11:39
What people are talking about is the possibility of providing an alternative that you might have available in your traditional physical wallet as a backup for when something is messed up with your phone or other electronic wallet. Then the terminal came up in the conversation because someone was confused about whose bit of what was up or down. :-). I can see how the thread might have gotten confusing though.
At no point would you send anything through someone else's terminal. Their terminal is working, your phone is not, so you hand them a piece of paper.
Not directed at you, just a bit of an aside: 
Some might chide this concept as being surprisingly similar to standard cash, but I think a better comparison would be carrying a bit of cash in your wallet even though you would normally use your credit card, say, to earn points. You've got the cash there just in case the network is down or you have some other problem with your card.
These folks seem to be laughing at the idea of carrying a backup for bitcoin, but they would also be just as likely to laugh at someone for not carrying a bit of cash to back up their credit card. It's a bit disingenuous, to say the least.
@_date: 2014-09-06 17:13:47
FYI - You can remove economics from your list, as there is no Nobel Prize in economics.
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:04:51
The examples were specifically ridiculous, and no one said anything about trying to be fungible new against used, but congrats on missing the point anyway.
If the shit is not on the market right now, it is not providing liquidity. Period.
This is nuts. No offense, but I'm not wasting any more time on this.
@_date: 2014-09-06 19:24:14
I seem to recall you mentioning this liquidity angle a few times in recent days. Please stop. Particularly, please stop focusing on price and hodling. Price has nothing to do with it and hodling only acts against liquidity. What matters is the depth around the spot price.
Bitcoin could be worth $10 million per coin and the liquidity would still be low if there were not enough buyers and sellers on the market, maintaining bids and asks, competing strongly with each other and, as a result, closing in the spread and greatly increasing the depth immediately adjacent to the spot price. _That_ would provide liquidity, and price would still be irrelevant to said liquidity.
Hodling does nothing to increase liquidity, and this is true regardless of price. The only way hodlers can help increase liquidity is to stop being hodlers and put their coins up for sale adjacent to the spot price. Whether this would be good or bad on the whole is an exercise left for the reader.
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:22:43
I am tempted to suggest that you misunderstand the protocol. There is no "exploit" here, there is no "vulnerability." The possibility of double-spend is a fundamental element of the trustless distributed model adopted by the protocol. The protocol cannot exist without it.
The protocol never guarantees absolute and permanent consistency across the entire network, not even on an "eventual consistency" basis. It can't. To do so would require a change of the model to guarantee immediate consistency via either a central point of trust, a network-wide synchronized commit, or similar. The protocol would lose its trustless distributed nature after such a change. Or you'd have to violate CAP theorem, which isn't going to happen.
The protocol provides only _confidence_ in the validity of a given transaction, with that confidence increasing over time. The validity is never guaranteed as an absolute, not even hundreds of thousands of blocks later. It is a technical possibility, though insanely remote, that one could rewrite history all the way back to the genesis block, for example.
You are free to dislike a model that only provides a sliding degree of confidence, you are free to dislike that this confidence level starts at zero, you are free to dislike that such a model may not allow a transaction to achieve a desired level of confidence within a preferred interval of time, and you are free to dislike that such a model is never ever absolutely and permanently guaranteed as consistent. These aspects are not "exploits" or "vulnerabilities," however. They are necessary artifacts of the chosen distributed model. Your words are more effectively viewed as an expression of _your unstated and perhaps unrecognized preference for some other unspecified protocol which is not Bitcoin._ Bitcoin cannot be "fixed" to address your concerns without _becoming something fundamentally different_. 
That something, whatever it might be, would lack a number of qualities and be susceptible to a number of failure modes which do not affect Bitcoin. (Some of these are alluded to in my second paragraph. A vast range of other possible sets of qualities and failure modes can be enumerated quite simply as would be the case for any set of possible CAP trade-offs.) Any given alternate model would of course have some positive trade-offs, too, but at the end of the day whatever model you come up with would not be Bitcoin and Bitcoin's model cannot be changed to that model without _stopping being Bitcoin_. The trade-offs are just that fundamental.
@_date: 2014-07-05 00:29:23
I'm not really sure it was because of 2FA. Email should never be used for 2FA, confirmation emails like this are not 2FA, nor should any email-linked service (ala google voice grabbing SMS messages) be used for 2FA. The real problem here is entirely separate from 2FA: the habit of sending people confirmation emails they are supposed to click on, 2FA on the account or not.
As for 2FA mechanisms themselves, I'm partial to OTP systems that can run on an offline device, ala Google Auth and friends. As for confirmation mechanisms themselves, if one must use them I am partial to emails without any links at all, not even one to the main site or to a login page, instead just a plain text code to enter once you log in yourself using your own bookmarks, password manager, or whatever.
@_date: 2014-05-26 22:37:21
Downvoted because I made no such claims.
I never said it didn't matter. I raised the concern that people have been willing to believe the article and its source data so blindly, regardless of whether the article proves to be true.
Further, I made no connection to Wall Street whatsoever.
Keep me out of your bullshit post.
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:00:12
1 dollar
@_date: 2015-05-31 18:21:15
Meaning no offense but I'm frankly not sure you understand this aspect either.
The exchanges, merchant services, and wallets could try to go against the miners but they'd only end up facing massive double-spends.
These groups have some influence but the hashpower sets the rules, and (like it or not) this is by design. The _best_ these groups can do is lobby the miners to make a decision that is mutually beneficial. If, however, the miners want to go a different way then everyone has to follow.
EDIT: As should go without saying, and as has been put better by others elsewhere on some other related threads, if the actual end users disagree with the results then the whole thing will have been for naught since the business models would dry up.
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:20:34
I think you're talking past each other.
The terminal is available and working. It's _the customers phone that is out of juice._ (or not getting signal, or whatever.)
@_date: 2014-04-11 15:11:51
You are more familiar with PoS than you think: _the pre-crypto-currency world effectively runs on it._
PoW has its problems but I suspect that PoS can only be worse.
@_date: 2014-06-01 04:58:54
Why would you be calculating based on the last entire run up, rather than looking at the USD traded levels for the most similar _phase_ of the last run up? Are you assuming we are nearing the new peak and are summing up this whole run up versus the last entire run up? I'm not sure where you are getting your numbers from and I must not be getting from your posted image the message you intend to be delivering by it.
Assuming one were to believe that the two phases are similar, the current USD traded levels are currently well above the USD traded levels of the analogous portion of the last run up.
Apologies as I can't screenshot at the moment so hopefully I can wave my hands around enough and you'll spot the analogous portion of the last run up on your own charts. :)
@_date: 2014-05-25 14:56:55
Surprising that no one has mentioned this yet:
Perhaps you should also discuss with them the possibility of _insuring_ it since, you know, you're an insurer. :) Offer your services to companies like Coinbase, Kraken, etc., to help them prove (and continually prove) their solvency in both fiat and crypto and allow their clients to opt into insurance covering their deposited balances against certain types of losses.
(For what it's worth, I'm one of the "be your own bank" folks but cryptocurrency will achieve greater success when it can work equally well for the "I'd rather a bank be my bank" folks, along with everything that comes with that for those people (e.g. fees for the added services.) Having the _choice_ is one of the things that makes this experiment so interesting.)
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:17:20
Oh, I know you weren't required to, nor did I suggest that you were.
You guys are doing good stuff. Suffering through a chicken-and-egg problem but doing good stuff.
If I may be so bold, and I hope you can just take this as the piece of feedback that it is:
Whether or not you had other reasons to rescind the policy, all of your top-level posts and major replies talk about having done it as a result of negative feedback. I think I spotted one comment where you mentioned having implemented better fraud detection mechanisms but it certainly wasn't one of the prominent ones and all of those talk about negative feedback. As a result, you now either appear to have tilted at windmills or you actually tilted at windmills and either way the net result in the market eye is the same: you tilted at windmills.
It's great that you guys are working to improve things, and to be responsive. And you are. It might, though, be worth pausing a little longer to refine the messaging. :) It's not the first time, either. As I recall, the altcoin delisting is still not clear on whether or not it will happen on Aug 15th, because its posts call out the date but then say it will be reconsidered then. The USD delisting was posted as "shortly" but without a date until I requested one. There's this one. (There's also the divcoin post about pricing moving closer to CEX, which isn't exactly doing yourselves any favours by pointing it out, given that the community has pretty well established how overpriced CEX is compared to alternatives.)
Just some food for though off the top of my head.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:26:48
I'm going to write something hinted at by other commenters but which, at time of my posting this, was not said by anyone else so far:
Even if the core devs were to agree and change the code (which they wouldn't, as you'll see at the end of this sentence,) and even if the miners agreed (which they wouldn't, and we are getting closer to the end of this sentence,) and even if node operators agreed (which they wouldn't, and here we are near the end of the sentence,) _the price of bitcoin would quickly crash to zero or an approximation thereof._
The model by which new coins are issued is _priced in_. Moreover, and most critically, _the fixed nature of the model is priced in._
You can make changes that don't affect the issuance model. You _might_ get away with changing the reward halving process to something smoother. Any change to the 21 million coin limit, on the other hand, would shatter confidence, likely irreparably. After all, changing it once would probably be bad enough to crash Bitcoin forever, but even if changing it once didn't do it, the fact that it was changed once would mean it could be changed any number of additional times, and _that possibility_ would destroy Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is being bootstrapped. There are enough unknowns and risks as it is, and the only "known", which itself comes with a pile of caveats and "if"s as it is, is that those people pumping money into the system to bootstrap it will be rewarded, assuming Bitcoin succeeds, via the issuance model (most notably the coin cap) and the effects thereof.
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:30:33
I suspect you may have misunderstood me. I did not suggest a centralized oracle that we all must trust. I only suggested separating the validation concern from the mining concern, just as the proxy suggestion did.
I would build the smallest mod into the miner software possible to get it talking to an oracle I configure it to talk to, and my oracle would be a small HTTP/HTTPS service talking to an embedded SPV client and I'd spin this oracle up on whatever box I want.
I don't know why you would want to embed an SPV client into the miner, if that's what you are thinking of. Perhaps I've misunderstood you too.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:22:59
I agree with the overall change of view which you are trying to encourage. However...
There isn't even one word for those other activities because, well, there are a variety of other activities and they in turn each have words to describe them. There is no need to find one word, one single effect, in order to give them some kind of collective value. Even if there were one word for them it would not involve "liquidity." You certainly aren't going to sell a change of view by grasping onto some distinct effect and claiming that holding creates that effect.
I'm not the one trying to sell this change of view. That's where you come in.
(As a momentary aside, grand claims (and saying that holding creates liquidity would be a grand claim) require ample evidence. What many don't realize, however, is that _refuting_ grand claims _requires no evidence whatsoever_. All responsibility lays with those _making_ grand claims. And this is where your more obstinate and pedantic replies to questions and opposition do you no credit, and, yes, you've been pretty obstinate and pedantic, even while remaining polite.)
Were I in your position I would start with describing the individual positive effects of holding, in sufficient detail, without trying to bundle them all up under one term. As but some examples off the top of my head:
Perhaps talk about holders as evidence of a strong and growing belief in BTC as a long-term store of value. Encourage people to propagate this idea and build strength in numbers, voted for with fiat. Talk about the mutual reassurance and positive feedback loop doing so could provide.
Perhaps talk about reducing the number of generally-inexperienced traders who tend to increase volatility in ways that can shake public confidence.
Perhaps talk about removing high-ball, long-shot asks from the books as a way to perhaps encourage an increase in price by reducing the stated supply on the books. Doing the same with the low-balls on the bid side would surely help in its own ways too.
(Then you might also be able to talk about the myriad of other factors which might interplay with one another, both driving and being driven by an increase in the exchange rate, but _in context of one another_, not in the "all other things being equal" tone of some of the comments I've seen to this post.)
Perhaps talk about only putting on the books what and where you intend to sell or buy, discouraging "walls" and such, as an element in encouraging perhaps more natural price discovery.
The list could go on for ages, I'm sure, but it's not my list to build and the things I've mentioned above are just random things that popped into my head, not some kind of reasoned list which I feel must hold merit.
(Most of things I listed, and to be extremely clear, would cause a near-term _reduction_ of liquidity but they could be argued as net-beneficial effects from holding.)
@_date: 2015-01-30 21:38:55
It could have been anyone, really. I am making no assumptions and would suggest others do the same.
@_date: 2014-09-07 00:12:04
This will not stimulate further discussion because I am going to provide this one and only one response. (EDIT: and I am even going to cut this rambling comment off where it stands as I have expended far too much time and energy on this issue. This topic seems to require _far_ too much text relative to the simple concept in play and I have neither the time or inclination to either fill the content out to help move people's minds through it or to trim it down to more effectively deliver the message I've been working on thus far. Either way, it's just not happening. It is frankly not a good use of my time.)
Before you press the return key on your finex sell order you are not providing liquidity because you have not yet done anything. That much I hope is clear enough.
Once you press the return key you still have not provided liquidity. You will have, in fact, just _removed_ liquidity from the market, at least momentarily until (and if and only if) someone backfills for the order you just took.
Your BTC-e sell wall is providing liquidity because the order could be taken at any moment by someone willing to buy that far into to the book. Just because you intend to pull it doesn't mean it isn't there to be taken.
Your Coinbase buy is more complex, given their nature and that of their relationships to the various exchanges. That said, your buy there is effectively the same as your finex sell. Before you hit the return key you have no relation to liquidity one way or the other. Once you hit the return key you take some liquidity out of the market. In the finex sell case, you slightly reduced the bid-side liquidity, increasing the spread and slippage for others who would sell just after you. In the Coinbase buy case, and this is where their obscured workings make things difficult, but the overall net effect should be reasonably similar, you slightly reduced their ask-side liquidity, increasing the spread and the slippage for others who would buy just after you. Coinbase would backfill for this in a manner not dissimilar to how another exchange user might fill in the gap you just created in the book, but in Coinbase's case they might, as but one off-hand example, place a market order on an exchange of their choice, in turn slightly (and momentarily) reducing the exchange ask-side liquidity in order to, once withdrawn to Coinbase, be made available to increase the Coinbase ask-side liquidity.
Liquidity is not granted to the market from what you've already taken from the market. Or from what you could provide to or take from the market in the future. Liquidity is also not negated because you have something on offer that you intend to soon remove. Liquidity is provided by what is currently on offer, in other words it is provided by and only by _that which can presently be acted against_. Whenever someone talks about liquidity coming from something that cannot presently be acted against they are not actually talking about liquidity. They might well be talking about some other valuable and important thing but it would not be liquidity. If it is available on the market right now then it provides liquidity. That said, the quality and/or degree of said liquidity for that offer and for the market as a whole, which is where things become truly important as it is the markets quality/degree of liquidity which truly matters, depends on more than just something being on offer. The spread matters. The depth adjacent that spread matters.
If I want to place an x USD or x BTC order to take liquidity from the market, and if doing so will incur y% slippage, and if y% slippage is too high for my needs, then the market is illiquid for my needs. If people's _general_ values for x produce a value for y which they agree is _generally_ too high then the market will be _generally_ considered illiquid. If, on the other hand, y is reasonable then the market will be generally considered liquid. Either way, it all comes down to what is available to be taken from the market. If it isn't on the market and available for the taking _right now_ then it isn't providing liquidity. And if there isn't enough liquidity near enough to the spot price then the market can still be considered illiquid. And, even if there is plenty available for the taking on both sides immediately adjacent to the spot price, there will be those who feel a market is still illiquid if those offers aren't being taken and back-filled with regularity, as they will require that a market have liquidity both provided and taken in order to consider the market liquid as a whole.
In any case, BTC or USD or whatever sitting off to the sides isn't doing anything for liquidity. It's not providing it. It's not taking it. It just isn't involved.
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:06:41
I did know that, but thanks for putting it kindly.
However, they attempted to change the legal history of the product, pushing a retroactive license change dated back to source code revisions which have damn-well been deployed to people's devices. Had they been the only source from which one could gain access to that code (and thank goodness for the distributed nature of Git and the previously-published status of the code in question,) and had they only made available the version with the retroactive change applied, they may very well have been in legal violation of their own originally-chosen license.
EDIT - For what it's worth, I have to step away for a good while, so please don't think I'm ignoring you intentionally. ;)
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:09:44
"That's not what happened here. The car never left the shop with bad brakes."
You must be joking. They freaked out in public. They attempted to retroactively change the license in public. The means by which they did so effectively broke their source control, again in public. They restored the license while admitting shaken ideals in public.
"if you think anyone's better at this than them, please say who you think it is."
Your trust is weakly placed if it is conditional on the availability (or lack of availability) of alternatives.
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:21:07
Perhaps you should consider integrating a different comment system? Or ending each blog post with a link to a dedicated thread here on Reddit?
Come on, slush, of all the things you could have replied to, you chose to reply to that? And with a punt?
@_date: 2015-01-30 16:41:10
Too late, I'm afraid.
For a company whose product essentially requires that I trust the vendor, here are just some of the things I now clearly cannot trust:
I cannot trust their understanding of open source as a concept, if their "ideals" are so easily damaged.
I cannot trust their understanding of specific open source licenses, if they chose LGPL in the first place (given that they claim to want to be so open and are a hardware play which will definitely see knock-offs that disregard the license anyway. Might as well use MIT or BSD or similar, at that point) and, far worse, think they can then retroactively re-license their published source code.
I cannot trust their understanding of their competitive market, if they are so taken aback by the arrival of a Chinese knock-off that doesn't give a damn about their chosen open source license.
I again cannot trust their understanding of open source licenses, their competitive market, or their legal capabilities if, after a Chinese knock-off arrives, they feel the corrective action is to apply a reference source license in an attempt to cut off something already effectively beyond their legal reach.
I cannot trust their use of source control or their source code itself, since if they are willing to rebase and force push once then I cannot trust they won't do it again. For a product whose trust angle primarily revolves around the ability to audit the source code, this abuse of source control alone should have people shitting bricks.
I cannot trust their understanding of the community, if their post ends with "Comments are closed."
I had been on the fence about buying a Trezor. Partly out of lack of specific current need. Partly out of waiting for prices to become more in line with the usage I would expect to get out of it. That said, I don't want to buy a knock-off just because it is cheaper. Now, however, I won't touch a Trezor or any other product they create. A vendor operating in a space which requires trust must be itself trustworthy.
Some would say "Well, they are human. They made a mistake and now they are doing the right thing and rectifying it." That is very true, and it is appreciated as a gesture. However, it doesn't automatically restore trust. Someone can fuck up seven days a week, do something to fix it on the eighth, and I _still_ don't have to trust them again. They can spend another week fixing the other fuck-ups, and I _still_ don't have to trust them.
Apologists (and, damn, why do there appear to be so many) take note: If I take my car into a shop for brake service and they screw it up, I don't care how fast they make things right. I don't care if they tear up the bill. I don't care if they offer free service in the future. They are never working on my car again. They fucked up a safety-critical job.
EDIT: My first gilding! I honestly would have hoped for it to happen on a different kind of post, but thanks everyone!
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:50:41
It doesn't matter if the total effect was zero. You cannot retroactively change a license. You can change it today, in which case the old license will apply to code from before today (edit - to be specific: every existing revision of the code will continue to have applied to it the license specified alongside it in that same revision,) and the new license will apply to code today and going forward. You cannot change it today in such a way that says "we changed it last year."
EDIT - In any case, that wasn't the only issue, or even the worst issue. The apologists sure like trying to zero in on "they changed it back so everything is okay," and it's clear why: the greater concerns are undeniable so hand-waving is the only option.
@_date: 2015-01-19 20:26:10
I'm honestly not sure how people keep getting this wrong, aside from the sheer overwhelming impact of blockchain.info's terribly-named chart because of one word in its title.
"That gives you an effective total cost per transaction."
Oh, it most certainly doesn't, because you cannot include the block reward in that calculation. And yet everyone tries to. Everyone trying to give the impression that transaction costs are high, at least. I'm not sure what incentive the others have, where instead it just seems to be a continually-parroted misunderstanding.
The Bitcoin mining system serves several important functions, including securing the historical ledger, processing new transactions, and issuing new Bitcoin. Given that the usual parroted version has been debunked over and over, it is at this moment nothing short of intellectually dishonest to take the scheduled issuing of new Bitcoin, at a cost/value (assuming a theoretical perfectly-efficient mining and price discovery space in which the price of Bitcoin approaches the cost to produce it) approximately $5000 every 10 minutes, and lump that into transaction costs.
Setting aside for the moment the cost and value of securing the historical ledger (particularly since it is likely safe enough to assume that this cost/value is carried inside the current value of a Bitcoin) and assuming that transaction costs are strictly those which appear in transaction fees, we _should_ see the mining space burning around $5000 of electricity, equipment, facilities, staff, etc. every ten minutes. It is quite literally the means by which the system turns money into new Bitcoin. It is most certainly not $5000 worth of transaction cost. It is Bitcoin's "proof of burn" of fiat into BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:20:26
I have to admit I didn't really get a good read, positive or negative, from the community that day. I guess I wasn't reading all that much about it, since to me I just ended up thinking "hey a cheap knockoff I wouldn't buy" and moving on.
Whatever the community's response to it, yes you are quite right to point out that it has spun far out of control.
The situation brought to light to me a large enough number of reasons to avoid Trezor, but I would certainly respect that each person is in the position to make their own decision on that.
I'm sure there are people that I have worked with in the past who might never work with me again on account of something I did to break their trust, just as it is true that there are people I would never work with again because they broke my trust. There are also people that I would be happy to work with and who would be happy to work with me. Either way, I certainly would not elevate myself above the possibility of this happening to me and something I created. That said, I wouldn't expect people to automatically trust me again, even after corrective action, nor should a bunch of apologists to come out in droves on my behalf.
@_date: 2014-07-10 17:51:15
I don't beat up coinvalidation in particular. I would beat up all similar proposals, just as I would beat up all tainting proposals.
The mistake I think you're making in your reply is that you think the two sides you present are separable. 
They aren't.
Address validation will lead to denial of transactions, through code and/or legal policy, to or from non-validated addresses. This effectively taints coins.
Address validation, and the tainting that would come with it, would kill Bitcoin. At least we should _hope_ that it would...
If you can't see how address validation naturally leads to tainting and where both then naturally lead to complete control, then you need to take a harder, longer look at the people who would encourage the adoption of such schemes, and would be positioned to benefit from them. These people are almost always associated with the same holders of the existing levers of control. And if not associated with them already, they intend to become them.
After all, in a world controlled by bankers, who better to become than the next bankers.
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:47:31
Why are there now two separate people, yourself included, who think that, analogically speaking, the problem was rectified before the car made it back onto the road?
Please do reply, as I am honestly quite curious as to how you think that is the case. Where is this "before" angle coming from?
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:01:57
True enough, and I am certainly willing to concede on those specific aspects.
@_date: 2015-01-30 19:29:25
It is _because_ I am no longer young (I doubt very many in this subreddit are over 40 as I am) and because my day has come in a number of ways at a number of times, that I understand that the world is filled with moments of consequence.
Many in this sub, however, seem to think that there aren't cases in life where trust, once broken, can and should be _withheld_ no matter the number of corrective actions attempted by an individual or organization.
There are simply too many other good individuals and organizations in the world to waste time on one that has broken your trust. Sometimes it truly is best to just move on.
In this particular case, and I am of course speaking only for me personally, the number of negatives tallied against this particular vendor compels me to move on permanently. The number of actions they have taken or take in the future is irrelevant, such is the nature of the product in question and the vendor trust it requires.
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:22:52
Thanks for replying politely and factually. All of those things you said are correct.
The only thing I could really potentially nitpick is your comment about them not having to continue to distribute the code to new people under the old license. This too is technically true with respect to code they post for general access or code they provide upon request but not for the code as it already appears out there in the hands of others, as that is already published under a license which cannot be revoked retroactively from afar and that code can continue to be shared and used by by others under that license. Its out there under LGPL and there are no takebacks, as it were. That the vendor no longer has to continue publishing it is distinct from the license somehow being changed in the past as was attempted here. An issue of semantics perhaps more than anything else, but worth making clear to others, I think. I doubt I have phrased it as clearly as could be but hopefully the gist comes across.
All that said, their actions demonstrated an intent to retroactively change the license, something not permitted even for the copyright holder. This was the critical element for me where the license change is involved (though far from my only concern overall.) There are good, reputable ways to re-license. What they did is one of the worst options available.
As a note, and this is nothing personal, but this is my last post on the topic. I spent way too much time on this thread yesterday and there is not enough value in continuing such that the time is justified. I almost didn't reply at all but you went out of your way to be polite and detailed so I figured one more reply would be appropriate. :)
@_date: 2014-06-01 04:30:54
If you compare the roughly-equivalent timeframe in the last run up, which would arguably be the period between the SR take-down and the retracement/consolidation around 200, but switch your volume charts into _dollars_ instead of BTC, you will see that this current run up is being driven by a _lot_ more money.
@_date: 2016-03-05 16:42:58
Here's how ridiculous the whole thing is: if taken to their natural conclusion, all of these arguments reach a limit of one transaction per block.
EDITED: Simplified my phrasing with my point unchanged. 
@_date: 2015-08-30 03:11:13
And let's not forget the other half of the IETF's "rough consensus" sentence: "rough consensus and running code." Running code. It can't be emphasized enough: Rough consensus and _running code._
By all means ideate. And plan. And discuss.
But never forget that ideas are a dime a dozen, even brilliant ones, and talk is cheap. Execution is what counts, and in the world of open source "execution" happens through the writing, publishing, compiling, and running of code.
So ask yourselves, and keep asking yourselves: of the options supposedly available to you, which ones can you compile and run _right now_? (They are the only options which truly exist.)
@_date: 2015-07-26 19:55:49
Just as a quick FYI: still quite a percentage without NFC out West. (And, of the terminals with it, a good number where the merchant has yet to enable it.)
@_date: 2015-04-19 17:18:54
Rewritten: Addresses do have balances. Computed balances, of course, but still balances which can be "signed for" with the correct private key. And I never said they were sent from. They are debited and credited.
PS - If you have an actual point to make, aside from picking apart examples and arguing over semantics that were irrelevant to my communicating the original message, please do so. You will not waste my Sunday. 
@_date: 2015-04-19 16:19:33
It is wisest to ignore the ramblings of those who would suggest that BTC are destroyed and created in every transaction. It would have been equally valid for them to have suggested that accountants literally destroy and create money all day long. Given this example for comparison, it should be more than obvious that nothing of the sort takes place in either Bitcoin or in traditional accounting.
Bitcoin is created in the mining of a block. Not a single satoshi-worth of value has been destroyed since. Addresses are simply debited and credited.
Just as in traditional accounting, you can determine the _possible_ paths and origins of some portion of value currently credited to a given address but, just as in traditional accounting, only if the history is simple enough could you determine an absolute path and origin.
Still, it's interesting history and potentially valuable so long as you don't make the mistake of thinking you can track a specific satoshi back through any but the simplest history.
EDIT: Interesting. From +3 to 0 in less than 15 minutes on a Sunday. Back up since, but still. I would not have thought either my point or example to have been contentious. 
@_date: 2015-04-19 20:29:52
Just for the record: If you were downvoted, as seems implied by your edit, it wasn't by me.
I don't take issue or disagree with your statements, or the references you provided. However, and I hope you take this the right way, you put words in my mouth, and they were pedantic, unnecessary, and only served to distract from the point being made.
Today provides yet another example of why I have been commenting on Reddit less and less frequently. Participation seems to be disproportionately met with pedantry and divisiveness, and completely eliminates my enjoyment.
I have my pedantic days too. When they happen I try to remind myself that that approach usually does not contribute positively to the conversation. It can in fact detract from it. And regardless of its contribution, positive or negative, pedantry may not exactly serve to inspire people to converse with me. Today that day is yours, and a good day to you sir.
@_date: 2015-03-24 21:35:03
I would encourage you to perform my aforementioned thought experiment using any one of those other proof-of-work mechanisms, assuming a perfectly-efficient market, of course. The result may surprise you, as will its implications for such mechanisms and their purported improvements in efficiency.
EDIT - I would certainly acknowledge that something like "proof-of-work-specific-to-protein-folding" or similar would complicate things. ;)
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:07:47
No worries, I didn't take that as trolling.
I agree, as "the price is too high" and "mining is too cheap" are two sides of the same coin.
I could have just replied "the price is too high" but that wouldn't get anyone thinking about why mining is not "horribly inefficient" or whatever bullshit and why it in fact needs to be more expensive than it already is.
@_date: 2015-03-24 21:28:19
I appreciate your frankness. Hopefully you will appreciate mine in kind.
That "horrible and grossly inefficient" mechanism is precisely what ensures that proof-of-work cryptocoins are not created out of thin air.
In a perfectly-efficient market of rational participants, $6250 would be expended collectively by miners every ten minutes in order to create $6250 worth of BTC.
Any less and BTC would be being created out of thin air, supporting the arguments of any number of detractors. Any more would be wasteful and we would have to consider irrationality of participants, or at the very least their willingness to place a bet on future value via speculation.
Since there is reasonable information supporting the profitability of miners even below $200, the market is nowhere near perfectly efficient and mining is currently burning _too little_ "coal."
Put in different terms: Bitcoin is currently partly created out of thin air, likely due to imperfect markets and speculative interest therein. Proof-of-stake (and other mechanism) coins are far worse in this regard, being created from a vastly greater proportion of thin air. They are much closer to fiat currencies and should be paid no heed by anyone interested in an alternative to fiat currencies. It could even be argued that they are actually worse than traditional fiat currencies, in that traditional fiat currencies are at least backed by debt, as opposed to 100% speculation.
EDIT: Put in yet different terms, this time primarily for comedic effect. :)
Fiat is created from debt. (These days, at least.)
Bitcoin is created from roughly one quarter thin air and three quarters proof-of-burn-of-fiat-created-from-debt. ;)
PoS coins are created from almost 100% thin air.
@_date: 2015-03-24 20:45:56
Thought experiment for you, if I may:
How many "pounds of coal" do you think miners should collectively burn to create 25 new $250 Bitcoins every ten minutes?
If you think the answer does not equal $6250-worth every ten minutes, what amount and why?
@_date: 2016-07-27 04:31:58
In the interest of being supportive, and since you didn't seem to get a simple response from the other commenter:
If you intend to _never_ access your ETC, then just forget it exists. Your transactions will do the right thing for you.
If you think that in the future you might wish to access your ETC, then before doing anything else you must use one of the splitter contracts.