@_author: greatwhitebuffalo716
@_date: 2018-06-10 21:32:36
You think that a large percentage of the rich are *not* wealthy due to birth and circumstance? I'd love to see the statistics on people that actually follow the "pulled out of the poor by the bootstraps" dream that is getting more and more prohibitive by the day.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:09:12
I'm sorry but that sounds incredibly naive to me. People born rich, and their parents, can and do invest their wealth and not become broke pretty easily. By your logic, many wealthy people would sit on their cash and become poor (?).
According to a study, United for a Fair Economy looked into the Forbes 400 list and found at least 61.5% of them were born into wealth. And those people tend to be older and had economies that were much more conducive to the "American Dream" when they became adults, when the gap between the rich and poor wasn't as huge as it is now. And this is ignoring the many advantages wealthy kids have of getting into good colleges and having connections to well-paying jobs, which is infinitely more pronounced now than 20+ years ago.
Edit: Also, it takes a substantial amount of money to be able to make "savvy investments" to make wealth. A large percentage of the U.S. population doesn't have any money to invest; as one person above said, most Americans can't even find $500 for an emergency. You have to have money to make money to get rich(er) off investments.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:43:54




Pick one please. I took the Forbes 400 data because they don't have data about wealthy people in general and how they got their wealth. If your logic stands, it shouldn't make a difference how wealthy they ended up. Aside from most of my points you ignored in this comment that I think refuted most of your premise, like getting rich off of sound investments that the majority of people can't even afford to make, I find that the rest of your conclusions are leaps in logic. 
It is common knowledge that being born wealthy equates to having much more access to wealth, and that the gap of rich and poor and  staggeringly increasing costs of college tution and limited access to basic requirements like health insurance are making it nearly impossible to be born poor and end up rich in today's economy. Most rich CEO's started out when college tuitions with inflation rate were cents on the dollar to what they are now, and you could get a job right out of high school to support a family of four. They could "become wealthy just by working hard." Doesn't apply anymore. It didn't take a $80,000 college tuition to even have a chance.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:48:25
Also, if it is truly the case that the majority of wealthy peole did not start out wealthy, it stands to reason that the majority of wealthy people in the last generation's kids are no longer wealthy, which defies common sense.
@_date: 2018-03-26 00:38:54
If and when the world realizes credit unions are the way, and people realize they don't *have* to take it in the ass by the banks every day, radical shit will happen.