@_author: greatnorthernhouses
@_date: 2016-04-23 00:42:36


Regulation and rules exist to protect ourselves from ourselves. It's as simple as that. 
Taking away these rules from the financial markets would be like stripping the roads of traffic lights, road signs, speed restrictions, laws, etc
Some markets are over-regulated which stifles them, others are under-regulated which leads to undue risks. However the common theme around the world is that we need these rules, why? because when our jobs, salary, savings, mortgage, family and lives are on the line, we demand security, safety, stability..
not risk. 
The day that human beings can fully trust each other is the day we can have fully free and unregulated markets (among many other things) Until then common sense stopgaps and rules are required
Look at this forum? moderators, rules, etiquette. Why? common sense reasons. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:05:48
Then send a nice letter to Apple asking them to explain why and what the community can do to change their minds!
The smashing of products achieves absolutely nothing and HURTS Bitcoin 
jesus christ
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:51:31
Has anyone asked Apple why they rejected it?
Why not write to them and ask what solution the community can provide
Like I said, this is 1000x better than videos of members of Bitcoin community smashing Apple products because they removed an app
There are dozens of legitimate concerns re Bitcoin at the moment for any company or business willing to come onboard - assaying those fears/concerns should be priority number 1 - not straight to violent retaliation, fuck me business 101
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:01:22
I second that
Can see potential investors and companies interested in Bitcoin asking about this..
"Why are they breaking Apple products?"
"Because Apple don't support Bitcoin"
Bitcoin is one of the best new concepts that could change the world, but the community will be defined by a minority of aggressive retards
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:30:14
Try to imagine the following
Dell no longer accepts certain intel processors for various reasons
Intel employees take it upon themselves to smash Dell products on video and upload to youtube
How do you think this reflects on Intel as a company?
How many people wrote nice letters to Apple asking them to explain the moev and offering help in trying to resolve the issue
or just choose the violent angry option which draws negative attention on Bitcoin as a whole
In any form of business this is suicide. If we want companies, entrepreneurs and other players to jump onto Bitcoin then we need to act in a normal manner - not literally throw tantrums
@_date: 2015-07-13 22:26:55


It is myself and the millions of people just like me who already suffer due to your inability to critically think. You not only punish peaceful people who wish for voluntary trade with his fellow man, you also punish and rape the financial future of the unborn. Those of you who believe in the religion of the state, truly, make me sick.
Take a democracy, e.g. Norway. Propose and explain your alternative system that will be a big improvement (just in your own words, without internet videos/blogs)
@_date: 2015-07-14 19:43:07
To be honest I've never seen the "no central authority, no government, purely privatised" model ever stand up to scrutiny
Individual components of it yes, but never the entire package


There are millions of people in the world who live and die without paying taxes to any government. Many of them are hunter-gatherers, or nomads living in places like the Western Sahara or Somalia. 
For obvious reasons developed countries can't really offer an "opt-out" clause for individuals or families who want to only pay for certain services, be exempt from national laws, etc but don't live in a remote enough areas that the government can police them to make sure they aren't using the infrastructure/services (the ones they aren't paying for) It's just not viable. 
The sensible alternative is to set up a party that promotes this kind of theory and if people want it, there'll be interest
In most developed countries, anyone is free to set up a movement/party like this
The problem is that people who support a particular model of society want to set it up alongside another within the same country, a bit like the communist party feeling that their members can just practice communism in the midst of a majority who are living in a capitalist-socialist democracy
It's not that the government is "forcing" anything, *it's just that the two types of society are not compatible side-by-side*
Apart from winning a popular mandate by the people, the only real solution is if some extraordinarily rich individual or crowdfunded project were to buy a small country-sized tract or land or island and set up a particular brand of society that mirrors what you want, and let the experiment begin
@_date: 2015-07-14 21:55:49


yes but we were discussing replacing the entire system in a country, a commune living in a couple of square miles is something else entirely
Essentially this is boiling down to a few people wanting land for free to set up their own "country within a country". There are hundreds of places on earth that are barely inhabited and if believers are so keen, why do they not move there and try it out? as I mentioned, millions of people live with no effective government/taxation
Do you support a country's government also handing land to e.g. a Communist party to allow them to set up their own system of governmence and collectivization within the country?
How would that play with everyone else? Hey I want free land too
Then we start getting into the whole "freemen" of the land thing
@_date: 2015-07-14 14:38:56


Yes I am sure, Norway's debt has been decreasing, and it doesn't have any issues servicing that debt. 
I've also just pointed out that the country has a sovereign wealth fund - a fund which can cover that debt 8 times over


So let's say if I don't want to pay for roads, parks or the police service.. I have to join a community that subscribes to that particular grouping.. or do I have to let the majority decide?
There are hundreds of services, do the people get to pick from a list?
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:43:47


The debt has been decreasing
As I mentioned previously, a government doesn't necessarily want to eliminate debt for economic reasons


Thanks for answering
Just trying to envision this here
Let's take a country with a population of 5 million. Each person/family chooses from a list of hundreds of services. That's millions of combinations. On top of that people will change their minds all the time.
Out of that let's just take one service - e.g. roads. With no regulation, many companies would competitively buy and sell portions of road across the country, like any free market. How many companies would I have to subscribe to if I just wanted to travel to the North and the West of the country but not the South. What if I wanted to change my mind. How would they handle 3 million drivers with changing subscriptions across dozens or more road companies, each of which are constantly buying and selling sections of road, entering the business and going out of business
If one company owns a stretch of road, they have to deal with every single member of the public who will use that piece of road. They will have to check that each person who uses that piece of road - is paying them to use it
These would be companies in competition with each other, they would be under no regulation or obligation what-so-ever to aid or help other companies, and if they can cause more administrational charges for another company they would.
If one company bought all the roads in the country, with no regulation it could form a monopoly, it could freely use anti-competitive measures to keep competitors out of the industry, and it could charge far higher prices. What would people do, not use the roads? there would be little recourse from profit-making competitive courts, because the law would be subjective according to each one. There'd be no national law and endless court cases.. lawyers would make a lot of money, and they wouldn't want to stop doing so
What would be the standard for the roads? with no regulation a company could lay sub-standard road, and it would be far too expensive for other companies to rip up that road and lay better quality
These companies would have heavy running costs with the sheer amount of administration, subscriptions of 3 million drivers and the logistics of ever-changing sections of road they purchase/sell
Obviously in the real world people would exploit this confusion. Who would enforce it? there's no national police, the police of an area would only be responsible for that area, the road company only for that section. Set up millions of registration plate reading cameras? there'd be thousands of court cases generated every day, across dozens/hundreds of jurisdictions, and as mentioned before with no national regulation each court operate independently, in competition with each other, on a profit only basis
With no national regulation of the courts why would anyone recognise or accept the decision of one court over another if their rulings are completely subjective..
What would stop one commune of like-minded people enforcing black/white segregation? what if someone didn't obey this communal law, who would the profit-making police serve?
In fact, how would any law be passed if there's no democracy or voting. Child Labour? equality? rights?
The devil is always in the details
@_date: 2015-07-14 18:29:14


The style of society you are describing is purely hypothetical. This is very important, because it's easy to fall into the trap of taking certain ideas that work in a democracy and applying them to a theoretical society and claiming they would somehow work in the same way when hundreds of other factors are completely different
Road-owners would be seeking to maximise profits and will obviously monopolise stretches of road. The owner of a road going between two valleys will charge the maximum amount they can knowing the relative cost of competitors having to build around those valleys
"People will just stop using the road"
They won't, everyone has a price. The more essential something is, the more people will pay.
Of course they'll have to build around home owners who refuse to move, and why would they? no one has any right to make them move, *no court has jurisdiction over them*
If it's a wealthy land-owner well he can just hire his own police. If it's a large corporation they can hire their own army. 
There's going to be a lot of monopolies in this hypothetical situation  (like EZ-pass) who be able to hire as much protection as they deem necessary
Unless people or groups are forced to become part of a certain municipality? and fall under a certain set of rules.. but that is counter to the whole hypothesis
What recourse is left?  "social ostracism" does not cut it in those situation, wealth does. 
Who will own the roads in a city of a million people? if it's multiple companies they will have to work together to maximise profits. That's not competition, it's collusion.
If one company takes control of the roads in a city, that's a monopoly and history has shown us why there are national laws against monopolies forming
Again, what's the recourse? the courts have zero jurisdiction, the court of where?
There's no national law, I can chose to ignore any laws I please. If I am rich enough I can chose to afford enough hired guns to ensure I get my way


That's just creating another monopoly with no oversight. They can create whatever laws to maximise their own profits. Only the most powerful company will win that contract, how does another company compete, set up an alternative? a more powerful company would just smother it
Like INTEL would have done to AMD long ago if it weren't for anti-competitive laws and regulations


Companies will try to maximise profits. They will take shortcuts if there are no repercussions. As mentioned privately run courts have no power, it's all about how much power you or a company wields


Mary isn't signed up for police services (she can't afford it after getting fleeced left right and center by monopolies, cartels and oligopolies). There's no public records office to look her up because too few people sign up for it to be profitable. Her family knows the courts will charge the maximum to go after Jim, but the courts have no jusridiction because Jim comes from "area 42", which is a white power commune that's armed to the teeth and practices segregation.. and no one is willing to tackle them because a) they have every "right" to do so, and b) no one is willing to risk their life


Where I live we don't have guns. As in every other country the law is backed up by the state's ability to fine people and imprison them if so needed. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 22:54:56


It's not difficult for any small community to work. The tricky part is the macro level. Even a country like Iceland can manage certain policies that would be next to impossible in much larger countries.


Where I live, most land is privately owned. Public land is divided up into reserves, parks, protected forests, etc
It's public land, which means it belongs to everyone, it can't be seized and then distributed for selective private use
Also we don't have vast tracts of public land available, it would be physically difficult to start handing out this land to some sort of Libertarian ideological group. Secondly, there would be a very.. very long line of people waiting to get this free land, it would be completely unfeasible
Lastly we do have people who don't pay tax and they live on public land. They are called travelers. They are essentially modern day nomads.
Presuming you passionately support your own subjective theory on this - the only way it is ever going to happen is if a large country decides to hand out a large portion of land to the first x number (let's say 100,000) applicants and allows them to form their own country within country (or society within a society)
That's very unlikely to happen. Not because the government is some all-controlling entity. Simply because the majority of people are unlikely to ever let it happen. The government is a wonderful scapegoat for everything, but the reality is that in developed democracies it's people chosen by people to run people.


No one ever has "enough" land. Human nature is never factored into these theories. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 13:43:10


Norwegian national debt has been decreasing. Also Norway has a sovereign wealth fund of approx 850 bn for a population of just 5 million people. Despite this the country (every country) still has to borrow in order to regulate the banks, manage cash flow and create savings bonds (among other reasons)


Which is what they are doing
My question was, if the OP is labeling democracy as the root of all evil, what system he proposes in it's place?
@_date: 2016-02-27 10:17:59
I work in a large clearing and settlement bank, there have been white papers on Bitcoin and Blockchain tech circulating already, they are most certainly interested. 
The main hurdles are security, regulation and compliance. There are currencies in the world we don't accept because the tiniest amount of associated risk is simply too much, or there are regulation issues from that country. There can't be any grey areas when handling millions/billions of other people's currency. Likewise BTC. Due to the sheer scale of intl. finance, everything moves at a snail's pace.
@_date: 2015-11-06 13:35:57
Bad news is downvoted, comments that criticise bitcoin as a future currency are downvoted
I mean who are we kidding here?
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:08:09
It's also a collective of the herd response which has been heavily studied and been shown at the core of many steep rises and dives
@_date: 2015-11-04 09:07:05
A small transaction fee likely. If it's a book transfer on internal accounts then it is pretty much instant, however if it's a wire transfer from an external source to internal or vice-versa then the process should be slower, typically depends on the cash correspondent - sometimes a few minutes, sometimes longer
Size is not actually that important for cost, it's more to do with number of transactions. I think the only time size is a factor is when it's above a certain amount (e.g. 1bn dollars) then some extra manual checks are required (to avoid someone keying in an immense amount by mistake and that cash moving around the system)
@_date: 2015-11-04 13:40:05
Why not both
@_date: 2015-11-07 10:57:15
I admire your principles, but I will guarantee that if you are a BTC holder (I presume you are) and it went up to 10,000 dollars value or higher.. you would not be thinking about those principles, or the tech.. you'd be calculating how much your holding is worth..
Just like any Wall Str stock-holder
@_date: 2015-11-13 13:09:52
Financial services require heavy cost because they have to mitigate risk, comply, provide high level security, reconcile payments/balances, etc, etc. They need the best people, the best servers, the best security - this stuff isn't cheap. 
If you wanted to start a bank tomorrow providing safekeeping and custodial services to clients - it would be very expensive
Which is why many banks are interested in blockchain technology and Bitcoin - it's an aspect that could decrease costs, and a potential service that could be added to increase client base
When BTC becomes more popular, you will see online banks springing up that will safeguard BTC holdings (when people start putting large amounts into BTC, such as savings, naturally they will want to safeguard it, pass the risk onto a third party, which will create demand for such)
@_date: 2015-11-06 10:40:56
Maybe I'm completely wrong.. but it seems like the elephant in the room - you know that its mainly a bunch of share-holders upvoting any good news in an effort to pump the value of their stock..
@_date: 2015-02-23 12:36:50


The market ultimately determines value. The government can act through the central bank to influence value  e.g. the Russian government has had to hike interest rates considerably to stem the decreasing value for the rouble. 




The ability to expand money is the reason you are typing this on a computer on the internet. It's such a universally productive idea that you'll be hard pressed to go to any country in the world, no matter how extreme their politics, and find an alternative system. 


It's a digital currency, it has advantages and disadvantages. We're all hoping it will grow, but it's not a religion to be "believed" in, it's just a product. 


It has the potential to replace all currency in the world - the reality is that it has to go through changes to do that so. 


Yeah but can your grandmother use it? hell, can your friends even use it, let alone understand it? 
My friend lost two-thirds of his savings to the "free market", aka speculators, I can tell you it will be a hell of a long time before anyone starts using it for savings, salary, mortgages, etc. 


I'd rather remove serious risk, and so would most people. 


Perhaps you should stop seeing it as some ideological battle between good (BTC) and evil (money system, politicians, banks, etc) PS did you write that blog by any chance?
@_date: 2015-02-22 19:01:04


Central banks act as regulators to control private and commercial banks. Some of which may be high risk investment banks, others may be credit unions which spread their profits among their depositors. 


There are limits, such as the liquidity ratios. After the financial crisis these limits and other regulations got a lot stricter. All money is created, however notes have to be backed otherwise they become drop in value.


In Africa maybe


If that truly was the case, no one would be investing or buying government bonds. It's not like this is a new concept, it's been happening for several hundred years.


Rich people get richer? yes they do, even when inflation is at it's current low levels. In a stable country, like Germany, Norway, etc, the living standards have been rising on general over the past decades.


People want stability, they aren't going to champion the cause of less regulations so the largest Wall Street firms can make a killing at everyone's expense. I'd rather my mortgage didn't double overnight, or my savings didn't disappear - the majority of people don't want that kind of risk in their life, especially when they have families.
We just learn slowly from harsh lessons, even recently with the financial crash. The regulators have placed stricter and harsher measures on banks and credit to try to avoid that crap happening again, whilst at the same time trying to balance them so that economies can regrow - it's all just a complex balancing act
I have BTC, it doesn't mean I have to hate or conjure up ridiculous narratives against fiat currency. Both have their advantages and disadvantages. BTC is very new, so it has to go through it's own trials and errors.
@_date: 2015-10-02 15:58:31
I went to school with Obama, he was a dope-smoking, white guy, can I get on the radio now?
@_date: 2015-02-23 17:42:21


Good point, but do they do their grocery shopping with it? can they use it out with friends? yes it's a great concept, but we all know it's practical uses are relative limited *for the moment*
That's a very important issue for mass acceptance
Look at the electric car, fantastic idea, but they've been around for 100 years..  due to tech and other infrastructure issues they haven't gained full traction, why? well do you have one? does anyone you know have one? Even hybrid cars - what reason is there not to get one? they are great for the environment, they cost less in the long run... I know one person who has a hybrid car, people just buy petrol and diesel cars. Ultimately we choose, and that is BTC's biggest challenge
Yes cash has certain issues and problems, but I can pay for stuff online in seconds, my paycheck doesn't lose value, my repayments don't suddenly change, my currency does not dip and dive - it's easy to use, there are multiple ways to manage my finances. In fact, I haven't used actual cash in several weeks now, I've been paying for everything with a debit card that takes just a few seconds to pay. There are downsides, all of this comes at a small cost - but it's one I (and many others) are willing to pay to mitigate the risk and responsibility. It's also ever changing, everything is getting more convenient. BTC is very unlikely to replace this.. however I firmly believe it does have a niche and it's own role that hasn't come close to filling it's potential yet.. but that role is very likely alongside normal cash, it isn't some battle between the two that some are trying to turn it into.


All governments everywhere? the direct democracy Swiss government? Syriza in Greece? Xi Jinping in China? "the politicians are in bed with the bankers" notion is lazy sentiment when we actually examine it. Look at HSBC, they just posted a 17% loss and have had to recruit thousands into compliance just to win back trust.. that is costing them a pretty penny


That's your subjective view. We could just as easily associate BTC with the black market, drugs, laundering, piracy, etc. BTC is not the issue, people are


Russia was never cut from Swift. Putin's nationalist policies are doing financial harm to the country. 


True, but no government in the world is ever going to allow a completely unregulated currency.
@_date: 2015-10-02 13:28:51
Take some time to read about this guy before donating
"Faull was a neighbor of McAfee.[36] In a November 2012 interview with Wired,[37] McAfee said that he has always been afraid police would kill him and thus refused their routine questions; he has since been evading the Belizean authorities.[36] Belize's prime minister Dean Barrow called McAfee "extremely paranoid, even bonkers".[38] McAfee fled Belize when he was sought for questioning concerning the murder.[39][40][41]"
"On August 2, 2015, he was arrested in Henderson County, Tennessee, on charges of driving under the influence and possession of a firearm while intoxicated.[53]"
@_date: 2015-02-23 11:16:36
I work in a large European clearance bank. I'd prefer you'd respectfully debate my points rather than ad hominem
@_date: 2015-02-22 21:58:11
Agreed. It's this "with us or against us" mentality that needs to be dropped. All these blogs do is perpetuate that type of black and white thinking with pseudo-financial conspiracies and cliched villains
Paypal isn't in some ideological battle to replace credit cards - it's just an alternative. Likewise BTC is a (complementary) alternative to standard cash.
