@_author: greatbigpig
@_date: 2014-11-29 06:02:59
A story? Any old story?  
  
Years ago, a close friend and I were travelling over a long icy city bridge. The weather sucked and we foolishly traveled on bald tires (we were flat broke) and squinted through a frosty windshield. I was the passenger, as usual, and my good buddy was doing his best to navigate and control the big, ugly, 1972 Ford Custom 500.  
As we grew closer to the top of the bridge, the car suddenly vectored sideways. Despite my buddy doing his best to regain control, we spun around multiple times on the ice in what seemed like slow motion. Within seconds we rammed the car backwards into the center guard rail. The impact dazed us both. I snapped out of it and looked forward out the windshield. Coming straight for us was a city bus.  
I recall yelling something like, "Get us the hell out of here." All I could hear was my pal cranking over the old starter. The engine had died.  
I haven't begged a car to start as much as I did that day. I looked up and saw the bus coming closer. All of this was in just a matter of seconds. I could now see the bus drivers face. He looked terrified. 
  
With the car backwards, the starter cranking, my buddy swearing at it, and the bus driver doing his best to keep the now slowly skidding bus straight, I realized that I was laughing my ass off. Everything was fucked, and my life was coming to an abrupt end in the odd slow motion disaster that was likely the end of my last day. I can still remember the look on the bus drivers face as he he saw me staring at him, laughing. I thought it was a strange way to leave the world.  
The sound of a strained starter ended, shitty tires spun on slick ice, and my friend punched the car forwards, against the oncoming traffic. The car once again lost grip and we spun again, this time 180 degrees facing the proper direction while we slid backwards, the engine dying again, alongside the still braking and sliding bus. We skidded to a halt and watched the bus straighten out and continue on.  
My buddy looked over at me and asked me what the hell I was laughing at. I wasn't sure. I recall myself saying something along the lines of, "I didn't want to go out unhappy."  
He laughed.
@_date: 2013-04-20 17:16:22
My "thought experiments" arrived at different conclusions. For those that arrived to late at the Bitcoin party, the bitcoin will simply not help them in a post collapse world.  
Your point of how the originator of this imaginary currency may become a trillionaire isn't exactly leaving me with the notion that bitcoins will help me in the event of a collapse.  
  
Also, I know it is just a scenario you envisioned to provoke thought, but ideas of child kidknapping and the relationship to bitcoin may appear as laughable and could possible make someone appear as a little nuts.  
  
Perhaps you should sleep in bed at night, beside your wife, instead of letting your imagination run wild about a bitcoin dominated future.