@_author: greencheeser
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:54:22


Oh, well fuck me then. This isn't control over bitcoin, it's just control over *exchange* of bitcoin. But what the heck else do you do with bitcoin besides exchange it, or hold it in hope of a more favorable exchange?
And freezing trade wouldn't panic anyone but would make them more secure in their investment? Isn't this what governments do when they padlock the bank doors? Puhleeze.
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:40:37


No, I am *asking* for the logical arguments in support of the predictions you made *instead of* more predictions.
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:55:13
In general, I would term all those "insults" as "warnings". I'm not bashing anybody. But I should observe that everybody I have ever seen bite the hook of some fad get-rich-quick scheme has been "enthusiastic".
@_date: 2013-05-06 04:12:32
Red herring. When have I mentioned Keynes?
@_date: 2013-05-15 20:01:59
Unless this seizure is, for example, the opening move in an attack on mtgox out of homeland security concerns. It would cost little,in terms of international relations, for the Japanese to cooperate with the US government if the goal is to close mtgox. Mtgox has been caught in what appears to be a clear violation of US law regarding unlicensed money transfer and exchange.
@_date: 2013-05-04 19:37:55
Bitpay's ability to provide a solution to volatility risk is limited, and its limitations could be fatal to Bitpay, as well as the merchants who use it. Dysfunctional exchanges are a major problem for Bitpay as well as merchants and anyone else who has a need to convert bitcoin to dollars without a loss. Let me spell it out for you step by step.
1. All of the existing bitcoin exchange floors are subject to unpredictable periods of dysfunction, ranging from milliseconds to forever, for a variety of reasons, including incapacity, hacking, DDoS attacks, fraud, or simple selling panics.
2. When this happens, it implies a loss of liquidity; nobody, including Bitpay, can exchange bitcoin for dollars, at least on that exchange floor, in a timely manner.
3. This loss of liquidity is frequently associated with large price movements; in other words, volatility. This situation is an example of "adverse market conditions" that I referred to earlier.
4. When speculators discover that they cannot unload bitcoin on an exchange floor during a selling panic, they suddenly have a large incentive to immediately unload bitcoin on merchants who accept bitcoin.
5. These merchants will then have a large incentive to attempt to instantly convert bitcoin to dollars, using Bitpay.
6. Bitpay will then find itself with large amounts of bitcoin but few dollars, and will find itself unable to convert its bitcoin to dollars because of the exchange dysfunction, at the same time that merchants are attempting to unload unusually large amounts of bitcoin onto Bitpay.
7. Therefore, unless Bitpay has unlimited risk capital, and they don't, it could be forced to default on its contracts with merchants.
8. In the case that Bitpay does have enough liquid capital to withstand a selloff, it will then find itself with large losses.
9. A consequence of 7 is that those merchants will not be able to continue to transfer the volatility risk to Bitpay. They will have to either continue suffering losses or quit accepting bitcoin.
10. In case of either 7 or 8, either the merchants or Bitpay conclude that Bitpay's business plan is not viable, and Bitpay will quit operating.
11. It does not take a very large selloff for this set of conditions to cost Bitpay, or the merchants, or the speculators, a whole lot of money.
**TL,DR;** Bitpay probably can't shield merchants from adverse market conditions for very long. Is this scenario hypothetical? Yes. Is it fairly likely to happen? Yes. Is there any mechanism in place that can keep it from happening? No.
@_date: 2013-06-09 22:28:58
I guess you never heard of technical analysis.
@_date: 2013-05-03 21:38:44
Not to mention "far more stable".
@_date: 2013-04-20 06:41:01
Welll, only a small percentage of the bitcoins that have been mined are actually being traded, whether for goods and services or for dollars. Since bitcoins have a deflationary bias, people tend to hoard them rather than spend them, so the *marketed supply* is limited. Therefore, a relatively small shift in buying or selling interest can have a disproportionately large impact on the price of bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:46:10


Can you logically support that prediction?
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:03:19
Two reasons. Bitcoin is a very interesting example of hivemind in action. Also, I have a tender spot in my heart for naive speculators and consumers who are in the process of getting burned.
BTW, please downvote me again. It's a great response to reason.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:00:22
The rationale for the account seizure was that *MtGox* is violating US law regarding money exchange and transfer. We'll probably see more seizures of MtGox accounts.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:42:46


Different tentacle, same octopus.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:34:38


Until bitcoin is generally accepted as money, ready exchange of bitcoin for dollars is vital for bitcoin to function at all  as a method for transferring value. If an enterprise sells goods or services for bitcoin, and cannot use bitcoin to purchase the labor, materials, etc., that are used to produce them, then it will need either to easily exchange bitcoin for fiat or to quit accepting bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-06-09 19:23:41
"Technical weakness" is an everyday term in market trading circles. This context should have been obvious to one and all by the time they finished reading the title of this thread. OP is not misusing it at all, but there seem to be a lot of posters mistakenly assuming that he is. "Everyone is agressive" because they are fanboys who don't know the first thing about exchange trading and speculation and who don't like anybody puncturing their favorite bubble.
@_date: 2013-05-16 07:10:48
So, if you drive 65 in a 55 zone, a cop giving you a warning might be appropriate. A ticket would also be appropriate. And if you feel that being given a ticket without warning is heavy handed and arbitrary, then you can have a date to explain your feelings to a judge.
@_date: 2013-04-11 03:19:59
Yeah, but given the recent rapid run-up in the market price of bitcoin, hardly anybody is *giving* bitcoin for products. Now, given today's "correction", anybody who accepted bitcoin and has seen its value decrease has a certain amount of regret about that transaction. And anyone, potential buyer or seller, who considers spending or accepting bitcoin is a bit uncertain about the wisdom of using bitcoin as money. This volatility thing is a major problem that may well keep bitcoin from ever being widely accepted.
@_date: 2013-05-06 17:49:38
How have any of your pumped-up, irrelevant statements contributed to answering the problem posed by OP; bitcoin's volatility will prevent it from ever becoming widely used as money?
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:19:10


But most of them are not likely to anytime soon because of the volatility issue.
@_date: 2013-05-16 07:06:30
"Fair warning", in other words.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:28:58


This question implicitly assumes that 1) you can immediately cash to any currency you want, and 2) that it is not important when, if ever, bitcoin stabilizes. 
But among the lessons of the last few days are 1) you *cannot* convert bitcoin to any currency you want whenever you want, and 2) that inability is due to the instability of the value of bitcoin in exchange for *real* currencies.
@_date: 2013-04-07 16:33:50
But this is **not** a bubble, right?
@_date: 2013-05-07 02:42:45


It's not likely that bitcoin credit will happen until bitcoin becomes considerably less volatile. Until it does, the risk to both lender and borrower is unacceptably high.


Actually, I'm arguing that it can't be a store of value at all, because it has no value other than exchange value (another technical definition), and it is not legal tender; you can't insist that anyone take it as payment. Gold has industrial value (another technical definition applies) in addition to exchange value so it can be a store of value, and has a very long track record as such. Fiat money, in addition to exchange value, has a government edict declaring it is legal tender and is the only tender accepted in payment of taxes. If you try to conduct a sufficiently large amount of economic activity without fiat money, as soon as he hears of it Uncle Sam will assign a fiat money value to it and insist that you pay taxes on it in fiat money. Uncle Sam also exerts himself to keep the supply and demand of his fiat money stable enough so that it can act as a store of value as well.


Of course I'm not saying that the bitcoins have disappeared from your wallet. I'm saying the ability of bitcoins to store value stably enough to make bitcoin useful as money is non-existent. As I have mentioned before, when a currency's value fluctuates more than about 10% per year, its utility as money starts to be significantly impaired. Bitcoin's value has fluctuated more than 10% in the last 24 hours, and 1000% (based on the lowest price) in the last 6 months. So when will bitcoin be stable enough to be useful as money?
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:27:25
You could read a bit about the necessary functions of money in almost any introductory economics text. They're summed up in the first paragraph of this wiki page:
You could go a bit further and read up on von Mises's regression theorem. 
If you do that you will understand why bitcoin, in spite of all its imaginary and real virtues, is not useful as money, and never will be. Meanwhile, bitcoin is an interesting illustration of "Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of crowds" (q.v.).
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:26:25


OK, please let me know when that "basket of goods" includes most of the stuff that most of the people spend most of their value on most of the time.
Oh fooey. Rather than discuss each of these points in detail, let's just acknowledge that they are more mere predictions in support of predictions. Your enthusiasm is not a substitute for a well founded line of reasoning.
@_date: 2013-05-06 02:33:46
So, I guess you must think that bitcoin is faultless. I don't, obviously.
I hop that you get a good return on the passion that you have invested in bitcoin, but I doubt that you will because, frankly, bitcoin doesn't know you exist and never will.
But none of that little diatribe constitutes a rational argument. The fact that Krugman and your English teacher were wrong about something once obviously has nothing to do with any virtues or shortcomings of bitcoin or its success or failure.


I recommend that you do the same. I have hardly mentioned any of the technical aspects of bitcoin. But its economic faults are fatal. 


Bitcoin is a beta. Maybe version 2.0 or so will work.
@_date: 2013-05-05 18:25:15


Hmmm, I sense that there is a great deal of hope and optimism in that statement.
@_date: 2013-05-30 05:00:22
I see.
bitcoin&gt; ? &gt; profits!
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:01:45


I think I have done enough, well, nearly enough, research, thank you. Maybe you could explain to me how Napster and bittorrent are relevant, if indeed they are. Is it because they provide some logical support for the contention that bitcoin will become a successful currency somehow? Or not? 


I am not here to troll and my mind is open. But I have not seen a cogent and valid line of reasoning to the effect that bitcoin can, and will, become a generally useful currency. Google does not provide one. Maybe you can.


Hell, you will even find a Bloomberg interview with Eric Schmidt explaining why bitcoin could quite possibly be the currency of the future. But fuck it, what does the CEO of Google - the most important tech company in the world - have over Mr Greencheeser, master of Wikipedia Economics 101.
What you have provided here is an argument from authority, rather than a sound line of reasoning. I mean, if 9 out of 10 doctors tell me that Camels are good for me, who am I to argue?
@_date: 2013-04-27 00:56:45
I'm not OP, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn a couple years ago. Anybody, including yourself, who tells you what the value of bitcoin will be in the future might be telling you the truth. Then again, they might not.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:33:45


I suppose that is a matter of great concern to all those who have endeavored to hoard fiat currency for a hundred years. Oh, wait! That's exactly the rationale for intentional inflation.
@_date: 2013-05-04 04:59:03
So I ask everyone, including you, "Can you logically support that prediction?"
And then you respond with;


the market cap is much higher
exchanges are more robust
there is a futures market
we can tie a bitcoin to a basket of goods that it can purchase
I can support each of these with a logical argument, pick the one that you find most suspect, and I'll support it for you.
and then I say;


And you respond, not with a logical line of reasoning, but with;


However, if Bitcoin continues to grow, then eventually all of those things will come true.
I can pretty much guarantee you that there will be a futures market though, even without any more Bitcoin growth. A futures market may lead to volatility reductions.
Which basically means none of your predictions in support of your original argument are worth a hoot. Except for the futures market part. I agree that there MAY, someday, be a futures market for bitcoin. Maybe. The trouble is that "if Bitcoin continues to grow, then eventually all of those things will come true" presupposes that bitcoin WILL grow, but its growth requires "those things" coming true in the first place. This is known as circular reasoning, and this is why I asked you to clarify and logically support your argument.
As to "already happening" bullet points;


Please let me know when most of the people in the USA spend most of their value on goods and services enumerated in bitcoin. Until then I will, along with most other people who are not bitcoin fanatics, remain skeptical. This "basket of goods" is not already happening.


Not already happening.


Really? So I can have a reasonable expectation that I can trade bitcoin for USD, any time, without delay, without significant risk of loss, right now? You mean there is a bitcoin exchange somewhere that has absolutely no disfunction issues? Not already happening.


Oh, uhh, about the part about "I expect volatility to reduce when" ; doesn't that kind of imply that you don't think that this is "already happening"? So, please tell me when the market cap will be much higher than it is already happening to be.
@_date: 2013-04-13 05:07:41
Market conditions also determine the amount of risk they undertake. Those market conditions may turn out to be insurmountable by Bitpay. They may be unable to exchange bitcoin for dollar, or *vice versa*, at anything other than a severe loss.
@_date: 2013-05-03 21:13:48


Still alive as an instrument for speculation and a fraud/default/hack prone virtual commodity. Not as money.
The volatility inherent in bitcoin makes it impossible to conduct reasonable business. For example, no sane person will either lend or borrow bitcoin over a useable time frame. 
@_date: 2013-05-03 22:10:55
What you have done here is use more predictions to support the original prediction. Please tell me when any of these will come true.
@_date: 2013-06-02 18:59:57
Sheesh. One of the widely touted features of bitcoin is that it can be used to send large amounts of money across international boundaries instantly, reliably, and anonymously. Illegally and immorally, too.
So, sure, you can send money to your starving aunt in Tibet without government interference, if she has a computer and unfettered internet access, etc. But you must admit that drug dealers, money launderers, terrorists, etc., will also find bitcoin to be a dream come true for illicit funds transfers.
Bitter with the sweet, and all that. 
@_date: 2013-05-16 06:55:38


The statute that applies to currency exchanges also applies to money transfer enterprises.
@_date: 2013-05-16 07:02:27
Yeah. And the US government also has lots of intelligence and lots of guns. So?
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:18:11


Yes, I know and agree. I never stated that volatility is the same as exchange floor dysfunction. What I did say is that when large price movements (volatility) occur simultaneously with exchange dysfunction, it is likely to spell big trouble for Bitpay and bitcoin merchants.


No, I'm not. In my opinion, yes, exchange dysfunction is an important factor in bitcoin volatility. It is one of a class of what we might call "exchange problems". Some other problems in this class would be; lack of market depth, lack of short selling, lack of options and futures trading, etc. These all aggravate bitcoin's volatility but they are not fundamental to it and most can be corrected without undue difficulty.
But bitcoin has some inherent shortcomings that, IMHO, impair bitcoin's usefulness as money. Some of them make it intrinsically volatile.
If you look very far into money theory, you will find concepts such as "exchange value" and "industrial value". Fiat currencies have exchange value but very little industrial value. What keeps them stable in value is the mandate that they are legal tender, governments insist on fiat as payment of taxes, and governments exert themselves to keep the supply of fiat stable. If a fiat currency's value fluctuates more than about 10% per year, it begins encountering serious obstacles to its usefulness as money. In the case of hyperinflation, it loses all functionality and people start using their paper money as fuel and toilet paper.
Gold is pretty good both from the exchange value and industrial value standpoint. It has been used as money since prehistoric times, and may well continue to be used as money well into the future. The industrial value of gold is crucial to supporting its utility as money. One of the functions of money is the "store of value" function, and  industrial utility supports this function well and pretty much automatically. Fiat currencies require continual maintenance and attention to keep their store of value function at all. If the government or central bank slip up too much for too long, you get real problems, like hyperinflation.
Bitcoin has pretty good exchange value, better than gold and fiat in several ways, but it has no industrial value at all. About the only thing you can do with bitcoin is keep it or exchange it. Yes, you can encrypt data in bitcoin, but that serves only to enhance its exchange value.
Why is industrial value important? It provides a floor of value. People know that commodity money with industrial value will not become worthless, so they have confidence in saving it and accumulating it for delayed purchases, and lending it for deferred repayment with interest. They have confidence that their money will be worth about the same tomorrow as it is today, so very few people speculate in money. The few who do are normally expert traders with well funded, highly leveraged accounts covered with derivative instruments. Not a good game for any but the most sophisticated traders. Even they get nailed sometimes.
But bitcoin has no industrial value. No floor of value. No intrinsic value. Only exchange value. It is worth only what someone will offer for it, and has no alternative value. So on an exchange, even an efficiently functional exchange, one day interest in bitcoin is low, so the price is low. Maybe then there is a news special about bitcoin, so interest picks up, and so does the price. Maybe that draws attention from the media and more potential speculators and the price goes up some more. Maybe, somewhere along the way, somebody who owns a lot of bitcoin and is very pleased with its price increase, decides the price increases are not sustainable and sells a lot, sparking a panic. But none of these people can give you a sound argument as to why the value of bitcoin should be *X* as opposed to *2X* or *X/2*, other than that's what the exchange price is right now. No intrinsic value. Houses, cars, shares, commodities, even gold, have intrinsic value. Not bitcoin. That's why it is inherently volatile.
There's another, related problem, which aggravates bitcoin's inherent volatility. Not much bitcoin is actually being used in commerce. A lot of bitcoin, about half the bitcoin in existence, is closely held and has never been spent or traded on an exchange. Most of the rest is held and traded by speculators on exchanges. Not much at all gets spent on goods and services. So the majority of bitcoin that is transacted is traded on exchanges in speculation, by people who cannot come anywhere close to determining an intrinsic value for it.
That's my take on bitcoin's volatility.
**TL,DR;** Bitcoin is inherently volatile because it has no industrial value, just exchange value; nobody can assign an intrinsic value to it. Its volatility is aggravated by its being used almost solely as a speculative instrument on exchanges, and not being used in general commerce to purchase goods and services.
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:54:30


Anybody who cares about using bitcoin as actual *money*, ya know? Like anybody that does not want to lose the benefit of their labor, skill, scrimping, saving, etc., because of a foolish investment in an unstable value system.
@_date: 2013-07-13 04:23:24


It looks like InTrade was extremely poor at predicting some things, too. Like its own insolvency.
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:47:51


Not really. When I can get a loan in bitcoin to buy a car or a house, when I can pull bitcoin out of my pocket and buy a loaf of bread or a haircut without having to travel out of town, when my bank will maintain an account enumerated in bitcoin, **then** I would accept that as a "large number of applications".


Well, here is a basic problem with bitcoin. Its value won't be stable until it is widely accepted, and it won't be widely accepted until its value is stable. Maybe somebody will figure out how to fix that. Maybe not.


So how do we change bitcoin to wide use and well established from its current situation?
@_date: 2013-05-04 06:15:43


Well, it most definitely *is* a requirement for the general public, as opposed to a rather small number of bitcoin fanatics, to accept bitcoin as money, if it will ever *be* money. This is why I keep referring to the wiki article on money and its functions. Please get back to me with any counter arguments you may have with it. Until the majority of people are willing to give and accept bitcoin as payment in most of their transactions, it will remain a fringe pseudocurrency. Sorry, I did not make the rules.


The price of *all* marketable commodities can be tied partly to any other given marketable good. That statement does not point to any purported advantage of bitcoin in this regard.


If you mean that a futures market for bitcoin is "already happening", then your point is weak.


No, I didn't. What I asked for was;


There is an important distinction there, whether or not you are willing to distinguish it.


I guess we agree on something, at least. But how many years? 
But my main point is that there are inherent inadequacies in bitcoin that are popularly disregarded and that will prevent it from ever becoming a widely accepted currency, and which also will ensure that its attempted use as money will remain disfunctional. This implies that speculation in bitcoin is misguided, and that nobody can predict when it will be abandoned as a prospective currency, or when it will take off in some temporary and volatile speculative frenzy followed by a market crash. But if you prefer bitcoin odds to Vegas odds, please enjoy yourself to the max.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:40:51
"Growing pains" assumes growth. But volatility is one of the things that keeps bitcoin from growing in acceptance, hence the OP. Can you support your assertion?
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:17:40


I doubt that I am the only one who has noticed that.
@_date: 2013-05-03 18:00:56
One of the necessary functions of money is "store of value", which subsumes stability. Volatility, whether upward or downward defeats stability. If the value of money declines too rapidly, people will tend to avoid accepting it in trade. But if it increases rapidly people will avoid parting with it. 
Volatility in money makes it impossible to conduct business. This dooms bitcoin to be nothing more than a speculative toy and a fringe pseudocurrency.
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:48:21


Like, while he waits for the exchange to reopen?
@_date: 2013-05-03 20:55:22


But calling me ignorant is not an insult? Please point out any error I have made in fact or logic. And what insult I have made.


I'm sorry, but all the passion in the world will not make bitcoin a viable currency. Please read up on your economics.
@_date: 2013-05-04 11:16:20


Scroll down. It's there.
Here's a shortcut;
 And then, you could could pursue von Mises and his regression theorem, as well as his work on money and credit.
@_date: 2013-04-11 04:31:45
Funny, I had the impression that avoidance of arbitrary third party control was one of the main attractions of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:01:38
Yeah, and most merchants don't want to play that game either. They risk enough already.
@_date: 2013-05-08 01:33:18


Kind of like a cyber hawala?
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:23:27
It's not investment advice. It's a claim based on sound and well-accepted economic theory that bitcoin has shortcomings that will prevent it from ever becoming "money". Please base your investing strategy on your own research, as I do. Meanwhile, when a person with a vested interest in bitcoin says "We are entering an uncharted world right now" and then says "It's a huge, huge, huge deal."  from the other side of his mouth, I take his statements with a huge, huge grain of salt.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:16:22


That's an interesting prediction. Do you have a valid line of reasoning to support it?
@_date: 2013-04-13 06:54:17


OK, how will the market cap grow that much without bitcoin stabilizing first? Volatility is one thing, not the only thing, that prevents bitcoin from being commonly accepted as money.
@_date: 2013-05-03 18:59:41
Fine, except the volatility will keep the bitcoin economy from growing. 
@_date: 2013-05-04 11:29:26
I would include Bitpay in that class of businesses that are at risk of failure because of the volatility of bitcoin. Think about it. How can Bitpay guarantee to insulate its clients from bitcoin's volatility without potentially fatal risk when exchanges are not reliably efficient? The basic problem is that when exchanges such as MtGox become dysfunctional due to a selling panic or some such, that is precisely the time when holders of bitcoin will seek alternative ways to unload bitcoin. Like by buying merchandise from vendors who hope to use Bitpay to bear the burden of unfavorable price movements.
@_date: 2013-05-04 03:02:42
The power of the relevant government is what gives fiat currency any value at all.
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:15:31
I do not immediately see how BitPay will be able to sustain a fee that low.
The credit card companies face risks such as stolen cards and fraud, as well as default by cardholders, and need to earn interest on the line of credit they give the cardholders. Because they extend credit to the purchaser, they facilitate and thereby increase sales, so their fee is plausibly reasonable. Most merchants agree, and undertake to accept credit cards. The merchant can increase his price by 2% for this benefit, and probably already has somehow. The risks the card companies assume are not likely to rapidly increase *en masse* under ordinary circumstances.
But BitPay is, *de facto*, making a market in bitcoin. They assume the risk that bitcoin value and liquidity fluctuations could cause large losses to all of their accounts at once, posing a problem for the long term survival of their company. It is the purchaser, not BitPay, that chooses the market timing. (One might guess that a lot of purchasers might choose to unload bitcoin at about the same time when the price of bitcoin is declining steeply and the exchange floors are dysfunctional.) Since short selling bitcoin is not available just now, BitPay cannot hedge their market positions in order to reduce their risk. So, as a merchant using BitPay, you *do* assume the risk that BitPay will default.
At the same time, they do not extend credit for more than a few minutes: as an online exchange service, they are more like a debit card than a credit card. They do not facilitate and increase sales to the extent that credit cards do (unless bitcoin acceptance is worth more than credit acceptance [not yet, I think]) because the purchaser is debited immediately. 
So as a merchant, you ought to calculate how much the benefit you receive from credit cards at a cost of 2% compares to the benefit you receive from BitPay at 1.6%. Whatever result you come up with, I don't think it's a no brainer.
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:05:55
Real time conversion is an ideal concept that is rarely experienced in reality. Especially with bitcoin the last few days.
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:27:38
Hmmm. Someone prefers downvoting to rational discourse.
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:51:27
Yeah. And Bitpay has unlimited resources to absorb trading losses when they can't hedge *their* market position?
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:57:39
Please give me another downvote. It's so much more *intelligent*, you know, than a sound line of reasoning.
@_date: 2013-05-16 06:49:41


Aesop, and many people, perhaps a majority, have known that since many years BC. It's kind of sad that so many people have yet to learn this simple lesson.
@_date: 2013-05-04 04:10:23


I would say that you have centered on the key concept there. Finding it is a lot cheaper than extracting it. There is a very large amount of gold dissolved in sea water, but nobody knows how to extract it economically.
@_date: 2013-05-17 06:27:35
It is neither illegal nor unlikely that the US would ask for, and receive, cooperation from the Japanese authorities in an investigation, or even extradition, before any sort of proof of criminal activity is obtained.
@_date: 2013-05-04 01:44:45


OK, please explain the errors of fact and logic in that "bullshit".
@_date: 2013-05-05 18:42:47


I don't think it's a different discussion. The basic question of the OP is "As a customer, why would I continue to choose to use such a volatile currency?" This whole discussion is about things like bitcoin's volatility, why bitcoin is not more widely accepted, to what extent can an enterprise like Bitpay shield merchants from volatility risk, etc. The discussion then necessarily gravitates to the question of why bitcoin is so volatile in the first place. The discussion of money theory and value is necessary in order to make sense of the shortcomings of bitcoin that cause its volatility.


OK, but the theory's elements, with variations, are fundamental to economics. 


I agree that it does. If there were no people, there would be no value. 


People are not completely free in this regard. For example, if we are to survive, we must have water. If we don't get enough of it, we die. Therefore, we have a built-in biological impulse to value water. That doesn't necessarily imply a high price for water because it is usually plentiful. But when it is scarce the price can go very high. In other words, we are forced by objective conditions to assign value.
So what is *your* explanation of why bitcoin is so volatile?
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:55:55


A typical merchant, on the other hand, may have a need for far greater amounts. The volatility of bitcoin could ruin a merchant, which is why few of them accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-06 20:59:03
Oh, this?


I guess we could answer this with another question "What are the things that set bitcoin apart from other currencies that attracted you to it in the first place?"
None of bitcoin's core fundamentals have changed, only its relative USD/BTC value. If you believe in the longterm value of everything a decentralised currency entails, then you are no better or worse off than you were 2 weeks ago when your 'investment' was seeing double its return.
In short, whether you buy low or buy high - it doesn't matter if you are in it for the long haul and recognise that the infrastructure problems will eventually be ironed out and that, with time, you will be rewarded for your patience.
The implication of this statement is that you should neither use bitcoin to speculate short-term nor to use it in commercial transactions. Just keep it for the long term and it will settle down and be valuable someday. The problem is, that if it is never used in commerce it will never be useful as money, and will therefore never gain stable value, and will remain volatile. This is known as a vicious circle and it is built into the structure of bitcoin


If you could refute any of the fact and logic in that "FUD", I suppose that you would. Your continual evasion of addressing the sound economic principles involved tells me that you can't make a rational case, and instead resort to pumping your own expertise, expressing yourself with "FUD" and "derp derp derp", and resorting to name calling. If you do have a valid, rational case about how bitcoin will necessarily achieve stable value in the long term and gain general acceptance as money, please state it.
@_date: 2013-05-06 06:30:38


Uhh, stability and convertibility? 
@_date: 2013-04-13 14:32:24
It's not that they *do not attempt* to sell instantly, but sometimes they *cannot*. 
Bitcoin is thinly traded, the exchanges are undercapitalized and inexpert,  and they are unable to deal with sudden large increases in trading volume. I think this has been adequately demonstrated this week.
@_date: 2013-04-27 04:57:36
That would work great when MtGox can provide immediate exchange. But how about those times when prices change too rapidly for liquidity to be available, or they are getting a DDoS attack, or buying/selling pressure exceeds their capital resources when the banks are closed, or if the banks close MtGox's accounts, etc.?
@_date: 2013-04-13 05:38:31
Okay, I will accept that small market volatility is unavoidable, if you will accept that bitcoin's growth and reduction in volatility is far from certain.
@_date: 2013-05-03 21:03:12
The technological innovations are brilliant. However, the economic blunders implicit in bitcoin will prevent it from ever becoming a widely used currency.
@_date: 2013-06-09 19:02:38


He's referring to technical analysis of price and volume in exchange trading of bitcoin over time, not to the  technical features of bitcoin *per se*.
As far as obvious technical weakness goes, about 2 months ago the price of bitcoin appreciated steeply and then crashed. It has been in a downtrend since then. Over the last two weeks, high volume trading has been associated with strong downward price movements, which is likely to mean large holders of bitcoin are selling into a market with little demand. That's obvious technical weakness.
And people are "shouting HOLD IT", as if they are certain that the price will rise significantly in the future. Maybe it will, maybe it won't.
@_date: 2013-05-04 01:39:05


I never claimed that no one is able to buy *something* of value *somewhere* using bitcoin. I do make the claim that bitcoin is not generally useful as money because of built-in shortcomings that defy economic reality. Please let me know when you find a bank dumb enough to write a mortgage in bitcoin.


I don't quite get your point here. On the one hand, are you arguing that people do not have a tendency to save things that they perceive as increasing in value, and dispose of things that they perceive as decreasing in value? Or are you arguing that the value of bitcoin is unpredictable, but it is useful as money in spite of that because the present value of goods can clearly exceed the expected future value of bitcoin. I mean, if the value of bitcoin is unpredictable, how can anyone have a reasonable expected future value for it?


Yeah, as long as the exchanges stay functionally efficient. And, of course, there is never evidence to the contrary posted on a near daily basis on this forum. Exchanges never halt trading, have DDoS attacks, get hacked, rob or defraud participants, get shut down by governments, or merely lose function because of heavy trading volume. If the exchanges don't stay efficient, Bitpay, etc., are out of business.


Fringe pseudocurrency. The businesses you refer to are fringe businesses that are willing to take a large risk in order to gain market.   They **accept bitcoin as payment**, and either convert it to fiat as quickly as possible, or keep it for speculation. But they do not operate their business in bitcoin. They rely on fiat money to run their business. They rely on dollars, or euros, etc., not bitcoin. Please get back to me when I can get a bitcoin loan to buy a house or a car, or when merchants get credit in bitcoin to pay for inventory in bitcoin, to suppliers that accept bitcoin and have employees who accept paychecks in bitcoin and landlords, utility companies, etc., that accept bitcoins in payment. Let me know when I can use bitcoin to buy groceries, gas, haircuts, etc., or use bitcoin to fund my children's education or fund my retirement plan. In the meantime, no sane business operates on bitcoin.


bitcoin reminds me of someone touting a chain letter. Repeat after me; fringe pseudocurrency.
hivemind in action
naive speculators
Those are warnings, not insults. Each of them is supported by fact and logic. Were they addressed as insults to any particular person? Am I sullying the honor of bitcoin? The only reason I can think of that you would take those as insults is that you have some emotional investment in bitcoin. It's OK if you do, but the business environment is not very forgiving of inaccurate judgement. I mean, we see complaints on this forum every day from people who somehow got screwed via involvement with bitcoin. If you want to be so optimistic about bitcoin that you ignore, or argue with, the difficulties that I have mentioned, feel free to do so. But please don't characterize me as insulting when I am not. 




@_date: 2013-04-26 20:45:51
What you label as a healthy price trend is actually not, IMO. If bitcoin is going to be used as money, it must have a stable value. Most "real" currencies begin to exhibit significant stability problems if their value fluctuates more than 10% per year. This lack of stability is usually inflationary, but can be deflationary too, as with bitcoin. If a money inflates too much, people begin to avoid lending it or accepting it as payment. If it deflates too much, people avoid borrowing it or spending it. Either way, it doesn't work well as money.
Unfortunately, if bitcoin were to become generally useful as money, it would need to achieve a market capitalization approaching the size of the money supply of a major nation, say a hundred billion dollars or so. That's a value of about $5000 per bitcoin, which implies that bitcoin has a very strong deflationary bias built into it. That in turn implies that it will never become generally used as money, and that it will remain a fringe cryptocurrency and a speculative toy until it is abandoned.
But I like the full retard label. I hope nobody gets stuck with a lot of bitcoin that they can't sell without a big loss, but I suspect that they already have.
@_date: 2013-05-06 06:45:28
I think that what is important to the average Joe, in this context, is that he can use his paycheck the way he wants, quickly and easily, securely and privately, without having to pay through the nose for efficient and trustworthy financial services. 
There are several difficulties with bitcoin that may well incent development of one or more competitive digital currencies. (No, I don't think that litecoin or ripple even come close.) There is not much to prevent practically anyone from developing a new digital currency, especially if they are well funded, have expertise, profit potential, etc. So bitcoin is bound to see competition.
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:54:54


Hmmm, 20/20 hindsight. There must have been lots and lots of idiots; well funded idiots. But how could you have explained, beforehand, to those idiots, precisely *how* they were being idiots. Did you know or try back then? And how could you do likewise today in regard to bitcoin? Maybe we will all know ten years from now.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:31:09


Actually, bitcoin competes with other currencies in objective space. The credit risk inherent to bitcoin is unacceptable relative to other moneys. The confiscations are not coupled with the currency, or with its credit risk, but with the banking system and government where they occur. I would think that the Cypriot government would be just as happy to confiscate gold or dollars as euros. It is claimed that bitcoin is more confiscation proof than other currencies, and maybe it is, but that alone doesn't make it useful as currency.


I don't think it's likely, because of several inherent faults, as I have discussed at some length. 


I think the intentional inflation policy is misguided and foolish, but it has not disabled the dollar. That loss in value translates to an inflation rate of 2 to 3 percent per year. The future value of the dollar is also predictable enough to enable credit transactions. Bitcoin, on the other hand, frequently fluctuates 2 or 3 percent *in one minute* and its future value is inherently difficult or impossible to predict. Yes, I predict that its future value will eventually approach zero, but I sure can't tell if that will happen in six months or six years. And nobody can  tell what bitcoin's value will be, say, 90 days from now.


The EUA/euro was negotiated as a treaty under the guidance of financial and economic experts and made into law, and you have probably noticed what a mess it's in. Governments can make any law they want, no matter how ridiculous. (The Indiana Pi Bill comes to mind. Wiki it if you like.) Just as that Pi Bill disregarded basic math, bitcoin disregards fundamental economics.
I think bitcoin will never take off, not only because it is flawed, but because it will have to compete in the future with other cryptocurrencies that may come along and are better designed. Litecoin and Ripple don't make the cut; they are frankly imitative of bitcoin and are equally flawed. I won't vote on MintChip because I haven't studied it enough. But I think it is fairly safe to say that a well designed cryptocurrency will be introduce before very long.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:11:52
No way to go but up. Forever.
@_date: 2013-05-05 19:17:08


As should be obvious from my comments, I think bitcoin has shortcomings that will prevent it from ever become a widely accepted cybermoney. However, it is possible, and desirable, to design a better currency without those faults.
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:42:49
I was right with you until you started predicting the future of bitcoin. Aside from security, it has other shortcomings. Someone is likely to develop a better cryptocurrency that will outdo bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-03 21:34:13


I don't see how you managed to read that opinion into any statement I made.


Sure, as long as the exchanges stay functional, don't halt trading, don't undergo DDoS attacks, don't get hacked, don't abscond with the funds, don't get shut down by the authorities, etc. And as long as the price changes are not rapid enough to far exceed Bitpay's transaction fee during the finite time interval it takes to complete a multi-party transaction. But I guess those things hardly ever happen, so they can be disregarded.


Okay, when I want to buy an alpaca or a StompRomp guitar, I'll go through the necessary hurdles to transact in bitcoin. Please don't hold your breath. Meanwhile, please let me know when the bank will write me a car loan in bitcoin, or when I can use it to buy bread and milk at my local grocery store.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:38:04


And the US government has no influence with the government of Japan?
@_date: 2013-05-04 03:29:06


That's wonderful if you are holding bitcoin as a speculative instrument. But if you had actually spent bitcoin for a purchase at the beginning of the year, you would regret the transaction when its purchasing power was up 800%, unless, of course, the value of the goods you purchased had increased by *more* than 800%. Even then, you would likely be happier if you had spent dollars, rather than bitcoin. And if you had accepted bitcoin in payment, you would regret doing so after bitcoin's value declined from $260 to $60. Either way, any large transaction in bitcoin entails a large risk. Small transactions entail a small risk. So, is this germaine to the question of "Why are people reluctant to engage in transactions with bitcoin and would prefer to use it in speculation"?
@_date: 2013-06-17 08:21:28
If wishes were horses then beggars would ride.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:37:13
I agree. There are currencies that are worse than bitcoin. For example, I'm a multi-trillionaire in Zimbabwean dollars.
Unfortunately, none of this makes bitcoin more useful.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:23:24
The seizure target was MtGox, not dwolla. We can expect to see more seizures and closures of MtGox accounts at other banks, money transfer companies, etc. Exchange between bitcoin and dollars will become progressively more difficult.
@_date: 2013-05-16 07:54:37
Not to mention helping to prevent default and fraud.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:48:09
Welll, it looks like trading on mtgox has stopped, at least temporarily. Meanwhile, the decline in btc price continues on other exchanges, and their volume has increased considerably. Do you think they should suspend trading too? Would it do any good if they did?
@_date: 2013-05-15 20:05:20
Right. And those are two features that bitcoin is unlikely to ever enjoy.
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:29:22
Thanks for your most revealing comment yet! Now, if you have a valid line of reasoning I would be happy to address it.
@_date: 2013-04-13 07:05:36


That assertion has been rather thoroughly refuted the last few days.
@_date: 2013-07-13 08:20:30
Hmm. You mean that there was a significant future event, affecting all of the players at InTrade, that InTrade's actual service was completely unaware of or oblivious about? 
@_date: 2013-04-27 05:03:20
That might work well when the value of bitcoin is not changing rapidly. But when it does change rapidly, many of their customers will be depositing/withdrawing bitcoin, with correspondingly few reciprocal transactions, which leaves Paypal holding an unfortunate bagful of market options. In otherwords, they get stuck.
@_date: 2013-06-09 18:44:52


He's discussing technical analysis of exchange trading volume and price of bitcoin over time, not technical features of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:33:06


So, are you contending that people do not complain of being burnt via bitcoin, sometimes severely, on a daily basis on this very forum?
@_date: 2013-04-24 20:00:30


The point made by OP is that there is a requirement to understand cryptography, computer security, etc, *if you don't want to have your bitcoin lost or stolen*.
@_date: 2013-05-16 01:49:37
Or how about bitcoin becoming less liquid because ready exchange is impaired?
@_date: 2013-04-26 21:00:54
Huh? How else can you have liquidity and predictable pricing? How else can you convert large sums in any old fiat currency, like dollars and euros, into bitcoins and back again in a timely manner, and do this all over the world?
@_date: 2013-05-06 19:06:29


Why do you think that is? Why are instances of hyperinflation common, while hyperdeflation is rare?


Perhaps we differ here. I'm contending that these difficulties must be corrected *before* bitcoin will function as money.


Not exactly, I think. Point one is about deflation rather than volatility. You can have deflation/inflation without volatility. Volatility is not price change, it's *large, rapid, and unpredictable price change*. Let's hypothesize that bitcoin will eventually become the world's only currency, and that it is all circulating. The world's annual gross product would have to be transacted in bitcoin. Since bitcoin is purportedly more friction free than fiat money, let's say that it can achieve a velocity of 1, measured logarithmically; the market cap of bitcoin would need to be one tenth of world annual gross product, which is approximately 70 trillion dollars. So bitcoin's market cap would need to be 7 trillion, implying a value for one bitcoin of about 350 million dollars. Thats deflation! Even if bitcoin were to be used for only one tenth of world GDP, each one would be worth 35 million dollars. That provides a large incentive for everyone to hoard, rather than spend bitcoin, which means that this scenario will never, ever happen. This is a separate issue from volatility.
Point two addresses volatility directly, obviously. Excessive volatility makes it impossible to predict the future value of the item under consideration, which is what makes it impossible to use bitcoin as actual money. Money being defined as a generally accepted object for payment for goods, services, and debts, and which entails several necessary functions or properties. Which brings us to point three, which points out one of the necessary functions of money that is completely lacking in bitcoin.
Point three addresses the question; *why is bitcoin volatile*? It answers that bitcoin has no store of value. The value of fiat money is not that banknotes can be used as wallpaper, etc., which happens after it has lost its function as money. Fiat money retains value because its supply and demand are controlled by the government. It adjusts demand by first insisting that it is legal tender and the only method for payment of taxes, and also by adjusting tax rates and structure. It adjusts supply by selling and buying bonds and by printing money or creating digital account balances. If the government does a good job of managing its fiat money, it will store value well and facilitate an efficient and healthy economy. Unfortunately, the government is controlled by venal politicians and cronies, so we all know how that's going to play out. But the point is that fiat money can be a store of value, even if it requires constant and responsibly intelligent management, whereas bitcoin as designed cannot function as a store of value.
Hmm, maybe bitcoin 2.0
@_date: 2013-07-13 05:07:37
Anyway, your comment is otherwise irrelevant.
You mean the part about how InTrade is not extremely valuable for anything just now?
@_date: 2013-05-03 22:21:58
No. Are you? Kindly review the wikpedia page about money, or practically any introductory economics text. The shortcomings of bitcoin that will prevent it from ever becoming money should become very clear. 
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:17:10
Well, thank you for sharing your experience with Napster and bittorent, although I do not immediately see how they are relevant. Are you trying to argue that since they were successful that bitcoin necessarily will be?


Okay, please explain to a loud-mouthed idiot like me, one more time, how bitcoin is the money of the future in spite of its obvious shortcomings.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:33:05
Credit cards have advantages that Bitpay doesn't. Like, uhhh, CREDIT? Credit increases sales. The chargeback is a risk to the seller, but fraud protection for the purchaser. There are good reasons why merchants are happy to accept credit cards, but not bitcoin.
In offering that service, Bitpay assumes a very large risk. So large that Bitpay is not likely to stay in business very long without huge amounts of risk capital. For example, as of this writing, bitcoin's price has seen a high of about $115 and a low of $80 in the last 24 hours. How can Bitpay cover that kind of volatility with a .99% fee?
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:50:19


Sure, but it's a lot easier to keep my SS number off the internet or my computer without losing the ability use it. But it's hard to do anything at all with bitcoin without computers and the internet.


I guess that might be because the relevant transaction volume is even more orders of magnitude greater than bitcoin's market cap. That is partly because the credit cards are so much easier to use safely than bitcoin, which is germaine to the whole point of this discussion.


He made several other potential security lapses, even though he's relatively tech savvy,and the savviest of the commenters seem to have trouble agreeing which of them were at fault. Which again touches on the point of the OP.
Which point is; Even sophisticated players experience loss through theft, fraud, exchange closure, default, etc. These are reported every day on this forum. It takes a good deal of skill to avoid being burnt with bitcoin. So don't play hardball until you're ready.
@_date: 2013-04-20 23:12:32
Divisibility of bitcoin, no matter how fine, is not the issue, IMHO. The problem is that bitcoin has a pronounced deflationary bias built in, which incents hoarding and inhibits widespread acceptance of bitcoin, which increases volatility, which is likely to lead to the eventual abandonment of bitcoin.
Edit: in other words, divisibility does not trump deflation.
@_date: 2013-05-06 23:45:16


There is an important distinction between hoarding and saving. When money is saved, it is deposited in banks or invested somehow, in expectation of interest or profit. In either case, it remains in circulation, so the available supply of money does not decrease and there is no particular tendency toward deflation. Hoarding removes money from circulation, causing a decrease in the money supply, which is deflationary. Technically, the terms "inflation" and deflation" do not apply correctly to bitcoin because it is not "money" generally accepted in circulation and used generally to account for value. But they are informative as to whether bitcoin will ever become money. If bitcoin is hoarded too much, it will not ever circulate enough to become money, obviously. And bitcoin is not being saved in the technical sense; nobody, to my knowledge, is lending or offering interest bearing savings accounts in bitcoin.


The definition of "store of value" has a technical meaning as used in money theory. When you examine this definition;


you can see that bitcoin does not technically act as a store of value. It falls short in terms of stability, reliability,and predictable usability. I would add that bitcoin's purported, though non-existent, ability to store value is fundamentally different from fiat money, which is able to store value because of government regulation and manipulation.
*Edit; deflation &gt; inflation*
@_date: 2013-05-05 03:11:48


I did not say that it is. I did imply that when you download the software needed to store and transact bitcoin securely, you have a distinct likelihood of obtaining malware. Bitcoin, in spite of its vaunted security advantages, is a prime target for hackers, especially when it can be found in large accounts. So, if you want to live large in bitcoin, you better get large computer security expertise.


Sure, you can also buy bitcoin coffee mugs, banjos, and alpacas. OK, so you do not deal well with facetious examples. But the fact remains that bitcoin is not used very much in general commerce, to buy actual goods and services, compared to its use in speculative exchange transactions. This is a major problem with bitcoin and it is not getting better very quickly. Nowhere near quickly enough to make it a useful money in the foreseeable future. And if not in the foreseeable future, then when?


So I guess you haven't noticed that reports of loss due to hacking, fraud, default, and various other forms of cybertheft are pretty much an everyday occurrence on this forum?


No, just mainly the ones where bitcoin is traded. MtGox, the biggest, gets a DDoS or shuts down practically every week, or more often. What was that other one? Uhhh, Bitfloor. And then there were a few others. Let's see. Bitomat, Mybitcoin, Bitcoinica, Bitcoin Savings and Trust, Instawallet. I dunno, there might be a few others. But, of course, you can provide even more examples of bitcoin exchange service providers that have NEVER had a security or liquidity fault, right?


"People who are getting burned" also includes ordinary people of good will who have good reason to find bitcoin attractive to use in ordinary commerce, then they get burned, and then they abandon all idea of ever using bitcoin again. You know, merchants, buyers, suppliers, etc., who do not hope for much more than the opportunity to conduct business in good faith for good value.


I guess you think that accusing someone of being a troll is a valid argument. I have found that name calling usually means that the accuser has no valid argument, which is why he resorts to name calling. 
By the way, ANY forum about bitcoin is necessarily a forum about speculation. I guess maybe you haven't noticed how many posts on this forum are about speculation. But if you are a bitcoin true believer who is interested only in self serving bitcoin orthodoxy in preference to rational exploration of economic principles as they relate to bitcoin, then your remark is at least internally consistent.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:40:10


That's a *non sequitur*. There are, however, plenty people using it as a medium for speculation.
@_date: 2013-05-03 22:14:00
If you demand sufficient interest to come close to covering your risk, nobody would pay it. The risk also affects the borrower. Who would want to borrow bitcoins at a value of $100 and have to pay them back at a value of $200 in a year?
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:29:41
Meanwhile, I'm still waiting for the logical arguments in support of the implicit claims that you made. Not that they won't make bitcoin less volatile, if they ever happen, but that they have any likelihood of ever happening. I mean, I could say "I can buy a much nicer house when I score an extra million bucks.", but having it actually happen is another thing again.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:18:57


A necessary part of the maturation process? Please explain how this is not, instead, a fatal birth defect.
@_date: 2013-04-27 19:17:58
That might work just fine as long as the market is functioning well; when the exchange is actually operating rather than stalled by a DDoS attack or large volume, when the price movements are not so rapid as to prevent immediate exchange without loss, when their transaction is not so large as to cause an unfavorable price change, etc. But any of those eventualities could cause a fatal loss to Bitpay.
@_date: 2013-04-07 18:24:11
Not me, but I *do* notice the striking analogy between the value of bitcoin and the value of tulips.
@_date: 2013-05-04 06:50:12
OK, disregard all I have tried to tell you that may, somehow, help you to avoid misfortune. If you perceive advantages to bitcoin that were never possible before, please enjoy them to the fullest. Ignore, at your whim and whimsy, the combined wisdom of the economists I have mentioned. Live long and prosper.
@_date: 2013-05-17 00:14:53
Yeah, especially when you do this, not for your own account, but for customers, and especially across international boundaries.
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:15:43
So, how does one go about that? None of the bitcoin exchanges have a very long track record, and instances abound of exchange failure/default/fraud.
@_date: 2013-06-09 21:05:41
Every single redditor had a zero posting record once, which means that a zero posting record is completely meaningless in evaluating someone's expertise or lack of it, or as a measure of their credibility. It also has nothing to do with the substance of the argument.  So calling out a zero posting record most certainly is an *ad hominem* fallacy.
 OP claims to be an experienced trader. Maybe so, maybe not. But I haven't seen anything in his brief posts that makes me suspect he is not. On the other hand, it is quite clear that some other posters don't have much of a clue about the topic. And they don't seem to want to get one. 


I agree. Accepting investment advice from anonymous redditors is unwise. But OP is not saying "BUY!" or "SELL!". In fact, he is doing the opposite. He is advising speculators to rid themselves of emotional bias and to educate themselves about trading before they get burned. Seems legit to me.
Technical weakness in bitcoin's price and volume action is obvious to anyone who cares to investigate the topic.
@_date: 2013-06-09 19:27:52


Which clearly means that he could never keep up with the experts around here.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:54:39


As long as those big swings don't wipe out Bitpay, *et al*. Meanwhile they assume a significant risk and will need to charge for that service if they are to stay in business. Unfortunately, that fee is a disincentive to use bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:48:23
Is that a chart of exchange volume (e.g., Mt. Gox) or of volume of purchases of goods and services?
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:10:56
In order for bitcoin to become a viable alternative money, anyone who sells value for bitcoin must be able to replace that value somehow. If that value replacement cannot be funded with bitcoin because it is not widely accepted, then the bitcoin must be readily exchanged for fiat. If bitcoin cannot be readily exchanged for fiat, it might as well be monopoly money.
@_date: 2013-05-03 19:17:42
Yeah, right. Next time I want to buy some junk software, computer games, and bitcoin coffee mugs I'll be sure to go to the trouble of getting the soft[mal]ware, an extra computer for offline wallet storage, learn waaay too much about computer security and public key encryption systems, and set up an account at some exchange with major liquidity and security issues, all for the joy of finding that none of the merchants that sell stuff I actually want will accept bitcoin. 


Is there a rational argument in there somewhere? About 90% of what I hear about bitcoin reminds me of someone touting a chain letter. Repeat after me; fringe pseudocurrency.
@_date: 2013-05-06 07:35:33
Another little difficulty with bitcoin. Instead of using a bank's security protocol, usually developed and maintained by experts and including some sort of protection against loss, and usually costing a predictable and moderate fee, when you store or exchange bitcoin you must provide your own security. You, not the bank, are the one who will suffer the result of a security breach. The cost of providing this security is significant. 
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:45:29


The trouble is that the *purchasing power* of bitcoin, rather than the exchange rate, is far more volatile than that of dollars. So the lender bears a risk of loss, and so does the borrower, due solely of Bitcoin's volatility. Its value in dollars is not all that relevant beyond calculation of its buying power and relative stability.


As long as there are people like me, who get paid in dollars, have to pay taxes in dollars, are required to pay for things like houses, cars, gasoline and groceries in dollars, bitcoin will never thrive.
@_date: 2013-04-13 18:06:08
No sarcasm intended. 
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:42:23
Welll, for one thing, most of the transactions available using the identification numbers you mentioned are reversible and not anonymous, so the security departments of the relevant institution, and the FBI, employing lots of resources and expertise, at least have a theoretically likely prospect of apprehending a thief. The banks and credit card companies offer a protective shield to theft. 
Theft of my credit card number is not of great concern to me. I give it away to perfect strangers over the telephone and internet on a daily basis. But if somebody filches my credit card number and starts using my credit line, the credit card company usually notices promptly, suspends the card, notifies me as soon as possible, and shields me against a loss of more than $50. The thieves are usually apprehended eventually. The victim has very little need for expertise. I have observed this in action from the card holder's viewpoint. The relevant transactions were not large, but the FBI was involved, and the perpetrators were apprehended within a month, and are now in jail. Intelligent thieves, if they exist, don't do this sort of thing.
This whole process is generally successful as a deterrent to thieves, and keeps losses within acceptable bounds, so it is relatively easy and safe to use your credit card over the internet. The cost of this shield is borne by the users of the credit card system who pay money in exchange for expertise and guarantees from a "trusted third party".
But bitcoin is different. It was *designed* to obviate the need for trusted third parties and to provide secure anonymity. With this system, the *user* has to provide the security and expertise. The user has to ensure that any potential thieves cannot remain anonymous. He can't just buy that expertise from a trusted third party, he has to provide it himself. 
In another comment here, I have provided a link to a post about a theft of bitcoin. You may note that the OP, the victim, was actually pretty tech savvy, but not perfect. He slipped up somewhere. He doesn't know where. Neither do a whole bunch of ostensibly tech savvy commenters. They have difficulty agreeing whether the bitcoins actually were stolen or merely lost, and what mistakes were made, and where, in the handling of the victim's bitcoins. 
I wonder if the victim can even get law enforcement authorities to take any interest at all in this case. Even if he does, how much hope is there for eventual conviction of the hypothetically anonymous thief? Meanwhile, his $20 thousand or so in bitcoins is out there in cyberspace somewhere.
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:49:01
There are several economic faults inherent in bitcoin that a hypothetical competitor could address in order to succeed.
1. Bitcoin has a distinct deflationary bias. I suppose that Satoshi perceived that inflation was a major problem with fiat currencies, and I agree. So deflationary bias was designed into bitcoin, intentionally or not. Unfortunately, deflation is not better than inflation. What is really desirable in a currency is **stable price levels**.
2. Bitcoin is volatile. Volatility is very undesirable in money. If a currency is to function well, it must be a stable "unit of account" and "store of value". If the purchasing power of the currency changes too rapidly, in whatever direction, it becomes unusable as money.
3. Bitcoin is a **very** poor store of value. It's even worse than most fiat money in this regard. In order to be useful, a money must keep value over time. Gold is stellar in this regard; it has been considered valuable since prehistoric times. I'm not saying that its value never fluctuates, just that it retains *some significant* value throughout millennia. Store of value depends largely on a money's usefulness as something other than a medium of exchange, which provides price support. 
In the case of gold, it has industrial and technical uses. It is used as jewelry; in 2011, roughly $65 billion in gold was used for jewelry. It is used in industry, as a dental restorative material, in medicine, in technology, etc. If the gold in your computer were removed, it would quit working. It has utilitarian value. Bitcoin, on the other hand, has no utilitarian value. Pretty good exchange value, but no utility value. None. At. All. You can't *do* anything constructive with bitcoin besides keep it or trade it. This, unfortunately, makes it impossible to rationally assess the value of bitcoin except through exchange-determined prices. This is what you might call "inherent structural volatility." There is absolutely no natural value to which the price of bitcoin would tend to gravitate.
4. Bitcoin is not easy to use, and it's not all that cheap to use, either. Oh yeah, it is vaunted to be instantly transferrable across national boundaries, reliably, securely, etc. But what do you have to do to actually accomplish that, and how valuable is that feature anyway? First, you need to have a competent digital device, like a computer, and internet access. If you don't want to have your bitcoin stolen, you better become savvy on computer security, encryption technology, hacking techniques, scam techniques, etc. In order to protect your wallet from hacking and theft, you should have an offline computer, paper wallets, etc. You should avoid leaving or transacting bitcoin funds with undeservedly trusted internet entities. Bottom line; you need to provide your own security and technical expertise instead of hiring a bank to do it for you. And there is very little support for you if you fail.
There may be additional problems that I have not considered, but these are the first to come to mind. Bitcoin's creator and adherents failed to effectively address these issues. This is probably due to inattention, because none of them appear to be insuperable. 
@_date: 2013-05-06 04:38:20
Popular among politicians and bureaucrats, maybe, but what does that have to do with the particular economic shortcomings of bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-04-27 01:27:55


Welll, if it doesn't stabilize somewhere then it isn't stable, is it? And if it isn't stable at its current price, it still isn't stable, is it? And if its value doesn't stabilize, like now, then it isn't very useful as a currency now, is it? And if it isn't stable now, and is not useful as a currency now, how can anybody predict the point in the future when it *will* stabilize and be useful?


OK, so how predictable and regular is the deflation of bitcoin? As opposed to say, the dollar, the euro, or gold, or even the Tuamotu dollar? And even if the deflation of bitcoin were regular and predictable, if the rate of deflation would be sufficiently large, say more than 10%, it still would not be useful as money. 


When will its actual, true price be discovered, if ever?  Here's the problem. Dollars and euros have a clearly expected and reasonably stable value all over the world. Bitcoins don't. When will bitcoin achieve a value that is stable and predictable enough that I could borrow or lend it without undue risk? Please tell me.
@_date: 2013-05-04 15:19:30
When there are large price drops combined with exchange dysfunction, as have happened repeatedly, holders of bitcoin will have a large incentive to dump bitcoin onto Bitpay, which is effectively making a market in bitcoin, and it will simultaneously be impossible for Bitpay to unload its bitcoin without a large loss. You appear to be assuming that Bitpay will be able to sell bitcoin at will without loss under adverse market conditions.
Read and heed;
@_date: 2013-04-24 20:09:59
BTW, here's a real world example of bitcoin theft. If you have so much as one weak link in your security protocol, you're vulnerable.
@_date: 2013-05-03 21:56:11


If it happens even once, that's enough to wipe out most businesses that try to use bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:20:26
Yeah. Once it's stable. When will that be?
@_date: 2013-06-09 19:32:44
*Ad hominem?*
@_date: 2013-04-13 05:27:38
So, I guess, in the absence of futures contracts, short selling, liquidity, etc., one might conclude that bitcoins don't exactly have a real functioning market.