@_author: greenismypepper
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:14:51
Getblocktemplate presumes that the miner is running a full node. Since the miner is including transactions as part of its own blocks, the miner will need to validate those transactions that it receives from its peers.


Bitcoin functions better when more people are running full nodes. Creating incentives for centralization is undesirable. If blocks were many terabytes per day, everyone would be pulling from 2 or 3 api services like blockchain.info.
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:40:33
Trusting another full node for mining information is no better than running Stratum.
The difference between hundreds of megabytes per block and tens of gigabytes per block is the difference between tens of thousands of full nodes and only tens of full nodes.
It is preferrable to not compromise at all. The advantage of doing something like a network of payment channels is it's sort of having-your-cake-and-eating-it-too. The system uses real bitcoin transactions and remains decentralized, without the centralization impact where it actually matters -- full nodes and miners.
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:53:34
Mining isn't actually decentralized unless the miner is also validating the transactions.
Fundamentally, the disagreement lies in how to scale up bitcoin. I think you realize that if block sizes will become large, compromises will be made at the point of validation and mining. I believe that the optimizations should lie at reducing the number of transactions that enter the blockchain itself, which does not compromise coin ownership and the principle of decentralization.
Your future is reliant upon trust of identity of validators, whereas a network of payment channels does not necessitate identifiable trust as a priori.
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:31:27
How do you think it's exploitable beyond the risks defined in the paper?
It doesn't necessarily require both parties to be online. The receiver could hypothetically email the sender a hash to use and later the sender can find a route to the recipient using that hash (except for the last step, which waits for the receiver to come online). The recipient just needs to redeem it within some defined time. Effectively, you could treat an endpoint identity and a pay-to-contract hash as a one-time-use address.
@_date: 2015-03-01 08:44:34
If anything, locktimed channels relies upon block size increasing even *more* heavily, as the entire security model is dependent upon it. Paradoxically, even though it helps bitcoin scale up many orders of magnitude, a network of payment channels will straight up break if the block size remains at 1MB forever.
It is necessary to start exploring how the blocksize increase will happen. For example, the presumption in the Lightning Network paper is that there will be a soft-cap which all the miners agree to, but can elect to raise/lower and collectively build terms to go above this miner-only soft-cap.
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:46:08
The risk isn't just with economic incentives with full nodes. The scary part about large blocks is with miner incentives.
@_date: 2015-03-01 08:34:22
Are you saying a network of payment channels shouldn't be done because it doesn't exist? I think we may be talking past each other. I'm not saying the block size shouldn't increase. I'm saying it should increase, but isn't the only solution.


Participants in payment channels have private keys.


Yes, it's better, but it's still reliant upon *trusted* identifiable 3rd parties.