@_author: greenmachine9
@_date: 2017-08-30 21:43:12
I have a fairly related question as a Bitcoin newbie!
So I've been reading a lot into Bitcoin the past 1-2 days, including how to buy it including which payment method, which exchanges and which wallets. Plus there are the various currencies too.
My concern is that it seems that you need to pick both a secure exchange and a secure wallet to be sufficiently confident you won't get hacked at some point in the future.
This may lead to increasing numbers of bitcoin newbies like myself skipping over some of the important information to ensure we invest securely, which opens up an increased hacking opportunity I'd imagine. 
The market cap in 2017 has gone from $12bn to $75bn, so I guess I wonder how much of this is not being invested securely.
And if a reasonable amount, if it is hacked it will both suck for the people who are hacked, and also a big blow to credibility and so result in the price dropping a lot?
Going to take the plunge I'm sure, just interested about this possible risk to bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 08:19:50
This is my main concern, the governments!
If bitcoin is being used as it should be, for transactions, rather than for investment speculation, then every time someone pays in bitcoin, someone earns in bitcoins.
If the government can't regulate bitcoins, then they can't charge tax on people earning in bitcoins.
As bitcoin becoming increasing widespread, so the loss of tax revenue will increase and in turn the need to regulate will increase too.
The governments can then implement the same regulation as now - declare your bitcoin earnings and pay us tax. If they can't accurately check your bitcoin earnings (the same way they can check bank statements at the moment), and so can't charge tax, then their need to regulate will keep increasing as bitcoin transactions increase in the months/years ahead.
On a similar note, if everyone used bitcoin without regulation rather than fiat, how to do we fund our public services? If this has been covered already please let me know, am still very much a bitcoin newbie (but a very interested one!)