@_author: greenaddresssupport
@_date: 2018-06-07 22:39:32
Hi there GreenAddress does not support BCH. If you have sent BCH to a GreenAddress bitcoin address then you will need to attempt to recover the coins manually.
We do not provide support for this process, we have no plans to attempt to write a BCH  recovery tool at this time, and we do not provide support for hacked versions of our tools or for BCH beyond what we have already implemented. Having said that, the dumpyourbcash user on our subreddit at  has posted an updated hacked recovery tool which can scan wallets for BCH and recover it; please see the post  and our comment reviewing the code for malicious behavior. Please direct all support requests concerning that tool to the comments on that post. Note that the tool may have been updated or a more functional fork of it created since this response was written, we suggest you check our subreddit for any updates.
@_date: 2018-03-07 03:14:43
This issue has already been addressed multiple times on our subreddit and we offer detailed and full responses for users that reach out to us through our support email.  It is outright false to claim that contacting our support yields nothing.
GreenAddress has absolutely nothing to gain from locking up user funds.
We do, however, take security very seriously, and do not allow users to circumvent *their own* 2FA procedures at will, as this would constitute massive security risk.
Even if our users lose access to all of their 2FA methods (despite being warned about this in the FAQ and elsewhere, as pointed out by we have nLocktime transactions that allow them to recover their funds at the end of the nLocktime period.  Of course, the user needs to accept and keep this nLocktime transaction in order to do so.
On top of this, we are still on track for the release of a new 2FA reset procedure by the end of this month.
This is a top priority for our team, but there are a number of hurdles, both technical and legal, that we are hard at work to overcome.
We really appreciate our customers' patience, and will publicly share information on this issue as soon as we are able.