@_author: greg_tgb
@_date: 2014-03-15 02:48:29
We're planning to leave it up in the near-term as people look to make sense of the market dynamics leading up to the latest events. Will likely remove once the dust settles a bit.
Appreciate the feedback. Feel free to email us directly any time at the email listed on the markets page.
@_date: 2014-09-22 01:01:02
That's the TradeBlock office, but there are three other bitcoin companies in the same building with us. Feel free to stop by any time. 
@_date: 2015-07-12 18:22:16
This is an excellent point, albeit inaccurate as it relates to TradeBlock. Our mempool statistics do not include every unconfirmed transaction in our explorer.
The mempool data you see is 72 hours of unconfirmed transactions, less any double spends whose conflicted transactions have been confirmed.
One of the particularly powerful features of our tools is that we don't purge data from our database, so you can use TradeBlock's explorer to see any transaction that gets broadcast / relayed, even if not stored in the blockchain.
The misunderstanding by OP is, to a large extent, the result of UI that could be improved. We have updates outlined to improve this in the near future.  
@_date: 2013-11-07 12:48:11
Hey all - Greg from TGB here. Quick note after reading some comments ITT.
* After speaking with the writer of this piece for about 25 minutes, I can assure you she was enthusiastic and honestly committed to getting things as correct as possible. An article on any highly technical industry will be less than perfect in an expert's eyes.
* Consider how difficult it is for a financial writer to be thrown into the depths of understanding bitcoin mining for the first time with an editor compelling you to get it to the presses that day.
* Be glad that bitcoin is getting this level of exposure. Besides the direct correlation between media mentions and price, generating awareness is the first and best step towards broader understanding.
* I explained that the millions invested in pre-ordered equipment was finally being delivered and hitting the network. The quote should have read "money that has been invested is finally being *converted* to computational power." The printed version doesn't make a ton of sense, but 99% of readers wouldn't understand the difference anyway, so not worth stressing over.
Bitcoin was on the front page of the Money &amp; Investing section of the WSJ. Seems like a perfect starting point for a conversation to help friends and colleagues understand bitcoin better.
@_date: 2013-08-29 17:39:02
Happy to address this. 
Our goal with this piece was to collect disparate data points to empower the many concerned market participants to determine their own comfort level around Mt. Gox’s liquidity position. After quite a bit of time spent on this, the executive decision not to publish was based on the room for potential misinterpretation. 
The main takeaways from the piece were as follows:
* The data suggests Mt. Gox’s total expenses and frozen funds are likely larger than their lifetime fiat revenue, but questions remain about how they’ve managed their significant BTC revenues. The piece outlined three potential scenarios, none of which indicated an immediate liquidity issue, though there could be nearly infinite alternatives. Again, the goal was to show how one could use the data available to make a determination of their own comfort.
* The withdrawal hiatus is likely caused by what Mt. Gox stated - problems with traditional banks. What they didn’t mention is that the root cause of those problems was almost certainly the account seizures. Warrants are a matter of public record, but they may have been advised not to comment on a pending legal case, resulting in confusion and panic in the market.
* Most US banks are unlikely to open an account for a company under federal investigations. Knowing that's probably the cause of the withdrawal hiatus, its unclear how they plan to resolve the issue. 
* Mt. Gox has been an integral piece of the incredible bitcoin story for a long time. The next phase of the market will call for vastly different management tactics than have worked to date. Namely transparency, proactive PR and statements from professional auditors would help them sustain the business they've worked so hard to build.
No conspiracies here, we simply elected not to publish an analysis that depends on educated assumptions that leave room for misinterpretation. Please keep that in mind if you decide to read it. 