@_author: gremlinguy
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:37:25
Yeah, I've heard that Westworld writers explored a bit of the ideas that Jaynes proposed. I really need to pony up for HBO GO and watch it. Have heard nothing but good things.
Jaynes pretty much sums up the bicameral idea as (literally) "two-chambered," where the two halves of the brain are very separate and functioning independently, communicating through specific channels (such as hallucinated voices, which he defends by citing some interesting brain studies, such as people reliably reporting auditory hallucinations when specific areas of the brain are stimulated electrically, and these areas also corresponding to inter-hemispherical communication when imaged by MRI).
I'm curious to see how Westworld incorporates the idea of your own brain being two completely separate entities. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:10:57
"The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind."
TLDR: Jaynes believes that mankind was originally not conscious, in the sense that we did not make decisions for ourselves or introspect, and instead followed orders which were auditorily hallucinated by the right brain, which was subconsciously doing silent work without purposeful input by the individual. He argues that the forced interaction of migrating tribes caused people to need to generate metaphor and advanced linguistic constructs and practice empathy in order to peacefully interact, and this caused the plastic brain to adapt and form a conception of culture and self. Interesting tidbits from Jaynes: schizophrenia is a vestige of this previous mind-state; Ancient stories such as Homer's Oddysey do not demonstrate decision-making by the characters, but instead acting on orders from Gods or other authorities; as hallucinated voices faded from commonality, those who were still able to hear voices were placed in high esteem as being connected to the Gods, and consulted for guidance (oracles etc).
Fantastic, heavy, dense, challenging, and mind-bending read. Worth the effort.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:24:54
If you subscribe to the Julian Jaynes model, analogies and metaphors are the entire basis of consciousness.
Not relevant, just interesting.