@_author: grepe
@_date: 2013-08-02 10:03:56
1) even if people became more carefull, they cannot be infinitely carefull. some small values will always be dissappearing untill there is nothing left. you can't just wave it off with bigger inflation (btw, you just sent the controlled inflation concept that was at the core of the BTC bye-bye). if you don't even know how much money there actually is, how can you say what value they have?
2) full anonymity is never trivial to execute. and bitcoin just makes it incredibly worse. either everyone can verify where do your money come from, or you don't have them. you don't really want to trade in person anonymously every time. using mixing service is just unneccessary complication.
3) initial distribution is not tied to processing transactions - it is random by definition. creating block is not an invaluable service - this could be done dozen other ways (hey, why not just really make lottery for new cash).
4) speculation is value added service?! so what exactly did the people who mined BTC in the beginning and then just watched exchange rate waiting for when to sell it risk that they deserve the value?
@_date: 2013-08-03 10:32:26
perhaps some of the points above let an independent observer a chance to judge as to who understand basic economy and btc better. but i think you are right, this thread is going nowhere. peace, out.
@_date: 2013-08-01 14:43:35
just a few things from top of my head... sorry for the lack of references, i don't have time to search for them now, but you can google them yourself.
for example there is no mechanism for tracking and resupplying lost bitcoins. i had a wallet with some bitcoins once, but it got accidentally deleted during a system update. those bitcoins are now gone - forever. and that is not something you can easily fix. there are estimates that at the current rate, almost all bitcoins will dissapear by 2030.
the whole blockchain thing is just a wierd concept. it essentially makes all transactions public and stored forever. everyone needs to know about every single transaction ever made anywhere anytime. you can partially alleviate this by distributing the load over all users, but this is simply unsustainable. moreover - it essentially makes all your transaction public. yes, you can have as many BTC addresses as you like, but as soon as you use any of your money in a way that can be linked to you, you are busted. and you can track that e.g. satoshi scored almost a million BTC early on... 
initial distribution of the wealth is not tied in any way to anything. why should early adopters and geeks with strong graphic cards (not that i'm not one of them) get some wealth just for that? this is NOT equivalent to investing in some technology early on - you are not supporting anything or producing something, you just won a lottery and all the other people should be dependent on the money you generously provide to them if they want their economy to function? this may be just my personal opinion, but i'm not good with that.
lack of control is both good and bad. i'm not talking just about money laundering now, but also about economic speculants. the volume of bitcoin transactions for goods has been growing steadily, but waaaay slower than the number of transactions and it's value. just because so many people buy it when it is cheap and sell when it is expensive - those people do not contribute anything, yet they are suddently entitled to some values. yes, people will eventually buy and sell real world goods, but speculants will always have upper hand here. that's what naturally happens when your currency is not linked to ~~anything real~~ any existing values from the beginning.
@_date: 2013-08-01 14:06:15
i'm one of the people. and i must say, that i admire the idea of decentralized virtual currency that is not (and cannot be) controlled by banks (people). therfore i watch for any news about it regulary (as is also indicated by my presence here and this post) and wait for something better that can implement this idea better to appear.
i started watching it early on and i think, that if i wanted to, i could have gotten much richer person by using it. one reason why i didn't do that was that i considered it immoral. i don't believe in the bitcoin implementation as it is now. it is just fundamentally flawed and it is destined to fail (i could expand on why, but i think there is enough material out there that you can easily find and consider for yourself).
that's why i think that people should not support it or trick other people into using it... you may get temporary advantage in the beginning and go out soon enough, but someone is going to get hurt in the end. people should not get advantages by using other people but by producing something themselves.
edit: after looking at the other posts, it seams that people here mostly just throw out wild theories about the question asked by the OP. to clarify - i do know how bitcoing works, i do understand the principles of virtual currency and i do not consider it scam as such - it is just very prone to speculation (what can be used by speculants, will be) and bad implementation of very nice idea.