@_author: grexxe
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:32:00
Actually registering at namecheap CAN show up as enom. 
Or at least that was the case within the last couple years. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:12:18
I wish I could give you more information, I really do. As mentioned, my only contact has been on Skype / email and I have no verifiable proof of his existence (or identity) other than the conversations I have had with him over the last month. I also don't know company registration details. 
My conversations prior to being added as an adviser were strictly in regards to the collaborative effort with Crypti. We had several really great conversations and he asked me if I would join the team as an adviser. The idea would be that I would help developers and teams that were working with Corona by critically analyzing their ideas, business models, and branding / marketing efforts. Since this type of thing is right up my alley and sounded fun, I agreed to help out.
I can tell you that if it were a scam, it would be quite elaborate and not necessarily worth the amount of trouble that has gone into it. He has had countless discussions with myself and other members of the team to prepare for this launch and I honestly believe he has invested a lot of time to get to this point. I'm not saying no scammer has ever put time into a con before, but I don't get that kind of feeling from him. 
We have 20 more days before the fundraiser is over. That is plenty of time for him to respond and clarify all of the things being brought up. If in a week or two you still haven't gotten any answers or you feel like it's just too ambiguous, then the red flags can come out. 
I just don't want to see everyone start throwing around terms like "scam" and saying that he is trying to swindle money out of pockets without giving him a chance to answer these important questions. If he really is honest and simply trying to bootstrap a new business model and idea, those types of associations get passed around pretty quickly online and could leave Corona dead in the water. 
If you get satisfactory answers and after the AMA and some explaining, you feel like he's trustworthy, I think the idea behind Corona is one worth supporting. We have a lot of technologies being created out there but no real developers USING any of them. Between Eris, Augur, Factom, Storj, Crypti, Eth, etc, what we really need is a pipeline to support developers of traditional applications that can show them the benefits of incorporating smart contracts and block chain based technologies into traditional models. I think that is an area where Corona or an organization like it could really step in an make a difference.
@_date: 2015-06-02 20:40:41
Keep in mind that namecheap, which is essentially a reseller through enom, does take BTC for payment. I don't know for sure that he used namecheap, but if he did, he could have paid in BTC and it would show as registered to enom due to the reseller status. 
I say namecheap because they are a major player in BTC based domain registration. There are a lot of other resellers as well. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 22:08:04
Where did you see it show a transfer as opposed to a purchase?
Not all regular domains registered at namecheap show namecheap though. That is all I am saying. You can do a quick search and find many complaining about purchasing at namecheap and being registered to enom. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 04:32:29
Hey guys! My name is Matthew Cox (GreXX on BTT) and I am a member of the Crypti Board (and a Corona Adviser). I was originally approached by Stas Oskin one of our additional board members to help interface with Corona and create some form of partnership between the two companies to help push the general Dapp marketplace forward. 
I had my first contact and initial conversations with Daniel about a month ago in regards to how Corona could interface with our team and what we could offer in return to developers and projects in the pipeline at Corona (for utilizing Crypti as a resource for development). Shortly thereafter, Daniel added me as an Adviser for the project and I have been discussing various aspects with him since (as well as being present in the team Skype channel). 
As far as my experience with Daniel is concerned, I would say that Daniel seems to truly want to build the company he outlines. I can tell you that he has thought it through significantly and has a very good understanding of what he is trying to accomplish. He seems genuine to me, but I can only confirm from online conversations and have had no direct contact with him in person. 
I will let him speak for himself and for Corona, as many of the details were only shared with me a few days ago and he would be better able to answer questions, but I feel like you should give him a chance to explain and answer your questions. before making any decisions about the project. 
All of that being said, please continue to do your due diligence prior to investing money or getting involved! It's good for everyone who is considering the project or who might find it later to have the information out there! 
@_date: 2015-06-03 01:13:57
I have been informed briefly on what is happening but was asked not to address it publicly. Hopefully Daniel will be able to post the information soon but I can tell you that it seems to be a legitimate problem and one that requires a name change. Take that for what you will. 
@_date: 2015-06-03 01:15:44
Well keep in mind he didn't say he registered it at Namecheap. I was just hypothesizing how it may have shown as eNom but actually been from a registrar who took Bitcoin. He did not tell me he registered it at Namecheap so that may not even be the case anyways.