@_author: grey_net
@_date: 2016-06-08 01:24:41
If your just doing margin funding and no margin trading, your loss would be none! Only risk is the trading site, like if it goes bankrupt as MtGox f.ex.
Margin trading is simply trading and price speculation in the hopeful buy low sell high approach, except with a leverage as with forex trading. But this leverage needs to be borrowed by the traders, and that is where the margin funding comes in. You are borrowing them money (with an interest) to be able to trade more funds and thereby get higher earnings (or faster losses in case their trade goes wrong).
But since they can only lose the amount they have put up themselves, the funds lend from the margin funders will never give a loss. (if a trader is putting up 1 btc himself, and borrows 25 btc from margin fundings f.ex, he has 26 btc to try and bye/sell with profit. Then if his trades or his btc value keep giving loses and he comes close to a total loss of 1 btc, his trades gets all cancelled, and the loss will be his 1 btc, while the borrowed 25 btc will remain untouched - but still have gotten the interest from the days it was borrowed!! ).
You can use a btc exchange like bitfinex for margin funding. (don't try margin trading, go with the safer earnings). Then exchange your btc to USD, and use the USD for margin funding. Then you wont be affected by the bitcoin price. When you want to "cash out", you just exchange back to btc and withdraw (or since its an exchange, you can withdraw the money there to a bank account of course)
I tried it with $10k for a while, and earned around $3-$4/day most of the time (it depends on what the current interest rate is). If you multiply that with say 20 that amount (if you just use a certain amount of the btc) then it could give a nice $1800-$2400/month for doing almost nothing. (It would be wise to check in each day and see what the interest rate is and set the auto reinvest amount)
@_date: 2016-03-22 04:57:08
How is it possible to do Raw transactions and wallet management without having the giant bitcoin core installed on the computer doing it?
It seems that there aren't many libraries to do this, except for the one used by Multibit. So I'm curious to how this program "talk" to the bitcoin network itself so the transactions are inserted in the blockchain?
@_date: 2016-06-07 18:39:09
Put those you are not using into Margin funding. Could probably give you a couple of thousand USD a day in interest. Then you should quickly earn those extra money to use for paying taxes.