@_author: gribonen
@_date: 2017-10-29 19:00:52
That is why in my opinion a completely random approach could yield more interesting results as this way addresses from all over the address space get checked.
Still, the address space is beyond crazy in scale, however I like the fact that pure randomness could in theory produce a hit just by accident. And such could happen after one minute, hour, year or never.
I bet on never finding anything so any even minor result would be a huge surprise.
At the least I end up with a collection of Bitcoin addresses containing some funny words that I will probably never use.
@_date: 2017-10-29 10:40:54
I have three kids which, thanks to losing everything because of Gox (lost my company, home, marriage) I am unable to see as they live in another city and I have no money to go see them or buy even food for myself always. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 04:52:24
Because of the frustration of the Gox happening to me, I wrote a Windows application which I named 'Coindog'. It takes a set of truly random values from a source in the Internet in a buffer (to minimize communication), uses that data to generate a bigger set of random values in order to create completely random private keys.
From those it calculates the regular and compressed Bitcoin address and compares it to the list of addresses which include all Satoshi's original addresses plus about 200.000 addresses which currently have the highest value.
Another application updates and maintains the high value addresses in an SQL database.
All calculated addresses go in files that I use to periodically make a retrospective check with a list of new addresses in order to check if I had already hit a good address before it was created.
This is just my personal fun and also because of the fascination of the cosmic scale random possibility that a collision would occur.
This also because due to how the addresses are calculated, 2^96 different private keys for each address will hash out to the same address.
So essentially you don't even need to hit the same private key what was used to create the address.
I decided to run this as a test exercise for the duration of five years since the collapse of Mt.Gox.
So far I have generated hundreds of trillions of key-address pairs and as expected, no luck yet.
I have all possible machines including servers and desktops running the application 24/7. I get an email if a match is found.
Just for fun I made a function that searches words from the generated addresses. 
Very interesting is that out of about 400 words, "mtgox" and "goxed" appear clearly the most frequently. I have compared the results and there are no identical addresses. I had to remove those words because of the frequency of them being found.
So far only one address containing the word "buddha" and three "jesus" addresses.
I am not really expecting to find anything however due to randomness 'there is a chance'.
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:50:16
How I have given up? How can that conclusion be made? By far not.