@_author: grinder123
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:36:34
pretty sure that's a user competence problem. Bitcoin is like cash, and like cash, you should take certain steps to ensure you aren't at risk from lets say, not actually having your bitcoin (the entire reason to use bitcoin in the first place). Unfortunately, websites/servers can be hacked. However, this is not news... act accordingly
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:41:48
what kind of question is that haha? it means you dont leave cash out in the middle of a desk and assume its going to be there for eternity. you need to ensure your "cash" is protected in some way. i.e on your person, in your own place, in an insitituion that "supposdly" has your funds. Now imagine this "institution", but essentially only existing online. You know the NSA can fucking see you jerking off in your camera, so you better bet some one knows how to get past a website firewall and take advantage of a KNOWN flaw. However, in the end this only affects people who were not smart enough to actually withdraw their cash from the exchange and keep it in their own storage (possession). It's either that or your extremely greedy / trading the shit with 500 btc on hand at all times to buy/sell
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:49:08
people once thought Copernicus was crazy, you can never say that with 100% certainty. Prices will rebound, bubbles don't stay well above 300$ (more than most stocks). Fundamentals are there based on how many people use and it exchange for what they think its work, just how any real market works...
The only reason its down right now is because mt gox was a leading exchange and bitcoin has reletavliy a short chapter in history. this is the first time anything like this has happened like this and yet it is a big hck up , life will go on and so will bitcoin. you can't un-invent  it. 
*pretend like this is a big bank crisis - except the government isn't backing up the stupid people or business that fail because they don't pay proper attention. things will correct, and value will only be lost for now. 