@_author: gripolit
@_date: 2018-05-29 07:11:23
A great video, but mining is not meant to slow down anything. 
The slowing down caused by mining have been solved.
It proves that new coins were not just given away for free to the node creating the block, or made out of thin air. Proof of work prove that the coins were created in a fair way. As it took energycost to create the coins, it gives them a value for the miners.
As the value goes up so will the cost to mine as more miners will join increasing the difficulty to find a new block, so new coins are not given away too cheap. 
Unlike banks who create new money every time someone takes a loan, the banks create new money and lends it out, charge a interest for this money they created at no cost. The interest to be paid back with the same kind of money they created.
With Bitcoin no one can just enter some new coins.
They have been mined and the proof of work provided in a block prove that the new money in the block were not just entered into the system.
Unlike a bank were no one can see what is going on inside, the public ledger means anyone in the world can see there is no cheating.
@_date: 2018-05-29 08:29:09
The distribution of Bitcoins is not optimal but it's still much better than 60 people owning 50% of the world.
It's also more fair in the sense that they can not produce new money. They have what they have and once they spend it it's gone.
The economy always grow as people produce more new things. It can only shrink if people produce less than they consume.
With a deflationary currency. 
The currency would increase in value as more things are produced. 
Everyone in the currency would benifit of the growing economy and be able to buy more things.
When a new shop accepts bitcoins, the value of the coins increase and everyone being part of it benifit.
But it's also a risk. 
You are free to join or stand outside watching.
Nobody forces anyone to join.
If the economy would grow with 2 percent, everyone will become 2 percent richer every year.
Like getting interest, but without having to take a risk of giving a loan, but as everyone gets richer you still need to take a risk and lend out your money if you want to get richer compared to your neighbors. But you don't have too. This that people don't have to lend out their money decrease the risk in the economy.
If everyone have lent out their money like it is today when everyone with money in the bank takes a risk as the bank lends it out, than everyone is taking a risk.
You will say it's a bad thing because no one would spend.
Not true. 
People need to spend all the time and want to spend, want to buy gifts, games etc, and if they save they save to spend at a later time. Once that time comes they will spend but they will spend more. Buy a good car at a later date than a mediocre car now.
People who believe that for the economy to work, people have to spend straight away don't understand that if they do, they won't be able to buy a better car at the later date. 
As they won't have any money.
It's the same thing, it's only a matter of buying now or later. And everyone spends at different dates.
Nothing will change.
However they might think more of what they buy, buying things of higher quality, and that is a good thing. It will remove the worst spending patterns.
And those who take loans? It's bad for them right?
No, things would be exactly the same, they would not have to take on as big loans as in an inflationary currency. As they will get more for their money not less. 
But the value of the loan compared to goods and services will be the same as with inflation.
If I have a company and need to borrow for the first 3 years. I will not need to borrow as much as if there is inflation, as the money I borrow will also increase in value.
In an inflation based economy, I would have to borrow more to get the money to last.
