@_author: grizzlyrhino
@_date: 2014-01-22 00:28:18
Maybe GOX is failing at the basics in an effort to decentralize the exchange market for bitcoin?  I can't believe these people are actually this out of touch.
@_date: 2013-11-23 18:42:30
How else are we supposed to get their attention?
I have an issue with Coinbase where they took 2.35 bitcoin that had nothing to do with a purchase, out of my coinbase wallet.  They also took 7.35 BTC worth of USD out of my bank and haven't given me the bitcoin.  This happened 10 days ago.  I opened a ticket immediately.  5 days later, I tweeted  and soon after the tweet, I received a reply from via email.  What a relief, right?  His reply left me with the impression that he doesn't know where my bitcoin went, and he asked me for more info.  He also asked for a copy of all my bank transactions.  I provided screen shots of the problem and my bank activity immediately.
It appears my BTC balance was used to fund a BTC **BUY** order on an allowed (formerly) high risk transaction.
Fast forward 5 days, and I read this reddit post.  I cannot help but laugh.  Still no reply from Coinbase.  I still don't have the bitcoin I sent to my Coinbase Wallet from an external account, and I still don't have the BTC they debited my bank for 10 days ago.
So all in all, Coinbase is holding some of my BTC and my USD from me during the most exciting time in bitcoindom and I am supposed to remain calm.  Needless to say, I am trying as hard as I can.
Part of Coinbase's PR has been rapid response on reddit and social media.  OP should cry foul during the sunny days of resolved coinbase issues if is not Coinbase's support forums. This is actually why I thought coinbase was pretty cool and I haven't gone crazy about it.  I actually still think I will get what my account says I have coming, when they finally get to my case.  Then again, I cannot understand why I feel this way besides the happy fuzzy reddit posts of a couple weeks ago.
Maybe coinbase is GOXxing us all?
Case  43694
