@_author: groceriescheckout
@_date: 2017-10-20 23:27:37
oh I read that paper. I definitely would NOT have called shorting reset to ground a "glitching" attack that's much more of a "hot boot" attack (actually pretty similar to how custom firmware installation worked on the PlayStation portable)... 
I was talking about [this]( which doesn't *look* like the same attack, but I'm a bit friday-drunk and I haven't actually read through the paper entirely. I actually like the look of the ledger alot better, and its not like I'm keeping my life savings in BTC. I'll probably wind up getting myself a ledger. 
I went back and finished reading the slides and they say:




example to exploit takes some work still.
So it looks like they didn't actually land the exploit against the TREZOR (publicly anyway), but there is a *chance* it *could* be vulnerable...
I wish there was a bitcoin wallet on IOS which utilized the secure enclave or something like that. I know for a fact my bitcoins are worth far less than a secure-enclave exploit would be (incidentally this was the same thinking that led me to the pkcs15 idea)
@_date: 2017-10-20 23:41:42
I will say the solution they came up with for the soft-reset exploit is actually pretty clever. I tend to agree with you that they seem very interested in transparency. (Isn't the TREZOR open source?)
 
The defcon talk didn't actually manage to exploit anything on the TREZOR itself, just demonstrated semideterministic hardware *weakness* on a chip the TREZOR uses. It's kind of like when someone publishes an attack against a hash algorithm which reduces the complexity of a collision attack by a little but leaves it still many orders of magnitude outside the reach of current hardware.  
I would say you almost certainly can still trust the TREZOR. My only reason I would get the ledger over the TREZOR is an aesthetic one... the trezor is kinda ugly lmao.
@_date: 2017-10-20 23:10:02
I am suprised they were able to patch it, often in my experience glitching attacks (if it was what that word usually means, varying voltage on a pin to the CPU or other component to cause undefined behavior) then they can be quite difficult to patch in software.
I'll have to do my own research on it (am a reverse engineer / vulnerability researcher with a focus on embedded systems and exploit development). TY for the info
@_date: 2017-10-20 01:44:27
Wasn't there a huge exploit against the trezor at Defcon 25? I thought they found some easy to execute glitching attack, although I didn't see the talk.
I had considered using a pkcs15 smartcard to hold my cryptographic information to decrypt a standard wallet, but to be honest my bitcoin knowledge predates the hardware wallets. I haven't even looked since it was $5 a coin... 