@_author: grokrok
@_date: 2018-01-21 17:05:24
genesis-mining.com  
Advania's "Thor" data center (also caters to miners) in fact Iceland has several data centers hosting miners as it takes advantage of their climate for greater cooling capacity.  Thor is one-half data center and one-half mining.
Bitmain (in China)  
and many smaller operations. There was also some discussion on this in Bitcoinmagazine.com, it's not seen as a good thing, that Data Centers are now the power players in mining, the whole notion that BTC was *decentralized* gets subverted when mining is now centralized in a handful of data centers.  But, if you happen to ownlease space in one, nothing stops you from dropping your own mining rig in there.
@_date: 2018-01-21 01:13:18
It's not just a "Bitcoin Mining facility," it's a full-fledged data center and supposedly one of the country's largest. Virginia is home to a large number of data centers, just north of this area will be FB's new 1B data center. I mean, any data center will host a mining rig just as well as a server for money, that's what they do.
@_date: 2018-01-21 06:25:03
Calling it a "Bitcoin Mining facility" is a bit disengenious - it's primary function will be as a data center, it will host and cater to all manner of servers and hardware. Several data centers are also render farms for film studios, but they're still data centers first. Groups have already been hosting their own mining rigs at data centers. They are concentrated in the 1 to 5 megawatt facilities that have the extra cooling capacity, and from what I've read, any new data center is being built with extensive cooling capacities. This one is just acknowledging bitcoin mining at their facilities and IMO charging them a hefty penny for it. I don't blame Va Beach for throwing money at this, any city would give its eye teeth to land a big $$$ facility like this. VA has long been a major hub for data centers.
@_date: 2018-02-03 06:17:12
I posted a week ago that they took over 19 days to fund my USD wallet. By the time I finally got my money to show up the crash was already underway - so I just left it in the USD wallet. As I understand, the USD wallet is FDIC insured, still I worry exchanges like Coinbase may go bust.
@_date: 2018-02-03 22:48:22
I don't keep coins on there, just use gdax to buy/sell (and not even that anymore). I xferred USD to coinbase in order to buy, but thanks to how long it took for the ACH xfer that never happened. Now it's just USD sitting in the USD wallet.
@_date: 2017-10-30 15:15:47
18 BTC is not cheap, so how is this a "bargain?" That's over 100K USD at current prices. And what's up with that video... dubbed over UK news and it never shows the house...
@_date: 2018-07-08 16:57:35
This is not a good message to send. Remember eGold? At first is was just a great way to send money anywhere in the world (assuming you had a market maker near you). Then it took hold in the nascent "dark web" (all those HPAC web sites back in the day) and on the survival forums as a way to shelter money. Then it just took off as a laundering and tax evasion tool before it was raided. You may think BTC can't go down the way eCurrencies did because of it's decentralized nature, but promoting BTC as a way to "fuck the IRS" or evade taxes does not legitimize crypto and pushes it back into the dark web territory. People are working to make BTC mainstream, messages like this don't help.