@_author: groman31
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:02:03
Yes, you're wrong. The "Greater" in "Greater Fool" describes the greatness of their stupidity, not how financially capable they are of buying a high-priced asset. The tulip collapse had nothing, repeat nothing, to do with the indivisibility of tulips. Look instead to the repeated speculative boom-busts of gold, an easily divisible substance. They occur because people start to irrationally believe the price is destined to go up in the short term, despite no real change in the underlying asset's attributes and properties, so they buy on the expectation that they can sell it to someone who believes it'll continue going up after the point you've concluded its value will stall. 
As the price gets higher and higher, it takes a greater and greater fool to believe it will go up for a long enough time to flip it profitably. Once that last fool buys, there are no fools left, and the price stalls. Then, people seeing the end of the bubble start selling at a discount to clear their profit as quickly as possible. The same "momentum" that drove the upward price now drives its rapid collapse as everyone wants to save their shirt while they still can.
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:27:12


No, we can't. The fools aren't actually investing one at a time, but several hundred or thousand at a time, and as the price continues to show bubble-like behavior it'll preclude more and more fools from even considering. As soon as there are fewer fools than there are people trying to "cash out", that's when the crash will start.
[Look at the Beanie Baby crash in the late 90's.]( Look at gold bubbles and bursts. Look at tech. And sure look at tulips or Mississippi swamp land. BTC isn't the first asset to have a bubble, nor will it be the last, and as much as its fanatics want to believe it's a "game-changer", it looks a lot like electronic Beanie Babies to me but with some (misinformed) aspirations to be a widespread currency someday. The current rise isn't because it's becoming widely adopted as a currency, though, rather it's because people think they can make a quick buck off a bubble. Problem is that someone's always left holding the bag.


Here's the thing: people aren't "adopting" Bitcoin, they're trying to flip it, there's a big difference between the two.  Rising prices in fact hurt the adoption of it as a currency, but I wouldn't expect that to make sense to you. BTC adherents can't decide whether BTC is an investment or a currency, and erroneously believe it can succeed at both simultaneously, that they can have their cake and eat it too. Answer me this: Why would I buy something with bitcoin instead of dollars, ever, if I'm always expecting the bitcoin to be worth more tomorrow? Would you even want to use Bitcoin for spending cash, given that its value can fluctuate drastically between leaving your apartment and arriving at the grocery store? What successful currency has ever fluctuated so drastically in such short time periods, as a *norm*? Is volatility not the exact opposite of what we expect and desire from our currency?


Do you really, really think that Bitcoin is such an exceptional commodity that the bubble will never pop? That it'll be the first time in the history of economics that there will always be a sustainable supply of greater fools, forever and ever? How arrogant can you really be, like really? Especially after you misapprehended the whole GF thing as being a matter of the asset's divisibility? My advice to you is to get the fuck out now while you have a profit, because you're in over your head in terms of understanding the economics of your own "investment" "strategy". 


Because I'm not a big enough fool to hop on a bubble after it's already grown hundreds of percent in a month, lmao. Good lord, nice try, you'll have to find some other fool, it's not me. Just be sure to set some alerts, you don't wanna wake up at 8 AM and find out the crash started 6 hours earlier.