@_author: grooterpetooter
@_date: 2017-11-12 13:32:50
CAROL! CAROL!
@_date: 2017-11-12 11:12:35
I got boxes full of Pepe!
@_date: 2017-05-14 16:50:32
Yes that is my point, and not at all like this. Believe what you will but If you actually watch the show and compare to how they treated Obama, or any of the previous presidents it's night and day. In fact if they did this to Obama people would call them racist hate mongers. Again, I'm not a trump guy but I don't like how people clap and laugh when the light tells them to, when what's being said is actually disgusting. It's one sided, it's never been this one sided before, and it's not based on anything. It's just become attack ad propaganda from seriously angry people with very deep pockets, and Lorn is one of them. It's the exact same thing the news is doing, telling people what to think and trying to do so in a way that they don't know they've been trained. I don't know what else to say if you don't see it. You are obviously entitled to your opinion and I applaud your optimism if you think it's just comedy, but sadly it's not the case.
@_date: 2017-05-14 11:10:59
I work for a national broadcaster and as we speak I'm sitting in the newsroom cutting more Trump propaganda. It's awful. I talk about the blockchain and people tell me I'm clueless. They told me yesterday to sell all my Bitcoin immediately before it all crashes cuz of this hacker ransom news. 
I tried to explain that blockchain tech can actually fix these security issues and they laughed at me.
Nothing I say to these people resonates. They're obsessed with offensive SNL skits that talk about how trump can't get it up. I kid you not. I'm like, this is childish, offensive nonsense. I'm straight up ridiculed for it. Almost walked out today but have a kid on the way and I'm too scared to quit a decent paying job. I'm not even a trump fan, I just don't understand why making random erectile distinction jokes is acceptable political commentary on supposedly credible news networks these days.
I Really hope ETH or XRP or BTC or something else I'm in goes parabolic so I can quit. Don't wanna work for the powers that be in the world anymore. I'm actually starting to feel like I'm actively part of the problem.
It's just sad how many people are seriously brainwashed to the point where they seem to have lost their humanity. Love this community for giving me somewhere to find a sliver of common sense.
Here's hoping that blockchain tech unites all people and allows us to break free from our overlords soon.
@_date: 2017-05-14 13:01:34
Thanks man.
@_date: 2017-05-14 11:59:46
That's kind of my point, that's what's happening. It's not just a comedy show anymore. It's wall to wall propaganda. And every week we take clips from their political "satire" and put it on the news. And it's not intelligent political commentary, it's crass and hateful. We take these "jokes" and form hateful, passionate, political opinions, and we feed these opinions to the country. It's not balanced, it's not smart, and it's exactly how dictatorships have operated their propaganda programs in the past. They tell you what the acceptable positions are and ridicule anyone who thinks otherwise. 
Watch last nights show, if you disagree and find it delightful maybe I'm out of touch. But the on cue laugh track, the over the op yelling, the directly one sided hateful political attacks...this is not funny, and it is certainly aimed in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-05-14 16:55:57
They used to make Obama look cool in their skits. The jokes were based on things that he did or his mannerisms that could be poked at humorously. They would never in a million years have an Obama impersonator just say out of the blue that he can't get it up and all the other gross, strange insults that come out of nowhere. Look at the news, every minute of every day is spent trying to slander this guy. In fact everyone thing else going on in the world, like crypto is completely ignored so we can focus on training people against trump. SNL has become a vehicle for that.
@_date: 2017-05-28 10:28:32
I did not know this. My apologies.
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:28:48
I absolutely will, thanks for your comment. I had previously had good experiences with Kraken also.
@_date: 2017-05-14 12:03:43
Let's say I'm wrong and the content is not politically motivated but only aims to be funny. Why are we putting it in the headlines of national news? We put in a clip interviewing an actor playing trump where he admits to some Russian collusion. Now people think that's what happened in real life. Maybe it did but I'm not sure we should be taking our cues from SNL on serious issues like this. It's irresponsible and in my opinion it's disingenuous and revolting.
@_date: 2017-05-14 16:06:20
No but they air skits where Spicer eats gum off the street, Trump forces him to make out with him, and flat out says his dick doesn't work, unprompted. These jokes aren't based on any context. They aren't responding to something in a clever way, they are just slandering people. Teaching their viewers who to hate. Most of their skits are like this, they are actually attack ads aimed at the same people over and over. 
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:28:04
Thanks! Much appreciated my friend :)
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:29:30
Thank you. Appreciate the support.
@_date: 2017-06-12 01:05:24
I just got my XLM back today after a string of emails back and forth essentially just proving that indeed I sent them. No explanation given, and it sucks I had to wait this long and lose out on some gains. But at least they got them to me eventually. I must say between this experience and how slow the site is, the difficult layout without a clickable bid and ask on the trading page, I'm out ok Kraken. But they didn't steal my coins in the end, just borrowed them for a month and a half or so.
@_date: 2017-06-12 01:06:54
Follow up for those interested: I just got my XLM back today after a string of emails back and forth essentially just proving that indeed I sent them. No explanation given, and it sucks I had to wait this long and lose out on some gains. But at least they got them to me eventually. I must say between this experience and how slow the site is, the difficult layout without a clickable bid and ask on the trading page, I'm out ok Kraken. But they didn't steal my coins in the end, just borrowed them for a month and a half or so.