@_author: groovewhiz
@_date: 2014-10-29 21:21:38
If I study MIT open courseware materials online (and those from other Ivy's as well), completing all the labs and exercises from the comfort of my own home, where I also work from, simultaneously applying the skills and concepts I have gleaned into real-world work environments, rather than getting drunk at dorm parties or what-have-you, can I be considered smarter because I didn't blow $50K a year seeking freely available "knowledge", "education", and "enlightenment" (as if such things can be bought.. or maybe they can be, but they certainly don't *need* to be anymore)?
@_date: 2014-12-17 05:10:43
How awesome it is that doing something like this is a matter of programming, and likely little more than a few lines of code, and *boom*, it will have an instant, ubiquitous overhaul effect of the entire money supply. Let the old-timey, antiquated, government money printers try to do anything comparable with their tired fiat systems (without spending billions or trillions on whole new infrastructure changes in order to produce the notes, modernize ancient banking system software, etc etc).
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:40:13
Loved it. Tons of salient, rational, clear, level-headed points. My fav quote:
"There will be no one currency to rule them all."
I wish people would finally get that through their thick skulls so they would stop worshiping fiat dollars as if there's something special to scraps of paper. Accept that times have changed, and get on board with the obviously better form of money.
@_date: 2015-02-19 05:44:36
Marshal sell-offs of seized bitcoin whenever the price starts to rise is just icing on top of a much larger cake. The explanation is simple for anyone who understands economics, has a long-term perspective, and is paying attention to the big picture along with the details hidden between the cracks. Bitcoin started to grow, the gov't / central bankers / fed reserve saw it as a legit threat to the status quo of fiat currency. They concocted various warrants and allegations to take down the biggest players. They have used complete wag-the-dog tactics, framing and propaganda to shut down the major mediums of exchange using bitcoin (Silk Road being the marquee example), and defame their key players, effectively poisoning the well, tainting public perception, and sandbagging the price.