@_author: groundciv
@_date: 2014-02-27 09:11:07
I didn't get burned that bad, really.  However, the things I said were chopped up and spliced to fit the narrative of the local news.
It felt more than a bit like a betrayal.  I said nothing in confidence, and I meant what I said.
You know the "chopped and screwed" hip hop coming out of houston that's all samples?  That's basically what they made out of our interview.  We were on lunch break, about 2 days after a couple close friends had died, and they chopped the soundbites to make us sound like uncaring monsters.
Having a camera shoved in my face and a microphone basically face-raping me while I stood there, in uniform, talking about something that affected me deeply getting chopped up and edited to fit a narrative really struck a nerve.
I can't take the news media seriously anymore.  We were gearing up for Iraq, and the men who died in that crash were both close personal friends of mine.  Instead of a story about a dedicated maintenance pilot and an eager beaver newbie who took my spot and borrowed my gear, I got to hear about how negligent and horrible the US Army was for 3 months with my own quotes taken out of context.  It was a gross perversion of the actual facts of what happened and it denigrated a guy I cared a lot about and cast a man who was thoroughly dedicated to bettering himself as a loose cannon and an innocent little lamb with wool pulled over his eyes, respectively.
I was once told by an Iraqi Air Force LT that "I appreciate what you Americans have done for our country, and once you leave it would pain my soul to shoot you down" once we'd traded a can of Copenhagen for a pair of Wild Tiger energy drinks at a bus stop in Tikrit.
If that 19 year old fighter pilot got scrambled to support US ground troops, I'm sure he'd have done his absolute best.  He meant what he said.  He would do whatever it took to make a sovereign Iraq safe for all Iraqi's.  We meant what we said, we wanted the Iraqi's to have real sovereignty.  If you took our conversation and compressed it down to soundbites, it'd have come out looking threatening.
That kid meant what he said, I meant what I said, and it could be chopped up and sold for headlines.
The real headline should have been "Iraqi LT and American Sgt. find common ground and exchange gifts, kids from Suleyman and Missouri find common ground and get identical haircuts." but that's not newsworthy.
I think the Iraqi's would like to settle their own scores.  Or maybe not, since we integrated their forces pretty well.  It's not a perfect peace.  It wasn't a perfect war.
Maybe this for a headline : "Iraq still a clusterfuck, but at least now the Iraqi's can sort it out on their own terms."
I don't want to fire on LT whatsisface.  I don't think LT whatsisface would take any great satisfaction in killing Sgt. Whatsisname in defense of a group of people who tend to kind of miss ole' Sgt. Whatsisname.
We were there, we did what we could, and the locals will have to live with it.  And they did what they could, and I wish them the best, but they aren't going to forget old whatsisname or whatsisnose.