@_author: groundhogexpert
@_date: 2016-08-24 20:38:37
So the totally untraceable currency you bought is proving to be hard to verify? I'm having a real hard time finding sympathy for you. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:02:25
Maybe you shouldn't be bragging about your investments ... 
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:50:08
The most idiotic method of investment ever conceived. IT'S A SUPPORT!!! 
Technical analysis, because that sounds a lot better than "we drew some lines here that we accept as telling the future better than world experts!" 
@_date: 2014-11-15 18:39:25
HE DIDN'T OFFER HIS FIRSTBORN TO THE CRYPTOCURRENCY GODS BEGGING FOR A SUPPORT! HE'S ANTIBITCOIN!! 
On a very serious level, what does it actually take from you fucking people to throw such a bullshit label around? I would love an actual answer. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 18:56:57
Because they go to great lengths to silence detractors? 
@_date: 2014-02-10 20:59:38
I was more asking for backstory, it sounds like you know something more than I do. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:36:15
Cries the person who lost all their money buying high and selling low.
@_date: 2014-09-20 14:39:56
That number should be much higher. Way more than 50% of people are losing money in active investing. 
@_date: 2014-09-12 02:48:57
For starters, I am constantly blown away by human achievement. It is SUPER FCUKING COOL that we might be mining in space soon. But it's super fucking cool that we are experimenting with digital currency. I just don't think something can be both prospected heavily, as a percentage, and treated as an effective currency. It's one or the other, that's what you guys have to decide. For your sake, I hope sincerely it works out. 
Investment is different from spending/consuming. Just conceptually, one is intending to get a product or service which is exhausted. The other is intended as a way to increase your wealth. I get no psychic benefit from merely owning stocks, I care about what they are doing. I get some psychic benefit from owning a nice sofa, even when I'm not using the nice sofa, or showing it off to friends or ladies I want to impress. It's just nice to own certain things as a matter of consumption. Like the peace of mind knowing that there is food in the kitchen which I can eat whenever I get hungry. 
We want some inflation so people don't horde cash, and sit on it. If we had deflation, then simply owning money would become an investment, and the people who were FORCED to spend most of their available money to eat would be at a massive economic disadvantage to benefit from the deflation, furthermore, they would be harmed and less likely to afford food over time, not more likely, because people would be more reluctant to hire people for jobs they could do themselves. It would halt money flow, and that devastates the lowest socioeconomic groups. So we really want to avoid deflation in almost all cases. That's one of the biggest reasons we have intentionally established, as a matter of policy, a system that creates modest inflation over time. We not only get a direct benefit, but we insulate from a harm. 


I would care if it proved to make my life, or the average American's life, worse off. And I'm sure it has come with some harms, no doubt, but we're still really well, and I think it's completely safe to say, at this point, we're in full economic recovery mode. We are doing quite well on our path to restoring what we lost from the Bush Jr. era. And don't take that as some political slant, no matter what side you're on, you should readily admit that the Bush Jr. era fucked us over hard. So I'm really not worried, I'm mostly just interested in what I can do directly to help myself and others. 


Not true, provided the rate of inflation is under some certain limit. I don't really know that limit, or whether we're under it. But I have been convinced that modest inflation does the lower classes virtually no harm. And your access to milk, should, be increasing over time, even recent time. If your situation is such that it's not the case, then I am deeply sorry for you, and I would offer any help I can to address that. However, those entitlement programs you talked about turning back go a long way to helping that. 
Yes, I meant due diligence. If you're able to do it, show me your work and tell me your valuation. 
Saving shouldn't be exposure to a volatile market. Your savings should be reliable, it's why the government micromanages and bails out banks, not because they care about banks but because they are trying to protect savings. There's virtually no reward for putting your money in a savings account, so it makes sense that there should be virtually no risk it in, either. The only problem with savings is that it's exposed to inflation. If you have modest to small savings, then the hit you take from inflation is only a few bucks over a long period. If you're substantially wealthy, that same percentage hit turns into a rather large number. Hence why inflation motivates so much spending that otherwise wouldn't happen. All those poor people HAVE to spend, and most of it is on things like milk and cars and clothes. They dumping all of their efforts right back into the economy through their consumption. So what little they do save really shouldn't be a "only put in what you are able to lose" situation. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:30:56
People don't care about it AS A CURRENCY. Everyone just wants to jump on some free-money bandwagon and it doesn't work that way. You're not going to ride this thing into retirement if you haven't already. The reason the first bubble happened was largely due to manipulation, and this fact can be demonstrated. The only way bitcoin has a future is if you people actually treated it like money, spent it, and let the price normalize. And that largely entails giving up your dream of free riches.  
@_date: 2014-11-04 19:27:32
Bad ideas and failures are laughed at, too. This is a stupid line of reasoning. 
@_date: 2014-09-04 18:47:09
Everything? 
@_date: 2014-02-26 13:16:12
Is that a new description for buying bitcoins?
@_date: 2014-09-12 22:50:56
But having an incentive to invest helps those people worse off. It motivates the people with money to buy things that need workers to produce, funneling their money back into the economy, or investing in companies which will allow them to employ more people. I'm not promoting the merits of supply-side economics, but there is a reality to it. Ideally, we'd have a better method of wealth access for people in the lower socioeconomic brackets. But this one does work to some degree. 
No, part of the depression was deflation. 


The degree to which I am personally harmed can be argued. I'm not saying it's a good thing, I'm saying that I don't fundamentally give two shits about the value of money. I care about quality of life. They are tied, not saying they aren't, but I only care about one as it has instrumental value. I'm just trying to get to the basic point of saying what we actually care about: and it's having enough to live a comfortable and secure life. Beyond that, it's just excess, which can be fun, but I'm not super concerned with living in excess. I am super concerned with not living in poverty. Understand? 
If we're talking about the harms of inflation on lower income earners, then the time period over which that inflation happens matters A LOT. Because a poor person doesn't get the luxury to save many dollars along the way, so as long as their wages are adjusted, then it's easy to think up a rate which they have virtually ZERO harm. Again, I haven't looked at exactly the threshold it would be, and I don't know where we are. I'm just making the point that inflation is fundamentally harmful to an economy or the lowest wage earners. What it turns out to be is really a tax on liquid capital, of which poor people don't have much of. Which is specifically why we call them poor. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 04:00:26
It's not a demand for spending, it's a punishment for hoarding. And an incentive to spend wisely, i.e. invest. I think you're making a pretty bad argument with that graph. Our fiscal policies are not centered around being off the gold standard. And just because we use a fiat currency doesn't mean we're immune to bad decisions. We JUST got out of two fucking wars that cost our country close to 10 trillion dollars, and we've been expanding our military industrial complex since near the end of World War II, think maybe that graph accounts for our international policies just a bit? 
No one currently uses a gold standard. Literally, not one single country with a thriving economy uses the gold standard. Bitcoins are no different. 


Gold is ALWAYS being bought and sold. And yet, it's still not used to back a currency. In fact, when a country buys a bunch of gold, it never even leaves the one building it's held in. Gold is seen as a very solid method to hedge against sharp currency inflation. And yet, many people still lose their ass in buying gold. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 23:01:19
I want sound investments in our future. I don't really care what they look like. I suspect that mostly involves supporting the entities most responsible for technological development, but I don't really know. And we're going to be mining in space within 25 years. That's pretty fucking soon, considering what's out there, and how long it's gonna take to start getting at it. 
I think it's unfair for you to say I want to encourage spending over saving. I think a balanced investment portfolio IS a type of savings. Just like paying a mortgage is a type of saving when compared to paying rent. I'm not asking for government interference, as you assume. 


I would, yes. We already had that, as you note earlier, it was called a United States Dollar. And you act like it losing its place as the "reserve currency" matters at all to me is sort of silly and presumptive. I don't hold it against China for putting their people to work. The only thing I care about is over-all quality of life. Is my access to goods and overall quality of life generally improving at a comparable rate to other first world countries. If so, then we're doing pretty awesome. 


Godspeed to you, I don't have a pony in the race. Though you have to understand that bitcoin is fundamentally not an investment. You have no ability to perform any dd on it AT ALL. And there's no way around that fact. You're simply treating a magic the gathering card trading service as a replacement for a casino. Again, I wish you the best, but do not expect this to function as an investment, it simply won't. 


You're right, it does apply to many things in life. Savings isn't one of them, though. Remember that. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 18:22:00


This is just flawed thinking. It's not because we're off the gold standard that our money is experiencing the sort of inflation it's seeing, it's because we've made a series of decisions, some may call them poor decisions, that have resulted in this. Had we been on the gold standard and tried to play as big of a role in international politics, our economy would be just as bad off. 
Secondly, we WANT some inflation. It's intentional. It helps an economy greatly. I've already partially explained why that's the case, and I can go into more detail, but I think it's pretty apparent. We do NOT want people hoarding money. We want modest savings with healthy investment in things like property, bonds, and basic business stocks. Inflation goes a long way in helping that, as well as well the role it plays in reducing the wealth gap. In moderation, inflation is a very good thing. 


Really? That chart shows three things plainly: 1) that the depression happened when we were still on the gold standard; 2) it corrected sharply by monetary/fiscal policy; 3) a clear trend bumping with virtually every large-scale international conflict. But the biggest point you should realize is that inflation over time is not a bad thing. Hyperinflation is really bad, though if we reach the same point of monetary devaluation over a much larger period of time then it's not destructive to an economy. 


No it's not. You're just wrapping tin foil around your head. 


You're demonstrably wrong on this point. People buy and sell real gold all the time, when you control for inflation, the price fluctuates right along with so called "paper gold." 


Absolutely wrong. There's no two countries with strong trade that put any additional restriction on gold sales. Taxation on production is different than a tariff, so spare me any talk about taxing exportation. 


And that's not what bitcoin is, even according to you. You just create it out of thin air. And when you run, you just start a new crypto currency. Except they are all behaving just like a pump and dump. Try to explain that one away. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 15:42:49
I bet it's not. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:19:09
I agree. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:36:15
This is fucking stupid. Cut the self-glorifying bullshit out, guys. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 02:48:37
Good news = good. Bad news = well actually, that's a good thing because ... 
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:43:41
So witch hunts are ok sometimes? 
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:44:39
How many people in this sub have ever used a bitcoin to purchase something? And of those people, how many almost immediately regretted that decision and probably won't ever do that again? 
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:05:19
They're addicts, man. You won't ever convince them that someone out there is smarter and they are being gamed. 
@_date: 2014-09-04 16:02:23
Sure, it's a way to fleece people out of money, why wouldn't you teach about it? 
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:46:33
No, it's not. You're still sitting on it like it's going to make you wealthy. You're hedging. And the problem here is that the supply of new bitcoins to punish hedgers is slowing rapidly, combined with everyone doing this, means it will stagnate, and cause MORE hoarding because now you have to recoup your losses. It will create a downward spiral resulting in you ultimately losing your ass and destroying public interest in crypto-currency because it's just too damn risky. In order for bitcoin to have future almost everyone has to pretend it's hit it's all time high and it will decrease over time. Just like real money does. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:03:58
I'm gonna go with successful brokers. Idiot. Why don't you ask Soros what he thinks about technical analysis. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:26:26
Honestly, this sub is busting at the seams with delusion. I implore you all, don't put into bitcoin what you're not willing to lose. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 06:55:44
That's gonna get him an awful lot of dogecoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 01:17:45
As a huge fan of UFC, and somewhat of a cynic of this community, as a whole, and a dogecoin collector. I think sponsoring a UFC event is a GIGANTIC waste of your time and money. Do things that have a positive impact on individuals who might not otherwise have that opportunity and get attention for doing something good. Don't just piggy-back attention in a way that's ultimately forgettable. I strongly disagreed with the Nascar idea, and I would urge you all to find something better to do with your money than throw it at sports. I think OP is very astute to notice how temporary that sort of thing really is. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 17:17:30
Yet not spending those bitcoins could've improved your financial welfare. How do you, as a person who is apparently very poor, not regret that? You were just painted into a corner. Also, if you really have no disposable income, you're a fool for gambling on something like this. You're one of those poor people who deserves to be poor. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:13:18
How exactly is this denial supposed to be verified? 
@_date: 2014-09-19 16:04:48
Sounds like a great method for the often overlooked investment strategy "buy high, sell low." 
@_date: 2014-09-19 16:49:26
It's impossible to do any DD on bitcoins, so how the fuck would anyone predict movement unless they were causing it? 
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:17:18
Oh, I see what you're saying. I thought you were making a reference to something specific to this issue. Sure, this place is prone to mob-mentality. 
@_date: 2014-12-31 16:53:04
This is the Winklevoss twins trying to make money off you, and exposing your market to volatility without you having any real way to immediately capitalize gains. If it goes well, then good for you, if it goes poorly, then the Winklevoss twins just are your lunch and shit on your plate for your efforts. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 03:25:44
Then why the fuck are you talking to me? If you have nothing to say, get to stepping. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 20:59:29
What's the relationship and interaction between a bitcoin and a satoshi? 


Then it will never be a currency. Currencies NEED inflation, otherwise people would just hoard it and create a massive dearth for any use. We need to reward people for using currency as a currency, otherwise the thing you want won't be a fair exchange for the thing you have when the thing you have will be worth more tomorrow. 
Gold backed currency might remain stable for a while. But we abandoned that model to prevent an economic crash due to monetary supply. We have not had another depression since we started our new monetary policy. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 20:42:10
So what's that about, then? What witch-hunt started on reddit and remained on reddit? 
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:28:38
What does one have to do with the other? And if that's supposed to be a defense, then I guess it's some moral hazard to ever arrest anyone for anything? Awesome logic you got there! 
@_date: 2015-05-30 21:38:00


You can disagree with a law, but the correct response to your objection isn't to break the law on a global scale. It's to petition for change, become involved in the political process. And bear in mind, silk road wasn't isolated to enabling a drug trade, it enabled illegal arms trading, sex-slave and human trafficking, and a lot of other heinous shit. Framing this as some stopping point along the government's war on drugs is either outrageously ignorant, dishonest or both. This guy is a complete piece of shit, and the world is better off having him punished in exactly this way. 


Care to cite that one? 
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:03:28
So then bitch about the politicians and businesses pushing those bad decisions. not the system which enabled it, because that same system has also enabled progress, technology and development previously thought to be impossible. We don't have gold backed dollars, but that doesn't mean they are without support. The US dollar is backed by the US economy. As long as we keep making it better, then we do have unbounded room for growth and expansion. Hell, we're even gonna start mining in space soon, so even your commentary and fears about the limitations of earth fall short: WE are not limited by earth. 
I genuinely think you have a lot of bad beliefs you should review. We do not have a population crisis, not yet, not even close, and no need for population stabilization. We also don't have a landfill crisis, or any food shortage. 
There are financial issues, sure, but no one is genuinely talking about tossing the baby out with the bath water, as you suggest. Debt is an issue that was created. If we created it, we can fix it, too. Just involves shifting incentives. 


I don't give a hot shit if someone wants to go around pushing derivatives and other people are willing to buy into it. The price of gold for any market fluctuates. It's an outright lie to say that the value of gold, compared to the buying power of currency, has never dropped. 
I didn't realize you were talking about buying something with gold. That's a very silly discussion to have, but if you would like to talk about it, then go ahead and say what you'd like to say. We also don't tend to buy things with human hair, though human hair still has value, we just need to convert that value into a common currency through someone like a hair broker(real job, btw). 
I'm not saying bitcoins don't have value, I'm saying they don't have value as an investment, at least no value beyond any other pump and dump scam stock. And shorting the pound is not the same as a pump and dump. You're mistaken, again. It could be used as a currency, and probably effectively, at that. But only if people start doing that, and give up this idea that they will ride it into the sunset. 
Look, you're obviously bright, but I think you overestimate your grip on a lot of these topics. I think you're too eager to make some point and end up stepping on your own feet while you dance around some objection. You seem interested in financial policy and economics, you should go get a text book or two, and turn pseudo documentaries like loose change off. 
I don't doubt at all that bitcoin, or some other cryptocurrency will find a use in our society. I do think it will largely be used to facilitate criminal enterprise, but even that's not without merit. However, if you mean to tell me that bitcoins are going to revolutionize anything or fix the world's problems, then I am genuinely concerned for your financial future, and highly suspicious that your perspective has any basis in reality at all. Otherwise, I genuinely wish you to carry on to be healthy, wealthy and wise.
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:57:55
So in your mind, my criticisms of one reprobate are somehow invalid unless I belabor a huge laundry list of other people/entities that have also done bad things? I have no idea what the fuck you're on about, or why you're talking to me, but if I assume you're trying to make some point connected to mine, then the point you're making is VERY stupid. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 01:23:25


It changed nothing, people were breaking those same laws before Silk Road, they broke those laws during and via Silk Road, and those same criminals are engaged the same illegal enterprises. The laws have not responded to law breakers to permit that behavior, and they never will. You've fundamentally misunderstood the way society progresses. 


With 100% certainty, it absolutely did. The whole point was that the users could use it to make deals concerning virtually any black market activity, including wholesale identity theft, malicious hacking for hire, hitmen, anything disgusting you can imagine. That was the entire point. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 15:24:50


No, it din't. TPB isn't down or unique, not even for its time. It was just popular. Since the internet has been around, there have been people exchanging protected IP for free. TPB did nothing special other than get enough attention that more passive users could get into using torrents easier. But that doesn't render all of IP null and void, that's a crazy thing to say. 


No, that's what drives changes in technology and the marketplace, not for policy. Policy is an intentional process, the marketplace is an evolving and dynamic process that has no intention behind it. 


Because we can totally trust a collection of criminals? 
@_date: 2017-02-22 23:15:42


Clearly that would hinge on the percentage. If no one is spending it, then it's impossible to consider it a currency, right? 


I don't think it's objective numbers that matter, I think it's clearly a percentage(of BTC circulating, not users hoarding). 


You can't earnestly believe that. Are you familiar with concepts of elasticity? 


You chose the analogy, I fixed it for you, you tell me it's a bad analogy. I don't know what else to say to you on the matter ... 


It's not an assumption, it's an observation followed by an assertion. Are you actually reading my comments? 
@_date: 2017-02-21 16:39:30
But you people DON'T use bitcoin, you just horde it in the hopes of cashing out. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:31:44
You do realize that the mere declaration of bullshit is not a sufficient attack, right? You've said nothing of value, and to pretend that Ross Ulbricht has not done very horrible things is flat out dishonest. He's had people murdered. You claim this was some sort of trickery, though does that at all undo the fact? He paid to have multiple people killed. Is that a point you would like to dispute? Yet to your malformed mind, he's some sort of freedom fighter? That is such a farce. 
@_date: 2014-11-13 20:43:33
The problem is not overstated. You will all lose your money if you keep trying to prospect the shit out of bitcoin. It will merely act as a pump and dump to siphon your money into someone else's pocket. A currency requires mass possession and use. So start using it. Otherwise, expect to lose your ass. I'm convinced you're all being fleeced right now, but you do have a chance, albeit a tiny one, to legitimize this thing. But it cannot remain volatile AND practical. 
@_date: 2017-02-21 21:50:57
LOL! You cannot be serious. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:41:23


Because the federal government has such a hard time raising money? Jesus christ, this is tinfoil hat land. This is pathetic. 
@_date: 2017-02-22 14:00:21


No, it's not. If people used them as currency instead of a commodity, then maybe that would be happening. There's only a handful of vendors who even accept them, and even those companies aren't seeing much activity. But you can't tell me that businesses attempted to take money is somehow an indicator that BTC is the currency of tomorrow! Companies do anything they can to get more business, the issue is whether holders of BTC are willing to use them in exchange for goods or if the BTC IS the good they want. If it's the latter, then you won't ever see widescale use. 


I would agree with this analogy if all the people who first bought cars just kept them inside a house, protected, under the assumption that one day this thing will be super valuable, so best to keep it mint! Then the roads would've remained for horses. As it stands, roads now are not for horses. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:57:21
But all you're doing is creating more volatility by trying to game the market. It baffles me how this community cannot understand that they are the cause of their own instability. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 17:07:46
This guy, on multiple occasions, hired assassins and had people killed while maintaining the medium for which such transactions could take place. It's completely fucking ridiculous that anyone would defend this unrelenting piece of shit. 
@_date: 2017-02-22 20:45:31
I never said BTC doesn't work. I said it's not being used as a currency(generally speaking), and until that changes it won't become a currency. 


You're the one who chose that analogy. It's not my fault it's a dogshit analogy. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 10:24:18
Between the profit taking and blatant manipulation, you'd think you guys might learn along the way. 
@_date: 2018-11-21 15:46:41
You're part of the very problem you lament. Either this thing has utility and continued value, or it was a bubble and will die in the not distant future. If you're only prospecting bitcoin, you're gonna be the one holding the tab. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 07:02:35
You think stability means a continually raising value? 
@_date: 2018-03-29 14:52:10
Did you see that squiggly line at the end of my sentence? OH LOOK! Another one! Those are called question marks and they denote questions. I was asking a question of clarity. Saying "push for stability, price will follow" is very strange. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:48:39
Sorry man, I gotta bust you down a peg. If you believed in crypto currency doing any of those things you just said, you wouldn't cynically try to profit from it while hoarding as much as you could all to convert it right back to regular currency. You would use it and demand that other vendors accept it. But no one really does that. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 02:04:49
Fuck yourself. -Master Race
@_date: 2018-03-27 05:44:20
Didn't this guy have several people assassinated, and for incredibly petty reasons? 
@_date: 2018-02-06 15:17:23
I remember hearing tons of stories of people buying pizzas with like 500 BTC, and lamenting how that pizza was worth x millions or whatever the conversion rates were. And this sub actively celebrates every tiny company that says "we now accept crypto!" I get that there are advances that can make these things easier, but to pretend that there just isn't a functional way to use it as a common currency is both against past evidence and WILDLY undermines your point that people aren't doing exactly what I just said: cynically holding for profit, not utility. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 02:06:07
That explains why this place is so fun right now. You guys are taking this like champs, seriously. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:01:40
You cannot be serious. 
@_date: 2015-10-27 20:52:19
What on earth makes you say that? 
@_date: 2015-10-28 01:44:11
Your claim is that bitcoin can only progress through a series of bubbles where it constantly burns a larger and larger group, but that's how it will grow? Sounds to me like that's how it will die. And you're an eager part of it. I don't think my understanding is the problem here. I think you have an unrealistic idea about the utility and value of a private currency. Because here's the rub: if it's just a series of bubbles, then it's not a currency, it's just some empty thing being prospected over and over. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:01:13
1% of transaction occurring with bitcoins is an outright delusional expectation. Not saying that cryptocurrency has no place, but it certainly has no value as a currency if it doesn't function as a currency, and currently, bitcoins are not functioning as a currency. It's being treated as a commodity, and prospected. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 04:12:15
Equating noise to bubbles is just fucking stupid. 
@_date: 2015-10-27 20:51:58
If you're interested in stability, you're dealing with the wrong crowd. I agree with you, by the way. Stability is vital for cryptocurrency to have any utility whatsoever. But very few people buying them up either understand or appreciate that perspective. 
@_date: 2015-10-27 22:50:32
Have you?
@_date: 2015-10-27 22:51:05
Then I guess we have a major disagreement on what constitutes a "bubble."
@_date: 2016-07-20 23:18:19
Who cares about facts or reasoning, I JUST WANT TO MAKE MONEY! 
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:13:40
Yes, let people get emotional about their investments. That's such a wonderful idea and great tactic to manipulate others into saving YOUR ass out of the red. Fucking scumbag, OP. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 08:23:46


Why will it die now because of manipulation, when it didn't when it was far weaker?
I've been aware of bitcoin since it started. I'm not undercutting the progress, or utility. I'm merely pointing out the dangers and potential risks. Above all else, I am most certainly not rejecting reality. People are using bitcoins for a number of transactions. Not contested. But this simple fact doesn't mean it can't go off the rails at a moment's notice. 


If you're getting close to the limit of bitcoins, then you would expect manipulations to increase in frequency and severity, assuming there is some group interested in and capable of doing this. It means they are more insulated from losing their ability to influence the value, and they can far better approximate their expected gains. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 00:58:17
You mean minus everything I said and based only on your TINY amount of personal experience? Yeah, you sure make a compelling case that bitcoin isn't being treated as a commodity. Look, kid, if you don't understand the words being used, maybe the discussion isn't for you. Stick to banging noise out of a instrument and blowing your money on pizza, and let the adults talk. 
You don't even seem to know what a commodity is. I can purchase things with a commodity, or really any equity, provided the other party accepts it. We might want to say this is more akin to barter, but I don't care to split hairs, I'm explaining why this private currency is problematic, and unlikely to supplant any government backed currency. Stick your fingers in your ears all you want, it doesn't matter to me. But if you claim to have evidence, by all means, produce it. Otherwise, I get it, you're all drinking Kool-Aid, loud and clear. 
And in all of this, I never even touched down on the horrible results of a private and untraceable currency, such as sustaining and enabling criminal markets, like human trafficking and child-pornography rings. But whatever, there are moral hazards everywhere. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 12:31:36


These are laws and considerations which I would consider non-obvious, in so far as if you're not aware of them, they wouldn't be salient as a practical problem. 


Could you give an example of what you mean? I think it's somewhat apparent that there are massive labor-forces around the globe which are essentially languishing for a lot of fairly trivial reasons. Though fixing those reasons might prove costly, and continued interaction may be inconvenient. As a result, we have huge swaths of Africa where people have nothing to do all day, and they go hungry. There are a number of contributing factors there, but it does seem horribly wasteful, if that's roughly what you're talking about. 


I doubt the technical details in my head haven't been considered already, so I'll just forego any further pursuit of that point. 


I wasn't clear on what OTC exchanges meant. 


I wasn't necessarily suggesting that regulation would even be able to fix this, outside of just a continuance on the temporary halts train of thought. I really just don't know any other mechanism to give people a chance to further consider their next move, but then again that time off could allow the reaction to be far more pronounced when EVERYONE has notice and a chance to dump. So who knows if it's even viable, or offers any real benefit. 


This is where we begin to drift ideologically, A modest drop in value in exchange for stability seems more like a tax, not theft, and one I would gladly pay when it's so well distributed. Inflation is a very effective tax on people hording cash. I would rather that money go to encouraging economic and technological development. So I don't have any major problems with this sort of thing. 


Greece was doing fine on their own. And by that, I mean they were able to determine their own living standards. The Greek are a very lazy people. But that's what they wanted. I'm skeptical that most of the economies won't do fine with no international integration, or HEAVILY integrated. It's the middle-ground that seems to cause a lot of problems. When a country wants to have things both ways. 
Multiplying by 500 times isn't a lot less impressive when you start at close to nothing. Google isn't likely to triple in value in a decade, even though they could very will increase their profits by more than any other company in the world in that same time. Growth becomes harder the larger you are. But I'm not gonna claim to know the future, and I have almost no knowledge at all that would make me feel confident enough to make a prediction. I'll just say that it seems ambitious, and best of luck. 
@_date: 2013-08-28 22:25:08
That's super impressive, but incredibly irrelevant. You haven't offered any actual reasons why I'm wrong to assert that it's now treated as a commodity. It's traded and prospected. That wildly diminishes the value it has as a currency. Would you buy a pizza today, or wait til tomorrow when the bitcoin is worth more, and buy two pizzas? Do you even understand why that's a problem? 
Do you even know the history of bitcoin, or understand that and how it can be manipulated? I'm guessing you don't, and your only evidence is anecdotal, assuming you're not just lying. But even if you're truthful, you haven't even rebutted my position, not one little bit. 
If I can make a quick dollar off a pump-and-dump, that's worth way more than wanting or using some private currency. I need to expand my wealth a lot more than I need to make some pseudo-political stance against using a government-backed currency. Anyone who feels the opposite is just the base of people who will prop up my gains. 
Lastly, you do realize I'm not denying a "bitcoin economy," right? I'm detailing how it's evolved. You're really dumb if you don't see that. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 21:03:23
Are you're suggesting this news should have no impact on the value of a bitcoin? 
@_date: 2013-08-29 10:03:29


That's an interesting point/counter-point. I will think about this some more. 


I thought that's what I was talking about, and I fully concede that it's a very valuable service bitcoin can offer, though I don't see any inherent reason why some company like pay-pal wouldn't want to offer some similar service. It might prove problematic in that people will attempt to game and exploit this service if we're not using any meta-currency. Meaning the house is holding all the tabs at the end of the night, instead of the users bearing whatever marginal losses and gains may accrue over some time. 


Wouldn't this only be an issue for any potential conflicts? The way I understand it, once a transaction goes through, that's it. No more recourse. How much room is there for conflict when everyone has the ability to just say "fuck off?" 


English is a trash language in many respects. It's my native language, so it's comfortable, but I can certainly recognize its flaws. 


That mentality and language, I would argue, is problematic for your over-all goals. Though maybe that changes in time. 


That is my point, as well as an apparent obstacle. I understand that many of these exchanges are privately controlled. One started as a magic card sales service, if the apocryphal story I heard was accurate. If there are more than one major exchange, then the trading gets very murky and problematic which(keep in mind all of this is merely to the best of my understanding and knowledge, which is admittedly shallow and sparse) essentially enables wholesale fraud. So, again, you have pooling of leverage, but done for an almost vital reason. And an person or group which is capable of manipulations without recourse or threat of consequences. I'm reminded of that EVE Online fiasco, once again. 


Could you explain how this works a bit? Why would the exchanges experience a windfall? 


I don't know what "huge" means, here. And I don't know the limit on bitcoins. But if usage continues to grow, then at some point you could reasonably expect perfect storms of too many people doing the same thing at once would create a rather substantial swing in value, and one that might be amplified by reaction, resulting in a sort of self-perpetuating spiral. And the snap back could be an over-correction, etc. This sounds wonderful for a prospector. It sounds somewhat uncomfortable for my bank-account. 


That's pretty fucking ambitious. But time will tell. For your sake, I genuinely hope you're correct. Seems like you would stand to profit nicely from that sort of movement. 
In any event, thanks for talking to me like a real person. I try to keep up with a lot of these topics, though I have no formal education. I hope that wasn't too obvious. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 20:05:36
For the sole purposes of taxing it, yeah. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:33:24
Do you guys get that this is a proposal to tax and regulate bitcoins, thus largely destroying its appeal? 
@_date: 2013-08-29 07:16:41


Sorry, explanation of what? I have no desire to use a currency that offers no guarantee of continued value compared to some other stable currency for the same reason that I don't buy meals with stocks in my portfolio. I'm holding them with the idea that their value will grow. And that's NOT a problem? It's not a concern that people are trying to horde and manipulate value to leave people just like you propping up their gains and profits? That sounds like a big problem to me. 
I'm not saying it couldn't work, I'm saying that the way it's been treated in the recent past severely undermines the practicality of bitcoins as a form of currency. Maybe it's returned, but for a while there everyone was hording and holding. That's really bad for a currency. We want to avoid harsh cyclic flow of boom and bust. A currency is supposed to accurately reflect value-in/value-out, if it can't offer that, then what good is it? Why would I accept it as payment unless I intend to cash-out RIGHT at that moment? Or maybe I'm engaged in some activity that requires I use some form of untraceable funds, like criminal behavior. And if that's the only reliable advantage it has to offer, then I'm not sold. 


You say this, but I haven't seen anything suggesting that the use has continued to grow since the most recent and public pump-and-dump/bubble. What else would you call that? 


I'm not talking about steady growth, I'm talking about volatility. Meaning it swings in both directions. 


Slow and steady ... you seriously don't see how it could've gone any differently? If there was some group aimed at controlling it enough, like halting trading if something catastrophic happened, give everyone a chance to understand exactly what happened, not just the people watching like hawks to take advantage of some erratic or fast movement, then the abuses could be mitigated. But at current, the only group able to assert any control has incentives to fuck me out of my money. 


Actually, he did EXACTLY that. He dismissed everything I said as irrelevant and wrong. Yet here you are granting my position as a given? Ok, then you're not arguing against me, you're arguing against him. 


I don't know much about the current status of bitcoins. I see a number of very serious problems. 


I granted him everything he said. That was being generous. But this is a group so drunk off kool-aid that any opinion saying this won't make you all filthy rich or that it isn't going to show everyone the world-over that adults CAN buy their child-porn worry free must be a fool. 
On the whole, you actually seem somewhat competent, but completely delusional. It is late, are you just drunk, or something? 
@_date: 2013-08-28 20:15:35
By what evidence am I wrong? The meteoric rise of value bitcoin saw a few months back was a horrible event for bitcoin. It means it's not a currency, it's a commodity, and an empty one, at that. For a currency to be viable, it's very important that the value is both predictable and stable. Bitcoin value has been very volatile over its lifetime. Explain why that's going to stop. 
And there is no built-in pressure relief valve. Not to mention, it's being influenced by a mob, which should only give people more pause. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 07:03:59
You don't actually think Ron Paul would be doing a better job, do you?
@_date: 2013-08-29 08:13:44


There's a hard-limit to bitcoin numbers. That's one of the touted features. If, let's say, some Russian mafia happened to control the majority of them, they could manipulate the value. Agreed? I don't know if this has happened, but anyone with enough money could do this to suck a lot of the long-term users mostly dry. 


I would be surprised if this was true, though it would radically undermine my position. I would assume, and reasonably so, that MASSIVE influx of new users changes things. Surely it's been growing, the public noteriety alone will help with that, but how has it grown? Casual use, or people hoping to take advantage of the rise in value? I think distinguishing between those two groups matters a lot. 


I get the intention, and I'm saying it has huge obstacles both in moving forward, and with their history. A private currency is worth EXACTLY its reputation. 
If you can only draw in people who want to make some social point, and are willing to bet their bank-account on it, you're dealing with a very small group. Banks here are FDIC insured, that goes a long way. And the currency itself is tied to social solvency. My dollar won't collapse in value unless society crumbles, at which point, I have no need for any currency. Bitcoin could largely vanish tomorrow without any real consequences, and your relative wealth would be in the shitter if you were too heavily invested. Some guy did something like this in EVE Online. 


This is probably your strongest point, it can act as a meta-currency. I think that's actually a very valuable service, but it's hard to say it's much more than a service. I could do the exact same as a lending/credit company almost trivially. If bitcoin gets too big, they will likely see competition as a services industry. But, it's still pretty valuable, though highly limited in use. 


I'm not against bitcoin, I have no pony in this race. Though I would very much like small-time users to understand the risk, or at least that the risks are known ex ante for potential users. We're only better off when more people understand currency/finance, or really anything that moves us away from those Federal Reserve conspiracy nutjobs. 


Well, I'm suggesting that wide-spread use will not be likely unless there is some assurance that going on vacation won't expose me to massive risk, and that I won't have to check bitcoin value every few minutes to feel secure in my primary form of payment. 


Just like what happens on the stock-exchange? I didn't say attempt to establish a value, markets will handle that. I'm talking about something akin to halting trading if something terrible happens. Give everyone a fair-chance to respond, understand the movement, and make a calm/collected decision. Otherwise, the exposure to risk is just too great for extensive use, considering there are a finite number of these things floating around. 


I think you're giving home-boy WAYYYY too much credit. He made no attempts to isolate specific claims, no one other than you has even engaged in a substantive discussion, and even you have called me an "idiot" for the position YOU assumed I took. But on the whole, you seem alright, so I'm holding back my more combative nature. 
As far as my position, it was more of a "if my prediction is correct, and I think that it is, then it will very likely turn into a law-value occasional pump-and-dump scheme where people who are involved in good-faith will lose lots of money." 


So you're just naturally a cantankerous cunt? I can respect that. 
Also, returning to a previous point, I am curious about something you mentioned. What advantages were you talking about that liquidity would offer? And in what ways is a bitcoin not mostly liquid? Is this a matter of how easy it is to trade it for some government currency? 
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:55:32
Says the guy whose best plan for legal troubles was shoving a tampon up his nose ... 
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:03:56
LOL! Ron Paul is a fucking idiot, pretty much on every level. 
@_date: 2013-08-28 19:57:13
Prospectors will ruin it, there is no pressure relief valve built in, and the volatility will destroy any practical use of a bitcoin as a currency. End of the story. It will die as a typical pump and dump, as it gains more confidence for having SOME reliability, the value will start to climb again, and another pump and dump ending with a crash. 
@_date: 2013-08-29 07:29:33


No, I don't come to these forums. I don't really care about bitcoins outside of seeing it come up on my every once in a while. 


You can say that, but I don't believe you. I don't know what points you claim to be "right about." But in general, you seem rather delusional. 


A compelling argument for what? Point out the controversial claims I've made, and I can go into more detail. But so far, you've offered literally no response beyond "that's not a problem," and "we've been arguing people like you from the beginning and we're right." That's so compelling! 
Do whatever you want with your money. I don't give two shits about your financial status/solvency. I responded to someone saying that no one could know anything about bitcoins. I think the recent past shows a rather clear trend in how bitcoins are being treated, and there are a LOT of people who think they can make money off pump-and-dump schemes. ESPECIALLY when there's a core group of die-hards who establish a comfortable floor. But if you think you're smarter than designed collective attacks and malicious manipulations tantamount to insider-trading, then you have no business talking to a simpleton like me. Go make billions and show Soros how it's done. 