@_author: groupconsensus
@_date: 2018-06-17 15:51:50
It’s an ad hoc way of measuring the value of somebody’s time. The foundation of this idea is based on the concept of “opportunity cost”. When you see a penny on the ground, you have to make one of two choices: is it worth your time, or not, to pick it up?.
@_date: 2018-03-11 09:23:04
Watched 1/3 of the movie and stopped when the criminal underlings went to a random phone repair shop to have her phone’s data (private key) retrieved after it was shot up, but lost the key to someone else. Basically, the criminal master mind gave his private key away to underlings to do some legal exchange, then underlings lost it... I don’t know what happened after that, my guess is the story continues with the underlings go through a series of adventures to recover the key while avoiding authorities.
I stopped watching because:
1. Why did the master mind have all his BTCs on one key? He could just create wallets/keys with just the amount needed for the exchange.
2. Who the hell goes to a phone repair shop to retrieve disk data that also contains a valuable bitcoin wallet/keys? And on top of that, why the fuck is the wallet/keys not password protected (encrypted)?
3. Movie makes it look like your BTCs lives on the device, it doesn’t, so why bother retrieving data from the phone at all?
4. Who the fuck cares about a shot up phone? Just keep back ups of the keys somewhere else and toss the phone and move on with life.
For most movies I suspend my disbelief so that I can enjoy it. But this movie is suppose to be about bitcoin, I can’t suspend the above 4 disbeliefs when the main plot is suppose to be driven by Bitcoin.
This movie felt like a waste of time and I’m glad I didn’t waste the other 2/3 watching it. It’s so bad, that I believe it actually spreads FUD because it misinforms viewers on how cryptocurrencies actually work, especially those who encounter cryptocurrencies for the first time (from this shitty movie).
Go spend that valuable time and watch some talks by Andreas Antonopolous, it’s many orders of magnitude more entertaining and informative.
TLDR; movie spreads FUD and misinforms about Bitcoin. Don’t watch it and don’t make others watch it.
Edited spelling, again...
@_date: 2018-02-07 08:37:30
The article is right about bcash and its use of r/btc, I thought it was a bitcoin subreddit and only realized it’s actually bcash subreddit after a week of exposure to anti bitcoin sentiment... 
@_date: 2018-03-11 17:42:24
I enjoyed the Oceans movies, but that’s because it wasn’t cringe worthy. 
Everything done in Bitcoin Heist makes you face palm: “if they were professional criminals, why didn’t they take the effort to make multiple wallets and have backups?”. To the non-informed about Bitcoin, I really do think this movie would put them off to try/use any crypto.
I started watching this movie hoping that Bitcoin would be a cool plot device, but the movie had so many strikes for me that I had to stop because I felt like I could better spend that time doing anything else.
Everyone has a different “suspension of disbelief” limit when watching any fiction and that limit is based on how informed you are and how willing you are in participating.
As for my comment on AA. I wrote it because I felt that Bitcoin Heist can actually put regular people off from trying crypto and perpetuate the narrative of “Bitcoin (the technology) is just a toy”, the movie just misinforms so badly. I really do hope cryptocurrencies can bring about positive change, like what AA says, but I don’t worship him and still take things with a grain of salt.
Buy hey, maybe the last 2/3 of the movie was totally awesome and completely explains the flaws I pointed out. Some one let me know.
@_date: 2018-03-11 09:45:30
Sorry, I meant to say Andreas. Corrected.