@_author: groundboyfirstclass
@_date: 2017-02-02 20:24:21
What up. I'm the "friend". I did alot of research (the first two pages of google) and argued with the guy who got me into TCC for over an hour. It got pretty heated until he went "Just Facebook message Joff then! He answers people's questions!" So I did. Below is a transcript of the conversation. 
Hello Joff,
My name is Groundboyfirstclass. I currently have 5 BTC in TCC. I have done some research on you and on the company as well as asked around to see how legit it is because 5 BTC is a lot of money. I Read a magazine article that said you are a veteran suffering from PTSD and medicating with CBD.  I read other articles saying that you were in a motorcycle club called bikers for Christ which is when you had your accident. I read that your old name is Jefferey web and you changed it. I'v read a lot of terrible things that people said online about you. And I'v read a lot of things about tcc that make it seem very suspect. Obviously I take everything I read with a grain of salt, after all, it's the internet.  there's a lot of false information out there. What can you tell me about yourself, your past, and your company that can convince me that it's legit?
Well for one thing TCC has a license and we have shown them. 
As for me some of the things you read are completely false.
I have nothing to run or hide from.
 As far as my name I was adopted when I was 7 and I have all the papers to prove it.
I have nothing to prove to you or anyone else. 
But as far as my character and morals and ethics you should ask my wife friends and anyone who knows me. TCC is a real legal Company. 
No one person has control of your BTC you do. Everyone has there very own account. You want an interview with me I am happy to give you one.
I run or hide from no one. 
Do your research before you join anything.
 Then you'll be happy you did. 
Lucky for you we are a legitimate business with license and then insurance with real people that work with us at our corporate office. 
Rest assured we are not here to take your BTC.We have thousands of people who are in at a lot more than 5 BTC. 
End quote. 
I still have 5 btc with TCC. I made .04 off of it yesterday. It's legit. It feels sketchy. It feels like a pyramid/ponzi scheme. All the incentives they put in place to get you to recruit people are way over the top. They use all the same language that multi level marketing companies use. But I'm still in contact with Joff. He legit wants to meet me. I'm considering asking him to do an AMA on here so that more educated folk than myself can do more legitimate research and ask him specific questions about the validity of TCC. I could be wrong. The whole thing could be a sham. But I'v legit made bitcoin and have a continuing conversation with TCC's frontman. So, I'm sold. 