@_author: grovulent
@_date: 2016-08-01 01:40:40
Well I wasn't assigning a cause to the direction in which in breaks.. just the large volume and amount of the change when it does happen.
@_date: 2016-08-04 04:56:21
While I don't disagree with your sentiment - we have to acknowledge that it doesn't leave any room for the requirements of modern finance; which require the ability to trust other institutions with your money...  debt is the obvious example... it makes a lot of economic growth possible through the incentivisation of the distribution of capital to where it is needed in the economy.  Trading relies on it too because you need to be able to instantly deploy your capital to a trade to take advantage of light-speed markets.
If Bitcoin can't be safely stored by institutions that also need to access that storage to provide their services - then it will get relegated to a side show at best.
Having said that - I'm reasonably confident that over time things will get better.  The systems seems relatively anti-fragile so far.  Shocks like this go a long way to improving robustness overall.  Compare that to the banking industry which is insulated from these sorts of failures in all sorts of different ways.  That's why over time they will get weaker - and we will get stronger.
@_date: 2016-08-01 06:32:17
Do you mean as opposed to being a giant astro-turfed shitfest - with various vested interests in direct control of most of the major content categories?
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:57:10
There is a lot here I don't understand or at least could be explained more clearly.


If people can borrow money to buy bitcoin at significant degrees of leverage - then that's a danger for market stability that by itself has nothing to do with tether.  What needs to be established is how tether is enabling leverage of this sort.  I can't find a clear explanation of how exactly it does this.
One theory is that bitfinex controls the mystery bank account where tether has deposited the redeemable cash used by those to purchase tethers - and is lending that cash to clients to purchase bitcoin on margin at significant degrees of leverage... And it is THIS, supposedly that is DRIVING the bitcoin price spike.
But if this is the claim - this makes no sense.  First of all - Bitfinex doesn't need ACTUAL USD to allow a leveraged margin trade to occur on its exchange.  That's just a line item in its database. Financial institutions do this all the time.  They only need USD when people withdraw USD.  So if the demand was there for margin borrowing so as to establish long bitcoin positions, the fact that bitfinex has access to a large bank account with lots of cash in it has NOTHING to do with what fundamentally caused that demand.  And if bitfinex did not offer to satisfy that demand, customers would have satisfied it elsewhere.  Fundamentally - tether cannot be used as an explanation for the most recent spike in the price of bitcoin.  Animal spirits - as per usual - is the more parsimonious explanation.
What tether does allow - if Bitfinex is insolvent - is to delay the point at which they have to acknowledge that insolvency IF withdrawals exceed reserves.  Now maybe the collapse of an exchange in itself is something that would crash the demand for bitcoin generally - and if every account holder on bitfinex is wiped out because they can't withdraw USD or bitcoin - then you lose that specific source of demand as well.  Such an event was a big deal when it happened to mt gox, because it was so critical to the ecosystem at the time.  And maybe bitfinex is similarly significant in its position today - but I'd need to see additional evidence/argumentation before I'd just accept this as true.
So I don't see any a priori link between the solvency of tether and the price of bitcoin at all - unless of course enough people copy-pasta vague stuff like this and enough people believe it.
@_date: 2015-06-04 19:06:54
I personally think you're being histrionic.  The intent of the bill as I read it is to cover wallet services, coinbase etc and the exchanges... and that's largely it.
That to me follows pretty intuitively from the definition of a virtual currency business:
(1) Maintaining full custody or control of virtual currency on behalf of others.
(2) Providing conversion or exchange services of fiat currency into virtual currency or the conversion or exchange of virtual currency into fiat currency or other value, or the conversion or exchange of one form of virtual currency into another form of virtual currency. 
So I think the onus is on you to give an argument as to why this interpretation is not the obvious one.
I mean - it even includes merchants as one of the listed exceptions to the definition - so I honestly don't know what you're shrieking about.
@_date: 2015-12-29 05:25:56
The alternative analysis/data you supplied in your presentation certainly was compelling!
@_date: 2015-06-06 10:29:24
What data exactly are you looking at?
@_date: 2015-06-17 17:51:35
A very thoughtful article - and well written.
I do think that the author is over-thinking the lack of consumer adoption and use.  As one of these 30 something males that don't spend their bitcoin - it has less to do with the fact that Bitcoin has a fixed supply, than the fact that I just can't be bothered.
Besides the quantity of Bitcoin set aside for investment purposes - I could buy some additional bitcoin for spending purposes.  I almost did recently.  Having bought my original bitcoin from bitstamp, I wanted to use something that would cause less distress to my bank than the  wire to a slovenian bank account... so I signed up at coinjar.  I got to the point where I had to send in scanned docs - and I just couldn't be arsed.
The claim by the author is that the fixed supply is causing the lack of consumer use.  Well - the fixed supply is perhaps incentivising me not to spend my allotted investment.  But it's not what is stopping me from buying a usage-allotment of bitcoin for daily use.  What stops me in that respect is the simple fact that it just doesn't benefit me to do so.
The other thing that prevents me from using bitcoin for purchases is that even storing a small amount (say 50 dollars) in bitcoin is annoying from the point of view of volatility.  So if I were to use bitcoin at all for purchases - I'd buy the bitcoin specifically as I need it.  But that's just more overhead.  Effort.
Bitcoin isn't going to become a medium of exchange any time soon.  It's a commodity... and will be marketed as a way to securely record transactions.  Folks like the author who are sceptical that Bitcoin can play a signficant role in this respect - believing that banks will just use their own block-chains - have to bear in mind that it's not clear whether the costs of building and securing their own blockchains will be cheaper than paying fees on the bitcoin network.  
No one knows how this will play out.  But that's essentially what the success of Bitcoin as a commodity comes down to.
@_date: 2015-06-30 03:04:07
Not sure I entirely agree - doesn't bitcoin provide a mechanism for people to send money to friends and family from OS and vice versa?  They can at least exchange via local-bitcoins - though you'd expect local traders selling euro will run out of supplies pretty quickly.
@_date: 2015-06-14 22:18:42
During the financial crisis - people started to refuse to honour letters of credit that traders would use to buy and sell goods.
This was a major escalation of the crisis - the fact that loss of trust in banks meant that day to day global trade started to freeze up.  If bitcoin can provide a way to avoid the use of banks in these transactions, then that's a massive bug-fix of the whole system.
Having said that - I don't entirely understand how Bitcoin is to serve as a replacement here.  The need for the letter of credit (as I understand it) comes from the fact that when a trader buys some goods to sell overseas, they don't know for sure that they are going to be able to sell them all, and thus be able to pay their supplier.  Thus a bank provides a letter of credit to the trader, which is then given to the supplier in exchange for goods.  This letter of credit ensures that the supplier will get paid at a certain date - irrespective of the fate of the trader.  Thus the supplier feels confident about handing over their goods.
It also allows greater freedom to the trader who doesn't have to dump a load of capital into a bunch of goods that will be sitting in boxes on a ship for however long.  And this is important - if you are a big trader, you'll otherwise have millions of dollars of capital at any given time, just sitting in boxes, doing nothing.
So it's not just about the fact that the money exchange is happening cross border - it's that there is a specific need for the credit - as credit... 
How exactly does Bitcoin fix THIS problem?
@_date: 2015-06-05 18:44:52
Lol - we're going round in circles - my first comment quoted that very section.  What I'm asking for is an argument from you as to why it should be interpreted as you're saying.  It doesn't help me understand your point of view if you just point back at the text we're arguing over.
Are we trying to exchange ideas here and learn from one another - or not?
Look - a bit of googling sorts this out pretty quickly.  "Doing Business" is defined elsewhere in California law, namely by the Franchise Tax Board - which defines doing business as:


So folks can swap bitcoin for fiat without fearing prosecution so long as they aren't doing it for profit.  Local bitcoin traders who do it for profit are targeted by this bill.  But restaurants that accepted and casual non-profit exchanges are not.
And look - I agree it's bad that local bitcoin traders are going to be hit by this.  But folks like yourself aren't helping the discussion by making it seem worse than it is.
@_date: 2015-06-14 22:44:35
Okay - so a third party (a bank) can still be involved in facilitating the smart contract right?  Someone still has to guarantee for the buyer that the funds will be sent to the seller.  And that someone has to be 'other' than the buyer, so that the buyer doesn't tie up their capital in the bought goods.
Assuming yes - a couple of questions.
Does the third party have to have the requisite amount of bitcoins in a wallet they control?  If so - how does fractional reserve lending happen?  If banks can't lend more bitcoin than they have - then, how does this effect trade?  The capital required to buy the goods gets locked down - this time in the bank's Bitcoin wallet that has the smart-contract obligation written to it.  But then - one big part of the problem isn't really solved.  Capital still ends up getting tied down and made unusable for the duration of the contract.
@_date: 2015-06-10 04:28:24
I voted this up in the hope someone will post the text...
But screw you OP for posting paywall links
@_date: 2015-06-05 18:47:46
Local bitcoin traders who do it for profit will be affected - and I agree this is bad.
But the claim in the original comment I was responding to was that merely accepting bitcoin as payment for goods and services, as well as casual exchange for fiat between people.  This claim I believe to be false.
@_date: 2015-06-05 08:39:58
Where in any piece of US legislation (let alone this bill) does it state that exchanging types of currency between two people makes you a business?
@_date: 2015-06-04 20:55:13


Is one of the parties in the exchange representing a business?  It's defining: virtual currency BUSINESSES...
C'mawwwnnn...  check your biases... you are looking so hard for the government bogeyman that you are forgoing all basic tenets of linguistic co-operation and assuming any possible ambiguity you can weasel.
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:20:24
I enjoyed your response.  I think I agree that NSA type folks are probably profiling contributors for extremist views - and so that if the possibility that bitcoin seizures take place they can effectively move against BTC holders.  But I think it highly unlikely that scenario would come to pass.  It's much easier for governments to ban exchanges and merchant adoption than end user ownership - and such a move would be enough to knock bitcoin for six.  So yeah - unless you're planning to break existing laws, I don't think you have to worry about your NSA profile.  It probably exists, but I doubt they care about you any more than that.
As for your statement about us folk talking about lower payment fees over the revolutionary potential of bitcoin - I'll leave it to you to decide which of those possible types of fools that you think I am.  But consider this.  If this is war would it really make any sense to:
1) Announce to your enemy that you are going to attack and destroy them
2) Advertise over a fucking megaphone what all your strengths and weaknesses are
3) And all of this while you are still small and weak?
It just boggles the mind how stupid this is.  Seriously - STFU.
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:20:40
A more interesting comparison is with the Rai, a currency used by the islanders of Yap:
@_date: 2014-03-11 04:03:16
Nah - I wrote a reply in the spirit of genuine engagement, but thought better of it.  But until you learn to address people with respect you don't deserve a genuine response.  I will be happy to continue this discussion if you refrain form the personal attacks (e.g. 'idiotic argument' statements').
@_date: 2014-01-13 07:33:21
Okay - gonna devil's advocate here about some aspects of this talk.  Don't get me wrong - am a massive fan.  Some of the ideas here are truly amazing and deserve great consideration.  And overall, the work that Andreas is doing is admirable beyond words.
But there is one aspect that bothers me about the presentation - it has a very palpable air of hubris.  In the talk he makes the points that a) bitcoin, if it is not stopped - will inherently disrupt/destroy existing systems of centralised political control, b) Bitcoin CAN'T be stopped (short of some undiscovered technical fault in the protocol) and c) this is all a good thing.
I claim hubris because the pictures painted are in many respects very simplistic.  For example - take the claim that we are governed by centralised power systems which are all inherently corrupt and serve only the those who control them.  This is incredibly simplistic, and if you take the claim at face value, it's certainly wrong.  Because if it were true at face value, it would be impossible that centralised governments could have achieved anything like social security, health care, roads, etc...  which clearly seek to protect more than just the interests of those in direct control of said governments.
There was no attempt to allay any concerns someone from the political mainstream might have about what will happen when governments can no longer provide such services.  And I feel this plays into the hands of those that would paint us as political extremists.
Which leads me to the other great hubris - that bitcoin can't be stopped.  I guess you would feel free to espouse grand libertarian dreams if you felt unstoppable.  But note that your arrogance concerning your political ideology provides motivation for your enemies to stop you.  And why attract those sorts of attacks, especially so early into the game? 
But what about the belief itself that bitcoin is unstoppable?  What argument is offered for this?  The main one seems to have two parts:
1) That bitcoin is a decentralised information network and so can't be shut down
2) Network effects will increase its value exponentially.
I agree with the first. But the second is arguable.  For instance this paper:
Argues that network effects of existing currency systems militate against adoption - and it's not certain that the savings obtained through using bitcoin will be enough to offset the costs of switching.  Furthermore, governments around the world could choose to make the costs in switching prohibitively high by, for instance, throwing you in jail if you get caught accepting the currency.  So I really don't understand the basis on which Andreas can claim that it is unstoppable.
Frankly, I wouldn't at all be unhappy if people just shut the fuck up about the world-changing shit - and marketed bitcoin simply as a cheap way to send money.  Let the revolutionary shit just fly under the radar for a while until its position is more established and secure.  Because the reality is most people DON'T WANT revolutions.  They want tomorrow to proceed roughly as it did today.  They like their roads flat and their sitcoms predictable.  I see no use in freaking them all out at this stage.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:35:43
This is a confusion of what is meant by 'intrinsic value'.  If something had intrinsic value, then I could be reasonably certain that others would desire it, regardless of me knowing very much about that person - besides having a standard human psychology.
These things you cite are certainly desirable properties for a currency - but they aren't properties which by themselves make me confident that another person that I don't know will accept bitcoin.  Not in the way that I can rely on a person to like gold or diamonds.
@_date: 2014-04-11 05:39:09
Burn it to the ground?  Over react much?
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:50:48
Regulation and oversight doesn't bring transparency.  The Federal Reserve, for instance, repeatedly fought freedom of information requests from Bloomberg requesting information about the solvency of Wall Street firms receiving hand-outs from the government.  
What we as a community should - and already do demand - is direct an unmediated transparency from the businesses with which we do business.  We won't get this if we remain coddled by government sanctioned regulation.  We have to demand it as a community - and refuse to do business with those that refuse to provide it.
@_date: 2015-06-06 09:19:07
The key thing I'm waiting for - as a serious bottom indicator - is growth reports from all the zillions of bitcoin remittance startups that have sprung up over the last year.
Seriously - there are so many of these companies springing up that it's quite astonishing:
Now we just have to see if they can achieve any significant market share.  Either way I expect we'll see some signficant news items related to this by the end of this year - or maybe middle of next.
What's quite astonishing about this is that their business models would not be feasible without an open, distributed ledger like Bitcoin.  I think it's great that the big players all want to build  their own blockchains.  Let them spend all that money buying the chips required to secure them.  That's what we want them to do!  Meanwhile the startups relying on the open chain will hopefully have the edge they need to stay ahead.
@_date: 2014-09-05 06:59:45
I emailed em yesterday.  They said it will go live next week.  They didn't specify the day.
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:38:59
Yeah - a good example of how traditions become completely disassociated from the reality which birthed them.
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:16:44
Well - I'm not disagreeing with you there.  Within 5 years is entirely possible.  But you started off saying by the end of the year!
@_date: 2014-05-27 15:49:05
Don't you think you should provide some kind of argument for a statement like that?
@_date: 2014-03-13 08:14:19
Can anyone explain in a bit more detail how the HoB concretely get kicked off the network?
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:44:27
Don't assume banks and law enforcement agencies are joined at the hip such that their aims always co-incide, e.g:
@_date: 2014-04-04 01:43:15
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:58:37
I don't see anyone else stepping up that I would trust more.
@_date: 2014-02-05 01:52:44
You're the new HAM radio
@_date: 2014-03-11 05:13:41
You know the regression theorem right?
If gold didn't have intrinsic value before being used in industry then as per the regression theorem it never could have become an exchange of value.  If you deny that it had intrinsic value - then you need to provide an explanation as to how it became an exchange of value.  Saying it had intrinsic value is a straightforward and parsimonious explanation - because people always wanted it.  To quote Menger:








Besides - use as jewelry is still a use.  I don't know why you would arbitrarily limit the scope to industrial use.
I suppose your hand holdy statement is a small improvement in tone but not much - but I did laugh at you I guess.  So fair's fair.
And I don't know why you keep banging the drum on Bitcoin having no intrinsic value.  We agree on this.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:31:58
Yeah - I agree... all value is extrinsic in this sense.  But given past usage, it's easier to refer to the kind of psychological desire we had for things like gold as intrinsic (as a relationship between an individual and the thing) - while using 'extrinsic' to refer to the relationship existing between the thing and the state.
The term 'intrinsic value' itself is not very well thought out imo.
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:10:24
In a number of african countries, despite the lack of basic essential services like electricity and running water, many people have mobile phones that they charge using solar.   Payment systems have already sprung up in africa that make use of this wide penetration of mobile phones into the market (where you basically just send money via sms I believe).  Given that bitcoin is just information, you could build services that allow people to send bitcoin via sms in just the same way even though they don't have an internet connection.
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:39:47
Trying to have a discussion here... I don't really understand why any rage at all is necessary.  I'm sharing a perspective to get other perspectives in turn.  There have been some good replies that have challenged my ideas and made me think.  Yours is not one of those.
@_date: 2014-01-13 09:43:57
That's true - I just think the time for banging the revolutionary drum has ended.  It's mainstreaming now.  All the people who can appreciate the deeper aspects already know about bitcoin.  And we don't need to convince them.  We need to position ourselves to our target market.  Having prominent members of the community banging this drum - at this stage of the game may not be the best marketing strategy.
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:11:25
okay - that means the fb val is 23.3 times bitcoin.  23.3 times current bitcoin price is about 12-13k.  But we got 5 years difference - so you're only talking about a growth multiple that gets us to just over 10k within 5 years.  But you are claiming that it's gonna be 10k THIS year.  
So you can't use this FB stat to bolster your case for THAT particular claim.
@_date: 2014-01-20 08:16:48
Agreed - let's qualify the statement to make it a bit more robust (and closer to my original meaning) - most people in rich, western countries don't want revolutions.  But presumably we still want bitcoin to mainstream in these countries as well.  
Case in point - one of the examples Andreas mentions was the payments people working in rich nations send back to their poor families overseas.  But if all the local exchanges are shut down, and bank transfers are banned - obtaining bitcoins will become very hard for these people.
So my larger point still stands.  Avoid threatening elites for as long as possible.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:57:02
@_date: 2014-01-02 00:52:28
Not necessarily, price can be determined by speculation based on fake agreement...
@_date: 2014-03-21 06:18:56
Don't.  I just ran the regression for bitcoin and it hasn't even dropped below the regression line.  As you'll notice - it generally stays below that line.  People need some perspective...
@_date: 2014-02-18 05:05:42
This article is 5 days old.  And you didn't even link to the direct article.  Please don't post like this.  It makes life more difficult for people who peruse the new section looking for good content.
@_date: 2014-12-03 04:48:13
Get off my lawn!  :)
@_date: 2014-02-06 00:44:58
No one can tell you definitively that it will.  If you want something in depth on how something like Bitcoin can have value - and what determines that value:
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:23:57
This dude is so fucking high on his own drama.  Holy shit...
The post has such an incredible:  "Everyone is stupid except me" vibe - it makes it incredibly difficult to see past the narcissism and address the meat of the argument.
I for one am pretty sick of the libertarian noose that hangs around this community's neck.  Here is a dude that on the one hand is screaming against regulation of trust reliant exchanges - while at the same time, screaming equally loudly that he feels the community isn't self-regulating to his standards. The cognitive dissonance must be horrifying for the poor chap.  
Where you require trust, you require regulation.  It's a basic fact of life that everyone has TOO MUCH SHIT TO DO - to be able to individually do due diligence on every institution with which they do business.  I don't understand why this is so hard for die hard libertarians to understand.
The question is getting the RIGHT regulation, that isn't so onerous that it stifles what it seeks to protect.  This is the basic a priori starting point of discussion.  And if you can't come to the table with this baseline of commonsense then this community is going to drown in its ideology.  Seriously, it's a wonder to me that such people can count to three.
@_date: 2014-05-15 01:03:23
No - they just expect that those that genuinely want to help the poor will do it at their own expense...  As opposed to those who just want to look like they give a shit by going on and on about how the government should spend other people's money on the poor.
@_date: 2014-03-18 08:11:06
Awesome!  I've been frustrated by the lack of places to spend bitcoins in Sydney.
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:49:02
I actually agree that it would be a disaster for the poor.  I'm not actually a libertarian myself.  But I was specifically taking issue with the claim that libertarian people are selfish, and non-libertarians are not.  Non-libertarians are just as selfish (if not more) - since their motivation toward government charity is more about signalling how good they are as people as opposed to actually being good people.  For if they were good people, they would be.... good people.
@_date: 2014-03-17 13:40:13
While you're at it - you might go long on your assumptions.  I was just wondering if there was news coming out of china.
@_date: 2014-02-04 05:49:05
Okay - I'll try to restate my question.
You seem to make the following argument:
1) Fixed supply of bitcoins causes perceptions that its value will increase.
2) The perception that its value will increase leads to hording and a lower velocity of money.
3) A lower velocity of money prevents bitcoin from achieving mass adoption
And you conclude that it's going to be difficult for bitcoin to achieve mass adoption because of this logic.
Okay - so what I want to know is the following.  Rather than just jumping straight from 2) to 3) - why wouldn't the following occur:
2.5) Lower velocity of money (and the lower adoption that results) - causes the perception that bitcoin's value will decrease.
2.6) People start spending bitcoins out of a fear that they won't be worth as much in the future, thus the velocity of money starts going back up again.
2.7) Eventually, because of increased velocity, people start seeing adoption increase and start to think bitcoin is going to achieve widespread adoption, so bitcoin's value starts going up again.
You could imagine this cycle repeating over and over.  Now if the velocity of money was the only thing determining people's perception of value, then you could imagine that this loop would keep bitcoin at the same place in terms of both price and adoption.  But this isn't what is happening in the real world, instead, bitcoin is currently growing in adoption.
So the conclusion I draw from all this is that the velocity of money has no NET influence on bitcoin adoption at all in the long term.  It has a short term cyclical effect that eventually cancels itself out in the longer term.
So why I am wrong and you right?
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:45:33
And I love that vision of a decentralised political reality... I really do... but I still think it's hubris to be so confident now that it will work (and work more effectively).  Surely a little doubt here is healthy?  
But besides that - I still think that even if it WOULD work - the problem we face today is that the incumbents won't believe it.  And if they think Bitcoin will precipitate it, they'll move against it.  That's my main point.
@_date: 2014-03-02 09:02:53
If I had a bitcoin for every time someone on this reddit made this joke.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:03:43
You know - from a certain point of view I agree with you.   You're clearly an asshole.  Even you must know this.  And there is nothing we can do about asshole like you.  We just have to accept you'll always be there to fuck up shit if you can.  You can't help it.  It's your nature.  You're just a little fucked up synapse failure - a small snot on the wire of life.
But to put morals on you like most folks are doing on this thread is a waste of time.   Where I agree with you is that the system must be able to endure your type, or die.  Tis a shame - but that's the reality we've been bequeathed.
P.S.  I do still hope you eat shit and die...  :)
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:08:36
Not even workin bro...  ;)  But do carry on...  it's entertaining...
@_date: 2014-02-10 10:28:43
Woah - so they are gonna try and blame bitcoin... and the core dev team.
I can't speak to this because I don't understand the technical details well enough - but I can't imagine this is going to end with hugs and puppies.
@_date: 2014-05-25 07:57:11
Because it's fun...
@_date: 2014-03-24 06:42:55
Yeah - trained on data by a specific algorithm though.  With source code and data provided you should be able to replicate results.
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:52:51
The point is that that the lack of intrinsic value isn't CAUSING their value to go to zero.  Or to point it another way - the lack of intrinsic value isn't pulling it down - like it would have pre-internet.
Now when you make an investment decision - you do so on the basis of what you think the real world causes are out there in the world that determine it's value.  Back in the day - a lack of intrinsic value would have been something that you had to factor into your decision making - because it actually would have played a causal role in determining price.  But it plays no causal role now - so you don't factor it into your thinking.
To put all this another way.  Yes - bitcoin COULD go to zero.  But that's not relevant to me unless I have some causal story about why it might.  It's like saying - the world could explode tomorrow.  But I'm not about to blow all my savings on hookers n blow - because it's not a possibility I'm actively worried about.
edit: sorry to actually relate this back to alt-coins...  Bitcoin has the mind-share they don't.  Thus there is a reason to value bitcoin over the alts.  So it's quite reasonable and consistent to believe that they are going to zero, and believe that bitcoin won't.
@_date: 2014-04-02 10:02:31
I told you not to get metaphysical...  :)
I would have to go deep into theories of reference to discuss this question.  And I don't want to... I just don't want to.  
 You can challenge on a metaphysical basis the existence of any intrinsic property.  And plenty of philosophers have.  Specifically on the notion of intrinsic value - from the entry of the standford thingo:


@_date: 2014-03-11 03:24:01
That's a really nice article - thanks for the link.
I completely agree with the claim that context to a large extent determines value.  But you have to be careful when trying to use this fact as an argument against the intrinsic value proponents.
The intrinsic value people will retort immediately that, for instance, the human condition guarantees that we will always need shelter - thus the context will always be such that it puts upward pressure on housing prices.  But there is no such fact about the human condition that requires us to need Bitcoin.  And while the context now is such that enough of us love bitcoin - without some essential human need at stake, this context might evaporate at any time. 
So in order to combat this response - you have to point out - as I have done, that it's not enough for them to point out that a context COULD evaporate, they have to point to some causal process that will bring that about.  And sure - they can say governments will crack down etc...  But the actual issue of intrinsic value drops out as irrelevant to the discussion.
@_date: 2014-05-06 03:09:02
I think the best way to estimate this would be to get data from the github api about the number of people contributing to bitcoin related projects.
I'll do it if I get time and report back - but pretty flat out atm...  so prolly won't get to it any time soon...
@_date: 2014-01-27 05:22:34
Don't hate yourself bro... live n learn.  Implement your suggested policy fixes in ego-orientation and keep movin.  You'll do fine.  :)
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:42:54
Well this is a tragedy of the commons if ever I've seen one.  Individual agents acting perfectly rationally - while they all as a group run right off a cliff.
If we do all fall off the cliff - then it will at least prove that individual incentives have to map perfectly to group incentives for a decentralised system to work.  Good to know.
@_date: 2014-05-28 03:23:45
Okay - it's one thing to advocate for a regulatory regime that goes against certain libertarian ideals.  It's another thing to do something which implies that an individual can't be trusted - like lying, stealing etc.  The two are totally apples/oranges.  And to conflate the two is really unfair.
@_date: 2014-02-04 01:35:08
I've never understood this argument.  I don't want this comment to come off as negative - because I genuinely want an answer to my confusion - because I never seem to get an answer that I can understand.
If the lack of velocity causes a lack of adoption - why wouldn't this cause people to come to perceive bitcoin's future value in a more negative light, therefore prompting them to spend.  
That is to say - why doesn't the effects on demand for bitcoin caused by the velocity of money result in an equilibrium over the long term?
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:28:53
I totally agree with you that the network has value - but it's a confusion to assert that this is the same as - or a stand in for 'intrinsic value'.
Intrinsic value is some property of the currency that causes people in general to desire it independently of its status as a currency.  So I have a bit of gold - I can rely on people desiring it because of their psychological attachment to shiny things etc.  People have no such attachment to robust networks.  So you can't claim that this network is akin to intrinsic value.
The distinction is subtle - but significant.
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:17:09
Well - no hard feelings but I don't understand how that answers my question?  To be honest it doesn't even seem on topic.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:53:03
The only disappointing thing is that people continued to trust Mt Gox as long as they did.  No one witnessing this debacle now is going to make that mistake again.  If only life had taught them that lesson earlier.  But we are unfortunately very insulated as a society.
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:37:55
I like this reply.  My experience of other cultures is limited.  Certainly - getting anyone in my immediate context to give a shit about anything beyond posting food selfies to facebook is like pissing into the wind.  But it's encouraging to know that other people are more engaged.
@_date: 2014-05-23 00:59:19
Bear in mind that you're talking about a rate of growth that would be greater than the current exponential growth we see currently - at a time when the amount of capital required to propel it to the next bubble peak is an exponential amount greater than the previous one.
Even if any of your scenarios obtain - greater than exponential growth is psychologically perverse.  People will likely judge it overvalued at such growth rates (since that sort of growth isn't sustained ANYWHERE in the natural world)
@_date: 2014-01-13 10:19:53
I'm not telling you that you shouldn't care about that aspect (though I do advocate that you question yourself thoroughly about it) - I'm saying that if that is how Bitcoin is presented to the world then people are going to fight it.  And if you believe also the hubris that Bitcoin is unstoppable, then you may not be able to defend bitcoin adequately against its attackers (because hubris breeds complacency).  You will, therefore, undermine nothing but your own ambitions against the governments you despise.
@_date: 2014-04-02 07:52:42
Okay - trained philosopher here.  Frankly economists have messed this up with some pretty poor choice of language.  You yourself use a term like 'intrinsic items' - which might mean something inside economics, but it could mean a billion things to anyone else.  As philosophers use the term 'intrinsic' your statement is literally meaningless.
So - if philosophers have any contribution to make - it's in clarity.  Let's start with definitions.
An intrinsic property is a property possessed by an object by virtue of itself.  It does not rely on any other object in order to possess that property.  The logical form of propositions about properties which are intrinsic - where P is the property and 'a' is some object, is:
Pa (what we call a singular proposition)
An extrinsic property is a property that is possessed by an object only by virtue of some relation that it shares with with another object, or set of objects.  The logical form of propositions about extrinsic properties can't be a singular proposition - that involves only one object - it must be relational.  So it looks like:
R(a, b) - where R is some relation 'a' is the object at issue, and 'b' is some other object or set of objects.
For example, I'm talking about an intrinsic property when I say that 'a' has mass of 1kg.  I'm talking about an extrinsic property when I say that 'a' has the property of being more massive than 'b'.
So let's now talk about value.
So let's assume by value it is meant that if an object possesses this property then humans desire to own it.  But if THIS is what is meant by value, then ALL value is extrinsic.  For it's a property that objects possess by virtue of our desire for them.  That is to say - it's a relational property.
This is likely what many people were thinking of when they were voting up the comment you speak of.
But hang on - before you get upset.  Does this mean that economists were just totally confused when they made a distinction between intrinsic and extrinsic value?  No, economists aren't complete fools.  They just chose their terms poorly.
One way you commonly see the distinction maintained is by focusing not our desire itself, but on the types of properties possessed by the object that are desired by us.  I.e. which properties of the object do we value, and are they properties which are intrinsic or extrinsic to that object?  So if we desire an object because it is say, useful in hammering a nail, then we desire it for its extrinsic properties, and thus under THIS usage, we could say it has extrinsic value.  If, we value an object because it is shiny, like gold - a property that is intrinsic (don't get metaphysical, just don't), then it has intrinsic value.  Fiat currency, which we desire because we need it to pay taxes, has extrinsic value.  Note, that gold can have both intrinsic and extrinsic value - once it becomes a reliable store of wealth, it gains extrinsic value, by virtue of the relation it has to our financial system.
Now - your definition - which is completely valid in and of itself is different altogether.  Extrinsic here just means - 'has no use outside financial reality'.  E.g. You can't use fiat money for anything outside of finance - so therefore it's extrinsic.  And 'Intrinsic' just means - 'has some use outside of financial reality'.  So - we use water to stay alive - thus it has intrinsic value.  Gold btw is used to some degree - so it has some intrinsic value on your definition.
Now as I said - there is nothing incorrect about your definition.  As far as I am aware - it interestingly cuts the same as the prior definition I looked at.  (At least, I can't think of a counter-example).  For instance - Fiat  currency is extrinsic on the previous definition because of the relation it has to being used for paying the government.  It's extrinsic on your definition because it plays NO role other than that.  They both get the same result - but for different reasons.
(Edit - sorry - this is wrong.  A hammer has extrinsic value on the prior definition, but intrinsic value on the second - so the two definitions aren't equivalent.)
But what a complete mess of language.  On your definition - the word 'extrinsic' which commonly refers to relational properties is being used to identify a set of things like 'fiat money' and their LACK OF RELATION to anything useful outside our financial uses.
It's a good example of how academics operate in their own discourse and fail completely to communicate to the outside world.  In this case what they have done is take a pair of common words and neologised them.  This is WORSE than coining a new word that nobody uses.
@_date: 2014-01-14 01:05:39
You're putting a lot of words in my mouth - so it's hard to get a clear idea about exactly what upsets you in what I've said.  I'll try to paraphrase what your complaint is and maybe you can tell me if I've understood correctly.
You seem to resent the idea that I would advocate a particular marketing strategy for bitcoin that focuses on rich western people, even though Bitcoin could help millions of poorer people who are not beneficiaries of the current status quo.  And that I do this as a means to help rich people, without any regard to the poorer people.  Is this a fair summary?
Here's my response.  At no point did I say I was interested in helping rich people over poor.  You seem to be confusing what I advocate what I think bitcoin should be marketed as versus what it ultimately should be used for - these are two different things.
I have great concern for the poor people.  But I still don't think the best thing for bitcoin generally, or for those poorer people, is to market bitcoin as a revolution that will overturn the current powers that be - and redistribute wealth more fairly.  Why?  Because, assuming that Bitcoin will help poor people in this, then if the current powers that be move against it, and it fails, then it's those poorer people who will suffer, not the richer people.  The richer people can still use their credit cards to buy shit at walmart, made by poor people across the world in sweatshops.
If rich people come to believe that this status quo is in any way threatened by Bitcoin, they'll move against it.  And at this current stage of the game, if they did that - I believe they would probably win.
So yes, at the most, let's tell rich people that bitcoin can save them a few bucks.  Ranting on about how Bitcoin will destroy the established order of things - without thinking that this is going to bring the hammer down upon you is naive beyond belief.
@_date: 2014-01-08 06:31:54
I had a brief look at the instructions - but it looked very difficult and time consuming.  Plus, I wouldn't know how to set it up to work with my BFL asic (wouldn't even know where to start - since I currently just use their easyminer software for connecting to a regular pool).
Anyone know of a step-by-step guide on how to do this?  I don't mind putting in some time.  But I don't want to be fumbling around, not knowing what I'm doing.
@_date: 2015-05-24 11:27:02
The big takeaway is that if the folks from 21 could write a decent blog-post that wasn't next to incoherent in terms of specifying a business plan - there wouldn't be any need for this kind of endless speculation.
I'm changing my settings to 'not-give-a-fuck' until such time as they release product or write an intelligible business plan.
@_date: 2014-01-17 11:32:43
TLDR:   BLAH BLAH FUCKING BLAH - I"M A PROF...  BLAH BLAH... STATUS SIGNAL... BLAH
I'm sorry, but the arguments here are so asinine - so superficially researched - with absolutely no attempt to be self-critical.  This article is a waste of your time.  Would not bang.
@_date: 2014-02-04 10:40:35
Okay - that's quite good.  I like that response. 
The chicken and egg problem is overall quite interesting.  After all, at bitcoin's inception there were ZERO places to spend it.  Zero velocity should have prevented blocked any adoption whatsoever.  That's exactly what the Mises regression theorem predicts.
Yet somehow it's value grew regardless.  We could theorise that this was caused by a kind of novelty factor.  But if you're right, there must be some kind of curve where lack of velocity starts to pull against the confidence generated by the novelty factor.  The question is whether this curve is declining at a faster rate than increasing adoption can mitigate against.
I do feel though - perhaps this is my bias - that it's difficult to know in advance whether the decline rate in confidence is fast enough to cause a collapse in the currency.  I feel that's an empirical question.  We'll just have to wait and see.
Thanks for your response though - was helpful.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:41:59
If you genuinely want to exchange ideas and improve my thinking and the thinking of others you would meet at least these two standards of discourse:
1) Where you claim that someone's understanding of a concept is wrong, you would give an argument as to why you think its wrong.
2) You would refrain from insulting a person till at least you had given them the opportunity to listen to your argument and either rebut or revise.
You fail 1) because you say I don't understand 'intrinsic value' - but you've given no argument as to why you think this is the case.
You fail 2) because not only do you not give me an opportunity to consider your argument before insulting me, you don't even bother to provide an argument.
In summary - you're clearly an asshole.  And not worth any further engagement.  :)
@_date: 2014-01-27 05:20:37
To give you an idea of what you are up against.  I got my 60gh/s miner from BFL delivered just in time to just make back most of the purchase price.  
The real kicker was that it got held up in customs for 3 weeks.  When I finally got it, I was making 0.05 bitcoins per day - which was about 50 bucks per day.  3 days later difficulty went up 30 percent.  So that dropped to about 30 dollars per day.  And it has kept dropping from there.  Is making less than 0.01 bitcoins per day now (although I switched to peercoin for shits and giggles - and up until yesterday was making about 2 peercoins per day.  Difficulty is going up so fast I expect it won't make power costs in a couple of weeks time.
If I had got it just three weeks earlier - probably would have doubled my investment.  That's the thin line you walk.
The real problem is that BFL has limited production capacity and you don't know how many pre-orders are in front of you.  But this product line was announced a while ago, so it's likely that there are a lot.  If you could determine reliably when you would receive your product, then you could make an informed purchase.  But you can't.  And BFL is known for being very optimistic in their estimations.
TL/DR just buy coin.
@_date: 2014-03-21 09:32:36
Word.  Why did some folks vote you down?  A-holes...
@_date: 2014-04-08 09:14:09
I think the onus is on you to do this research and summarise it for us if your going to make an accusation like that.
@_date: 2014-02-28 00:13:13
Okay - before we all gang up in outrage on the ridiculousness of this attack on our white male privilege...  there is a substantive marketing question that needs to be addressed here.
If Bitcoin is going to mainstream then the disenfranchised is a natural market.  
Strasser asks why they aren't getting on board.  Her answer is not very good.  She writes:
"Bitcoin users’ rejection of the government reflects the luxury of being able to live well without state support, while the less advantaged desperately need a larger government role in the banking system to help them them overcome deep, systemic bias."
And that's it.  This claim is ridiculous.  It's not like someone chooses to use a service because they reject libertarian ideals and therefore choose something state backed as a matter of principle.  They pick whatever the hell is convenient and accessible.
The rest of the article has a point, however, Bitcoin is a technorati play-thing.  We have to take seriously the question of how to break through our own bubble.
I personally don't think any solution will be found until a simple, cheap and low-risk way of storing bitcoins is developed.  Every time I've tried to encourage someone to get a wallet, and I mention how they really should encrypt it, and make backups etc... their eyes glaze over and shutdown.  
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:04:02
Was trying to keep it short.  People listen less when I go full rantox.
It's more accurate to say that fiat money has extrinsic value - 'extrinsic' because of its relationship to governments.  The use of extrinsic value of Fiat was made possible by the centralisation of power around monarchs.  And over time it eventually made intrinsic value redundant.
So the correct historical progression is:
1) Intrinsic value needed - when no decentralised power and high communication costs
2) Extrinsic value needed (intrinsic value less needed) - when centralised power and high communication costs
3) Neither needed - when communication costs effectively at zero.
I actually try and stay away from pointing out how governments are unreliable at protecting value.  Although I believe it as you do - it generally antagonises them when they are supporters of government control.  It's better to just point out that relying on extrinsic value (mediated by agovernment) is a cost that we have to all bear (exchange costs between govs, for example - paying for the army of economists needed to determine value etc).  It was a necessary cost back in the day.  but it simply isn't needed any more.  
"Not intending to rag on your government old chap - they solved a problem that we needed to solve back in the day.  We just don't need that anymore."
@_date: 2014-03-08 08:19:24
do.... not....... care........
@_date: 2015-05-05 16:38:26
Such salt...
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:39:19
Yeah - that's obvious... my point is with respect to their rhetoric about making costs immediate and the way it seems to contradict the obvious obfuscation of costs involved.  I want to know why they are bothering with this rhetoric at all...
@_date: 2014-03-11 05:38:35
I don't really see how you can logically avoid the position that it didn't have intrinsic value - if you believe it's intrinsic value comes from its use as a conductor (and I presume you mean other industrial uses).  Well - gold wasn't used for anything beyond jewelry and the like back in the day.  So how could it have intrinsic value under your definition?
Plus you say things like:


Well that sounds like you're talking about something which doesn't have intrinsic value - because if value is just merely agreed upon (like bitcoin) then it doesn't have intrinsic value.
Then you go on to say - I guess you could say it didn't have intrinsic value - but you don't really know if this is true or not (and then suggest we can look it up - lol), and flim flam like a motherfucka...  So who knows what your actual position is.  You don't seem to know yourself.
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:38:47
One can certainly hope so.  :)
@_date: 2015-05-26 15:00:00
In practical terms this announcement doesn't mean very much.  I doubt very much that these guys will add any concrete value to Xapo - and likely will have cost a lot of money for this endorsement.
Having said that, many people can only think in terms of status...  they can only recognise value when other folk with status confer their blessing.  
From this point of view - this announcement is very good news.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:43:16
But if - as you say elsewhere - they only expect a single device to produce a few cents worth of satoshi (in order to smart contract etc) - then how could this possibly offset the costs of chip production?  You can't have it both ways.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:06:54
I don't see how this can be true given that they state:


They are here directly marketing the product as a revenue generator for chip companies.  That could only be with respect to the inherent value of the satoshi itself.
@_date: 2015-05-12 08:54:36
So much dumb...
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:49:36
Lol - they gave out 50 dollars in bitcoin...  such rich, many generosity.
@_date: 2014-03-11 03:07:12
No, not enough said:
You gotta pitch your argument to your audience.  they believe that a lack of intrinsic value is a drag on price.  You're just offering them a counter theory without anything to help them understand why you are right and they are wrong.  That's what my story attempts to do.
@_date: 2014-03-11 04:07:42
Umm - it's part of it.  You mentioned that it be used outside its use as a medium of exchange...  and I agree with this.  But people use it as jewelry, for instance, because it's pretty to them.  
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:46:28
critique does not equal trolling...
@_date: 2015-05-09 05:10:15
I wish they would address what 2.26 does mean if it doesn't mean front-running.  
It says pretty plainly that market makers get info about bids earlier than the rest of the market and have the privilege of filling those orders first.


But now they claim:


These directly contradict one another. But they haven't updated their terms of use to reflect the second statement.  Don't trust them until they do.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:55:09
But they will have zillions of miners... they don't need bitcoin security
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:20:58


Right - so let's emphasize - this is a solution to the on-ramp problem.  Make bitcoin a device spec that only techies will give a crap about.


Which to me defeats the entire raison d'être as it was stated.  The point, as I understand it, is to make the costs of using the device for various applications transparent and immediate - as compared with using up space on my hard drive which has a cost I already paid when I bought the hard drive itself.  And sure - I'll be able to see the costs of using the device in terms of the amount of the mined bitcoin I've spent - but in terms of the electricity (and the extra costs associated with buying devices with an extra chip in them) - these costs are totally obfuscated, because it's not straightforward to see how much my device is costing me in fiat denominated electricity costs.
So from the consumer point of view - this is really all about minimising effort and obscuring costs.  And look - let's face it... consumers are fucking retards by and large.    And this seems designed to cater to them.  Maybe that's why it's smart?? I have no idea.
But then - what is all this talk about cost immediacy (in bitcoin terms) even for?  How is it related to mining essentially?  As far as I can understand - it's not.  You could still have that if you bought the bitcoin and transferred it to the device.
@_date: 2014-07-24 06:50:41
Transaction volume is given in USD... so there is a substantive question here.
I do think, however, that reduced volume may in part be a result of the popping of the bubble.  All those that got into bitcoin at the peak of the bubble will have to accept losses with every purchase they make.  Not psychologically attractive.
@_date: 2014-03-11 04:46:04
Are you for real?  So by your logic - gold had no intrinsic value until  they started using it as a conductor.
Okay - now I'm laughing.  Cause now you have come up with an explanation as to why gold was used as a currency for thousands of years.
Hilarious...  For a moment there I at least thought you knew were you were talking about and just misunderstanding me.  But you're clearly very confused.
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:27:01
edit:  I might add that there are plenty of reasons why VCs might not know what they are doing.  In this case the VCs and the founders are all mates.
That's not a recipe for bias!  &lt;/s&gt; But also - if the founder is a former VC, well they might know a bit more about how to pitch to convince a VC.  As a comparison, I can assure you that there are plenty of shitty academics out there that are good at writing grant applications and getting grants.
@_date: 2015-05-29 17:16:33


So SJW now means to act with conscience on any matter whatsoever?
Jees dude... At least let the term make it into a dictionary before you rape its meaning.
@_date: 2015-05-12 08:15:12
I'm a little over the Saveonsend FUD.  While the article does raise some issues worth thinking about - it is nevertheless written by a company whose entire business model relies on there being significant variation in cost structures for remittances.  Their bias is pretty clear.  They might be right in their claims - but their first interest is in preserving their business model.
Overall - the only people who truly know what the realities are for remittance businesses are the ones building and operating those business in their specific markets.  And we won't know how well Bitcoin can compete until bitcoin based remittance companies start releasing results.  Until then - it's all just self-interested theory crafting.
  
@_date: 2015-05-05 18:03:47
Evidence of this?
@_date: 2015-05-27 16:17:15
I learned something today...
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:19:37
Izabella Kaminska has made the claim saying she has sources that know this to be the case.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:39:59
This is the key point.  Companies can produce value... so they are getting valued in terms of their potential to make money in the future.
The value of bitcoin is simply a function of the rate of people buying it vs the rate of people selling it.  That is all.  Bitcoin itself does not produce value.
Personal computers don't produce value either (they might help a company produce value) but they themselves are just things that sit there until we use them to make value.  So it stands to reason that all the of the computer companies, who are valued on their potential future earnings, would be worth more than the computers they just produced.
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:14:10
Are you his Smithers or something?
@_date: 2015-01-23 07:56:38
Okay - I'll see how hard it is to setup some kind of wiki thing.  I must admit my motivation is low atm... but then again - I really shouldn't be running off at the mouth without being willing to front up with the goods.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:58:36
Glad that's cleared up...
@_date: 2015-05-26 12:16:31
Also folks, another handy hit for checking for possible bias, consider whether or SaveOnSend's CEO has any professional ties to MasterCard - which is well known for spreading anti-bitcoin FUD.
Oh snap - he was the head of MasterCard Advisors for three years prior to founding SaveonSend...
@_date: 2015-01-22 22:48:43
Sure - but we still need to be constructive a bout this.  I'm thinking we need a wiki with up to date info on the easiest ways to buy for each region. - so that when we see these questions we can quickly link to it.  
This is just basic customer support really...
And no - the link in the sidebar to "How to buy bitcoins" isn't good enough.  Lot's of people asking about how to buy in Canada, for instance.  Well - here is what they are greeted with:
That doesn't help the newbie.
Here is the crap going through their heads as this point:  Can I trust any of these?  Jees - I don't want to have to spend hours looking for reviews of all these.  Woah crap - they're asking for my personal info.  Is that normal..? Uggh...  Too overwhelming... too scary... too hard.
And they give up.
To us these might seem like silly questions - but they are completely understandable from an outsiders point of view.
What we need is a page with maybe 1-2 of the best options for each region - with a step buy step guide for that particular experience.
@_date: 2015-01-21 06:41:12
Fractional reserve is actually not the worst thing they could be doing... There are rumors of front running and naked shorting going on...
@_date: 2015-05-09 03:56:09
The most likely interpretation to me is that the market is telling us that it is willing to pay a very large premium on not having to personally hold the bitcoins.
This in turn tells us two possible things.  1) The value of holding bitcoins themselves is low (because you can't do that much with them yet).  2) The risks/costs of holding bitcoin are high (hacking etc)
It is probably some combination of 1) and 2) that is causing the price discrepancy.  As bitcoins become more useful and safer to hold, you should expect this discrepancy to narrow.
This might in fact become a very useful indicator of the state of adoption of Bitcoin with respect to its value as an investment instrument vs its value as a measure of value/value transmission vehicle.
@_date: 2014-05-23 00:53:01
If the current rate of growth holds then we'll hit 10k by middle of next year.
Soz - but you're wrong on this one.
edit - I just mean, wrong given your assumption of growth at the current rate.  I have no idea what bitcoin will do generally.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:36:05
He's too busy cumming...
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:51:48
Sure - many successful startups generally sounded crazy at inception.  But you are inferring the antecedent if you reason that things that sound crazy must be good.  
@_date: 2015-05-18 18:53:06
I'm still trying to figure out if this is incredibly smart, or incredibly stupid.  The key idea seems to be the following:


The whole way through the article I kept asking why they need these devices to mine in order to perform the potential applications they list.  From what I understand none of these applications are dependent on being a miner.  Up until now, I've been working under the assumption that if we all thought all these things depended on being a miner, we wouldn't have thought Bitcoin had any potential at all.
But these folks completely invert that thinking by seeing embedded mining as a way to avoid the on ramp problems that bitcoin faces.  Okay - I can see some value in solving the on-ramp problem in this manner.  Whether or not this is using a tactical nuke to hammer a nail, I can't tell.
But also - they see the embedded mining as making various costs of using the device completely transparent - they'll all reduce down to an available resource like available cpu - i.e. mined satoshi.  It's this latter part I just don't get...  What other device resource loses power when more and more devices connect - i.e. the difficulty scaling in bitcoin mining?  What if the difficulty goes so high that my embedded chip renders my device unable to perform these applications because I'm no longer mining enough satoshi?  So then - won't the failsafe be that I have to buy bitcoin and transfer it to my device anyway?  Well - let's just solve that on ramp problem directly then... 
Then of course there are the costs associated with mining...  This value they ascribe to the convenience of mined bitcoin - is it so much higher than the losses people will take in electricity costs?  How do they even run the math on that?
So yeah - I really don't get it.
@_date: 2015-05-05 15:20:28
Yep - let's just do this.  It's a good opportunity to show the world the community can reach consensus and make the needed change.
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:59:45
Or just send it some satoshi as soon as it connects to the internet for the first time... the cost of which can be included in purchase price of the machine.
Nothing in that entire blog post explains why mining is necessary at all.
@_date: 2015-05-26 04:40:33
Just bear in mind folks when reading saveonsend.com's 'critique' of the prospects for Bitcoin remittance that their business model relies on there being a significant disparity in remittance fees between different services.
As such they have a strong vested interest against something like bitcoin driving profits down to their marginal costs.  They certainly don't want to see a world where mass adoption of bitcoin drives profits in the remittance space down to zero.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:26:53
Well that that's considerably different to the empty/harmless trojan horse story you suggested above.
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:38:55


Yeah - I haven't looked at it closely either.  But I think they are confusing consensus with decision making generally.  Lots of organisational structures have decision making procedures that are clear and well determined.  
But none of them (of any serious size) do so by means of consensus - where the vast majority of stakeholders end up agreeing with the determined outcome.
@_date: 2017-03-18 13:28:19
I've been wondering when I'd first notice a post like this on although I'm not around much these days - so maybe they are more common.
By - "post like this" - I refer to the fact that it attempts to provide a concrete methodology for achieving consensus.  
You would think that in a community of people interested in the concept of de-centralised organisation, it would be recognised that such discussions should in fact be pre-eminent; that the technical discussions currently being debated are a waste of energy unless we have good reason to believe that consensus is achievable and probable.  And that "good reason" should come from an established methodology that is known to increase the probability of consensus.
And here's the somewhat frightening fact.  We don't have such a methodology - nor do we know much about how to discover one.  And yet - many of us were willing to throw billions of dollars on top of a system dependent on emergent consensus - **without any rational reason to suppose that such consensus could ever be maintained short of centralisation of control**.
I'm starting to think that we're going to have to build systems that underwrite a provable tendency toward decentralised consensus making before we will be able to successfully build a genuinely decentralised bitcoin.  Most online platforms like reddit - facebook are actually going in the opposite direction - and implementing systems that provably tend toward factionalism.
@_date: 2016-06-19 15:17:27
Well - I've clearly reached some kind of probabalistic limit for random reddit browsing...
I want that minute back
@_date: 2016-06-18 17:26:32
This is uncertain at best in some contexts - consider Australia. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 11:03:46
@_date: 2017-01-10 00:49:34
Cut and paste?
@_date: 2019-08-05 12:11:28
Totally forgot about it until I got the bot reminder...  Only then did I see the buttcoiner had deleted his account.  It was just too perfect...
@_date: 2015-07-29 03:19:41
Have you ever imagined that someone might believe in something and yet want to explore all the arguments for the opposing side?  Can you imagine how such a critical disposition might make you better at defending that which you believe in?
I can assure you that I am a believer in Bitcoin and its ideal.  I believe it enough to challenge it vigorously.  Do you?
@_date: 2015-07-03 02:37:44
Because an asset on one banks database has to also be recorded as a liability on the database of another bank.  So you have the same information duplicated across multiple databases - systems have to be written to connect all these databases via apis at great cost - leading to the potential of error in recording keeping between databases.
@_date: 2015-07-09 02:41:22
What's the point of your comment though?  I don't have blind optimism.  Maybe he produces something, maybe he doesn't.  But it's still good to hear news that an experienced dev has secured the means to work full-time on a project most of us would want to use.  This is still a positive development that is worth knowing about.  
@_date: 2015-07-03 04:28:26
Just before I respond to this question - I might just emphasise that I don't pretend to entirely understand these proposals.  That's part of why I wanted a discussion.
As I understand it no participant, or administrator, would have the power to insert a transaction to reverse a previous transaction.  By definition - that's the same as a deletion and would be disallowed at the protocol level.
Maybe you're right about the stuff you say in your edit - but I guess I'd rather read all these articles and research reports being produced myself before coming to that conclusion.  To me they don't read like shallow buzzwordy documents.  But I'm certainly no expert.
@_date: 2015-07-28 16:10:50
We weren't even disagreeing.  Lol...  I was trying to give you an opportunity to provide an argument  for your point of view - which I don't necessarily disagree with - I just want to understand more about it.  That's what discussions are about.  You don't want to?  Fine mate - no skin off my nose.  I'll look elsewhere.  :)
btw - not at all afraid of doing the work.  After you gave me your reference to other database tech I very quickly found an article that provides a nice retort to your claim... I didn't bother sharing it with you - because what's the point, you're not interested.
@_date: 2015-07-03 02:41:33
Cutting and pasting my comment reply to bitpoop below - because the answer is the same:
Because an asset on one banks database has to also be recorded as a liability on the database of another bank. So you have the same information duplicated across multiple databases - systems have to be written to connect all these databases via apis at great cost - leading to the potential of error in recording keeping between databases.  A permissioned block-chain solves this problem.
edit: 
Also - because transactions are irreversible... it makes settlement far more efficient than current settlement processes
edit 2
To get an idea of how difficult settlement is... have a look at this report:
Particularly the recommendations they give for improving settlement processes - they give an idea of how complex it is.
THE TWENTY RECOMMENDATIONS
CREATING A STRENGTHENED,
INTEROPERABLE GLOBAL NETWORK
1. Eliminate paper and automate communication,
data capture, and enrichment.
2. Harmonize messaging standards and communication
3. Develop and implement reference data standards.
4. Synchronize timing between different clearing
and settlement systems and associated payment
and foreign-exchange systems.
5. Automate and standardize institutional trade
6. Expand the use of central counterparties.
7. Permit securities lending and borrowing to
expedite settlement.
8. Automate and standardize asset servicing processes,
including corporate actions, tax relief arrangements,
and restrictions on foreign ownership.
MITIGATING RISK
9. Ensure the financial integrity of providers of
clearing and settlement services.
10. Reinforce the risk management practices of
users of clearing and settlement service
11. Ensure final, simultaneous transfer and availability
of assets.
12. Ensure effective business continuity and
disaster recovery planning.
13. Address the possibility of failure of a systemically
important institution.
14. Strengthen assessment of the enforceability of
15. Advance legal certainty over rights to securities,
cash, or collateral.
16. Recognize and support improved valuation and
closeout netting arrangements.
IMPROVING GOVERNANCE
17. Ensure appointment of appropriately experienced
and senior board members.
18. Promote fair access to securities clearing and
settlement networks.
19. Ensure equitable and effective attention to
stakeholder interests.
20. Encourage consistent regulation and oversight
of securities clearing and settlement service
@_date: 2015-07-03 02:35:23
Yeah - so from their point of view the important thing is that participants can't reverse transactions.  They believe that permissionless systems like bitcoin are always at risk of this - and only prevent it at great cost - mining.
The trade off is that permissioned block-chains are more vulnerable to censorship - but for the banks who see this  risk to be mitigated by their known identity in the network as well as the fact they are regulated by existing systems of law/punishment and whatever.
So that's the key trade-off.  Obviously we bitcoiners hate the idea of censorship and trusting the banks.  But if you're a bank - you probably think you're totally trustworthy.  So this explains why they would be attracted to permissioned block-chains.
You might be right about banks being able to transfer without permission of owners - but I'm not sure.  Customers - who have been identified legally could be participants on the network as well and thus would have to authorise transfer of one of their assets.  But I don't understand this point very well... advocates of this system are going to want governments to be able to seize assets.  So I personally don't understand how this system could allow it without the potential to move assets without owner permission being built into the protocol.  But again - banks are fine with this anyway - they believe they are trustworthy enough under regulation of law.
@_date: 2015-07-28 16:26:25
I appreciated the reference to the wiki article... but that's hardly an argument for why that tech is better than permissioned blockchains for use in banks.
Look - I really don't want to argue with you.  I never accused you personally of anything.  You said further discussion wasn't worth the effort - which I could have taken personally - but I don't care enough to.  My 'uh huh' was simply a reflection of your lack of belief that discussion with me is worth said effort.  The feeling is now mutual.  So this will be my last reply.  :)
@_date: 2015-07-29 02:18:20
Well we are clearly on the same side.  I share your passion in all these respects.  I've got nothing against you promoting these positive aspects - and glad you are.
But having said that - you did make a substantive claim that needs to be evaluated:


... i.e. that the open way is better.  Certainly I agree from a moral point of view, and I believe it will lead to a better society for all if it wins.  But does it have technical weaknesses that competitors like permissioned blockchains will exploit?  In order to protect the vision of Bitcoin that's the discussion we need to have - and it's just disheartening to see so many in this sub resistant to it.  Just look at the vast majority of responses I've been getting.
I'll keep fighting this culture though - because I love bitcoin enough to.  Keep up the good fight mate.
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:22:51


Look mate - I hate banks as much as you do.  Really I do.  But I really resent your implication that just because I want to have a critical discussion about the competitive advantages/disadvantages of an alternative tech that this somehow makes me OK with every crime committed by the banks.  I mean holy crap - I rest my case about the difficulty of having critical discussions here.
I want to explore and understand this tech - not because I don't want permissionless ledgers to win - I DO - but because I want to understand the threats that bitcoin faces...  If these technologies do have a competitive advantage in some respect - your moralising AINT GOING TO NEUTRALISE IT.  What will help neutralise it is a solid technical understanding of these competitors.
I'm sorry - I genuinely have no desire to make you feel bad, but I truly believe you're doing nothing but making it more difficult to have the discussions that will help us gain this understanding.  You turn critical discussion into a tribal signalling act.  Folks like me have to worry that when we raise these questions, folks like you will say shit like:  "OH SO YOU"RE OKAY WITH THE EVIL BANKS!" - which is not the case at all.  Go back and read my post... did I at any point signal that I like banks?  Was this in my text at all?  No - so why are you assuming it?
@_date: 2015-07-29 11:53:53
The money quote that demonstrates the claim that it is indeed all about settlement finality (p5):


Now - to specifically address your question:  Does the legislation mandate any specific technology (let alone an experimental one) to implement its aims?  Of course not... the implications of this sort of legal framework are only ever going to be functional in nature.  And it is no small task to even just tease out what these functional implications even are!  It's complex legislation.
However, we are lucky that in fact the EU went ahead and spec'd out the functionality and built a system based upon it.  Isn't government wonderful!  It's called Target2-Securities.  After near to a decade of development, costing 1.15 billion dollars - it launched just last month.  And no - it's not using one of those distributed databases folks have mentioned - most of those weren't even released when this project was initiated...  It's just a giant centralised system sitting on top of an IBM DB2.  They didn't realistically have any of these funky new distributed systems to choose from.
The upshot of this is that we already HAVE the implied functional specifications derived from the legislation.  Here they are:
I may as well post the technical specs of the final product as well for reference:
Now - with all of this background out of the way I can finally come to my point.  Have you - or has anyone else in this sub - read these functional specifications and compared them to the functional abilities of the various competing blockchain techs, distributed DBMS - or even more traditional DBMS?  Of course you haven't.  I know that none of you have because not one of you in this sub has ever bothered to even raise the issue of the requirement of settlement finality as enshrined in law, from which these functional specifications are derived.  So again - allow me to reiterate my steadfast rejection of your contention that everything on this sub has been discussed to death.  You folks haven't even scratched the surface.  
And yet - everyone here, including yourself remains confident that Swanson is wrong and that their various preferred tech solutions are the ones that can do the job the best.  This is astonishing hubris given the speculative and unproven nature of blockchain technology generally... 
Even once we get beyond the question of raw functionality, then there is the issue of cost.  Has anyone on this sub ever bothered to try to do a cost comparison with an existing system that does try to provide settlement finality?  Gee golly - why do I keep asking that question?  The answer is no of course.
So let's look at the cost of of T2S.  Ultimately the transaction finality demanded by the legislation is guaranteed by a central administration at enormous expense.  Official estimates are that they won't recoup that cost until 2024 - charging 0.15 cents a transaction.  But no one with a brain should believe that.  They have no idea what the volumes will be.  Source:
Many believe it won't recoup costs at all.  So much for efficiency!  I predict that at best it will just amount to a transference of costs from the private sector - who get to use the more efficient system - to the government who has to wear the costs to run it.  But ultimately no one knows how much it will cost overall, or whether it will recoup costs before it is totally superseded.
Can either Bitcoin or Permissioned Ledgers do better?  Well - that in part depends on how well they can match the required functional specs and at what cost.  No one really knows what a bitcoin transaction will cost in the future - but even if that is determined in the affirmative, one still must have an understanding of whether it can match the required functional specs.  And knowledge of how that will play out requires a detailed and intimate understanding of those specifications.  No one on this sub has demonstrated any such understanding.  And I'll just repeat here that I'm not trying to claim that I know these specs any better - my point is that the hubris of many folks on this sub blocks folks like me from even stimulating the discussion that would help us develop a better understanding.
The other really important point is that there are folks who I bet DO understand these functional specs and are also starting to invest large amounts looking at whether blockchain techs can fulfill them.  That's right:  BANKERS....  They have teams of dudes who are paid to nail every detail of docs like these.  And on the basis of that understanding - what conclusion are they coming to in the Bitcoin vs Permissioned Ledgers debate?  
Well - it's still early days, and it's still possible they might go either way.  But most accounts suggest they are leaning toward permissioned ledgers as their preferred option.  Yes - there are exceptions like NASDAQ (not a bank tho) and that Barclays link you provided.  But particularly in the latter case - you've got no reason to suppose that the person quoted isn't just himself bullshitting to protect his own self-interest, given that he's a bitcoin guy.  You're just believing here what you want to believe.
In general - the relevant argument here is that given that the professional class that best understands the legally mandated functional requirements is leaning vocally toward permissioned systems - then surely this is a warning sign that needs to wake the fuck up.  The fact is that no one here contributing to this sub has demonstrated the requisite understanding required to justify the unbelievable smugness and superiority that the majority here possess.  We need to develop our own understanding of these sorts of issues if we're to be certain that our biggest threat is not about to blind-side us.  Tim Swanson has provided us with a valuable service insofar as he has alerted us to some of these issues - and that remains the case irrespective of whether his own agenda is anti-bitcoin or not.  It would be a massive failure of our community if we didn't take advantage of this forewarning.
As I have said repeatedly, I'm not claiming any greater understanding of those functional requirements than I presume the rest of you to have... but my point is - surely it serves us to give up this over-confidence and do the work at improving our understanding?  All I'm asking for is that we come together as a community and help each other in this project - without shutting down the attempt at the very outset.  You really can't see some value in this proposal?  I think you're a smart guy/woman...  certainly possessed of enough faculty to be able to feel my point here.  I have to believe in your potential in this regard or go nuts.  It would be mad for me to write all this without that belief and hope.
You say:
 &gt;Sometimes when you don't understand an issue, the reasons why you're wrong aren't readily apparent. So the fact that r/Bitcoin appears to be "not engaging adequately" or circlejerking isn't necessarily an indication that everyone else is wrong. It may simply be an indication that you need to educate yourself.
What further lengths than this post would I have to go, to prove to you that I've done my diligence; prove that I  understand intimately the need to EDUCATE MYSELF?  It's ironic in the extreme that you would lecture me to do so when that's all I've been advocating this whole time.  The only real difference between you and I is that I claim that the understanding of smart people like yourself would benefit if you joined me in the task.  I know I would certainly value your contributions highly.  It's obvious you are an authority here - and I just checked your profile, you're a moderator of a blockchain related sub... - so yeah... Obviously I'm going to want someone like you on my side. It just saddens me that neither you nor anyone else here seems to see the value in this sort of discussion.  
This post is the most I can do to convince at least one mind of it.  All my life experience tells me that it was most likely a futile endeavour.  But one has to try and live in hope.  :)  Even if this likely outcome is in fact the case - if you made it to the end, I thank you at least for your time.  :)
@_date: 2015-07-29 11:52:46
Well thank you - in spite of your tone, this is nonetheless the best response I've had by a long margin.  And since the responses hitherto have been so penurious, and since yours represents the only ray of hope I've yet encountered - I'm afraid it's you who will cop the full force of my conviction in the hope I might convince just ONE mind here.  I'll apologise in advance for its length.  I don't expect you to make it to the end - but at least I can say I gave it a shot.  Okay?
Let's get the negative out of the way first:


You must discourse regularly with really aggressive people if you can't appreciate attempted humility in discussion - and worse, use that humility to claim status and cite it as a reason why I'm not worth engaging with.  It genuinely saddens me to think that this kind of response represents the reality of discourse you face in your daily life. It must be awful.
My retort.  If I admit that I don't understand the entirety of their argument it doesn't mean that I can't recognise or point out a substantive claim that they've made that I can see hasn't been sufficiently understood by others - nor does it mean that you are absolved of any responsibility to demonstrate such understanding if you want to be able to claim "good faith" in this conversation.  Having said that - you do go on to say some pretty intelligent stuff even though you just implied you shouldn't have to.  So - let's just call it even on this point - I'm happy.  :)  I'll count myself lucky I got this much of a response... I tell you, it feels like blood from a stone from this sub sometimes.
With the negative out of the way - let's get to the fun stuff...


Does a centralized blockchain really get rid of the delete feature? Seems to me that the "witness" could not only obstruct "settlement finality" indefinitely; they could also alter any past transactions and start "mining" on the altered chain. Any nodes not in agreement with the witness would be in an invalid state. Can you think of any possible advantages a centralized blockchain has over an ordinary database given these concerns?
Beautiful questions... WONDERFUL questions.  And I'm being completely sincere.  You don't seem to get that I'm not soliciting this discussion because I believe permissioned blockchains are better (I don't know either way - I'm trying to learn!) - but because precisely I've never seen (most of) these questions asked by people in this sub.  And I've been in this sub a long time.  I read it everyday and I've searched the crap out of it for answers to no avail.  So, I conclude that they need to be asked and I try to ask them - but lo, everyone tells me they've already been asked and that I'm wasting their time.  But this is just FALSE - they haven't been asked at all.
Let me explain - in tedious detail I'm afraid- why your belief that this sub (or yourself) already have their heads around all these questions is completely unjustified.
Generally the level of discussion never rises beyond: "You don't need POW"  "Yes you do"... etc... or, "traditional DBMS can't do X", "Yes they can!", with very little by way of actual argumentation.  It's Pythonesque (and I don't mean the language).  I'm not going to cite threads - a quick search and browse makes it immediately apparent that this is indeed the quality of the bulk of the conversation.  But let's not judge the sub on the basis of its worst contributors - let us instead choose their best and use that as our sample.  That way I can't be accused of being ungenerous.
Probably the most sophisticated defense of permissioned blockchains I've seen on this sub is:
And it's a worthy defense.  But even doesn't seem aware of the importance of transaction finality - since he/she assumes such systems will have an administrator key that allows transactions to be reversed. In 's vision this is not in the spec as I understand it - transaction finality is paramount.  And this brings us back to the reasons someone like Swanson would have for attaching this importance to transaction finality while suggesting a permissioned blockchain as a way to safeguard this importance.  You are absolutely right to ask after these reasons - that's exactly what I'm doing as well!  But here's my point - I challenge you to point out where on this sub you or anyone else has asked this question.  Because I have googled the crap out of it.  This discussion doesn't exist.  No one has picked up on this issue of transaction finality - and it's a core component of Swanson's argument.  
So forgive me for being frustrated that I have to go to such lengths to prove that such questions are worth asking - let alone even getting to the discussion itself - when you really have nothing with which to justify your certainty in this respect.  (Even if you can find an example - it's undeniable that the vast majority of this sub has not even the slightest inkling of the importance of this concept to Swanson's view - so surely it would benefit from it being given prominence).
I'm going to harp on this point by going deeper into the meat of one of your questions.  I'll explore it in depth in the hope it further illustrates the value of exploring these questions.  That I'll only address one of your questions is not to say I think your others aren't very good questions - they are.  I just can't do them all in one go.  And ultimately - I don't have the answers to them anyway.  I'm just trying to  convince you that you don't either - and that's why a critical discussion of them is valuable.
The question of yours I'll respond to is:


Before I do - I wonder if you do in fact appreciate the importance of legislation such as this to the Bitcoin vs the rest debate.  I'm sorry but I really doubt you do. It is implausible to me that you or the rest of this sub would understand its importance when there is no evidence of it ever being discussed here.  So I want to take a moment to make sure you do.  
Since you believe Bitcoin, or other more traditional databases, represent the superior tech - perhaps you might be able to explain how they best meet the aims and intentions of the legislation?  But you'd have to read the legislation to know this.  I'm totally sure you have right?  Otherwise you wouldn't be claiming with such confidence that you know which technologies are superior.  They are - after all - only superior insofar as they allow institutions to meet their legal obligations more efficiently than competitor technologies.  If they don't enable institutions to meet their legal obligations - these technologies will be considered non-starters and ignored.  However, it would appear to me that you aren't aware of this legislation since you're asking me to cite the relevant bits.  And if I'm right in this respect - how can you be so confident in your beliefs about which tech is superior if you don't understand/know the legislation to which it must be compliant?
The legislation does in fact demand settlement finality (It is call the "settlement finality directive" after all) and has an extremely complex set of definitions and concepts that detail just exactly what this means.  It's complex enough for it to be impossible for me to go over it in this post exhaustively.  But we don't need to in this discussion at least for reasons that will be apparent in a moment.  The introduction to the implementation evaluation report gives a nice summary of the goals and justifications of the directive; pages 4 and 5:
Comment continued in threaded reply below:
@_date: 2015-07-29 02:09:16


I've just replied to your other comment.  And I'll just add that this 'gist' you've given just proves that you don't at all understand the arguments in play.  The discussion is clearly more sophisticated than your 'gist'.  The dialectic that I just wrote up in my other response to you is already well beyond this - and even that only scratches the surface of the issues.  
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:22:43
I didn't see your edit before I replied - thanks for updating your response.


But you're just disagreeing - you're not providing me with an argument for these claims.  Look, I don't entirely understand their argument either.  For instance - part of what they are claiming is that the banks rely on their reputation as known actors (as well as threat of goverment sanction etc) to keep them honest - so we don't need to worry about trust.  But then - I don't see why they need to care so much about irreversability of transactions if they are relying on trust.
But having said that - settlement finality is apparently an important feature enshrined in LAW aimed at the reduction of systemic risk in financial institutions - so the removal of the delete feature is not about efficiency, but about enshrining in code the requirements of this law.  This is not something I understand well (i.e. the reasons for this law - but you can read about it here):
So - again - I'm not claiming to understand this stuff well.  But this to me is just more evidence that isn't adequately engaging with these arguments.  There is clearly a lot here we don't understand.
@_date: 2015-07-03 03:33:49
Lol - look at all those downvotes...
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:37:46
Well you've given me a starting point at least.  I appreciate it.
I'll give you an upvote if you can provide a reference to some research showing why these technologies are better suited to banking use cases than permissioned blockchains.
I'll buy you gold if you give your own ELI5 account of why you personally think they are better.  That would be a genuine contribution to the discussion.
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:35:04
No - I really think you're missing the point of why they care about transaction finality over censorship resistance.   They care about transaction finality (and hence the removal of the "DELETE" ability) - because it is a requirement by LAW.
From: 


Now I don't understand the reasons for this law particularly well beyond this blurb.  But it's pretty clear that they aren't interested in permissioned blockchains because they are necessarily more efficient than other distributed databases - but because they can be used to enshrine in code the requirement of transaction finality that currently exists in law.
So here are some real questions I want answered:  is this an accurate representation of the potentials of permissioned block-chains?  Can other distributed databases provide the same sort of guarantee of transaction finality between financial institutions?  Tim Swanson claims that transaction finality in Bitcoin is not similarly guaranteed - is this claim true or FUD?  If it is true - will this serve as a major deterrent to bank uptake of the Bitcoin blockchain?
@_date: 2015-07-28 15:46:14
Yeah - so I think one of the arguments here is that this process of ensuring finality is not 100% guaranteed for that reason, secondly is more vastly expensive than a permissioned ledger which doesn't require mining.
So the picture (whether accurate or not) seems to be that permissioned ledgers have a sweet spot insofar as they cheaper than bitcoin, but guarantee transaction finality - even though they might not be as efficient as other distributed databases.
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:33:02


See my post:


I don't need to be agreed with.  I'm personally not even arguing for them.  I just said that I don't understand if the stated arguments for them are good or not.  What I do know is that I'm yet to see a single person on this sub even address them.  What people on this sub will do is say something like:


Which tells me you haven't read my post - nor any of the arguments put forward by proponents of permissioned ledgers; because they directly respond to this claim - and I gave a direct summary of this response.  As I said - I don't know if this response is good or not - because some of the technical aspects are beyond me.  But the folks on this sub, including you - haven't even gotten that far.
I know I sound like a superior jerk - but c'mon - folks gotta do better than this if they want avoid Bitcoin being blindsided by a competitive tech that they never even attempted to understand.
@_date: 2015-07-02 03:57:27
@_date: 2015-07-03 23:33:50
This is fantastic news for the whole bitcoin community - and I've been on the edge of my seat for months waiting to hear it.  Stories like this to me are key to Bitcoin's success in the near term.  Thanks so much for your hard work - as well as you time you take engaging with the reddit bitcoin community.  :)
@_date: 2015-07-29 02:05:51
I've been around for a long time mate.  I challenge you  to link me to the discussion that pushes the discussion beyond what I summarise below for you.  Nor do the current answers in this current thread come close to adequate.
I'll re-iterate the current state of the dialectic:
permissioned blockchains are pointless because you have to trust a central authority.
Retort:  Not pointless.  They still eliminate duplicate database across institutions at lower cost than Bitcoin because they don't require mining.  Secondly, they don't require an entirely trustless network because they are known, regulated actors.  Thirdly, none of them have complete control over the network because they can't issue "delete" commands.
If you want to eliminate duplicated databases there are more efficient distributed database solutions than blockchains.  The inability to issue a "delete" command further compounds this inefficiency.
Retort:  Hold up.  Stop moving the goal posts - first your chief concern was worrying about a central authority controlling everything.  But when we point out that permissioned ledgers prevent delete commands in order to constrain centralised control you start to care only about efficiency.  The point is that permissioned blockchains sacrifice SOME efficiency in exchange for settlement finality that cannot be manipulated by a centralised control point - with settlement finality being a requirement enshrined in LAW.  But overall they remain vastly more efficient than Bitcoin with its mining requirements.
And this is where we are up to.  No one has bothered to even acknowledge that a response is needed here.  And I've had to fight tooth and nail just to get the discussion beyond the first line of this summary.  Rather than just diving into the discussion... there is militant posturing from folks like yourself claiming that this has all been discussed before - which is utter bolix, or that I'm a big bank lover for even wanting the discussion.
I mean - even if either of these were true - it doesn't explain why folks like yourself are so resistant to a discussion which in the end STRENGTHENS the community and makes us stronger.  This is an insular, jingoistic culture that is hurting bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-03 02:07:17
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:53:54


Uh huh...  
@_date: 2015-07-28 13:26:05
I wish we could have a critical discussion on this sub about this topic.  I submitted a post on this a while back and it was down voted to oblivion.
I agree entirely with AA about the value of permissionless ledgers.  But this doesn't at all address the arguments that proponents for permissioned ledgers put forward.  It's entirely possible that you could recognise the value of permissionless ledgers - their revolutionary import even... and still nevertheless believe that permissioned ledgers could have greater value in certain specific use cases.
Furthermore, proponents of permissioned ledgers have responses to the claim that permissioned ledgers are just as bad as the current trust based system (see my link above).  Do I think these responses are good?  To be honest, I really don't know.  I don't entirely understand them.  It would be great if we could approach them with a greater receptiveness and critical faculty in order to increase our collective understanding... but that just seems impossible on this sub these days.
I'm a HUGE bitcoin fan - but quite frankly - the circle jerking on this sub is reaching a level that is becoming really frustrating for someone who relies on this community to improve my understanding of Bitcoin and its prospects.
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:10:50


But surely it is at least one of the problems it solves - and it's a pretty big problem?


I'd be keen to know what they are.  I mean - that's exactly the sort of shit I wanna learn about - but you left it out!  You didn't even reference a name of a tech I could google.  I appreciate the reply... but c'mon... critical discussion does require some effort y'know. 
(Note that if one of the reasons you think blockchains are inefficient in this respect is because of mining - permissioned ledgers apparently don't have that problem because they don't rely on mining.)
@_date: 2015-07-05 03:00:46
I'm going to put in some energy at voat.  Competition is good.  But I'll be keeping a presence here as well - at least while we get a sense of whether or not the hordes are truly leaving en-masse.
@_date: 2018-02-27 10:30:28
They provide a price discovery service to GPU makers who can then proceed to up prices and destroy their margin.  The money the re-sellers make in the interim is the reward for their price discovery service.
@_date: 2017-09-07 06:02:44
Can we try to improve the level of discourse please?  It's not that you call him an idiot that bothers me - it's that you do so without even considering the strength/weaknesses of his arguments.
@_date: 2015-04-10 02:53:06
Experienced women know what's what...
@_date: 2015-09-13 05:50:02
What are you on about?  
The fractional reserve system isn't relevant here.  Even if a bank kept EVERY single deposited dollar in a vault somewhere and never engaged in lending - you still have to manage the delivery, storage, and handling of that cash to and from the branches.
Unless you expect everyone to travel to Fort Knox to do their withdrawals?
Seriously dude... there is a planet out there called Earth.  Find it.
@_date: 2015-09-11 02:06:49
Is anyone else concerned about their business process requiring people to have to meet other people physically to buy the bitcoins?  Unless it gets to the point where just about every local merchant allows you to buy them at their store - I can't see people going out of their way to use a service like this.  It feels like a massive step backward technologically - that you have to physically present to acquire your chosen medium of exchange.
I understand it's mostly a regulatory thing making this a necessity - but I just don't see how apps like this can succeed given this limitation.
@_date: 2015-09-13 06:20:01
So you'd be cool with the possibility of a single robbery setting back your business to the tune of tens of millions of dollars or more?
@_date: 2015-09-13 06:43:31
uh huh... 
@_date: 2015-09-13 04:13:03
This article is a ridiculous headline in search of a fact.  It wants you to believe there are these "secret" rules that bank managers use to determine if you are allowed to have your cash.  It's utter bullshit.
I worked in a bank... and can tell you there is nothing clandestine going on here at all.
Bank managers are given this discretion to limit cash withdrawals simply because they are the ones who best understand what cash demands are likely to be placed on the bank over the course of a day.  Obviously some managers are going to manage this better than others - but sometimes it's just impossible to predict what demand will be.  So sometimes, you just aren't able to give out as much as people want.
Ordering more cash for you branch takes time - it's not like ordering pizza.  So you have to plan ahead and hopefully get it right, while minimising risk by storing more cash than you need in the branch.  
Banks will always try to store as little cash as possible for obvious reasons.  But no bank intentionally stores less cash than it needs as determined by customer demand.  It's just hard to estimate what that will be.
Also the article seems miffed that a bank won't disclose why it can't issue the cash in a given circumstance.  Maybe one of your important local business customers needed some emergency cash and that drained your supply for the day.  In such situations obviously the manager is going to want to satisfy such an important customer - while recognising this comes at the expense of service to other customers.  But you can't disclose these business decisions - it's stupid to expect as much and privacy legislation by itself prevents it anyway.
So - this article is really just sensationalist bullshit caused by some angry old crank that can't understand that there is other shit going on in the world beyond just his need for his 2000 bucks.  This is shit that 4 year olds can figure out most of the time.  Not sure why this dude couldn't.
@_date: 2015-09-13 07:16:10
Lol - you're just wrong mate.  In the context described by the article.. it is.  Nothing more to say here.
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:21:58
Woosh status games.
Coming soon:
"The Wooshening" - a movie about dorks.
@_date: 2015-09-13 06:50:23
No one is denying that banks wouldn't be able to meet all their obligations if everyone withdrew at the same time.   
The issue is what is causing banks to limit withdrawals in these individual cases like described in the article.  And in these cases it has nothing to do with the FR system.  The bank has plenty of cash left overall - it just hasn't got enough at the branch at the time - for very good, commonsense reasons.
I'm not saying the FR system doesn't have issues.  Greece recently reminded everyone of that.  It's just not relevant here... and trying to make this innocent thing all about the big grand system of FR woe - makes look full of obsessed nutters.  Just stop.
@_date: 2015-09-13 10:07:20
My suggestion is that you setup your own bank where you promise to be able to hand over all cash amounts upon request at any time.
I'm sure your service will do extremely well in the "total nutcase" segment of the population.  I have no doubt also that being nutcases they'll be happy to pay the insanely high fees you'll need to charge to cover the exorbitant insurance premiums your service will require.
@_date: 2015-09-19 04:09:22
Can someone explain a bit more about this?  Why would a crypto related news site be at risk of government subpoena?  I could understand the necessity for an encrypted email service or something like that.
How useful is a canary?  What's to stop the gov from pointing a gun at someone and ordering them to update it?
@_date: 2015-09-11 04:38:02
Well I guess it's partly a question of scale.  ATMS are ubiquitous, and the currency they output can be used everywhere.  An abra teller is likely to be some distance away (for a long time in the beginning) and the currency they sell can only be used in a very limited number of scenarios.  People are using cash less and less anyway - instead they are just tapping their cards - so they don't need to go to an ATM.
Hopefully it's different in other countries - as you say.  I don't claim to understand those markets.
@_date: 2015-09-13 05:29:19
I'd say it's almost mandatory to give advance notice.  For such large amounts they'll put in a special order for the cash.
I do remember circumstances where we had people come in for large amounts without notice and sometimes my manager would okay it - sometimes she wouldn't.  
It all depended on circumstances - including, and I'm being completely frank here - whether or not we as a collective could be arsed to do it.  Getting such a large amount means going to the vault, which has a time delay, which means two people have to come off the counter to wait around together - (you need two people to wait just in case the time lock releases while the other isn't there - allowing them to quickly sneak in and steal something)... then it has to be counted twice - once at the vault, and the vault withdrawal recorded, and then in front of the customer.... blah blah...
On a busy day with a line out the door and it's now the third/fourth fuckwit for the day that has come in righteously demanding HIS MONEY HOW DARE YOU DENY ME MY MONEY...  the bank manager is pretty much the only protection that dude has from the entire branch staff telling him to go fuck himself.
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:31:03
I'm sorry - but as much as I might agree with you, this is the sort of mindless repetition of talking points that I would expect to see on Fox.  
People are voting this up, but how does this response do anything to answer any of the challenges made by OP?
@_date: 2015-03-01 14:28:52
So what?  Play the ball, not the man... Answer OPs points... 
@_date: 2015-03-18 08:08:36
I'd be curious about seeing these euphoric posts about praising people taking out college loans to buy bitcoin.  
What I remember was thread after thread of people advising that you should never invest more than you could afford to lose.
@_date: 2015-03-12 05:21:54
What you have to demonstrate is that the utility of destroying a bitcoin outweighs the cost of so doing.  I don't think you can do this.
Say bitcoins are worth 100 a pop and I own ten of them.  Total value 1000 bucks.
If I destroy one bitcoin then in order to break even, the price of Bitcoin would have to rise by a factor of 1.1111 - to 111.11.
Let's assume that enough Bitcoin is destroyed.  Regardless, you don't want every Bitcoin destroyed... so some people will have to abstain from destroying any.  The utility for the abstainers is much higher than those who participate since they get the price increase on their total holdings.
I can't be bothered working through the math... but it looks grim for the destroyer.  He has a positive probability of losing money, whereas the abstainer has zero probability of losing money and a positive probability of winning more than the destroyer because of his greater principal.  Since the probability of at least one other person destroying their coins is the same for both the abstainer and the destroyer, the rational decision must be to abstain.
@_date: 2015-02-22 05:49:16
Ease of cashing out depends on your country and the service you use in that country.  Ease of buying supplies with it depends on the supplies you need etc... 
If you give a bit more info about where you are and what you need to buy with it - would make it easier to help.
@_date: 2017-07-23 03:41:20
Okay - well I want in on that.  How do I go about transferring BCC to an exchange and sell?  How do I ensure I'm not transferring my BTC?
@_date: 2015-02-22 05:46:10
Don't be a douchebag...
edit - so what if it's an advertisement.  Like we have so much bitcoin acceptance that we don't need to hear about new places to spend it?
@_date: 2016-07-31 11:28:12
It's cause it's at the tip of a triangle formation.  Volume gets lower and lower while traders wait to see which way it is going to break.  Then when it breaks one way or the other they all pile in because of the self-fulfilling prophecy that this means the new trend is in that direction...
@_date: 2015-02-20 12:53:38
Can someone clarify the "inherently deflationary" objection concerning Bitcoin?  Cause it really shits me.  Here are my objections... and I wanna make sure they are solid before I go comment mad across the internet about it.
1) "Inherent" is the key word - because as I understand it, if the miners agree to a hard fork then they could implement inflation if they so chose it.  So there is nothing "inherently" inflationary about Bitcoin at all.  It's just what the current community has agreed upon because it serves as an incentive for early adopters.
2) The real difference between Bitcoin and a fed created currency is that in order to create inflation you have to convince a whole community, as opposed to greasing a small number of central bankers.  That's not impossible.  A hard fork is actually currently under serious consideration... so it's not inconceivable that the community might decide sometime in the future that inflation is a necessity.
3) Just because Bitcoin is deflationary doesn't mean that a world which uses bitcoin has to accept deflation.  Bitcoin can fulfill all sorts of roles (like remittance) without any country pegging their own currencies to bitcoin (which is what they'd need to do to suffer any of the deflationary effects of Bitcoin).  Why on earth would they do that anyway?
So I'm soooooo sick of economists, who think the world revolves around their petty little turf wars over inflation/deflation, using Bitcoin as a means to swing their dicks.  As I see it - they can't frame their understanding of bitcoin outside that turf war, which ultimately has little relevance to Bitcoin's usefulness.  
@_date: 2015-02-03 10:39:21
Yeah - did they have to use a fappening screenshot?  Facepalm...
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:47:07
Governments wouldn't want a decentralised currency - since they can't control that (I would assume?).  The cnbc talking heads though would be all over a centralised currency since the idea of a decentralised one is completely insane to them.  The idea of the people coming together and deciding what has value makes no sense to them.  But a government backed e-currency?  They would see that as the proper mainstreaming of e-currencies and would shout it to the world - even if it had none of the virtues of bitcoin (e.g. the lack of a need for a middle man)
Hashing power of the network would be irrelevant when it's a question of which app joe blows installs on his smartphone to buy his morning coffee.  What to pick?  Hmm... the one CNBC and everyone else cept some libertarian nuts say might wipe out my savings overnight?  Or the one with the government gold lock of approval protecting my savings?  They'll choose the latter when presented with that choice - irrespective of the fact that the government will then pinch away his savings bit by bit without him even noticing.
@_date: 2013-12-14 02:34:19
Too be honest, I'm not particularly sure why I should care.  Alex Jones is a gun toting nut.  We really do not want his affiliation.
@_date: 2013-12-09 12:28:24
They could at least get one person that knows something about it.  Isn't that their job - to inform people?
Still a long way to go...
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:42:51
Don't ever give investment advice.  Ever.  
@_date: 2013-11-20 08:06:37
I don't think you understand the lengths the US government will go to in order to protect tax revenues.  Consider FATCA:
Besides that... China likes collecting tax too.  China is not your friend.
edit: another good overview of FATCA
@_date: 2013-11-20 03:34:53
Translation for Australians... She'll be right mate!
Obviously I wouldn't have written the above post if I didn't already think this attitude is dangerously complacent.
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:30:41
people in r/bitcoin would be sceptical - but most people just go with whatever is presented in front of them.  they don't have any idea of how governments create inflation in order to tax wealth and facilitate crony government spending.  
The biggest hope is that governments will be too slow moving.  Another 2-3 years and the network effects will lock us all into bitcoin for quite some time.
@_date: 2015-02-15 10:54:02
Measuring the loss of value by the exchange rate at any particular time is pretty arbitrary.
The amount of fiat currency invested by those who lost bitcoins was likely far lower than  the reported US figure - since Bitcoin only maintained it's high for a very short period.  It seems unlikely to me that the majority of those who had lost bitcoins purchased them at the high.  
Arguably this is a more meaningful measure of the amount of value actually stolen - as opposed to a theoretical paper value that only existed as such for a very short period of time, and couldn't actually be realised anyway given the size of the market.
@_date: 2013-12-05 01:32:13
Thanks for the reply - I think that's a key point of difference between Keynsians and Austrians.  The latter are very concerned about mal-investment - not so much the former.   I would have no idea how to resolve the disagreement on this point, but I think you've addressed it as well as one could.  I think that at moderate growth, people will always seek to make more money.  Very few people got rich in the short term (any?) by leaving their savings in the bank at 3% interest.  But who knows?  Would be interested if you could point to some empirical literature.
I don't find the second part of your reply particularly compelling though.  Yes - it remains deflationary in the sense that total supply will continue to decline through lost wallets.  But you guys are claiming that a fixed or dropping supply will create a downward pressure on growth and eventually leads to depression.  Well, if that's true then - as I'm claiming - as soon as growth turns negative, bitcoin becomes inflationary in the sense that there are more of them relative to the amount of stuff out there to buy.  Pointing out that there is a rate of lost coins just means the economy will have to pull back slightly more (or faster) before the re-balancing kicks in.  Short of some mathematical model that shows the specific numbers involved will have a deleterious effect, you haven't addressed my key point at all. 
The real issue is whether centralised control of savings incentives (via a central bank presumably) are better than a natural rebalancing mechanism like bitcoin.  And let's face it - aint no one got decent empirical data on this.  
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:22:16
Well - besides the cyberwar scenario attacking wallets etc (I mean who knows right?).  The first thing that I would be wondering is whether or not bitcoin is perceived as a safe haven asset or a risk play.
Interestingly - it has all the structural features of a safe haven asset (deflationary, can't be seized etc), but is currently traded as a risk play because of its uncertain status in the global economy.  I suspect that during the next deflationary bout (collapse in stock prices - possibly caused by geo-political conflict) then speculators will pour out of bitcoin for traditional safe haven assets (bonds, gold etc) - assuming this happens in the relatively near future.
What's interesting is that this fact could serve as an important metric for bitcoin having "arrived".  If people stop treating it as a risk asset and instead see it as a safe haven play - then it must have assumed its proper role in global finance.  Why?  Because holding bitcoin will guarantee you will get richer over the long term - with virtually no risk due to deflation.  But this will only happen at the rate at which the economy grows.   If you want to make more money than this - then you'll have to invest in riskier plays like stocks etc.
@_date: 2013-12-01 04:31:22
It's kinda funny how ho-hum probably most people are feeling toward the "inevitable" crash.  Seasoned bitcoiners have been here before.
It's quite meta isn't it?  I think many of the seasoned folks will be happy to hold in the face of a collapse because of a confidence in the long term growth.  While it is probably overvalued atm - there is no fundamental reason why the price would go to zero since there has been mostly all good news lately.  So more folks will hold - and this pop will probably be less pronounced than before.
And as the legions of experienced holders grow, the more trust builds in the system (assuming no really bad news) - and volatility gets smoothed out over time.  And  that's why I'm not worried about volatility in the longer term.
edit:  Hey - someone gave me reddit gold for this comment!  Big thanks!
@_date: 2013-12-04 09:10:26
I still don't entirely understand a couple of things though.
a) In an economy where you can print money - if this forces people to invest, on what basis do you make the assumption that this is a good thing?  Could this not encourage capital mis-allocation - since if you take your time looking for a quality investment, you'll lose money.  Might having to beat deflation with your investments cause you to be more prudent and invest more wisely?  How can you empirically determine whether the lost value caused by inflation encouraged mal-investment would be less than that caused by cautious investors in a deflationary environment?
b) Assuming we get out of the mining phase of bitcoin - then it only remains deflationary while the economy is growing.  So the claim you make about the incentive to hoard only applies while there is growth in an economy.  When the economy contracts, you will be able to buy less with a single bitcoin.  But this is actually what central banks try to effect by interest rates anyway.  When an economy overheats, they try to encourage people to save and hoard by increasing interest rates.  And actually they get the timing wrong just about all the time.  With a fixed amount of currency - you get a natural balancing of incentives relative to growth.
So it seems to me - that if you want to make a case against a currency with a fixed supply - what you REALLY have to argue that central banks can pull the levers on incentives better than a free market.  Until you make that case - I don't think you've made a real argument against bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2013-11-13 01:11:08
I stopped reading after the following paragraph:
"Over the past decade, the US has a fairly low savings rate compared with the rest of the world. Americans save between 11-12% of GDP per year. If we were to apply this savings rate to Bitcoin, already knowing the future path of the Bitcoin money supply, a problem starts to emerge--were 11.5% of Bitcoins saved per year, by 2021, 95.3% of the entire supply of the currency will have been stashed away as savings rendering commerce effectively impossible. A system of credit can be built on top of the Bitcoin economy (and most likely will be built), but while this can push back the date at which savings account for too large a share of the entire economy, it can only delay the inevitable. At some point, Bitcoins saved will start to approach total Bitcoins in circulation, making commerce effectively impossible."
The reasoning here is so bad that I can't see that there isn't much point in continuing.  As the supply of bitcoins decreases due to saving, then the remaining supply is worth more relative to GDP.  So each year fewer and fewer total bitcoins go into savings.  So I don't see how the amount saved could ever reach 95.3 percent - assuming that the currency was in full use.
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:23:25
I LOVE LAMP!
@_date: 2013-12-07 23:33:06
First and foremost... I would take responsibility for my actions before I made another decision.  You fucked up your life - not bitcoin.  Until you are able to achieve this mindset you're going to continue to make horrible decisions.
Secondly - depending on how severe the consequences will be if you don't pay - I would be looking for the least risky way of getting back to your principle.  Do you have friends, etc that could help?  i.e this approach suggests closing out your trade, and then filling the gap in any way you can think that doesn't involve gambling.  Credit card, bank loan - all these sorts of things to me are preferable.
The point is that as everyone here says a thousand times per day.  Don't invest what you can't afford to lose.  And you can't afford to lose any of that 50k, or any of the 25k or so that you have left.
You won't want this advice - because it suggests a hard road ahead for you.  You want something that is going to help you gamble your way back.  You might get lucky.  But then - even if you do, continuing to fail to take responsibility for your life is going to lead you right back to shitville...
I do wish you the best though...
@_date: 2013-12-01 11:45:06
Dude - you're pretty hard on yourself.  You and about 50,000 others read about bitcoin back in the day and thought half-heartedly about doing something, but then didn't.
Ask yourself this - was there a decision procedure you could have applied back then that would have guaranteed you would have made the correct decision given the information that you had?  The clear answer is no given that it's impossible to know the future and the ultimate effort/reward ratio of your actions.
As for buying your steam code before the peak - dude... not even the most successful traders in the world can reliably predict a speculative peak in an asset.  No one can.  You are measuring yourself against a fictional metric.
I assume 20 bucks is a lot to you - fair enough - and therefore the 60-100 you would have had seems like even more.  But dude - you made 20 bucks.  That's neat!  Chillax and enjoy your indie game goodness...
@_date: 2013-04-05 08:00:26
Don't forget to factor in the 3 percent or so buying in and out of bitcoins...  :)
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:39:59
People are going to downvote this - but I think it's important to give it some visibility.
It's only a matter of time before governments attempt something like this.  What's interesting is whether or not the incentives built into bitcoin will be enough to offset whatever governments throw at it in order to get people to use their e-currency.
I do feel that people here underestimate the pressure governments could bring to bear to force people to use the currency they want.
@_date: 2013-12-05 01:40:43
Good reply - someone voted you down!  Don't know why - it is a well thought out response.
Your response to b) is honest with respect to the difficulties in coming to an empirically confirmed conclusion.  I completely agree - which is why I struggle to understand why everyone is so quick to take sides.  The a priori pontification in economics - with everyone so sure of themselves kinda drives me up the wall.
With respect to the central banks - look I really have no idea either way on this either.  The obvious counter argument to your claim about stability is that they provide this stability at the expense of price discovery - while also preventing the proper re-allocation of capital that would happen if the economy was allowed to crash.  But these arguments are old and have been done to death.
I just feel that nobody really knows and folks should off their high horses a bit and enjoy the show.  Aint nothing like this happened before.
@_date: 2013-12-11 04:43:21
I would love to see something like this get up. But I aint giving money to someone I don't know.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:18:10
More here:
@_date: 2013-12-07 04:56:05
Yeah... the reactions on both sides of the debate over the China announcement were pretty hyperbolic.  No bank in the world exchanges bitcoin.  And at this stage any country would be insane to let them.  You would be putting your financial services entirely at risk.  So the point about insulating the finance sector from bitcoin isn't news to me at all.  Very sensible thing for China to do.
More interesting is the information about the minimal amount of coverage of bitcoin in china.  It's still only nerds.  So upside potential is still massive.
Having said all that - on technicals alone this correction needed to happen - and I would be happier if it went a lot lower (400 is looking about right to me).  On the log chart the price was looking way above trend.
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:17:01
Good show!  I'll tell my Perth friends to stop by.
Perth now how heaps more places than Sydney.  :(
@_date: 2013-12-02 12:38:47
It still seems pretty whack to me that in australia the best they can offer is a trip to a bank in order to buy bitcoins.
