@_author: grymrch
@_date: 2018-08-21 15:08:10
Loooool, who hurt you bruh? I don't actually want a lambo, matter a fact, you're stupid to think that everybody here is going out and buying lambos if bitcoin gets to that point. Its just a joke.  Calm ya titty. Also im 24, and yup, until last year, I was living the careless college life, never having more than a 1000 dollars on my account at any given time, so excuuuuse me for not being financially responsible as soon as that dough came raining in. And fuck yeah I'm motivated by money, ain't no shame in it, and even if i lose every fucking penny tomorrow on bitcoins, my rent is still paid, my belly still full and i still got money coming in fool, life goes on. You win some you lose some, that's life biatch.
@_date: 2018-08-21 14:36:11
**Getting into crypto has me saving my money..kinda...**
Ok, so last year I started working full time. I told myself; "ok man, its time to start saving, you are an adult now. You make good money, you can save more than half your paycheck, do it! "
Well as any young adult with too much money. The first six months, I spend it all; thousands. I could've saved, but I spent it all. On what? I have no fucking clue.
Anyways, few months ago I had to buy uhh ...stuff, from someone who only accepts bitcoins. So naturally I had to do some research to find out what it is and how the hell do I get it. Well I'm glad I did. Because just like all these other suckers. I too, wanted a lambo. I had the income to invest and that's what I'm going to do.
I have been living as frugal as possible. I'm making spreadsheet, budgets and working more, just so I can invest all I can invest. And its pretty awesome that I get paid by the week(freelance contractor.) So I get to invest every week!
Its like a freaking game for me. I need to see those numbers go up. Not the value (hopefully that will come later), but the amount of crypto coins I have. 
Well as you all know, these last few months haven't really been the strongest months for cryptocurrency in terms of pricing. So while I'm losing money, I have actually been saving more money than I ever have, even if it drops by 40% (this is as low as i'm willing to lose) I still would've saved more money than I ever did! So and in all, I'm happy I found crypto!
