@_author: gryphraff
@_date: 2016-03-10 15:23:46
I had the same thing yesterday.
Apparently, Coinbase purchases are classified as either direct entity-to-entity (person-to-person) transfers or as payment for reloadable services.
The Chase representative told me that they no longer allow person-to-person transfers via cards, and that this was a very recent (within the last week or so) change. There wasn't anything they could do about it.
I was able to add another card issued by Elan Financial (the company that provides card services to a lot of regional banks/credit unions.) However, this transaction was initially denied as fraudulent because of the verification amounts, and the service type (reloadable) indicated on the charge.
I sent my experience to Coinbase in a help message, but have not received any replies yet.
TL;DR: Chase is no longer good for making Coinbase purchases.
@_date: 2016-03-10 16:27:12
My paranoid mouth says it's because Chase sees a legitimate threat in Bitcoin, and are doing their part to quash it before it happens. 
But I'm a stupid bird and say stupid things at times.
@_date: 2016-03-10 16:15:54
You're welcome.
If anyone is going to try and add a new card to their Coinbase account, I would highly suggest contacting your issuer first. Let them know that you're going to have two small charges (&lt;$2) put on the card by Coinbase, a "reloadable services company" for verification. Might save you from getting a call about possible fraud later on.
I was able to add my Elan-provided card, but had to tell them that the two verification charges were real, and then re-add (and verify) the card.
@_date: 2016-03-12 13:01:42
I finally received an email from Coinbase regarding my trouble ticket.
"Thank you for bringing this to our attention. I am glad that you were able to get your instant buy working.
We will continue to monitor the situation."
I'm not sure if they understood that one of the largest card issuers in the USA suddenly gave them the finger, or if they simply don't care...
@_date: 2016-03-12 12:59:40
The Amazon card does allow cash advances, but (like almost every other card in existence) has fees associated with it.
@_date: 2016-01-12 12:53:37
Who is your carrier?
Are you using some sort of intermediary, like Google Voice to provide your number, or is it a number that was ported to your phone from a landline? I tried my T-MobileUS number, and it seems to work ok.
Is there any way to contact this company?
@_date: 2016-01-26 12:09:27
I seem to remember seeing something about Gamestop not accepting gift cards for gasoline cards. 
I am still looking for that link, and will post if found.
edit: What little I can find seems to say it's a case by case basis.
@_date: 2016-02-27 13:11:27
Well, that does suck. I guess the margins are too slim in selling and reselling gift cards.
On a different note, JM Bullion now accepts bitcoin if you're looking to make some long-term investments in metals.
@_date: 2015-11-12 12:08:23
I contacted my phone carrier regarding the issue. They said that the number hadn't been assigned yet, and that they could transfer it back to me.
It took about 6 hours to provision the line, but all the 2-factor auth is gone, and the account will be gone soon as well. 
Long passwords are hard to remember, but don't need a third party to let you in...
@_date: 2015-11-11 22:01:25
Could be. I'll settle for "closing the account."
@_date: 2015-11-13 12:17:21
Coinbase cannot help in this situation. They will simply tell you to contact Authy for a phone number change request.
Even if the process fails, they will simply tell you they have no control over it.
@_date: 2015-11-11 18:07:47
Did you ever try to open a ticket with them? I tried that after I received the denial, and all I got was boilerplate.
@_date: 2015-11-11 18:24:43
I submitted a new support ticket to Authy asking if my next step was to retain a lawyer to recover this account. I immediately got a message back:
Hi, (gryphraff)
Thanks for contacting Authy support. Don't despair, sometimes we need additional verification.
We usually deny phone change requests when we see activity on the account after the phone change is requested.
If you still have access to your iOS or Android Authy app then you can instantly change your phone by following these steps:
    Open the Authy app
    Go to Settings
    Select the Account Tab
    Look for your cellphone and click on the 'change button'
You will be redirected to a new screen where you will be able to enter your new phone.
If you don't have access to the Authy app then the best you can do is make a new phone change request following this link  and not use your account while the request lasts and submit the needed information. You might want to make sure, as well, that the photo you provided was legible enough. I can assure you that if no weird actions are detected on your account you will be able to change your phone number.
Mitch Granat
Twilio / Authy Technical Support Engineer 2
Office hours: 9 AM - 6 PM Pacific
For emergency support, please directly contact help
So apparently, since I went to all the machines I'd used in hopes of finding one where I'd ticked the keep me logged in button, the auth codes requested during that time tripped their system. I assume, that is. And, I love how they continually refer to their "app," like it's so important that everyone has it installed.
As soon as I can recover this account, two factor auth goes off. Never again.
@_date: 2015-11-22 14:36:43
According to Circle's own FAQ, some credit card issuers may charge you cash advance fees for a transaction to Circle, but also states transfers from debit cards are generally free.
@_date: 2015-11-13 12:06:55
Does your coinbase account ask you for a verification code or does it redirect to the Authy application on your phone?
You can submit a request to change your phone number with Authy, but the process is arcane and uninformative. Don't believe anything it tells you, because it's essentially lies.
Use [this link]( to request a phone number change.
After you submit a number change do the following things:
* Get a good scan of photo ID. It needs to be government issue, regardless of what they tell you. Driver's license, passport, etc.
* DO NOT TRY TO LOGIN TO YOUR ACCOUNT ONCE THE REQUEST HAS BEEN SUBMITTED. This is very important, as it will fail your request silently. Don't even think about having an account.
* They will request ID pretty much regardless of what you're told. 
You're going to get a bunch of emails stating they are reviewing, then you'll get an ID request. At that point, if the gods favor you, you'll get a phone number change and you'll be able to relog your account.
Do not keep any BTC in Coinbase's wallet. Get a number that you can keep, such as Google Voice (if it's available to you.)
@_date: 2015-11-11 20:32:24
I cancelled another account I had not too long ago in favor of consolidating cruft that had accumulated. It was as easy as clicking a button.
There were no funds in the account, all btc gets moved out as soon as it appears in that wallet. I just want to get my personal information off their system because it's becoming obvious that they take security (theater) seriously.
@_date: 2015-11-11 18:01:07
Because I wanted to make it clearer as to the actual reason for my post. I had apparently not provided enough information, and simply want to clarify things.
edit: I has a word.