@_author: gsloane
@_date: 2013-04-10 13:10:21
On the whole I would say, professional journalists and some attentive bloggers know how to write smartly on Bitcoin as much as they do any topic they cover. You don't have to be an expert, but you have to talk to experts. Also, if you are a bitcoin owner, you should probably thank media, because all the attention is part of what's pushing this concept mainstream. Think about it, enough of these bitcoins have been mined, that half are in existence, 11 million. For this to work they can't be worth $1 or even $50 apiece. These things are meant to be divisible by 100 million. We are just starting, so to get there and media has to be a part of it. There are a lot of aspects of the bitcoin economy that need exposing.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:39:20
MT. Gox issued this statement that should dispell any notion of an attack yesterday or today. MT.Gox couldn't handle normal demand for bitcoin trading and there doesn't need to be an attack to explain lags in the system. MtGox took itself offline to let the market cool. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:53:08
Go look at facebook's shareprice from its founding through trading as a private company to IPO to today. That would scare the crap out of you too, but the company is back on its way up and starting to show some real value. Remember bitcoins have attracted the attention of some really smart people who think it has real potential. Also the last bitcoin is set to be mined in 125 years, when 22 million will have been mined, and they are divisible by 100 million. That's potential for 2 quadrillion units, or about the amount of pennies there would be if all US currency were converted into pennies. This will be volatile early on but has potential to be valuable. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:09:08
Why should bitcoin be any different to report on than say the price of gold or investing in exotic securities. There is plenty being written on the topic right now. In fact I just wrote my first story about bitcoins. I am not a miner or speculator, but I did talk people who are. Now, if you are reading articles and columns online, some might just be opinion pieces, not attempts at balanced reporting. What basic facts are being misreported by top news sources? And if you see a wrong fact alert the publication. The good ones make corrections.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:23:07
I agree with you for the most part, but most people think google has created a genius advertising model of search that must be effective if it is a $50 billion a year business or more. Still I don't click in search ads or social ones either. So it surprises me too but people are clicking, and plenty of studies have shown the effectiveness of search marketing. Social is still new though, and in the grand picture they are both early stages, and so long as privacy implications don't get too creepy the ad targeting should increase in relevance a thousand fold in the next 10 years. There really are no limits and it's only just start for Internet advertising.
@_date: 2013-04-12 07:59:10
Looking at the downvotes, I feel like a scientist being told you have to present creationism as just as valid of an argument as evolution. Where are people having difficulty following? You can't argue beanie babies or breakin 2 electric bugaloo are just like bitcoins. These are two ridiculous statements yet people think there is a point to be made so here we are. Now, I am not saying bitcoins are necessarily or definitely going to be valuable, I am saying that the economy of bitcoins operates differently from collectible fads and home movie libraries.
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:22:05
Well, anyone is allowed to write an opinion piece calling the bitcoin market a bubble. Like the editorial page of a newspaper can declare a housing bubble. An article can quote someone who thinks it's a bubble., and should present the opposing view, too. The other factual inaccuracies seem to come from links to online publications that don't have the reputability of say a New York Times or Wall Street Journal. I'd just stick to credible news sources. The Economist certainly is one, but again that was linked to in an opinion piece not an article. A healthy market allows naysayers to express opinion without being threatened, especially if the other side is confident it is not a bubble.
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:49:32
I agree I'm not calling either a low risk investment, and I'd say facebook is much less risky than bitcoin right now, but I am saying that FB two years ago traded for $55 or more on private markets, and that was some risky biz. It is getting more normal now to invest in FB and slowly climbing. Anyone who thinks FB is destined for myspace status, and there are plenty of people still saying that, aren't really paying attention or must not know much about Facebook. I think bitcoin has the potential to be regarded in a similar manner in the years ahead. Still risky but a concept hard to express in words yet simple in its brilliance that if it reaches its potential could change the world. Facebook has reached the changing the world part niw it needs the value to follow.