@_author: gt2860rs
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:59:50


Immediately converting to a government backed currency isn't a hedge, it's simply selling the asset.  To be a hedge you'd have to maintain your stake in BTC while simultaneously taking another position that is inversely correlated with the price of a bitcoin.
You've said you would take on debt denominated in BTC, depending on the interest rate, and that it's a "Simple calculation of risk and expectations."
So, if you were going to borrow 1000 bitcoins to buy a house, what interest rate would convince you to take the loan?
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:49:50


Now you sound like the Keynesian... And I still haven't heard an argument for a naturally deflationary asset.  


Huh?  Is it?  No mention of fiat vs commodity based currencies here: 
Moreover, there is internal debate about the role of government in banking: "According to Mises, central banks enable the commercial banks to fund loans at artificially low interest rates, thereby inducing an unsustainable expansion of bank credit and impeding any subsequent contraction.[43][45][citation needed] [43][46] Friedrich Hayek disagreed. Hayek did not favor laissez-faire in banking and said that a freely competitive banking industry tends to be endogenously destabilizing and pro-cyclical, mimicking the effects which Rothbard attributed to central bank policy. Hayek stated that the need for central banking control was inescapable."
The Austrian theory of inflation is simply that an increase in money supply will be met with an equivalent increase in prices.  Modern examples dispute this theory.  Nowhere do I see any economist encouraging deflationary currency...
With regards to your linked article on failed fiat currencies, I don't really know what to say other than that it seemed kind of silly to me.  Governments that fail bring their currencies with them.  But any government that was relying on gold backed currency that had any amount of fractional reserve would have the currency fail as well.  Unless you keep a store of value physically with you (which incidentally many Indian women do--holding more gold than the IMF) you're relying on your government's monopoly on violence to go fetch any asset that a bank or other institution says you're entitled to.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:13:55
Thanks for keeping this conversation going. It's all very interesting.


I'll say that I certainly understand the attraction to bitcoin as an asset, but I still can't figure out how it can be a currency.  I'm by no means educated in the details of monetary theory, but I don't see how it's possible to denominate debt in bitcoins: it's got scary deflation and it's kind of impossible to reverse a transaction.  
I think that money can be completely revolutionized by cryptocurrencies, the idea of a blockchain and trust-free transmission of funds.  I just don't think Bitcoin has all the ingredients to really work.


I guess I'd argue that fiat is better than gold because you can make more of it (and later make it disappear). (ignoring the fact that we do mine more gold)  If the Austrian model of inflation is correct, why has the massive increase USD supply not been met by hyperinflation?  Central banking has played a very important role in economic stability precisely because they are manipulating prices.  The price we pay for these services comes in the form of mild inflation.  While other assets and commodities swing wildly in price, we have dozens of extremely powerful central banks working with the mandate to maintain 2-4% inflation.  USD value is extraordinarily stable, and that's _because_ of active manipulation.  That's why I'm able to borrow hundreds of thousands of dollars at 3%.  That's awesome.
Without digging too deeply into the gold standard vortex, there's no evidence that economies are more stable or enter recession less frequently or for shorter duration under a gold standard currency.  The opposite can be observed: 
For both the US and UK, recessions were significantly shorter lived on fiat.  I am reading Lawrence White's 2008 Cato Institute brief on the gold standard just for fairness sake.
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:32:02
Would you agree to take on debt denominated in bitcoins? What about USD?  Why or why not?
Would you ever agree to pay an employee a fixed rate wage in bitcoins for a service that does not directly generate bitcoins? What about USD? Why or why not?
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:32:28


I get that.  Isn't deflation a disincentive to spending and thus perpetuating the chicken and egg problem?


I'm certainly not! I just don't understand how it makes a better currency than any other commodity.  I wouldn't sign up for a debt in gold, and I wouldn't accept my salary in gold either. (or oranges or crude oil)


I'm not signing onto any viewpoint, so please don't try to convince with me by cutting down an economic theory.  I'm trying to understand how the bitcoin economy works and will work in the future.




And I profit from the free availability of credit and the devaluation of my debts over time...   
Doesn't Bitcoin also rely on a powerful union of entities with a mandate to enforce monetary policy? The miners who enforce the version of the protocol also set the rules that determine their compensation, don't they?  And because of the hardware investment required to effectively compete for hash cycles, isn't it very difficult for the average person to influence the decisions made?
I have nothing against cryptocurrencies, but I don't have any sense for how deflation in a currency is a good thing.  It seems to discourage spending, debt, and liquidity, and nothing you've written about really addresses that.  
Volatility is difficult, but if it were possible to denominate debt in bitcoin and effectively short sell bitcoin, it would probably stabilize some.  But with deflation, debt in bitcoin would be really really dangerous for a debtor, and require high interest rates to entice investors.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:17:35
Thanks for replying and taking me seriously.


Ok, what rate?  I have a 30 year mortgage, and given the growth of bitcoin, even a break even interest rate would have to be negative, wouldn't it?  And if interest rates were negative, wouldn't I instead take out loans and reinvest the loans directly in bitcoin?  Clearly I'm not understanding something.


It could be fair, but what if bitcoin doubles or goes up 10x?  Wouldn't that be an incentive to fire the employee? Or you have to renegotiate wages regularly which would be a pretty inefficient and expensive process...
I understand that companies already negotiate long term futures contracts based on expected values of commodities (see: aviation fuel, etc), but doesn't the large volatility destabilize any business that accrues debts, labor contracts, and inventory?  After all, once you produce a widget for a fixed BTC cost, your breakeven sale price doesn't move even as the value of a bitcoin changes.  
Moreover these kind of futures contracts rely on a financial market maker who actively speculates in the area, don't they?


I'm interested in this.  What can you tell me about volatility hedging?
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:19:02
Right, but someone has to take on the volatility risk... so... unless your employer is only doing business in BTC, they have an incentive to fire you if the value of a bitcoin rises significantly.  Then you have no income and a quickly growing debt...
Likewise, if the value of a bitcoin drops quickly, you have an incentive to quit because you're getting underpaid, and you can pay off your debt for pennies on the dollar.
I guess I don't see how someone doesn't end up getting screwed.