@_author: gtruhiuh
@_date: 2016-08-29 04:04:41
    3. Makes other cryptocurrencies attractive choices in comparison
@_date: 2017-02-22 10:58:04
Seems like a better solution to have the block size limit be set by market forces. 1MB was an arbitrary number chosen as a quick hack anyways
EDIT: damn, I wish discussion on this forum was better than getting downvoted for a simple comment like this. Feeling jealous of the Ethereum community... 
@_date: 2017-02-23 03:59:57


I hear the choice of ISPs in America isn't too good - but in the rest of the world (I can only speak for east asia and northern europe) this is not the case. 
Thanks for the write up! An argument with a data table is always great to see. I'd be curious to hear what your thoughts are re: other chains - in [Ethereum a new block is generated every 12 seconds]( they also have [no arbitrary size limit]( and seem to be doing fine. 
As someone who is well versed in blockchains (but of course not all-knowing, who is?) I'd be curious to hear your thoughts on their strategy. Cheers! 
@_date: 2017-02-12 22:06:56
I think you'd get a speedup by running bitcoin with the `-dbcache` flag set to a high number. That took my download from basically forever to a day or so. 
It's by default set to a very low number. 
@_date: 2017-02-23 23:46:40
I have nothing to reply really, except my sincere thanks for taking the time to give me such a thorough reply, with numbers to back it up. Bookmarking the permalink :-). 
Wishing you a great day
@_date: 2017-02-12 23:02:33
From my comment it's obvious I'm a software engineer and know very well what a commit is. What I meant was that the amount of commits per time is a rubbish metric for software "goodness", in the same way as the famous example of measuring the LOC count. 
@_date: 2017-02-12 22:03:23
That's like my old project manager who measured progress in lines of code written. I miss the good old days of bitcoin, when arguments were less childish... 
@_date: 2017-02-23 12:07:25




Here in Japan (hello from Tokyo! I'm on the lookout for a certain Nakamoto-san ;-) ) having a cap on your connection is unheard of, and in my home Sweden as well. I've lived in a few European countries (Germany, Denmark, UK, Norway) and have never ever heard of such things, except for mobile connections. And god knows if they existed I would have hit them in my teenage filesharing years... 




Also adding, despite the fact that Ethereum is comparatively tiny, geth was pulling down a substantial amount of bandwidth alongside bitcoind in some of my tests. I shut it off to conserve my bandwidth. :P
No blockchain that I know of has any solutions that actually solve or avoid the problem- It's just too far off for them to actually consider it, just like it used to be for us. Blockchains are inherently extremely inefficient - Every piece of data is sent to every single participant, often multiple times, and stored by every single participant, forever(or at least an indeterminant amount of time). With other modern large-scale systems like VISA the data is only sent to the destination server it needs to be on(and its backups), and only once, and only stored for the time that it is needed. To scale a properly designed large scale system, you add more servers. Doing that to Blockchains only makes things worse.
Fair points. I disagree, as I don't see those numbers as being that very high. Ethereum inherently requires more space per TX as well (at least when using their turing-complete script language, and if you're not using it, why use Ethereum?). 
It's true that Bitcoin has a tragedy-of-the-commons problem. Satoshi thought everyone running a node would also be mining with their CPU, which turned out to be a naive assumption. Because of this, any mechanism "steered by the market" in bitcoin means "steered by miners", as they are the ones writing blocks. In the case of dynamic block sizes a la BU (don't really know what the other forks (XT, Classic) are doing) that would be true as well. Just like what TX is included in a block is now decided by market (read: miner) forces, the amount of transactions included would also be decided by market (read: miners) forces. 
So I guess the discussion boils down to just that - should the amount of TXs included be set by the Bitcoin Core dev team (by some allegedly having a financial interest in off-chain solution, since many are employed by/running Blockstream, but that's a discussion I know nothing about) or my "market" (read: miner) forces. 
What is right and wrong in this question I honestly can't say (even if I'm currently leaning towards one side). Maybe it's even futile for a Joe Schmoe like me to have an opinion - when one should really think of game theory and logically conclude which group will have the most power over this issue? I guess god only knows and the future will show. 
Anyways, thanks, mate, for discussing this in a calm way with me! Seeing so many people throw shit on each other in r/bitcoin and r/btc all day long, on all levels. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 09:21:12
Awesome! Just a side note - people usually spell it "alpha", rather than "Alfa". Keep on rockin'
@_date: 2016-06-21 15:14:31
Oh, TIL! Best of luck with the bitcoin business mate