@_author: gu3st
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:17:20
These stocks aren't designed to be a currency and a payment system, but rather an investment system. I think that makes quite a bit of difference. Comparing bitcoins to stocks is just another way of trying to pigeonhole bitcoin into one of the existing categories, but it's not like stocks, not just a payment system, and not even just a currency either. It has to be seen for what it is in its own right. 
Whether it does "take over the world" or not is to be seen. There's lots at play here, and there's no guarantee it will ever see that kind of adoption, but if you're gonna say bitcoin is just like stocks you might say the same thing for gold, the ounce of which is literally thousand times more valuable than 1 USD, and gold has historically served as a currency. That something gains value when there's more demand for it doesn't apply just to stocks.
@_date: 2013-05-10 23:56:35
You think it's too optimistic? Fair enough. Perhaps I should've made it clearer that I'm talking about the potential, that is, why it has potential rather than implying it will win out for sure.
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:08:44
You're right. It's a bit late to add the 9th point, but I've added a side note paragraph about this under "It's valued too high" to address this.
Thank you
@_date: 2013-04-27 16:00:17
Wow. Would you believe I haven't noticed that until I saw your comment (I'm the author)? Geez.. that's what happens when I take long with it and shuffle the order around. FWIW, I fixed the numbers and title. Now we have two extra as a bonus!
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:35:43
Exactly. And Bitcoin has one other thing backing it, which gives it value other than its value as a medium of exchange; the cryptographic payment system and how the mining process keeps on strengthening it. This is something a lot of people seem to miss, or merely give a passing thought to, that bitcoins aren't just a currency, but a payment system as well.
In other words, the non-monetary value of bitcoins that the author seeks is in the payment system tied to bitcoins where bitcoins can be seen as fragments of  this payment system's overall value. In fact Shostak partially referred to this external value of bitcoins (the non-monetary value, that is, its value as a service) when he refers to its usefulness for moving paper money around. He just misses the other part of the picture, which is the value of the payment system when it is used only to move bitcoins around, not just to exchange bitcoins for paper money and vice versa.
As a side note, it is a bit weird to see an apparent austrian economist describe fiat paper money as if something legitimate. Of everything I know about austrian economics and libertarianism in general they in a nutshell see dollars as worthless paper where its value is derived solely on what's essentially a collective delusion. Paper fiat currencies are in fact the worst of the worst when it comes to actual backing. That they have the backing of government power is to me more of a liability than something valuable.
What I'm saying is that there's simply no way that bitcoins are fundamentally worse than paper money. By all means it is at least better, even if it might not fit so perfectly to the austrian/libertarian visions of perfect money (which, I believe, is essentially physical gold and silver).
Dollars, euros etc. are all, inevitably and by their nature, ticking time bombs. They. Will. Collapse.