@_author: guacamolski
@_date: 2014-10-17 07:29:58
It's more like, the bank creates money to give to the business. (banks create new money when they accept loans, which is Fracktional Reserve Lending) Everybody pays for that money through inflation. The business uses the created money to buy up the means of production. Workers who don't get money from the banks are economically forced to work for the business, while the owners who got the money through money creation own what the worker produces. The worker gets a small piece of the value he/she produced. 
You make it sound as if the business owner worked for the money he invested. No. We all pay for the money that was created (they steal the value of our currency), his employers work to create a surpluss. Banks create money and select who will be the owner of a business. Consumers create business opportunities. Workers work, owners collect the surpluss.
There is interest on the money they create. So there is always more debt than there is money. This means the loans have to be refreshed, because if all the debt were paid off there would be no money, and still debt. The money supply has to increase. To keep up, the economy has to grow. Fracktional reserve landing is a pyramid scheme. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 13:53:27
Problems like justice, defense, population growth, resource depletion, climate change,... need centralized solutions. He banks a lot on computers and the internet. Those innovations come from government institutions and need standardized 'centralized' protocols and whatnot. We wouldn't have the infastructure if it wasn't for central planning.
Bitcoin is centralized in the sense that everyone could start issuing their own bitcoin, but instead people subscribe to the single bitcoin. I bet the bitcoin name is protected by the centralized trademark office of the countries they are traded in. If not, then I could start trading my own personal bitcoins that only I can make. I'd rule the bitcoin world. Off course, I'd have to kill people that tried the same scam. But no worries, there is no centralized law and police force to stop me. 
