@_author: guampolice
@_date: 2019-06-12 15:13:05
Relatively ignorant to all things bitcoin.  Use a bitcoin wallet to transfer change I make from playing cards online.  For someone who buys/sells frequently, is the following normal?
I had done two trades on Blockchain.com before my most recent.  Transfer to my wallet from card site was almost immediate, sell trade was initiated with funds to be directly deposited into my bank account.  Funds came in between 72-96 hours of initiating sell trade.  
On my most recent one, I initiated the sell trade on May 29th.  Under order details, first "estimated time of delivery" for funds immediately after submission said Sunday, June 1st.  This has extended 9 different times, leading up until yesterday that said Sunday, June 16th.  Blockchain.com only gives the option of a priority fee on sells.  So I paid $2 on a $200 sell for the SFOX fee, then a bit higher than the suggested min priority fee, another $9, so over 5.0% in total fees for the transaction.  18+ days seems a little ridiculous to me for turnaround time for "priority".
I can't find the transaction on any block explorer.  The only thing I noticed is that while the price went up in the duration I was waiting on my last transactions, for this one, it has almost continuously dropped, or dropped and remained stable at that point for the 2+ weeks my sell has been "initiated".  
Is this typical?  Am I to eat the volatility for when the price drops?  Not really interested in bitcoin as an investment, and it seems pretty crappy that if the price goes up I have no means of recourse for cancelling and holding on while it appreciates, but if it drops, these transactions can be held in limbo for what seems like an indefinite amount of time.
@_date: 2019-06-12 15:43:34
When I submit my order id on the site’s block explorer it gives me an error message of “Oops! We couldn’t find what you’re looking for”
@_date: 2019-06-12 19:44:28
Not listed on my sent transactions I assume because it's pending and not complete, but otherwise not sure how to check on its progress or if I have any recourse for expediting the process. 
 
@_date: 2019-06-12 20:19:04
Okay, that's a bummer.  Have ignored 2 email requests that guarantee a response within 24-hours in the last two days. Thank you for the wisdom/help
edit: after re-checking that code (? - To: 1Luzzax...) that was from a previous transaction that I did receive funds for on the 30th of May into my bank account.  The one initiated on 31st (date wrong in original comment) is still classified as a pending sell and does not show up as sent under the "sent" or "all" tabs on the bitcoin page.  Still a Blockchain.com problem?  Can't find where the TXID is for the pending sell for the aforementioned reasons, but also not very familiar w/ the BC.com interface