@_author: guardiadelafe
@_date: 2014-07-19 13:48:59
Wow, it heads up a pretty impressive list. I'm following it to the end... even if it's also out of my price range. 
With this kind of thing, whatever the painting gets purchased for, it'll probably be worth a lot more later.
Always happens that way, and it looks like it's already become a part of Bitcoin mythology! 
@_date: 2014-01-25 20:12:41
Don't get me wrong... I'm not being a debbie-downer - obviously I'm a fan of the project. I was just sharing what appears to be one of the bigger risks... 
Let's say he's bought and sold up to 10 btc and the price tumbles from ~$850/bitcoin to ~425. He's set back a number of transactions at the least. But let's say it's even worse... the price of bitcoin tumbles to $4.25/bitcoin. He might be beginning again.  
I'm a big believer in bitcoin and I have a difficult time believing there could be a market correction of that size, but the reality is that bitcoin is a social experiment in and of itself. So one of the interesting things about this project is that it's a social experiment built atop a social experiment... 
@_date: 2014-01-19 17:44:49
Yeah, I got that vibe from reading his site. Seems like he actually gives a shit, and not a bad writer.
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:05:32
Damn... woke up early with that question. Noticed the typo in the title. Not "exchanging" but "exchange". Please don't fry me! 
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:19:49
Yeah, think about it.... they could be the buyers for every "panic" seller and manually taking those bitcoin to other exchanges, getting a 4x return that can support their own solvency and still pocketing the trading fees each time. Seems like a brilliant - although very, very dark and totally immoral - scheme.
@_date: 2014-01-26 02:43:53
[Preface: This response is coming from a capitalist/libertarian who doesn't believe in socialized health care]
What attracted me to this project is that it is nothing like the charity case you're describing. Whereas there have been so many people with bitcoin asking for handouts, it appears that this person is different. His aim - in his words - is to make "mutually beneficial transactions" with people that increase in value. By nature mutually beneficial transactions are not charity. 
His aim is more than theoretically possible - he's shown how it works. In his first transaction, he made additions to a coin that made it significantly more valuable. In his second, he gave a lot of publicity to a wallet maker of bitcoin wallets - making the discount the wallet maker gave on it surely worth his while.
Freeloading, by definition, is wanting something for nothing. A quick look at this project - the thought and time the guy put into it and his desire to show off and give back to the people who participate in it - shows that's not  happening at all here. 
Additionally, this guy is offering a story about his social experiment to everyone who doesn't want to buy anything for free (which makes us the free loaders I guess). Then he's offering real value to the people who do participate in the transactions. That's a pretty good deal. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:55:05
Lol... perhaps you'll get the house. :) But even so you won't be doing the same thing. There are a bunch of rules of the project: 20+ international transactions, telling the story of each transaction and the people that are a part of it, etc.  
The purpose of the project - as I understand it - isn't nearly just to get a house. It's also to show how easily bitcoin can be transacted internationally, and to tell the story of people all over the world in the bitcoin community. 
But seriously, good luck on the house. I probably am in the same boat with you but with less bitcoin... you never know how it's going to rise though!