@_author: guilteewhiteman
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:16:16
See also: Poor minority families whose racist geography prevents them from receiving adequate education as well as other basic needs, where the threat of violence in addition to an already difficult economic situation keeps cortisol levels high enough that ones basic endocrinology is out of whack, perpetuating stress and a sense of helplessness. Where families are broken up by moralistic patriarchal laws which proxy as an income source for the most morally bankrupt industries to crop up in the post war era.  In the US we have forced these communities into their current situation, because greedy, white, racist men defined borders and laws in ways where "working hard" can really make a fucking difference. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:07:21
YUCK!! This thread exposes the reasons why I NEVER would associate myself with American Libertarians, despite the fact that I agree with several of their principals. I don't trust government and the elites that have ruled precisely because they used the benefits afforded by their class, often indistinguishable from race, to oppress and steal from those of the lower classes. American Libertarians are not so interested in undermining these authorities in order to right the wrongs of oppressors (most often white men), but in preventing their property from being touched in any way ("Freedom", if you will). Basically, they come of as a bunch of greedy white folks who think that their hard work entitles them to more than others. Do us all a favor, and go back to filling your mouths with the balls of Ayn Rand's rotten carcass, because you know little about what is means to be the other, and fail to understand the issues of institutionalized racism. Go and start a fucking prison or something, so you can make your profits with the rest of the racist scum who still hold power the US.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:48:52
You, sir, are a breath of fresh air, though I'm convinced you are a time-traveler.  Now I'm going to sit patiently on my armchair, wait 20 years for the Baby Boomers ("The Worst Generation") to pass away or get Alzheimer's, and rejoice that America woke up and stopped the corporate fascists from taking hold. Or wait, did the techno-rebels send you  because that is our future? Shit!!! Y'all down in Austin better get this guy elected...he may be our only hope