@_author: guitarguru95
@_date: 2018-05-29 21:27:20
Well this got heated lol...I've been slowly moving toward thinking of the BCash camp as the true BTC since the fork in July--where I'll admit I had SegWit leanings (although not hostile toward BCH like some people seem to be?).  
If anyone reading this hasn't seen the 'Ivan on Tech' interview with Roger, they definitely should check it out. Ivan is very much on the Segwit side for technical reasons alone, but he also isn't hostile toward Ver.  It's a good chance to see what the man actually thinks without being bullied in an interview.  I personally like him more now because of it, and think he's honestly not trying to scam people...objectively I think everyone can agree that since the fork, media attention (and public sentiment) toward Roger has been overtly negative.  After watching him in that interview, I feel a lot more like it was unjustifiably hostile...I need to look into it more before I can comfortably agree with one side or another, but Roger has a stronger case than most die-hard 'BTC' supporters would like to admit. Either way, he seemed far too sincere in verbalizing his frustrations with the BTC community at large, for EVERYTHING he said to be a massive web of lies.  At the very least, he believes most of what he's saying (whether that makes it right is another story).  So based on what I saw with Ivan, I'm inclined to think he at least has some reason to be upset.
Not saying that makes him right about BCH being more "bitcoin" than BTC, or that his censorship/conspiratorial claims are legitimate, or even that if BCH were the system more closely built in the vision of Satoshi, that it would even win the "Bitcoin" title in the end (bc if he's right about conspiracy, then the conspiracy could distort the market and lift BTC to the top regardless of which coin is better...so I wouldn't necessarily say BCH is the better investment choice)...All I'm saying is it's at least enough to make you question the mainstream BTC narrative out there.  If you're interested in watching it, the interview is linked below; enjoy!
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:44:56
I got into the space back in June, so definitely not a veteran yet and don't know all of my BTC history.  Do any of Roger Ver or Jihan Wu's allegations about Blockstream and its ties to AXA hold any weight? I briefly looked into it, and it made Roger look more correct than I was anticipating.  
Thought I'd ask in here to listen to the other side so I don't accidentally buy into the wrong load of bs.  
Main questions are:  
1.  Did Blockstream elbow out the original Bitcoin core devs
2.  If so was it because the Blockstreamers just happened to be better or was it because Blockstream is up to something?
Really appreciate any insight anyone can provide! Thanks!!