@_author: gulten1
@_date: 2014-12-15 13:00:47
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:54:13
With USPS, you're probably looking at a lazy mailman who doesn't want to get off his butt to deliver a package to the door, so he puts one of those slips in your mailbox and ruins your day by making you have to go retrieve it from the post office the next day.
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:23:11
I really don't understand the mathematics behind the attack in the link.  I am wondering myself the vulnerability of the type of the ECDSA used in Bitcoin to such an attack.  But bottom line is there could be other attacks or exploits on ECDSA that we don't know about.  
From a layman's perspective, I guess there is a chance attackers can look at when you sign a transaction and use it to determine the private key of the address associated with that transaction.  Then this leads to HD wallet vulnerabilities if someone is able to get the master public key along with it, which can be leaked by some services, or given out voluntarily at times.
@_date: 2014-12-15 12:49:07


Network effect and [sidechains](
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:13:44
No I don't think its safe really.  Depending on what country you are in, its very dangerous.  Coinbase and Circle are both USA companies.  The regulatory environment is very strict in the USA.  They have lots of laws on anti-money laundering, and know your customer.  The IRS is very strict there, there are a lot of capital controls.  All it takes is for them to pass some regulation or make some rules that say if you have a lot of Bitcoins stored there you have to jump through their hoops.
Maybe they will require you to provide a detailed account of where you got the Bitcoins.  They might ask you where you got the funds to buy the Bitcoins and to prove it.  Maybe you are unable to satisfy their demands.  All these things could result in your coins being locked up by Circle and Coinbase.  They need to follow the law, so they will hold your coins hostage to appease the government.  At least use coinbase's multi-sig scheme where you have control over 2 of 3 of the private keys.
Just get a trezor or ledger wallet if you are intimidated by the technology of doing cold storage yourself.  Trezors are not that expensive, and they are really simple for newbies to use.  They are hardware wallets that keep your keys safe from hackers or malware.
@_date: 2014-12-15 12:51:00
Its actually probably more secure than HD wallets because of attacks on [ECDSA signatures.](
@_date: 2014-12-15 11:29:22
Hes buying addresses that held non-zero balances in May for doge, ltc, and btc.  It is because you can use the private key on just-dice.com to redeem clamcoins.  You get 4.6 clams for every non-zero address from May.  Right now its worth about 0.006 btc per clam on poloniex.com exchange.  That is like 10 dollars per address.
I did this the other day and got over 1 bitcoin.  Somone posted a thread here but it got deleted by the mods, so not many know about it.
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:05:03
Sure, the issue occurs when you sign the transactions to send the coins.  If the ECDSA is weak or an exploit was found then an attacker could get the private key associated with that address.  This isn't a big deal if you are using Bitcoin Core and always use a new address.  The attacker can only get the private key if you sign a transaction with it.  So using Bitcoin Core, as long as you send everything from that address to a new address, the attacker won't have the key to the new address.
However HD wallets are more vulnerable.  If an attacker is able to get 1 of your private keys to any address of your HD wallet, along with the master public key of that wallet, then they can determine your master private key and steal all coins in that wallet.  So in the case of HD wallets, it does not matter if you never use the same address twice.  All that matters is an attacker has 1 of your private keys along with your master public key.