@_author: gumchewerx
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:27:39
Lets be real: who has ever bought a product because he saw an ad on a website? I certainly know that I haven't 
@_date: 2018-12-28 19:50:40
Yeah, I wouldn't say that todays values are better though. It is common sense to not let everyone get inside your house, because not everyone has good intentions. We treat our guests like family and kind to everyone who is the same to us but we dont ignore facts and close our eyes, when we see that somebody is selling us bullshit we call it out. You cant go through life with pink-colored glasses and pretend that there are no issues, you must face your problems. But thats the problem, german (western european) society is kinda brainwashed by the whole multi-culturism. They think that once people from other countries with a completely different culture come here they will perfectly adapt our culture and identity and dismiss theirs. The reality is that we now have parallel societies where they solve their problem without outer forces like the police, creating no go zones in all bigger cities. Since the mass immigration there is more crime than ever before and many terror attacks happened meanwhile poland had not a single terror attack from the IS. Just look at london, acid attacks and moped crimes skyrocketed since 2015 or so, those practices are common in 3rd world countries and were uncommon in london. Statistics from the BKA (Bundeskriminalamt in german) also tell quite the opposite what the politicians want us to believe. Immigrants are over-represented in crime statistics such as assault, robbery, rape and sexual assault. A bit more than 15% of the suspects are refugees seeking asyl but overall they only represent 2% of total population. This turned out quite political in the end, sorry about that. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 00:21:36
Well people want their perception of the world to be confirmed by others and I think peterson gives exactly that. The internet is bloated with propaganda and manipulation from every side, its hard what to filter all that out as a young individual. I can only speak for myself and I saw my opinion about the SJW bullshit everywhere (and the political correctness) validated, because here in germany the people have a completely different opinion than my polish family and what I have experienced in life. But that is a whole different topic on its own.
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:24:13
I dont think peterson uses the "look at how much smarter I am than you" approach at all for his business. You might percieve that way because youtube is ridiculously clickbaiting the shit out of this guy. Its so bad that there are tons of funny comments making fun of the clickbait titles. The whole hype about peterson annoys me so much because of the people using it as clickbait and supposed truth of everything that I avoid him as much as possible, like elon musk. But the dislike for elon musk has several reaasons though, not only this one.
