@_author: gundato
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:42:24
In fully proper and super-professional writing, you avoid contractions. In scholarly works? Not so much. It really depends on the field and how strict people are in that regard.
Seriously, the amount of time and effort and assistance you put in often plays a MUCH bigger role than ability. I have met, and worked for, people who can barely string sentences together normally. But when it comes time to write a proposal for a grant or something, they whip out the grammar books (or get people who know grammar and spelling) and actually try.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:45:47
... It is textbook money laundering.
And you DO realize banks can be held liable if they KNOWINGLY hold illegally obtained money, right?
Liability along these lines often boil down to if it can be proven, in a court of law, that the proprietor knew illegal activities were going on. That is why a bartender can't just say "I don't care what happens in the basement" when he or she see people dragging someone kicking and screaming into the basement of a tavern. A bank can't accept giant bloody sacks of cash with dollar signs on them from someone who looks like a meth addict without at least SOME due diligence.
Also, all those statements you see on torrent sites and the like: They mean next to nothing. They are security blankets, just like people who think "abandonware" is legal and the like. It isn't, people are just stupid and think it will protect them.
Now, if you want to argue that it SHOULD be given an exemption: Feel free. I will disagree strongly as I don't want to establish a precedent, but that doesn't matter to YOUR beliefs. But from a legal standpoint, you can be in some pretty hot water.
The best way to operate a tumbler to avoid issues of legality would be to vet everyone involved and to trace where the money came from: Which largely defeats the purpose
@_date: 2014-03-07 15:50:15
As someone who actually does write scholarly articles and communicate professionally over email, there is a really big difference in how you approach things.
* If I am making a reddit post, I will fix anything that gets a red squiggle under it and maybe glance over what I post before I hit save.
* If I am sending an email or an IM to a friend (not of the lady variety), I probably won't even bother to read what I wrote and I may not even fix any grammatical errors. They tend to be quick emails and the like.
* If I am writing something professionally, I actually read what I wrote and even read it out loud to make sure it "sounds right"
So that really proves nothing, either way.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:19:59
Arguable, but my point is more just: It already IS used for money laundering, and a lot of the "advantages" are related to that. Which will cause problems with adoption rates and lead to a bad image. Hence the idea of making a new currency that scales back on some of that.
If you feel that is a justified use, fine, but that isn't what is being discussed at all.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:56:19
And you know who else wants to have money that can't be tied back to them? Drug Dealers!
That is the problem, and that is why so many people are so hesitant to operate them. Because if there is an investigation and one of their customers is revealed to have been laundering money, they are basically screwed as "I plugged my ears and pretended it was all legit" is not a good defense. And the other users are also potentially in trouble as they are knowingly working with others to obfuscate the money trail, which, legally, doesn't have many practical purposes.
If you just want to use one, do it. But no amount of "I think that is not right" is going to protect you or encourage others to do it. The odds (in the current climate) are pretty low on you getting in trouble, but it can happen. And as bitcoin becomes more popular, the ne'er do wells will realize this is a useful trick (they kind of already have...).
You do it at your own risk.
@_date: 2014-02-06 18:36:45
I realize everyone wants to make a kneejerk "Take that, Apple" reaction, but a few things that leap at me from glancing at this project:
1. Just reading the pitch it definitely sounds like they are trying to play on your fear/anger at Apple. Yes, that is a marketing strategy, but I personally am never huge on companies that try to prey on my emotions. If that affects you is up to you
2. It sounds like they might have a plan somewhere, but reading through the pitch it sounds like they just want operating costs but don't specifically say what they intend to do with your funds.
3. They make it clear they want to use the trackable nature of bitcoins to show how they are using funds, but be aware that the vast majority of that will still be "take our word for it" as they will need to convert to fiat for most expenses. Also, considering how volatile the value of bitcoins tends to be, this may end VERY poorly for obvious reasons.
4. It is a flexible funding campaign which is VERY rarely a good sign, especially when you add in merchandise
5. They are doing the t-shirts and posters and stickers thing. As MANY KS-style projects have learned over the past few years, this kind of stuff gets very expensive once you factor in shipping, manufacturing (printing), and all that fun stuff.
6. [edit] Oh yeah, I don't know indiegogo's policy on this but CoinPunk is heavily pushing the "donate to us with bitcoins/other internet coins" angle, and considering the audience this is actually probably going to be very popular. Indiegogo may actually cancel the project if they feel they won't get their cut (KS and indiegogo and the like aren't providing a site and system for free...) because the majority of the project's funding is bypassing them. Just something to keep in mind [/edit]
I am not saying they are a bad investment,k just that there are a LOT of question marks and they don't really seem to have a plan for that cash or, if they do, they feel it is more important to build an image than to inform people where their money is going. Which is REALLY ironic when you think about it...
Just, be smart about how you invest your money and realize that "I hate X" is rarely a good reason to invest in Y.
Seriously, do some research into how crowdfunding tends to work. Even just spending your lunch break doing a bit of googling will be a good warning sign about how important it is to actually know what people intend to do with money and to at least do some mental math.
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:24:14
Would be smart if they actually talked to authors and looked at publishers these days.
Yes, print media is "dying", but it has also been "dying" for decades. So... yeah
But the publishing houses are still around. Because yes, anyone and their mother can self-publish a book. But editors make books a LOT better, whether it is just helping to proofread or pointing out what works and what doesn't. Similarly, publishers allow authors to work "full time" with much more stability.
All this article is doing is saying that approaches like kickstarter (crowd-funding a project) and patreon (crowd-funding with a much finer granularity) are "the future". And both of those already work well with paypal/amazon/whatever.
But all that does is make it easier for people without publishers to live off their writing, it still doesn't replace the benefit of having someone who actually knows what readers want giving tips and suggestions to improve a book.
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:48:17
This, pretty much. While I wouldn't go so far as to say they are "hacks", I will point out that they likely don't have anywhere near as much experience or anywhere near as much access to analytics, insider info, and the like.
The best example would be this: Imagine this is a decade and a half or so ago, and you are a writer for the same publishing house that Jim Butcher uses. You are writing an interesting novel about a detective with magical abilities. Your editor(s) tell you that you may want to either crank up or tone down the magic, since there is going to be a potentially very popular book coming out around the same time that covers similar notes. You react accordingly, you make lots of money (and readers are happier because they have something similar or very different to read).
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:22:34
This is a bit different as, by using one, you may be actively assisting in the money laundering process. If you find your tumbler at "SuperIllegalMoneyLaundering.com" (don't click that link...) you, as a user, can probably get nailed because you are knowingly assisting in illegal activities.
That is why a lot of the people who run these things don't want to do it anymore. The risk for them is WAY too high.
Think of it like torrenting pirated movies or software. Generally, the trackers are what are targeted legally. But you, the guy who grabbed Finding Nemo, are also guilty of uploading (unless you are a real jerk who blocks all uploads, heh) and can be held accountable. If you will depends on if an example "needs" to be made. Just inverted in terms of legal arguments as the tracker can pretend they thought that everyone was downloading ubuntu MUCH easier than the user can pretend that "BigBootyBitches.torrent" was actually a publicly available lecture.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:40:37
Court systems around the world have repeatedly ruled that Apple owns the concept of rounded edges...
CLEARLY things get a bit wonky when you are applying existing laws to a radically new concept.
And the thing is, right now it is your standard "Organization comparable to a bank owes money". As you said, assets and liabilities are considered, but will courts rule that bitcoins count as assets? You feel they should, I feel they should, but will the legal system? 
I am not a lawyer, but what about the pen on a CEO's desk? Maybe it was bought with company cash, maybe he just grabbed it at the bank. Will that count as an asset for the purpose of repaying debts? And what is the cash value? is it just 1/10th of the price of a ten-pack of bics? Do we need to contact an appraiser to figure out how much it was devalued by being chewed on?
That is one of the big issues here. To my knowledge (seriously, correct me if I am wrong) the Japanese court system hasn't really ruled on if bitcoin is "real" and thus, what its value should be. It could very well end up being comparable to just burning money.
@_date: 2014-02-06 19:46:52
Uhm, okay. Good for you?
Usually people put money into crowdfunding campaigns as a form of investment and what not. But hey, if you just want to give them a tip or whatever good on you. At least you are going in with the assumption of not getting a product, which is always a good idea. Heh.
@_date: 2014-02-12 14:43:07
There are a lot of interesting discussions as bitcoins and all other internet-moneys are a really interesting field. But it is also REALLY hard not to call out the circlejerk mentality that arises where so many posters manage to turn the flaws into "advantages". Not necessarily in this thread, but in general.
And either way, isn't that what everyone should be promoting? Actual discussion to better understand and navigate the issues?
@_date: 2014-11-30 15:32:56
Just a heads up: It sounds like the bot is just selling keys out of boxes, This very much gets into the grey area where Valve can ban your account for exploiting regional price differences and all that other fun stuff.
Also, this count as key reselling, and multiple publishers (Rebellion being the most hilarious) have spoken out against this and disabled keys sold by key resellers.
Mostly that is a matter of volume and how the keys are obtained, but it is definitely a concern.
So use at your own risk, and keep in mind this really isn't doing much to improve the credibility/decrease the shadiness of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-07 16:57:38
Except that I assume you have operating costs (especially if this is your full-time job).
That's the thing people tend to forget about. Unless you have an alternative revenue stream (thus rendering the actual business as being purely a side affair), you need to convert to fiat at some point to actually USE the money. Which is why the smart merchants (and you seem to be one, outside of this one bit :p) convert to fiat on the vast majority of their transactions almost instantly. Thus making the "I could amass bitcoins" argument kind of questionable. As it stands, the system is designed to let the rich get richer. Which is actually pretty appropriate for a currency of any form :p
Of course, if you are converting instantly all this is really doing is getting rid of the infrastructure that (generally) protects users and vendors. It sucks that they issued a (let's assume for the sake of argument) bullshit chargeback. But imagine the users who really DO get boned on stuff like this. Hell, just go check r/PS4 for the idiot who "bought" a PS4 by buying a bunch of PSN cards, emailing the codes, and never getting the PS4. And because of how he did it (avoiding all the infrastructure designed for these kinds of transactions), he is probably boned.
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:59:09
And when that becomes more widespread, great. But during the period where people say "if I had used bitcoin for the past few years I would be a billionaire!" it is just not at all true. And it still really isn't for the most part.
Also: Be careful with the rent thing. My cousin did something similar (he paid for his rent by doing maintenance work) and it was all good until there was a problem and he realized he was (stupidly) doing this all under the table and most of the protections granted by a lease didn't apply. If everything is happening above the table then, by all means, that is pretty awesome. But if it isn't, be very very careful.
@_date: 2014-12-01 13:38:51


Is there any documentation on how they get their keys? Because googling they don't come up in any of the lists of approved resellers from a quick googling, and all I find on their site is "we are legit because we are legit" which may be true or may be comparable to those "READ ME FIRST.TXT" files folk put in their shares on the warez hubs, heh.


Rebellion have also done a LOT of shady shit over the years. My point is that there is a precedent for keys to get revoked, hence why people need to be wary.


My understanding is that was more oriented toward the end user than a company, but the issue of extracting the keys from the boxes (Altering the SKU and, in the case of stuff with "free DLC" splitting the license) is still a lot of wiggle room. Either way though, this once more gets into the grey area of volume and the like.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:12:47
It depends on if the Japanese courts rule that the bitcoins have a cash value. I haven't really been following this too closely, have they already done so?
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:36:41
One could probably make the argument that supporting the "less than peaceful" protests of the past few years counts, but that gets into the VERY murky territory of "when does it become terrorism?"
The money laundering is much easier to argue though since tumblers are pretty much textbook money laundering and one of the things that are often argued as an advantage of bitcoin, anonymity, is also, essentially, money laundering.
They might not be what bitcoin is about (although, VERY arguable considering the kind of discussions that pop-up), but they are definitely what it has become associated with. Which is why Gates suggests making a new currency that has the benefits while also having safeguards to avoid these problems.
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:53:45
I am a native english speaker and I have no idea what a definite or indefinite article are and I regularly misspell words like misspell (heh) and I will NEVER be able to spell the words committee or parallelize without autocorrect.
All of your arguments hinge on the following:
* The same amount of effort (or comparable effort) is put into both emails
As you yourself said, he might very well have just gotten a friend or a colleague to help him correct his english. Or he just spent a long-ass time figuring out the proper grammar and what not.
This neither proves nor disproves anything. If you start comparing casual emails you have a much better argument, but I don't believe there ARE any non-professional missives available to compare against.
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:53:42
I posted this a few weeks back, but I'll say it again:
Bitcoin, like it or not, is a very interesting concept in terms of technology and social issues. Plus, it is really interesting as it is effectively hitting all the major points society had to hit to get conventional currencies working (which is hilarious, by the way)
But there are definite flaws with the approach and a lot of what the community is advocating are the things that will actually get bitcoin killed. Fully anonynmous transactions and a way to mask where funds came from? That is money laundering. A way to bypass taxes and tariffs and the like: That is something governments around the world care about. A way to fund political groups trying to overthrow a corrupt regime: Uhm, do I need to even SAY why that one can be a dealbreaker?
Here is the thing. If all you want is a circlejerk where people use "We got all our money stolen, just view it as donating to charity" as an argument for WHY bitcoin, good luck. Because people have opinions, and things like that are where the people who "obviously do not like the concept of bitcoin" are going to comment to try and keep some perspective.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:18:45
Again, the issue is not the medium being used, but the action and the liability.
You could just as easily have someone standing outside of a pub saying "Give me one hundred dollars and I will give you change". And hey, that is wonderful. But if the cops do an investigation and prove that he is knowingly helping bank robbers swap out sequential bills, he is screwed.
Again, what matters is liability and what can be proven. And I doubt there is a court in all the lands who will take "I just wanted people to obfuscate where they got their incomes. How was I supposed to know people would use it to obfuscate the fact that their money is illegally obtained?" as a defense.
Again, it is just like owning a bar and having an "anything goes" basement. Some people just want to go down there so they can be alone and not have people watching them. But once people start using it for illegal activities, the owner of that bar is liable.
And you cite youtube: you DO realize the recent big kerfluffle over making it easier for copyright holders to get stuff taken down is related to this, right? If youtube is not making an active effort to take down the "bad" stuff, they are actively allowing it to be up.
So again, a tumbler and the like could work if due diligence is done to ensure that the people using it are respectable and that their income sources are respectable. At which point you are no longer really anonymizing anything.
@_date: 2014-11-30 23:13:58
Basically, the dude has said he just takes the keys out of retail boxes.
That is a VERY legally grey area and it basically involves the folks running this bot acting as non-approved key resellers, which mean all of those keys can be revoked if the rights holders care enough (probably won't, but Rebellion sure had a laugh with Sniper Elite).
Also, from a legal standpoint, pretty sure the bot runners can't do this legally as they are selling retail products internationally as a business without having the proper licenses and junk. Yay for bitcoin muddying up paper trails and revenue streams, right?
All in all: I REALLY get the feeling this is just another shady key reseller that is taking advantage of the bitcoin hype train as it becomes clear that the industry is starting to actually care about this (think of this as the tail end of the napster/kazaa era when the letters started going out, just instead of a few folk getting made examples we have very simple mechanisms for widespread key revocation)
Also, like I said, this REALLY isn't the kind of thing you want bitcoin associated with if you folk really do care about it being a legitimate currency as this is just more "Yay, I can get around various laws by using bitcoin. This is TOTALLY something you would do with a legitimate currency". But that gets into "the good of the X over the good of the consumer", and key resellers like this (well, not THIS one since they charge pretty high rates for a reseller, but the cheap ones that people use to get games cheap) are good for the consumers in the short run, and you can't really expect folk to care about the long run (and in my time as a periodic lurker here, most folk here ALSO don't care about the long run, which is a shame). Just bear in mind that this is more "silk road" than "ebay marketplace", and that reddit actually IS one of the social media sites publishers and valve visit.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:18:24
That is essentially what money laundering is. 
The inherent act of using a tumbler is not illegal. It is the same as using a jar to make change for the coffee machine. But imagine the following
1. This is done at a large scale. To my understanding, most tumblers did this just so that the tumblers would work
2. At least one person is using it for money obtained illegally. Think Silk Road profits
3. It is determined that the people operating the tumbler had reason to believe that this was being used for less than legal purposes
Suddenly the operators are boned horribly. And arguably the other users of the tumbler.
And while everyone likes to pretend that bitcoin is super duper awesome and honorable and not at all used for illegal stuff, that often isn't the case. And this is a case where it actually DOES just take one person to ruin it for everyone.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:51:18
So if my company goes out of business and I file for bankrupcy, the empty Mayo jar in the breakroom that i washed out and re-sealed is going to be going up for auction on the grounds that it contains magic air? And even if we say I bought that mayo and the bread and the ham with company funds, at which point do we no longer consider it to be an asset of the company? Yes, I just made a poop joke, heh.
Again, we all understand that bitcoins are money. The legal system may not. That is the key difference. Depending on how rulings go, that may actually just be a bad investment or completely lost money. Hopefully there have either already been rulings on the subject or there will be soon and hopefully they will be logical. But the courts around the world have a long history of making less than logical decisions...
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:18:24
No casing according to a quick google 
And yeah, that sounds weird. But also think about it: What is the likelihood that a hitman is going to take just the casing or dig the bullet out while leaving a loaded gun?
Occam's Razor, a rat grabbed it or the cops just didn't do a super thorough investigation
And another reason to not grab the money that I didn't think of before: Maybe he just wasn't stupid and didn't want to get reamed up the butt by the IRS and the US Goverment when he tried to convert Magic Money to fiat.
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:56:25
Yes, Satoshi always could have sold the coins with no warning at all. But they haven't and the coins are basically static and don't matter.
Think about it like this: You live in a fairly well off neighborhood and the houses up for rent are cheap. You COULD get an influx of poorly behaved low income folk who would literally smear feces on the wall and kill your pets, but the odds of that happening is very slim. Then, one day, Jim Bob Smith and his forty children move in down the street with three rusty pick up trucks parked on the lawn.
People are going to start thinking about moving out while property values are still good. Renters are going to worry about their landlords raising the prices to keep the riffraff out. And so forth
In theory, nothing changed. Maybe Jim Bob is a one off and you could have had a swarm any time. But now you have to actually deal with it.
@_date: 2016-05-03 22:30:40
Working through that backwards
We have two years of a persona. Maybe he was that persona, maybe he wasn't. Upholding a persona for years is not something too hard. Look at any celebrity that hasn't shifted into full on meltdown mode
As for the initial knowledge and manifesto: Anyone can write anything. Just look at any internet troll. Hell, doesn't 4chan have an entire board dedicated to people figuring out the best stories to post to reddit so that they get gold and upvotes (generally involving an evil woman screwing over a single father...). When you are pushing a new pseudo-currency to The Internet crowd you build it up as political rebellion as we have an entire generation of folk who are angry that they won't get to tell the same stories their parents do. Maybe they didn't march with Dr King but they at least got to bang a chick in a tent in the park while fighting against The One Percenters.
Understanding basic economic theory: Again, not super hard. And people's concern over inflation has been known for as long as money has been a thing. Hell, it was one of the big factors that led to WW2.
Look, I get that you want to think the best of Mr Bitcoin. But all we have is a bunch of text from a fairly intelligent person. And all attributing greater meaning and deification does is lead to wonderful things like Mac explaining how he read through the lines and that The Master said No Gays (and that Thin Mints were okay to eat).
Focus on the creation, not the person.
@_date: 2016-05-03 20:26:43
Or he was waiting for a good opportunity to cash out, pyramid scam style. Then things exploded ("to the moon") which made moving the money difficult/triggered greed for wanting more.
As for dying sick and poor: It has been a while since I read the original Wright article that mentioned him, but he was very ill by then, right? Might have decided he would rather die in peace than put up with all the crap that would erupt from cashing out. Or the money actually IS in a trust.
The point is that you can deify whoever you want, and this community seems to view Mr Bitcoin as the second coming of Christ. But you can just as easily view him as a bitter and greedy man. Or Rainman. Or whatever you want. And you can make whatever narrative you want from that mess.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:40:19
To this, I raise you zip disks and laserdisc and the virtual boy. Sometimes things that seem like a good idea at the time (everything but zip disks...) might not necessarily go anywhere and later crop up in really awesome form a few years down the line. Or they continue to fail horribly and just die out due to better ideas (zip disk!).
Teething issues and problems aren't a sign of success, but they also aren't a sure-sign of failure. They are a sign of a need for caution, and that is it.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:51:48
Kind of missing the point there, but fine:
Myspace and all the other social networking sites that aren't Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, and MAYBE Google Plus
Sega as a hardware manufacturer. They continued to evolve with every console release but still failed for various reasons (and Nintendo is probably on the way...)
Again, not saying bitcoin is going to fail horribly (although, personally, I don't have a lot of faith) but to pretend that having problems is a sign of future success is just inane. You can definitely say that it might overcome these teething issues, but to pretend they are a sign of future success and adoption defies logic.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:16:08
The people behind Oculus Rift?
Any kid who saw the commercials or saw them in a toy store. Not to be confused with any kid who actually tried one at the toy store and realized it didn't work and could give you a headache in nothing flat.