@_author: gus_
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:46:38


Ironically, central bank *machinations* are probably the main reason gold has much value in the modern era. We're smart enough to realize that gold is not money, but central banks operate based on rules and often have outdated/grandfathered rules that allow them to treat gold as if it were money, so they can do some 'off-the-books' deficit fiscal injections by buying gold for new reserves (that neither counts against the deficit nor counts as fiscal policy).
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:09:10
The argument "not everyone should expect to make money from having a website" is not the same as "everyone with a website should not expect to make money with it". So the distinction is that it's a pipedream for just anyone to decide that their website is a business, with expectations of profit.
@_date: 2014-12-18 10:32:35
In the spirit of thought experiments, I'd start a little higher: why do you want such a perfect store of [increasing] value to exist? Frankly it's anti-social to be obsessed with gaining and preserving wealth beyond reason.
@_date: 2014-04-10 09:43:13
The incorrect grammar nazi, best type.
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:40:02
The euro is really not an example you want to bring up when talking about bitcoin. That has been a trainwreck, a system practically designed to fail. Off the top of my head, an analogy might be that the EMU was an attempt to upgrade a top athlete into a state-of-the-art cyborg. They used all of the flashiest materials &amp; weaponry (central bank with complex monetary policy tools run by the finest technocrats), but figured the heart &amp; brain (fiscal entity with democratic control) were useless, and ended up with a bloodless (nothing to really pump the euros as needed) monstrosity dying an embarrassing death. Modern technological optimism combined with listening to and promoting bad economics due to an irrational, overriding fear of inflation. Wait that sounds too familiar for comfort...
@_date: 2014-04-03 22:27:04




















So you went from posting image macro submissions in default subs like and to posting to that you are often explaining the intricacies of money to people? Then after being downvoted and corrected, and among a ton of people trying to correct each other about money, you edited OP to add the most conspiratorial videos offered down the thread, even if they were debunked after being linked to?
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:35:16
Well what do you mean by pay back? Forever into the future of the current system, whenever bonds mature, the fed needs to decrease the holder's savings account and increase their checking account by that amount.
People are confused by the fed &amp; treasury selling bonds because we still call it "borrowing" and call that "the national debt", terms which are basically historical artifacts from previous systems like the gold standard. With a pure fiat currency with a floating exchange rate, the currency issuer (US government, same with UK, Japan, etc.) is not revenue constrained and thus has no need for actual borrowing. They spend money into existence, and collect taxes to drain some money out so it retains value and doesn't inflate (like a MMORPG gold sink concept).
They sell interest-bearing securities (t-bills, fed bonds) as a purely monetary operation now: acting as a giant sponge, the bonds drain the liquidity / excess reserves from the system at any given time. This is to maintain a non-0 interest rate (would go to 0 if they left all the massive reserves sitting in the banks' checking accounts at the central bank), and the fed targets whatever interest rate they feel is appropriate for the economy (overnight rate). Although now that they just pay interest on reserves (IOR) directly, it transparently shows that we no longer really need to sell any US bonds and can abolish that anachronistic policy anyway (no more "national debt", our grandchildren can celebrate!)
@_date: 2014-04-26 06:58:41
'Just lost your life savings? Tough break man, have you thought about buying more bitcoins?'
@_date: 2014-04-10 09:51:56


But not too much, or you realize that people's dislike of "fiat" state money is really irrational, and poor predictions for state money lead to serious over-enthusiasm for alternatives.
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:00:09
Yeah this article was rather strange. It kept going on talking about the benefits of bitcoin as if Assange was describing that, but most weren't in quotes. Maybe they didn't get him recorded and were paraphrasing, but it didn't give off a 'journalism' vibe.
@_date: 2014-04-11 05:48:37










Really hoping you're just doing a character and it's not really tragic reality...
@_date: 2014-04-25 10:42:31
So the concept is: if governments move from fiat to a less powerful/versatile currency without as much policy space available, then that diminished policy space might make wars harder to fund. Well yeah, that could be a good outcome (if correct), but there are plenty of terrible outcomes that go with it. Most people in the world would probably consider this throwing the baby out with the bathwater. A ridiculous analogy is offered: if changing currency could cure cancer, wouldn't you do it? What about curing war? Here the concept of a 'cure' is just vastly different and the analogy falls apart instantly.
As far as these guys moralizing about how the left aren't the quality they used to be, and socialists should really be pro-bitcoin because the poor are screwed by the lack of a bank or credit card, and would be saved by bitcoin....it should be way more embarassing to say this stuff when you know you're being filmed.
@_date: 2014-11-11 12:56:03
I don't think they're confused at all, and suggest that most people on the internet are confused about money.
The relevant relationship is that commodities are *priced* in money/currency. Have you ever seen something priced in bitcoin? Bitcoin is a commodity, priced in other real currencies, and that price swings massively (based on the preference of holding bitcoin, not based on fluctuation of the value of the pricing currency). After buying bitcoin with money, maybe some vendors could be willing to barter commodity for commodity, and they'll base their valuation on the current money-to-bitcoin price.
Currencies &amp; money have always been 'fiat', because that's what they are: credit/debt relationships of value to an IOU issuer declaring the stated redemption value. The concept of "commodity currency" is usually a confusion of history, or to be generous, a shorthand way of saying the IOU is ultimately redeemable for a stated commodity. But that convertibility promise is still stated &amp; upheld on the issuer's whim 'by fiat'.
"Given the choice", people hold their savings in whatever makes sense, and artificial scarcity is only one incomplete factor in determining savings value. "All else being equal" is the massive clause, to the point of being a useless statement.
@_date: 2014-03-23 21:16:05


Your style is one of conviction, but it isn't clear yet that you know what you're talking about. The government doesn't have to force you to use anything, they just create massive demand for their specific currency by only accepting tax payments in it. Feel free to try barter with anyone or use alternative currencies if anyone accepts it. But if you make enough income that you owe taxes, you better find some USD or you're gonna have a bad time if you get audited. And if it ever was too difficult to tax income, the government can switch to more harsh per-person taxes and we'll all be worse off.
Also almost all money usage in the US already isn't using official US dollars. The vast majority of transactions are just swapping around bank deposit accounts, which are a level of abstraction beyond official US dollars. They're denominated in dollars and pegged 1:1, plus fully insured &amp; regulated, so they're basically a reasonable proxy for dollars. But the government really doesn't care if you're using official currency coins &amp; bills or not.
For the "value of the dollar" hypothetical you're talking about in terms of world trade, that's a matter of forex pricing, so the impact is exports/imports and not inflation/deflation. It will not lose value within the country to the citizens who are required to pay taxes in USD.
You can't just casually opt out of the currency as an 'unconsenting' citizen. You'd have to be talking about full revolution and getting rid of the state's core monopoly on violence (thus ability to force tax payment).
@_date: 2014-11-11 18:32:53
Money is the credit/debt financial relationship where value is owed by the issuer to the holder. The physical (or digital) *thing* that this IOU is written on is just the means of representing it; it's no more money than a pen and parchment are the constitution. In financial accounting terms, a commodity is simply an asset for the holder; money and other financial assets are simultaneously assets for the holder and liabilities of the issuer.
Gold by itself is simply a commodity, and is not and has never been money. If gold coins are used as money, they are money based on what image/symbol/word is stamped into them and what that represents. You can argue that being made out of a physical commodity helps boost the acceptance of that form of money (because you can always melt it down and have the gold even if the issuer reneges), but it doesn't change the fact that the *money* is the nominal stamped/stated value.
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:29:47
So we need to make blue collar work 'cool' again with guidance counselors? Or maybe if they can't fill positions that 'nobody wants' they should offer more money and/or do the training themselves? This tends to be bullshit when companies complain about culture when they can't fill positions instead of checking themselves.
@_date: 2014-03-23 22:07:39
The whole 'dollar will plummet' is just doomer masturbation, not evidence-based analysis. If every other currency in the world already aren't the 'reserve currency', then try applying your analysis to them. No serious analyst has real predictions for high USD inflation. And again, the US controls how much it taxes &amp; spends. If you ever do start to get inflation, you just raise taxes or reduce spending, and instantly force the dollar to be worth more to pay people with. Again, it only fails if literally citizens all together 'choose' to get rid of the whole paradigm, not just casually start using bitcoins or whatever. MMT is just a description of reality, grounded both in logic &amp; history, so it can't be a 'failure' in any sense you've raised.
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:58:49
Great post. For those interested in more detail on money's legal &amp; structural history and how money/liability hierarchies work here's a good seminar (skippable 15 min intro): [Money as a hierarchical system: legal and economic perspectives](
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:25:24
So the main points are 
- that the goldsmith tale of money history is made up based on those like adam smith guessing (before modern anthropology/archaeology)
- the stuff about money created as debt with interest meaning there's never enough money to pay the interest is a basic mixup of economic stocks &amp; flows. This among others leads to the classic quote that "economics is the science of confusing stocks with flows"
- fraction reserve systems are possible, but haven't been used in quite a long time. Modern banks lend money into existence and then get the required reserves after (up to 2 weeks after the fact in the US). So bank money is constrained by demand of credit-worthy borrowers, not by a static amount of base reserves with a money multiplier.
Here's a video including debunking both the mainstream (deposits create loans) &amp; populist (debt can't be repaid) views: [Credit Money: How it Works and Why it Fails](
@_date: 2014-09-15 18:19:26
For everything else, there's mastercard
@_date: 2014-11-11 18:49:26
What was demonstrated as false?
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:11:17
They generally follow the cable news channels' topics, and those have been talking about mt gox. A small segment this far into the existence of bitcoin shouldn't lead you to believe anything about how they see it or see their audience.
@_date: 2014-03-23 15:52:53
So you linked to MMT, but you still said that a traditional floating fiat currency can "come crashing down" and fail? 
The system at its very core is that as long as a state has power, it can make up a money unit of account, impose tax obligations on the citizenry in that unit of account, and then offer jobs that pay in their money (which they have monopoly "printing press" power to create). Thus you have a system that creates a universal demand for the state's money (going to jail for tax evasion sucks), and the state can regulate the amount spent into existence and taxed out of existence in order to avoid high inflation or deflation to the best of their ability, and gets to choose what goods &amp; services it directly promotes through budgeting its spending.
How does currency competition or anything else threaten that core structure? It's not a game of musical chairs that relies on panicked perpetual motion; it's rather a system based at the core on the state's monopoly on violence, which can be less barbaric in a stable system.
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:21:48
It was the appropriate response to someone saying that not every website owner should expect the public to pay their operating costs, and then you responding with your only example being reddit (one of the largest and most user-driven sites in the world) and asking about their server costs &amp; business model. Reddit is an obvious exception, along with plenty of other good websites where it's their entire business. The previous user's point wasn't about those.
@_date: 2014-05-12 04:17:55
No you're completely correct. 
The instance where Bernanke tells Pelley that 


was when it came out that the fed had lent trillions to the banks during the crisis. This is pretty standard and expected, where the central bank acts as the lender of last resort to the other banks during a crisis. Some people have complained about the ridiculous rates offered in these emergency loans, but it's still a different matter. And he's right that it's not exactly the same as what we normally mean by printing money, because it's being "loaned into existence" by a bank, rather than "spent into existence" by the treasury. Every loan made by any individual also 'creates money from thin air', but on net it's neutral because each actor gets an asset and a matching liability.
The second quote:


is referring to the policy of Quantitative Easing. And here again, Bernanke is completely correct. What they're doing is purely an asset swap on the bank balance sheets: debiting their securities account balance (savings account at the fed), and crediting their reserve account balance (checking account at the fed). Now if you include the balances of reserve accounts in your concept of the "money supply" and don't include government bonds, then yeah you will see a huge increase in your defined "money supply" (like the graph at the end of OP's video). However, that's just an effect of your definition. The reality is that reserve accounts at the fed do not go into the real economy, and thus do not affect inflation or circulating money supply.
Now I agree with the heterodox economists who say that QE and monetary policy (rather than real fiscal stimulus) won't help anyway, so it's pretty useless (and could possibly be a masked way of saving banks from some fraudulent or toxic securities on their books, though not a significant amount of QE could be this). But it's at least worthwhile to not get suckered into believing the intense rhetoric about how the fed is inflating away your grandchildrens' futures or whatever.
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:23:26
You might need an MRI, that was total word salad
@_date: 2014-02-14 08:41:56
Casinos are pretty popular.
@_date: 2014-11-14 09:08:18
Spoken as someone who doesn't really understand money. The so-called "middle-man" of 5000 years of money (the one whose IOU it is) is the one granting that IOU a nominal stated value. So people transacting with it don't have to barter by deciding how much they value the asset on that given day, they just accept the nominal value if they both trust the issuer is still good for it.
With bitcoin you're bartering, because it's not an IOU/money (no one on the liability side). Want to sell your couch for bitcoin, how do you price it? You price it in actual currency and then do a conversion based on current prices for bitcoin (which will vary widely over time based on speculation), unless you want to try your hand at bartering by pricing in btc based on your current preference to hold bitcoin (and who knows how you came up with that price).
@_date: 2014-03-13 18:32:42
And you could then actually sell it sans video card and the poor sap will have no recourse!
@_date: 2015-01-13 23:22:33
Actually QE is just an asset swap: the fed buys your previously held bonds, you get reserves. So your whole concept of money printing and implications needs some rethinking there. When the bank moves $1000 from your savings account to your checking account, would you say they just gave you $1000, that needs to be eventually 'unwound'?
@_date: 2015-01-14 04:18:46


That doesn't follow as a conclusion of what you said. When we talk about "borrowing money", it's a shorthand explanation for the result of the process, but look at the process: where does the treasury security come from? It begins life as a signed IOU by the treasury as a promise to pay (just an IOU created from nothing but pen &amp; paper or computer account entry). [Then it's 'sold']( or exchanged for reserves from the buyer (so-called 'lender'), and notice that reserves are just another type of financial IOU (issued by the central bank). 
That's not quite the same thing as lending a physical ladder to your neighbor; these are all a series of financial assets/liabilities where different people/institutions hold others' debt that they've issued, and it's transferred around. The 'borrowing' process is an asset swap, one type of liability for another.


I was really just stating the underlying logic of the system that money is a financial liability of an issuer, and must be issued (act of pure creation) before it exists at all. Here now you're getting into the weeds of the institutional arrangements of the US, which is fair enough, such as self-imposed restraints on the current legal Fed operations defined in the Federal Reserve Act. 
Basically they're restricted by law to what we think of monetary rather than fiscal authorities, which currently includes *lending* money/reserves into existence (rather than spending money into existence), *swapping* newly issued reserves for equivalent value other assets such as bonds, and buying foreign currencies or gold with newly issued reserves.
Congress could change the FRA tomorrow and give the Fed some fiscal stimulus authority to create reserves and directly pay them out to all citizens (a process as simple as crediting the citizen's bank account while the banks credit the person's checking account). That's just showing the logic of how money is a system of scorekeeping credit/debt relationships through accounting.
You're right though that when the Fed lends reserves into existence ([just increasing numbers in their spreadsheet]( as a matter of underwriting and regulatory control they may require some collateral, but that's certainly not always collateralized $1 for $1 (unless in the case of [repos]( which serve their own specific functions). But it's not very clear for you to say that the collateral is 'swapped' for the reserves and is considered 'backing' the money....the lending is an act of creation, first and foremost. 
An example of the Fed 'lending money into existence' would be during the early part of the GFC where they appear to have lent over $25 trillion to the banks as 'lender of last resort'. QE on the other hand is an example of 'swapping reserves into existence', where the Fed is buying up bonds by decreasing (debiting) securities accounts and increasing (crediting) reserve accounts.
@_date: 2015-01-14 01:03:25
You have to look deeper into what you're referring to as 'money'. In the case of commercial banks, when we say they can create money out of nothing, we're referring to demand deposits as 'money'. Well of course they can create that from nothing; those are *their own* liabilities, and anyone can issue their own liabilities.
When we say the Fed can print money or create money from thin air, that's shorthand for saying they can increase numbers in reserve accounts. Well yeah, reserves are liabilities of the Fed, so of course logically they can issue them and they can't come from anywhere else.
So ultimately a lot of confusion comes from not investigating our shorthand of 'money'. And economists/bankers/policy-makers have gone through many iterations of creating monetary aggregates to be a little more precise in what exactly they're talking about (whether M0, M1, M6, etc.). Many of those creations were by the monetarists in the 70's trying to come up with some aggregate that would provide a more direct link between 'money' supply and inflation, but couldn't get one. 
One of the biggest missing pieces from the traditional money aggregates would be treasury securities (highly liquid government liabilities that pay a little interest), which aren't actually much different than reserves (highly liquid government liabilities that pay a little interest) when you look closer. And thus that QE asset swap between treasury securities and reserves is so confusing to people. In the end the fed is 'holding' treasury securities, which is like your right pocket 'owing' your left pocket some money (treasury pays interest to fed, fed remits it right back to treasury).
@_date: 2015-01-13 23:45:59
Yeah, but that's what money *is*: a transferable financial liability denominated in some unit of account. Where do bonds come from? They are "created out of thin air" from the issuer. Same with fed liabilities (reserves &amp; paper cash), treasury liabilities (various bonds, coins), bank liabilities (demand deposit accounts, savings accounts, CDs, etc.). All created as a liability of an issuer, held as an asset of the holder/'bearer'.
If you use an arbitrary definition of what constitutes 'money' in the aggregate that includes reserves but doesn't include treasury securities, you're going to get pretty confused and say wrong stuff like plenty of people did since 2008 and what this guy just wrote a paragraph about.
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:45:04
That's just as much misinformation as anything else. Basically this whole thread is a delicious shitshow of everyone "explaining" money to everyone else while getting parts wrong.
@_date: 2015-08-13 15:32:54


That's not nonsense, it's a public policy debate for how to maximize the overall welfare of society. It's not some natural obvious conclusion that 'creators' get to forever own ideas or ordering of words (or digital 1's &amp; 0's) once they have been first sold/distributed into the public knowledge. We have *chosen* to have government-granted temporary monopoly publishing rights, and they have always been debated over how to balance incentivizing 1st-generation creators without unduly penalizing the rest of society's access &amp; 2nd/3rd generation creators building on the creativity of that 1st generation. And over whether this should apply to *commercial* publishing or to every amateur sharing (harsher toward the latter since 1998 DMCA). And being in an age of 0 marginal cost of copying everything digitally, the debate is that much more pertinent.
@_date: 2015-07-27 04:27:36
What do you mean enforceable value? The money system is essentially a bunch of spreadsheets of accounts. Just values denominated in whatever chosen unit of measurement. It doesn't need to be decentralized.
@_date: 2015-07-27 04:48:48
Well if they're IOUs of the government, then they can be used to pay taxes. And the government can start denominating tax obligations in their new unit of account, which drives the value just like any fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-07-03 06:47:34
Well even theoretically, the point of moving out of money and into a real commodity such as gold is that the commodity will always be priced in real terms (so inflation doesn't matter). Greece's whole problem is that they use the euro which *doesn't have* the typical pressure-release valve of external revaluation (foreign exchange rates) or internal revaluation (inflation). 
If anything, the current situation is a self-reinforcing fear of lack of liquidity (and just general uncertainty over the future); not worry over the value of the euro. So people want their euros in cash rather than bank accounts, while the banks have to restrict this bank run to only move in slow-motion, while they convert reserves into physical cash. Gold is a terrible solution for liquidity purposes, because you don't conduct trade with gold bars (far more likely is setting up local currencies out of pure trust-based accounting, which they are indeed doing). 
A more valid argument would have been "I bet there are a lot of Greeks saying, 'I wish I had moved from euro bank deposits to euro cash earlier.'" The turn to gold here is just wishful thinking by a fellow goldbug.
@_date: 2015-07-03 03:54:39


This is just the boilerplate collapse/doomer "I told you so" fantasy, which you can find all over the place in that community as the core motivation. They really want the world to go to shit so they can be vindicated in moral/prophetic/iamverysmart victory over those who mocked them.


This statement is perfect. It's absolutely not true that Greeks wish they had been goldbugs all this time, but it's certainly true that Jim Rickards "bets" they wish that.
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:00:58
They're non-convertible financial liabilities, which is to say that they don't promise to pay anything. Just IOUs in the abstract, which are able to be used to cancel out debt for debt.
@_date: 2015-04-17 03:29:41


Well it's not the *house* that is partially a liability. The house is purely an asset (non-financial) of the owner. Meanwhile if you bought that house with a mortgage loan, it's the *mortgage* which is your financial liability (and the bank's financial asset). So if you have a $200k house and a $150k mortgage, you know that $50k *of* your personal equity/capital is currently from your house asset.


It seems to me that a forward contract is basically the two sides *both* issuing financial liabilities that the other side holds as financial assets. The seller issues/creates a product obligation, which the buyer records as a product receivable. The buyer issues/creates a contract payable, which the seller records as a contract receivable. So the forward contract itself is not called a financial asset.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:57:47
Nope, you don't get to ask the government to redeem them for a TV or room in the white house or anything. They can swap their various financial liabilities for each other, kind of like a change machine I guess.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:38:37
@_date: 2015-04-21 19:56:03


Right, that's QE: swapping reserves for securities.


Oh yeah they definitely do print currency literally. It's just as demanded by the private sector (if banks need more cash for customers, they ask their fed bank for a shipment of physical cash while their reserve account gets debited by that same amount). So basically the fed is *accommodating* the private sector's endogenous demand, and you can see that the nominal amount of currency in circulation is just on [a steady, slight incline over time]( Bernanke's point was more saying that people calling QE an explosion of "printing money" were wrong if taken literally.
@_date: 2015-04-22 07:13:41


Ah nope, just google image searching 


Sure, reserves come from nowhere, but then the treasuries they purchase essentially go to 'nowhere' in exchange. To everyone outside of the Fed, we see the loss of one asset and the gain of another, of equal value. It's like if you ask your bank to move your savings account to a checking account: the checking account balance "comes from nowhere" and the savings account balance disappears. Reserves and treasury securities are literally two types of accounts kept on a spreadsheet at the federal reserve (numbers on a computer system), and can be seen as fancy names for checking &amp; saving accounts at the central bank.


That's true, and has always been the case (government being self-financing in all spending it does). Treasury "borrowing" operations are an illusion, and are essentially just a government policy choice to subsidize savings (choosing to pay interest to people who can shift their reserves into treasury securities, 'checking' into 'savings'). 
Congress passed self-imposed restraints against the Fed directly 'monetizing' the treasury/deficit. But they always get around this by contracting primary dealers to always bid on treasuries, and the Fed will always provide those dealers with reserves to purchase the treasuries using repos. [Here's Eccles (the first chairman of the Fed) in 1947 testifying to Congress]( that they should not re-instate this self-imposed restraint (which had been lifted during WW2) because it was pointless (but Congress did anyway).


Yeah looks like it. But remember this is purely a nominal chart with linear scale. Inflation exists, and GDP is constantly growing, so if you contextualized the nominal currency figures using either of these as denominators, you'd get a more clear picture (both are typical for contextualizing figures to avoid just seeing everything in economics as stupid 'hockey-stick' exponential charts).


Yeah the 2012 figures do look pretty weird. I'd be interested to hear what was going on there. I see in '99 it spiked as well, so maybe Y2K and mayan doom prophecies played some funny role. Again remember, the Fed isn't choosing how much to print; they're accommodating public preference in how much cash to hold vs. reserves / demand deposits.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:43:55
Yeah the term "financial" *means* it's simultaneously an asset for the holder and liability for the issuer. So maybe one can say "TIL: Bitcoin isn't a financial asset!"
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:30:18


Sounds like this is your own mental hangup, and not one most people share. So your technicality is only relevant for this definition of words (and this particular definition is itself the cause of your 'not enough money to go around' problem).
@_date: 2015-04-23 06:22:07


Well again, they're just creating their own debt / IOUs, which are then extinguished when anyone redeems that 'new money' for the reserves/cash. Same thing happens whenever anyone writes a check: you write an amount and your signature on a goofy slip of paper, and use this as purchasing power with anyone who will trust it. While it exists, the check-writer has increased their outstanding financial liabilities which someone now holds as an asset, but when they redeem it, the money created (that check) is subsequently destroyed.


Profits are an accounting flow, rather than any stock 'thing', so it's a little unclear to say they're 'entering the economy'. That sounds dangerously like the confusion people have like "if all money is created as debt with interest, then there isn't enough money to ever pay it all back".


I'm not sure I follow you on this one. Banks create "money" when they increase their own debt (increased balances in accounts held there / claims against the bank). The treasury and the other banks aren't interested in holding basic accounts at some random commercial bank, so these big players in sovereign debt transact using *central bank* IOUs (reserves). When they're using reserves, they're not creating any money. (To be accurate the Treasury does hold TT&amp;L accounts at commercial banks, but these are used for more nuanced purposes).
In any case the central bank does practically directly monetize the government debt, although they add a few steps in the middle to abide by the Federal Reserve Act self-imposed constraints. The Fed repo lends money (if needed) to their contracted primary dealers who are obligated to bid at all treasury auctions, and then the Fed can buy back any treasuries from those middle-men dealers immediately afterward. 
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:39:47
Tax credit. Or stated another more general way, you cancel out your debt to them with their debt to you.
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:36:47
His crystal clear chart wasn't very convincing to you?
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:31:13
It's just abstract value that is owed, which is made clearly concrete by the fact that basically everyone in the country owes taxes (obligations that can only be discharged by turning the government's abstract IOUs back in to them). 


You're going with some gut / common-sensical / childish notion of "debt", which you're free to do, but don't think you're making any great point. A non-convertible financial liability / IOU can exist just fine; the trick is getting it accepted for goods/services.
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:35:32


I don't have any inside info to say if it's accurate or not. But that link is quite specific in stating that the direct correspondent banking agreement system was just a thought-experiment, and that central banking is actually the way to get "Real Time – happens instantly", "Gross – no netting (otherwise it couldn’t be instant)", and "Settlement – with finality; no reversals" for transactions between commercial banks directly. 
Only when you're talking about 3rd party services like visa and ACH does this article say that netting happens in the real world. Now maybe you can say that these are heavily used for sales throughout the economy, which I agree with. But the original context you brought it up for (commercial bank lending creating money) doesn't seem to have any application.


Yeah I'm completely on board that banks create broad money, and the BoE has been very clear in their explanations. My only point is that what we're calling 'money' in this case is literally the demand deposit accounting liabilities on the balance sheet of the commercial banks. So you want to shy away from thinking of this as some kind of magical alchemy, where banks are cooking up money in their basement like a mad scientist, which they then just 'have' or get to 'lend out'. 
The bank is just promising to pay their customer on demand, in exchange for the customer promising to pay the bank the same amount plus interest over time (loan) or in exchange for the customer giving the bank the government's IOU (cash/reserves). So in any case it's an IOU swap, and we only colloquially call the commercial bank's IOU as part of 'money' aggregates (while the loan customer's IOU is an asset for the bank, but rarely do we call that money).
The primary restraint on bank lending is, first &amp; foremost, credit-worthy borrowers coming in the door and asking for credit. So that's why anyone talking about fractional reserve money multipliers doesn't fully know what they're talking about. You can have no reserve requirements and 0% discount rate, and banks still might not be able to lend if the economy sucks and people don't want to borrow. The primary regulatory restraint on bank lending is capital requirements, so basically the asset-side of the balance sheet rather than the liability-side (reserve constraint). And I agree with what you wrote about asset bubbles, overly-valued financial collateral, and moral hazard of bailouts.
@_date: 2015-04-21 16:53:56


Yeah that's all he was saying. It was just as an aside, based on the chart he was showing, he took as a chance to make a joke or a jab at the anachronistic terminology of "printing money".


Well he's being very precise in everything he's saying. What you choose to call "money" is on you, and hopefully you choose a useful framing for the analysis you want to do. For example, if you count central bank liabilities (reserves) in your chosen "money" aggregate, but you don't count treasury securities, then you've chosen a terribly useless framing when you try to analyze QE: it looks like a massive creation of money that will surely destroy the economy.


Yeah that's the perfect framing. As it turns out, most of the securities actually were fine. But at the point of crisis, the system was seizing up and the Fed stepped in as lender of last resort and flooded everyone with trustworthy liquidity in asset-swaps and loans, and successfully got out of that acute crisis where no one was sure they could value existing securities. The Fed definitely overpaid for some rotten MBS in QE1, and played a bit of a fiscal bailout role there, but the vast majority of the securities involved throughout QE turned out to be stable and valuable in the end (unfortunately I don't have any saved sources to link).
@_date: 2015-04-18 22:29:31










Doesn't seem like you realize this, but you just linked to the BoE debunking what you subsequently wrote:










@_date: 2015-04-20 20:20:15
From this very link, after describing the idea of correspondent banking agreements:


Instead it goes on to describe a central bank as the real answer for banks to interact with each other with no netting, while intermediate systems like Paypal and Visa do work through internal deferred netting.


The 'money' referred to is the banking sector's own liability, so it's a little unclear what nefarious activity you're talking about here.
@_date: 2015-04-16 23:51:06


I think you're confused somewhere. That's describing double-entry bookkeeping, which is saying that your Equity should be the difference between the total Assets and the total Liabilities. So as you're accounting for a change, you always make two entries, and A=L+E ensures that you haven't made a mistake.
It's not saying that your Assets can be simultaneously broken down as either Liabilities or Equity.
A liability is 'a kind of asset' for whoever it's a liability *to*, but not for the one whose liability it is.
@_date: 2015-09-30 04:48:57


The second you have it, it represents someone's (whoever issued it) debt *to* you. Unclear what you're going for there.
@_date: 2015-03-03 22:23:36










Ah yeah I see what you mean, he's the one who initially said "Gold coins are a collateralized form of such security". Although I think he means the opposite of what you said: what makes a gold coin a financial instrument is the nominal promise written on it, and what 'collateralizes' that promise it is that it's literally made of gold (so if the issuer reneges on the IOU, you still have something semi-valuable in your pocket to show for it, although typically less value than the previous nominal stamped amount). Having this kind of physical 'collateral' can improve the likeliness that the IOU will be widely acceptable at par, but it's not required for that wide acceptability (just a bonus).


I think he's just being precise and organizing things into categories. There are financial assets which are the liability of some issuer, and the value comes from those abstract credit relationships based on the trustworthiness of the issuer and the nominal stated debt value/terms. If you're alone on a desert island, these things can't exist with any meaning (abstract, like laws or borders).
Then there are basic commodities, which can have any amount of value, but that's based on utility, and only emerges in the market. Gold bullion, bitcoins, watermelons, etc., fall into this category, where they exist as assets but not liabilities on anyone else's balance sheet, and as such have no *nominal* value. Even if you're the last one on earth, you still get to keep these things.
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:53:22
Or maybe [he is already well aware]( of the best modern anthropological consensus on money and understands the base economics much better than a cryptographer theorizing about archaeological collectibles. Anyone who still confuses money with the physical 'things' representing it is way behind the times.
@_date: 2015-03-03 16:01:34


Can you expand on this a bit? I'm not sure I understand what you mean by bullion being collateralized.


Yeah there's certainly a difference between financial assets and real goods. The stamped face on a coin matters when the one stamping it is trustworthy to be good for the stated nominal value. For those who don't care about the nominal IOU and/or don't trust the issuer (maybe non-modern international trade), they are much more interested in actual settlement in real goods. Here gold can play a role in both scenarios: it's a good material to implement physical bearer IOUs with (technological role, the 'divisible/fungible/blah/blah' that some people really focus on), and as a real good it's a relatively universally valued commodity with utility of being great for making pretty/shiny jewelry/statues/paperweights/whatever.
One thing that can make IOUs widely acceptable would be credible 'convertibility' promises (such as your bank credibly promising to turn your bank credit into central bank credit at par, or perhaps a central bank promising to convert their liabilities into a real good). 
The other main source of wide IOU acceptability is if the issuer is a common creditor, because you'll always accept your creditor's debts (to cancel them out). So even when a government cancels all 'convertibility' clauses on their issued IOU money, it's still valuable and accepted by the citizens because they need it to cancel out their own tax obligations. Other 'commonly-shared creditors' might be community banks in the 19th century models. This is discussed by Perry Mehrling in a great seminar here: [Money as a hierarchical system: legal and economic perspectives](
@_date: 2015-03-04 16:49:47


Yep that's the point exactly. Gold itself is not money and has never been money, unless you go with a definition that leaves you in knots trying to explain &amp; understand things, where money is 'emerging' ex post from regular commodities and you rarely know where you stand. 
It's the same way that pieces of parchment aren't laws and maps aren't national borders: those &amp; money are all abstract human ideas &amp; relationship that take some agreement to function. If your bank disagrees that you have a demand deposit account with them, or the central bank no longer associates your $10 note as their liability worth anything, then you've got a problem and don't have money. If you have a chunk of gold in your pocket then you'll always have that chunk of gold regardless of what anyone thinks, and you can sell it if anyone else wants a chunk of gold. You can also grow a watermelon and sell it to the network of people all over the world who have some marginal use for more watermelon.


Pretty interesting, thanks. I like economic philosophy exploring concepts of money as memory, record-keeping, or my favorite, score-keeping. Although this piece is certainly in line with most neoclassical stuff that treats money as fairly ignorable, a neutral 'veil' over barter, lubricating rational agents' preferences about consumption &amp; production, even though that doesn't really fit with a ton of real world behavior in a monetary production economy. 
In my eyes the neoclassicals prefer to ignore or handwave away money for the same reason that the Austrians obsess over it: they're uncomfortable by the enormous actual power that government has over money. This author exposed this bias slightly when mentioning that money may be even slightly inferior to perfect memory, so that with the speed of technological increases in record-keeping, maybe government's power of "seigniorage" could be on the way out. I think it fails to recognize that in the money as score-keeping analogy, we actually have an active score keeper influencing things. And this expression of democratic choices directly wading in and shaping the 'pure' economic sphere is not a bug, but a feature.
@_date: 2015-03-10 18:12:46
Yep can't trust sovereign currencies, they're volatile as anything else. Because if your country **loses a world war** and the winners are punitive, you may wish you had gold or something else.
@_date: 2015-03-18 18:32:01
You probably want to be a little more clear if you want to iron out the plumbing. Saying "I have a dollar" is like saying "I have an inch" or "I have a milliliter". Those are units of measurement, so the relevant question is "of what?" 
So it sounds like you're going with the shorthand of "a dollar" meaning "a 1 dollar of the issuer's debt note/bill". If it says federal reserve on it with the treasury secretary's signature, that's $1 *of government debt* issued by the federal reserve. If the bank "creates a dollar", then you're saying the bank is creating &amp; signing an IOU note promising to pay $1 of value (in the abstract I presume, not promising to actually pay up / convert it to anything).
Then they "lend" this IOU, such that the recipient of the bank's IOU now owes the bank $2 of value, while the bank owes that person $1 of value (as stated by the "dollar" note they're holding). To 'pay off' the $2 debt, the person A either works for the bank or sells something to it that's considered to be worth $1. Or they just pay with their own IOU they create. 
Either way, just like any debt whether a bank is involved or not, it either continues to exist (informal agreement or IOU-formalized), it gets extinguished by doing something of value, or it gets forgiven / dropped as a loss. Hopefully it's clear that this thought experiment has little bearing on reality. I mean why did anyone "borrow" a bank's IOU at interest in the first place, in a non-monetary economy?
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:57:39
Whose signature is on that slip of paper that says $1? That's your hint, you're holding the government's liability as your asset (credit relationship).
@_date: 2015-03-03 01:20:21
By the same author, probably similar / why they asked him to write this:
* [The Fair Price of a Bitcoin is Zero](
* [Bitcoin System: Some Additional Problems](
@_date: 2015-03-18 20:47:55
Well I say that's pretty close, but missing one big piece: the government. The government doesn't have to rely on making profit, so it can issue IOUs/money at will and end up in a huge negative net balance. The other side of that, the huge positive net balance, is held by the private sector, the people &amp; firms in that society, who are holding government liabilities as their assets.
It's upon this existing institutional arrangement where commercial banks can thrive: people accept the bank IOUs because the banks promise to convert them into government IOUs upon demand (and it's a credible, insured promise), which people already want and work with in a monetarized economy. So within an existing monetary system, people aren't just forced to all work for bank overlords.
Now the next question might be if we've just switched overlords, from commercial banks to government. Why are they getting away with going into a massive negative balance? Well it's kind of true: they levy taxes on all citizens, only payable in their own issued IOUs, which forces a base level of perpetual demand for that currency.
@_date: 2015-03-03 02:07:49
That discussion is about financial assets (in comparison to just plain commodities). Paper money is a direct liability of the government, held as your financial asset, promising the face value amount (that amount printed on it). You will always be able to redeem a $1 bill to the government in exchange for $1 of tax relief. As long as the government levies some taxes/fees/fines in that unit of account, your $1 note is worth $1.
Bitcoin on the other hand has no such price anchor. Based on speculative whim, 1BTC could be worth $200 one day, $500 the next, and $0 in the future at some point. Of course the face value of 1BTC is technically 1BTC, just like the logic of the dollar's face value, but that's economically meaningless because there is no *issuer* standing by ready to exchange your 1BTC for anything. Thus bitcoin is not a financial asset, but rather a plain commodity, and any price is based on utility &amp; speculation.
@_date: 2015-03-10 16:08:17
The lesson being, don't lose a world war?
@_date: 2015-03-03 04:29:40
Well yeah the previous post was about nominal terms, a financial asset existing as a liability of the issuer who will always accept it back at **face** value. Of course you can have *real* drift in purchasing power through inflation/deflation which is a different but related concept.
@_date: 2015-03-03 08:40:14


Yeah it seems possible to do something like this, but your example doesn't sound like any real 'redeemability'. You'd be looking for something like an IOU being extinguished in exchange for some other value; another example is in game currencies, the concept of a 'gold sink'. Probably the closest thing bitcoin has currently would be those cryptolocker ransomware viruses, which if widespread would be driving an anchor price of bitcoin (and people might hate them like government taxes or MMO repair costs).
Reddit's shortlived idea of Reddit Notes seemed like they were maybe considering making a cryptocurrency that anyone can use privately, with private exchanges and a floating price, but Reddit would have a standing promise to buy (or 'redeem') anyone's token for exactly $5 (or something around that I assume). That would set a price anchor because someone is actually putting up the money to enforce a positive value. Seems like they canned it because of securities regulations / legal issues.


This analysis is saying, 'ok, let's look at bitcoin *as if* it's a financial instrument. What's the fair present value in that regard?' As he says, on one extreme are basic money IOU instruments (cash, bank credit, etc.), which are immediately worth their face value and are instantly redeemable upon demand (so instantaneous maturity). In the midrange you have stuff like bonds which have some cost below face value and a maturity date in the future when they can be redeemed for that face value (so a basic interest-earning instrument). 
Finally on the other side, you have things like stocks and bitcoin, which can be considered to have infinite maturity, just meaning they are never promised to have any redeemability with the originator. So you are interested in them for other reasons, such as income streams entitled by stock ownership. Bitcoin has nothing here, so *as a hypothetical financial instrument* its fair present price is 0. When you say you can 'spend' it whenever you want, you just mean exchange it with someone else at some random current market price you agree on (which is barter; you can also do that with watermelons or shiny rocks or anything you feel like).
I probably went down the wrong path before when I simplified down to $1 = $1. The dollar is just a unit of measurement, so it's important to say $1 *of what*. I was saying $1 of government debt (cash note) = $1 of tax relief when turned in. That is the exact 'redeemability' promise the government is standing by.
@_date: 2015-03-04 02:01:04


Hmm, yeah I don't really have much constructive to comment on your link. To me it seems like a lot of mental gymnastics &amp; pontificating to square their cognitive dissonance between the ideological priors held vs. the real world outcomes (like how the dollar didn't collapse as predicted in 2006 because the 'global mass mind' wasn't hyper rational enough). The mention of money gaining its value by people "buying" it is almost too confused and ahistorical to bother with.
To me, money is actually pretty simple to understand. It's just bearer credit, which anyone can create, but the trick is getting it accepted. To get your IOU widely accepted at face value, you might promise to convert it to real goods upon demand, or at some later date with interest, or you might just be a universal creditor like the government. This concept holds up logically without any circular reasoning or problems, and it's more &amp; more confirmed by all modern anthropology (in contrast with archaeology which finds the durable coins &amp; collectibles and imagines stories about them while missing the massive amount of webs of credit, tally sticks, and paper notes that don't last physically through the millennia).
As far as the abstract price level in a modern society, it's anchored by the government's choice of how much they'll pay for goods &amp; services and how much in taxes everyone owes, and then rises or falls based on aggregate spending vs. aggregate output. If the government says tomorrow that next year every adult owes $10 million in taxes, and government jobs now pay $30 million a year, then you might go sign up to join the army. Or maybe you'll run a bakery to capture some of the soldiers' &amp; park rangers' extra savings as profit to make your $10 mil. And the prices will adjust to the new level pretty quickly. But it's all pretty straightforward analysis once you get the basics right.
@_date: 2015-02-01 12:31:13
The euro monetary union is like a new pretend-gold standard (countries giving up their own currencies and adopting an outside asset they don't control). Bitcoin is also designed as pretend-gold, so the eurozone failures are probably the last place you want to plug it.
@_date: 2013-12-23 03:51:50
Do your math and follow the trail of statistics
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:28:57
Well even though that's a different point, I doubt they'd argue with you... the fair price of digital information is indeed 0 (no marginal cost), that's why copyright protection instituted by a powerful government must be used to temporarily grant monopoly publishing rights.
As for the books, those authors spend much of their free time blogging &amp; traveling to speak on the exact subjects outlined in those books (the previous blog posts got turned into those books in fact), and get those talks recorded to spread even further. You'd probably have to ask the publishers if they're interested in making them free.
The point on bitcoin is that value for every single individual only comes down to the classic circular logic, "they're valuable because other people value them". Monetary liability instruments on the other hand, have an innate value in that you can 'turn them in' in exchange for tax/debt relief. Precious metals have a different innate value in that they're shiny &amp; can be used physically. Bitcoins have neither, so they're valuable as long as (and to the extent that) other 'collectors' think they're valuable.
@_date: 2013-10-27 20:56:16
Well the guy who called it "ponzi-ish" was at least close, because an asset bubble has a lot of similar characteristics for the actors involved (just less direct fraud / criminal intent). Although the creator of bitcoin who started with millions of the first mined coins is especially Ponzi-ish.
@_date: 2013-12-03 11:23:16
"You said the thing was supposed to work!"
"Technically it did work...I must have put a decimal point in the wrong place or something. Shit, I always do that. I always mess up some mundane detail."
@_date: 2013-10-27 01:42:47
Heh fair enough, guess I'm with you.
@_date: 2013-10-28 19:24:06


Well yeah you pointed out the one side that gets the benefit...the pain is felt by the other side of these loans &amp; contracts. I guess there would be made ways to denominate future payments in terms of value indices, or if the deflation was stable then it could be built into annuity prices. But it seems fairly complicated and I wouldn't characterize it as desirable.
For vendors I should think the pricing lag would not be to their benefit if they're losing sales based on shifting demand, not to mention the headache of trying to keep ahead of it accurately (instead of with moderate inflation having an inventory buffer stock). But I'm willing to concede that I can be completely wrong as I don't know much about past deflationary examples.
On your point about deflation slowing down economic waste on trivial consumer crap, that's fairly interesting and I'll definitely have to keep that in mind and look for implications like that.
@_date: 2013-10-27 21:13:53
Well the analogy isn't very apt between falling prices of a rapidly changing technology product vs. the structural falling prices in an entire economy due to unflexible money supply. Every computer you buy is relatively close to cutting edge when you buy it, and has an obvious use value for its entire existence (so yeah you pick your spot, but you don't worry much about missing out on next week's computer power).
When prices in an entire currency begin to deflate due to lack of money supply, everyone in the entire economy has a perverse incentive to begin saving/hoarding the money instead of using it. This is why the most healthy target for a functioning economy is slight inflation.
As a tool I agree that bitcoin is really interesting, particularly the cryptography involved. But with a static quantity, it just won't be useful long-term as a modern currency, so long-term its use is as an asset (store of value) as long as others agree (until the point when/if the value bubble bursts). If a country ever taxed its citizens in amounts denominated in bitcoins, then it would finally be given an inherent value and be more stable.
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:02:21
Tax relief. That gives them a stable non-zero fair value.
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:30:25
Fair enough if your stance is that structural currency deflation would not be a problem. I have no novel arguments to make, just personally following other economists which sound acceptable to me intuitively.
For the second point, I don't think I can rephrase it any more clearly. I'm talking about investors who are trying to buy low into bitcoin and sell high to make a lot of money. Speculative millions have been poured in for this explicit purpose. Even if you're keen to experiment with high deflation in one currency's economy, they probably aren't and there's nothing stopping the value from plummeting if the big holders start a dumping race.
For daily buyers &amp; vendors, and those who denominate loan payments &amp; contracts in bitcoins, who knows how much deflation they'll put up with before opting out of the currency. Maybe your argument is that it wouldn't be a problem and the daily users won't mind.
@_date: 2013-12-27 20:15:47




There's a simpler reason if you find yourself thinking everyone else is blind or stupid, which is that shockingly many people may simply *disagree* with you on how revolutionary bitcoin is.
@_date: 2013-10-27 21:22:10
Being infinitely divisible is good evidence that the creators knew it would be deflationary. It's probably based on a gut reaction that it sucks that your modern money loses value over time (inflation) and it would be nice if money actually gained value over time (so ultimately playing out money fetishism). Too bad in this case the gut instinct leads to a currency not suitable for a modern currency sustaining a reasonably large economy, but at least it lets early investors make a lot of money if they get out at the right time, just treating bitcoins as an asset instead of a means of exchange.
Anyway, just because the currency is capable of still being used during a deflationary spiral (infinitely divisible), that doesn't fix the big problems associated with deflation.
For the value plummeting, I said that would happen when the investors dump it at the first sign of deflation, to not be the greater fool hoarding bitcoins when the masses stop using them as an actual currency.
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:05:22
USA Today is really junk news and probably not where you'd want to look for serious analysis...


Pretty poor argument. If you had to jump through hoops &amp; play phone-tag for a few weeks to end up with great insurance (for instance USAA) for a year or decade, it might very well be worth it.
And the greater arguments that the president should be knowledgeable about bitcoin, walmart is obsolete, and CEOs need to wake up to technology to catch up with average americans? Basically a snarky pile-on column. Average americans are "steeped in daily digital life" in that they buy smartphones, on which they buy/download apps from official app stores. The bar isn't that high.
@_date: 2013-10-27 08:00:53
Every early investor has a built-in incentive to drum up new interest in their asset of choice. This is because it's defined to be a permanently fixed quantity supply, with floating price.
As an asset, bitcoin is certainly interesting in the short-term as a technologically advanced currency. However, if it ever were to become actually successful, there is an inevitable deflationary time-bomb waiting due to inflexible supply. In the end it would fail as a currency in a deflationary spiral and just be left with the asset-bubble side of the equation. The investors in that side are savvy enough to get out at the start of the deflationary bomb in order to not be the greater fool (no inherent value like a Picasso painting), so the value plummets and people are left losing millions. 
Finally you could start the game of musical chairs once again, but good luck getting people to play again.
@_date: 2013-10-27 01:21:39
Money fetishism writ large; the bitcoin community might not be too happy if south park clowned it.
@_date: 2013-12-18 23:47:57
For sources you'd actually probably want to go the other way: try to find any historians or anthropologists with evidence to the contrary that money evolved from larger scale bronze-age villages, units of account of credit maybe loosely backed by commodities at first, but the larger the cities the more pure financial the money systems became and the more centralized through city authorities.
The framework I'm writing from is 'modern money theory', which has the most accurate account of how money functions today (fiscal &amp; monetary policies) and also happens to line up with the historians &amp; anthropologists for the history of money. Other than MMT, David Graeber is an anthropologist who pooled a ton of the historical scholarship into his book "Debt: the first 5000 years".
Here's maybe the best intro to MMT (Wray) alongside the history of money with Michael Hudson (who also worked with Graeber). 
[Modern Money &amp; Public Purpose 1: The Historical Evolution of Money and Debt](
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:07:38
Well it doesn't even have to do with being the "de facto reserve currency" of the world. Your first sentence was sufficient (so the UK &amp; Japan also have nothing to worry about, but Greece does).
As for QE, basically people are just totally confused in thinking monetary policy will have much of any effect on the real economy, compared to fiscal policy. The Treasury actually spends money into existence and taxes it out of existence, and is the main macroeconomic agent. The Fed, through monetary policy (interest rate targets, asset swaps, etc.) really is not able to do much (and they can *lend* money into existence like other banks, but it doesn't have the same effect as real permanent money creation). The Fed's actions have mostly re-inflated asset prices and they just have said they "hope" some will trickle down to the real economy and influence some effective demand (unlikely).
@_date: 2013-10-27 21:48:20
The US dollar is as far from useless as you can get. Try living in the US and paying taxes with some sacks of vegetables, euros, or an IOU. See what the government does with you. Anyone on the planet knows there's inherent value in USD because americans always need them to pay taxes/fines.
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:50:18
I don't necessarily disagree that most people misunderstand money, but I put almost all the bitcoin enthusiasts in that camp as well. Luckily everyone understanding money isn't essential for it to work, similar to me using a refrigerator without understanding it.
My simple cautionary point is that if the majority of all serious entrepreneurs who learn about bitcoin don't think it's as big a deal as you do, maybe it's worth at least reconsidering the kneejerk conclusion that they're all clearly wrong and possibly stupid. Some might even know more than you about it.
As for the price rise of bitcoins, that doesn't prove anyone right about the revolutionary nature of the technology. It could just mean a lot of people are looking to make a quick buck on a hot commodity that has been getting a lot of media attention, similar to a stock price that seems to keep rising and some people are saying could still double or triple in a short timeframe.
On the side-note about "why now?", I thought this take was pretty interesting personally ["Worse is Better"](
@_date: 2013-10-27 23:37:50
Savings are useful only if you can use them later in life as a claim on real wealth (goods/services). So in your hypothetical, the current holders would just have nominal currency but if no one else wanted to buy them, you couldn't turn them into other real currencies (or take a huge loss on expected value trying to do so).
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:13:04
Yes that's the point, which makes it a fairly stable asset/commodity. His point is that the non-liability nature makes it a bad monetary/currency instrument, so you're left with price just being based on asset speculation. 
And unlike Picasso paintings or easter eggs, there is no inherent beauty or pleasure given to individuals holding the assets, so their utility which drives the asset speculation comes down to their handful of benefits as anonymized payment system &amp; store of value, which exist but lead you back to the first problem (functioning as money).
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:35:33
People can keep restating this all you want, but it doesn't make it correct. Governments drive the inherent value of their currency by enforcing either taxes or fines in values denominated in their money of account. If you don't pay, you lose your shit, go to jail, etc. (worse things throughout history, we're a bit less barbaric now). 
This is done specifically to give universal value to currency and drive real resources (labor) into the "public" sector (so people will work in the military, courts, etc. for paper IOUs, which they know they can trade to farmers for food or barbers for a haircut). At the end of the year or whenever, everyone trades back in the government IOUs they've collected in exchange for tax relief so they don't get thrown in jail or have their house taken. The governments create money by spending it into existence, and destroy it by taxing/fining it back from the population. The whole process gives an *inherent* value to that money.
Money does not grow on trees, in the ground, or in digital math equations. That's a libertarian fantasy which leads to the creation and fetishism of stuff like bitcoins &amp; gold. Those are commodity assets which may have varying amounts of utility or artistic value, but can only be treated as currency or money through circular logic of "it's valuable as long as someone else thinks it's valuable". Actual money is a system &amp; representation of scorekeeping social relations, credits &amp; debits of value (IOUs).
@_date: 2013-10-27 23:14:33
Well I doubt you're seeing the currency-supply deflation at all yet, considering that mining is still producing maybe 1 million coins in the last 6 months? And the real economy is not likely needing all the slack it has yet. When production flattens out up near 18-20 million bitcoins, that's when you'd be worried about an expanding real economy 'gross product' with high velocity needing a greater money supply to avoid a deflationary spiral of vendors having to lower prices continually.
The current increase in value is still largely driven by all the media &amp; promotion to get people to learn about &amp; buy into bitcoin (just look at this subreddit's front page, or this OP). So basically an asset bubble causing you to feel 'free money' value, just like people buying &amp; re-mortgaging houses in 2006. The time-bomb I'm talking about would be a ways out only if bitcoin transactions really caught on, so I wouldn't really worry about it (but be realistic about what is going on).
@_date: 2013-12-23 06:03:01
Here's an essay on bitcoin that also probes into that internal contradiction of money vs. commodity asset (and extensive comments section, most of which were interesting further discussion). I believe your feeling is pretty accurate, although I'm not coming from a sympathetic position on bitcoin so treat that as you may.
@_date: 2013-12-28 06:39:47
But again, the bitcoin/telephone analogy only works if you think fiat money is as relatively disadvantaged as the telegraph. Other people may simply disagree; for instance I think fiat money doesn't have many fundamental problems and is far better than bitcoin as a real daily currency. I see bitcoin as an interesting technological &amp; social experiment, but ultimately more of a digital asset accumulation/speculation game than a new form of money.
Some libertarian-minded people have a strong ideological distrust/dislike of fiat money and thus can't reconcile why others don't think bitcoin is so revolutionary (and end up ranting about it like the OP link). But that difference of opinion is pretty obvious if they don't share the base ideology.
@_date: 2013-10-27 22:00:17
He'll just be one more person on the list of failed predictions of hyperinflation based on a complete misunderstanding of macroeconomics of modern money.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:10:21


Fair enough on the term inherent, good call. I don't know what the more correct term would be, but basically the value is understood universally, and driven by a constant unless the government's power entirely evaporates. There is no need for recourse to the circular logic / "faith" explanation, is what I'm trying to get at.


The gold standard was enacted in 1900 and didn't last long. Not to mention in any period of crisis, "guaranteed convertibility" clauses have always been temporarily dropped. Convertibility has never actually been a good idea, but persisted because humans like their tangible shinies and have poor understanding of money in general. And further back in the 19th century, money was more of a 'wild west' in general in the U.S.
Beyond the US, money has been around for more like 5000 years since the greater civilizations of the bronze age. And only extremely rarely has precious metal convertibility been an aspect of it. The universal bartering notions themselves were just cooked up by classical economists trying to give simple explanations about money, and have been completely debunked by modern anthropology/archaeology/etc.