@_author: guy_who_works
@_date: 2019-07-31 13:06:03
Well then. It's time to hack time.
[It's hacking time.](
@_date: 2019-07-31 13:00:46
I love how tech illiterate fools are trying to fuck with encryption.
To borrow a metaphor from the OG decentralists Deleuze and Guattari, crypto is rhizomatic.
There's no 'root' to attack, no territory to conquor, it's hydra-like, cut of one head, three more grow back.
We will always be able to gen keys on air-gapped systems that they can't backdoor into. Take PGP for example.
If I build my key pair on a system with no network connections and only share my public keys, then do all my decry on that system, it's going to be rough stopping me.
That's just one, oversimplified example of methods of hiding your ass.
VPN tech won't be going away either. Not only is there a serious business need for TLS and IPSec connections, but it's also increasingly common to tunnel application traffic over non-standard ports, making the new kinds of packet-inspecting firewalls less effective at identifying certain kinds of traffic.
Tor is just one of many methods of obfuscation. Repressive regimes can't predict and control every method of secure comms. More diverse and user friendly methods of clandestine connections will continue to become ubiquitous and less detectable.
Mesh networks will sprout. Hidden services will keep popping up. Alternative DNS and routing systems will emerge. ~~Life~~ Crypto, uh, finds a way...
Additionally, data center spaces are evaporating.
Why centralize your mission critical applications when you can super charge redundancy by having them run everywhere at once?
Companies with interest in uptime (read: 'all of them') will increasingly be looking for ways to mitigate risks of downtime with decentralized apps.
If you don't buy human ingenuity as the driving force maintaining privacy, consider profit. Murca don't fuck with profit.
Those apps will necessarily rely on secure connections. Secure connections need crypto.
The old farts looking only to preserve traditional power structures do not have the vision to see how tech is going to rough their world up.
You hear that Mr. Anderson? That is the sound of inevitability.
Good. Fucking. Luck.