@_author: guyape
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:05:33
People have been calling for this correction since about 7k. It's like the new FUD. I think it was last week, that it flashed dipped from 12k to sub-9k and before people were even done posting "CRASHENING" it went back up over 10k. 
I've said before and I'll say again there is WAY too much idle/new money waiting for even the tiniest dip. It simply won't allow BTC to crash that much
@_date: 2017-12-27 09:17:21
What is this phenomenon of people thinking something becoming mainstream and popular ruins it? Happens with music all the time. Are they to blind to recognize and admit that the price is the most exciting thing about it at the moment? The tech is in diapers, let value stabilize and the price hype will die. It's natural
@_date: 2017-12-10 04:46:21
Isn't there a shit ton of lost forever Bitcoin? Is it possible to even estimate a number
@_date: 2019-04-28 19:00:46
You have a solid argument, don't ruin it by saying shit like "... the banks that caused this crisis in Venezuela" The crisis in Venezuela has nothing to do with banks or banking system. It's bad government policy all around.
Saying that literally doesn't add anything to your already strong point, so don't be making things up.
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:12:46
 I left Venezuela 5 years ago so maybe you are not as interested in my opinion. 
Hugo Chavez was objectively one of the worst things to happen to our country, but he was a product of the times. Poor people were neglected by politicians before Chavez, they were not heavily involved in politics as they thought it was pointless. Whoever won would keep ignoring them as usual. Chavez paid attention, went to small towns that had never seen a politician in person, and promised a lot of things that resonated with them. After all, Chavez was also from humble beginnings just like them. This perfect combination of a "leader of the people" got him A LOT of support. Keep in mind the majority of Venezuela has always been poor and Chavez owned that demographic. That's how Chavez got the cult of personality started. 
He helped out the poor a lot in the beginning, mostly by putting more cash in their hands. There were also some housing programs here and there. Thing is, he was able to finance all of this because oil was over $100, and who needs balancing sheets when you have the largest oil reserves. Combined with a lot of his other "great" economic ideas like currency control and expropriating businesses, he ruined our economy (Way before oil prices dropped btw). 
In short, Chavez ruined the country and brought us here by implementing ideas that have long been proven not to work (Like currency control or price ceilings) and when those ideas failed, he doubled down. He made sure to keep poor people happy, while simultaneously making sure they stayed poor and more state dependent each day. He tricked the majority of the country and for a while even the world by mismanaging the largest oil revenue our country has ever experienced. Oil lost more than half its value and the entire country crumbles overnight. 
As you can tell I could talk about this for days. Just know Chavez was objectively bad, there is basically no argument to have really. Only reason we are where we are is him, not even Maduro.
@_date: 2017-10-16 18:09:58
As long as fees are more than a dollar, Bitcoin is not really viable for most Venezuelans. I can't figure out how an average joe would even make that first crypto purchase if they don't already hold some foreign currency. You would have to somehow find a person willing to sell it for local currency which is literally worth nothing.
What is certain is that there are a few fortunate Venezuelans who got into BTC as store of value from early on, and the last year made them filthy rich. Even then it would be really difficult to cash it out without some serious connections.
@_date: 2017-10-16 18:46:35
I left Venezuela 5 years ago so maybe you are not as interested in my opinion.
Hugo Chavez was objectively one of the worst things to happen to our country, but he was a product of the times. Poor people were neglected by politicians before Chavez, they were not heavily involved in politics as they thought it was pointless. Whoever won would keep ignoring them as usual. Chavez paid attention, went to small towns that had never seen a politician in person, and promised a lot of things that resonated with them. After all, Chavez was also from humble beginnings just like them. This perfect combination of a "leader of the people" got him A LOT of support. Keep in mind the majority of Venezuela has always been poor and Chavez owned that demographic. That's how Chavez got the cult of personality started. 
He helped out the poor a lot in the beginning, mostly by putting more cash in their hands. There were also some housing programs here and there. Thing is, he was able to finance all of this because oil was over $100, and who needs balancing sheets when you have the largest oil reserves. Combined with a lot of his other "great" economic ideas like currency control and expropriating businesses, he ruined our economy (Way before oil prices dropped btw). 
In short, Chavez ruined the country and brought us here by implementing ideas that have long been proven not to work (Like currency control or price ceilings) and when those ideas failed, he doubled down. He made sure to keep poor people happy, while simultaneously making sure they stayed poor and more state dependent each day. He tricked the majority of the country and for a while even the world by mismanaging the largest oil revenue our country has ever experienced. Oil lost more than half its value and the entire country crumbles overnight. 
As you can tell I could talk about this for days. Just know Chavez was objectively bad, there is basically no argument to have really. Only reason we are where we are is him, not even Maduro.
@_date: 2017-10-06 01:21:06
Se viene BTC paralelo
@_date: 2017-10-11 18:38:14
You must be one of those truly off the grid guys? No driver's license, no use of freeways and roads. Home-schooled, I assume. You probably get your water straight from the river. I wonder how isolated one must be to never need law enforcement or a justice system. Props