@_author: guybrushthreepwoods
@_date: 2017-07-27 04:59:46
Here's the indictment link for anyone that doesn't have it
@_date: 2017-07-27 04:54:07
I was afraid someone was going to say that...
@_date: 2017-07-27 08:18:48
The NovaCoin dev just posted about the admins of btce over on the bitcointalk NVC dev forum.
Here's the English translation.
"Believe bits.media it's like pissing yourself in your pants ... it's warm, but then it stinks ... 
I've been watching this site for several years and most of the articles are full of bullshit ... 
about Balth and Admins BTC-e: they are alive, healthy and Are engaged in what they are supposed to do, actually ... 
PySy and, yes, both of them are not called Alexander ... 
PyPysY about Greece: the exchange does not lie with this country sideways, and some financial flows, as well as individual legal moments are connected exclusively With Cyprus, but this is another story ... 
and neher "to inflate my grandmother" screaming "what dick" "co-owner of BTC-e" "did in Grets Uii, "because the main administration will never stick to where to be contraindicated ..."
And a second message in reply to other peoples responses to the first message. 
"In fact, knowing not by hearsay (by a walk through the old "not local" and possible new comments), in order to restore at least an approximate existing infrastructure on the new site, it is necessary about a week (3 days at least to rest and perish), everything here will depend on the reliability and packing Backup data and communication channel with the new DC ... 
plus do not forget that there are also "political" moments in the placement of such services ... 
PySy that, when, how and where they hosted and hosted it is not for me to say ..."
Here's the forum post, by "Penek" 
@_date: 2017-07-27 07:39:43
If they still have control of the domain, they are still using Cloudflare to serve up their current place holder page. 
Cloudflare is a US based company. That sounds fishy...
They're also using a Godaddy issued certificate on their current placeholder site at 
Once again, this all doesn't sound right given what has just taken place. Something doesn't add up. Why would they still be pointing their DNS to US based Cloudflare.... 
