@_author: guyfawkesfp
@_date: 2019-05-15 12:15:43
Trustless doesn't necessarily mean censorship resistance. Decentralization doesn't necessarily mean censorship resistance. While Lightning Network is more trustless, it will not be censorship resistant. Lightning has very strong incentive to centralize into hubs due to the liquidity challenge. In Blitzkrieg, there is no liquidity challenge. This gives equal position among pools regardless of network position. In Lightning, hubs have fundamentally unequal position due to liquidity leading to the "Network Effect," similar to how any other network effect operates.
It must also be noted the Alice-Bob payment is trustless, and happens atomically. Alice and Bob do not need to trust the Pool or Finder. Only the pools need to trust the finder. The finder is also staking its reputation which will likely exceed the value of an exit scam - The finder gets penalized more than the value of an exit scam.
@_date: 2019-05-19 12:56:21
I don't think you understand how the mafia works. If a hub is a known centralized entity, and it routes payments for which it does not know the end destination, then it will be shut down. The mafia doesn't care about plausible deniability of onion routing. LN cannot work without central hubs. Central hubs will be subject to censorship.
@_date: 2019-05-19 13:11:43
Here is the whitepaper for anyone interested [
@_date: 2019-05-15 01:26:57
The user can be its own pool, though that is impractical for most users.
If the Finder defrauds either pool, the pool can provably document it by publishing the off-chain contract on-chain for all to see. This immediately alerts the entire network.
Yes, you could route the actual funds through the finder, but then you run into the liquidity challenge. The liquidity challenge strongly incentivizes centralization, and is not very resilient to censorship. In Blitzkrieg, there is no liquidity challenge. That is the core tradeoff. In Blitzkreig, finders are exceptionally nimble as they don't need a single satoshi to operate. Pools don't need to worry about connections as all pools are directly connected to all pools.
It is also important to note Alice and Bob need not trust the Finder or Pool.
@_date: 2019-05-15 00:23:22
The payment process is User-&gt;Pool-&gt;Pool-&gt;User
User-Pool transactions occur via payment channels. They happen completely, or not at all. Alice cannot pay a thousand other Bobs. They use almost the same process as Lightning Network payment channels.
Pool-Pool transactions occur via probabilistic payments. Probabilistic payments create a complete graph between pools, not between users. Users connect to pools.
The staking pool funds collateral via payment channel to the pre-selected Finder. The gambling pool must trust the pre-selected Finder in order to receive payment.