@_author: guygoingtolawschool9
@_date: 2018-01-16 01:36:23
Most of what you said above borders on being nonsensical -- the overwhelming majority of your above response is irrelevant and your "nearly 1:1 analogy" brings up a host of other issues (although to be honest, if the in-game assets have a FMV, I believe that may also qualify as a taxable event). I would highly encourage you to read through how other people have responded to you throughout this thread and others. Trading one cryptocurrency for another is clearly a taxable event. There's really no dispute there -- property to property exchanges are taxable.
Please stop giving people poor advice. It hurts the community as a whole when people try to skip out on taxes -- especially when your couch your analysis by repeatedly referencing state laws that are entirely immaterial to the issue at hand. Bad advice causes real problems
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:53:55
I'm sorry if some of my replies are coming across as scornful --- it's just that your replies are unbelievably idiotic. 
Look up 1031 exchanges --  As others have said, the IRS has explicitly said these don't apply to cryptocurrency transfers. 
Instead of being so stubborn, learn something, take the advice of others, or grow up and take a tax class/actually attend law school before giving strangers bad advice. That causes real harm when people like you arrogantly assume that you're correct (and cite things like irrelevant Nevada statutes) 
@_date: 2018-01-15 23:09:24
You should do more research, especially before telling other people to "start doing your own in depth [sic] research.
A. That bill doesn't say what you're claiming it says at all -- it simply makes it illegal for a local government to "impose any tax or fee on the use of a blockchain or smart contract by any person or entity." We aren't talking about the government imposing a *use* on the blockchain here (that would occur if there was a 5 cent tax on every transaction or something like that). Taxes on gains by the IRS still apply -- the state of Nevada couldn't change that even if they wanted to. 
B. Every time you trade an asset for another asset, you have to look at the cost basis of the initial asset. If you buy some gold for $50, and 10 years later use it to buy $200 in widgets, you owe taxes on the $150. The IRS usually requires you to use the FMV in calculating the tax owed on these transactions. Here's a place to start if you're interested -- Publication 551 --  And here's IRS guidance specific to bitcoin --  It's basically treated like most other assets for purposes of taxation.
None of the above should be treated as legal advice -- but I highly encourage you to read up on things before you decide to not pay taxes (or tell others to do the same)