@_author: guy-who
@_date: 2016-12-02 16:59:53
TaxMasterTax, you're just promoting your service by scaring people. The number of times you've used the brand name borders on "infomercial." I can see why you wouldn't want to continue the discussion. You need to polish your business-drumming skills.... I would never trust you with my reporting.
On that note: if you used outgoing Coinbase transfers as "sales" for your clients in the past, I strongly urge you to consider notifying those clients and informing them that your mistaken methodology has put them at risk with the IRS. Those errors need to be corrected.
I'm going to seek more qualified opinions. In the meantime, I will assume the method by which Coinbase has been accounting for transfers out (by categorizing them as sales) is completely incorrect. This is going to create severe problems for Coinbase, but I suppose that is a discussion for another day...
@_date: 2016-12-02 14:00:48
One critical aspect to this "transfer-is-a-sale" argument (which I think would be appealed and destroyed in about ten seconds) is that many of us bought at Coinbase, and immediately transferred the money out (because we're not stupid, and we don't leave Bitcoin on exchanges).
Think about that. If the IRS considers all of my immediate Coinbase transfers to other wallets as sales, they are all (or almost all) going to be short-term capital losses (after commissions).
To extend this line of thinking: because I transferred all my Bitcoins away from Coinbase immediately after purchase, nothing would be better for me than for the IRS to consider those sales, and stop the chain of investigation right there. If they take the position those were all sales, they are going to owe me a lot of money from previous (and current) capital gains I've taken. I'll carry those short-term gains forward for a very long time... :)
Again, just working through this, if the IRS wants to count transfers away from Coinbase as sales, they are going to generate a huge number of short-term capital losses, and they let everyone off the hook for any subsequent transactions that might have generated a gain. And if I'm right, this is why the IRS won't go down that path.
I don't know about all of you, but if I'm right, this is the best news I've heard yet about this whole mess. TaxMasterTax, please correct my thinking if I've missed something. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-12-02 14:07:31
I'm not a huge fan of Coinbase, and I have to say that this kind of fly-by-the-seat-of-your-pants policy is why Coinbase is going to fail. Their customer service is another area that shows how weak they are. I understand startups face huge resource constraints but these shortcomings have been glaring for years, and this accounting policy only further disappoints me.
Coinbase has just never had their shit together. Apologies in advance to any fans, but you can't really make a strong argument against demonstrable facts. This accounting policy is absurd and unsustainable. If the IRS rules that transfers are indeed sales, it's going to be better for most of us (short-term capital losses). If the IRS (or a judge) rules against Coinbase, the accounting nightmare they will face will undoubtedly be one of the last nails in their proverbial coffin.
@_date: 2016-12-02 15:36:35
After thinking about it a bit more, I'm going to add one more point: if the IRS rules that transfers away from Coinbase generate taxable events, then I'm going to buy at Coinbase from now on, and I'm going to transfer my Bitcoins out at a short-term capital loss.
TaxMasterTax, I believe you are wrong. I do not believe the IRS would ever condone or promote this strategy. Why would I ever allow my Bitcoin holdings to become capital gains, when I can transfer them away from an exchange and generate a short-term loss?
I believe Coinbase has made a serious error in treating transfers as taxable events.