@_author: guyzys
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:16:51
There's also an academic paper that formalizes the results - but that will go through the normal peer review process which can be slow. The whitepaper is targeted at a wider audience.
I would also love to see on what research you're basing your statements.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:02:26
@_date: 2015-12-30 17:50:10
You can add another layer of crypto (multi-party computation) to the blockchain which hides all data during computations. This means that nodes can execute code without seeing the data they're working on.
Naturally, you can do simple things like validating bitcoin transactions while hiding senders/receivers/amounts, or verifying that someone is over 21 without learning anything else. But really, you can do so much more than proving/verifying. Think of the network as a massive computer holding encrypted data. You can then do data analysis without seeing the data.
For example, the network could hold encrypted genomic data and allow a scientist to execute her research on the dataset. Nodes do the work (and are paid for it) without being able to see anything except encrypted data. The encrypted result is sent back to the scientist who's the only one that can decrypt it. No data leaks in the process except for the intended output that is only shown to the scientist.
Very much like in Bitcoin - you get an open system where people can contribute computing resources in return for monetary rewards - but the big deal is that you don't have to trust anyone in the process, because the data are always encrypted and you can verify that nodes execute the code correctly.
An important note: Enigma is not an altcoin/altchain. It connects to an existing blockchain (specifically Bitcoin's).
Disclaimer: I'm one of the creators.
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:38:12
Actually, it applies to -any- computation. For something as simple as (A+B+C), each node would have an encrypted piece (A_i, B_i, C_i) and would compute D_i=A_i+B_i+C_i locally. They would then return D_i to whomever requested the computation, which would combine and decrypt them to obtain the result.
For more elaborate functions that require some interaction (generally, everything that involves multiplication), the computation is done in steps, where in each step interim results are re-encrypted. You can generalize this to any computation!
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:18:07
(co-creator here).
Great point. To be clear - this is encryption and not obfuscation (the latter isn't really useful). In our scheme, which is based on threshold cryptography ( data are split to many pieces and each party obtains a single piece. To decrypt data - a majority of the network needs to collude, but otherwise the pieces are completely independent and random - so there's no way to correlate the encrypted data with the raw data.
Using the above scheme with some well-defined secure protocols - you get homomorphically encrypted cyphertexts.
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:53:43
That's exactly right. That is why we went with a different approach - a decentralized one that is based on secret sharing and optimized secure multi-party computation protocols.
There's no public-key cryptography involved (except, perhaps, for some pre-processing) and the computations per-node are done over an arithmetic field proportional to the size of 32/64-bit integers. With optimizations, this is really fast.
@_date: 2015-06-30 19:28:08
The answer is somewhat qualitative, since the computational time increases sublinearly with the # nodes increase. Therefore theoretically - you're getting 'more' security for less.
What's reasonable depends on the type of data you're computing on, the computation and the cost. Generally, given our current internal tests we feel that a network of ~1000 nodes would really do well (both in terms of efficiency and security) for most applications. You could even go less if you ensure some nodes are authenticated - but we'd prefer to be completely decentralized.
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:02:00
Thanks! Long-term - decentralized. Public/private nets can happily co-exist, but private can never replace an open and trustless network (IMHO).
Yes - code will be open source. We don't have an exact release date for it yet (there are a lot of extraneous factors).
@_date: 2015-12-30 17:54:07
Not at all. The focus is computing on encrypted data without decrypting. Obviously there's a storage component, but that's not the main challenge. The hardest part is working with data you can't see.
@_date: 2015-06-30 20:06:53
-- If I understand your question correctly then yes! You could think of web-apps being run on a decentralized server that could run whatever application logic while keeping the nodes 'in-the-dark' about the raw data.
-- Great! You should definitely sign-up on  We'll be in-touch soon both with interested developers and 'miners'.
@_date: 2014-09-03 13:31:09
That's a great point. We are definitely working hard to prevent spamming the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-07-01 03:19:17
Yup, this is pretty much an accurate description. Multiplication isn't naturally homomorphic under secret sharing, so we have to design a secure protocol that solves that efficiently.
Proving that nodes don't cheat and collect the money without working is a big concern. We're actually working on a theory paper where we prove our system. The basic premise is that nodes commit to their shares in the beginning. The computation could be followed from the commitment to an output - and a computing node needs to prove that it reached that output. The only way to do that is by actually carrying out the computation.
If the proof is wrong/not supplied up to time T - the node cheated and others can redeem its security deposit.
@_date: 2015-07-01 02:53:56
Because the result might be semantically interesting (but the inputs usually aren't).
For example, imagine holding digital secret elections - (hopefully) you're not really interested in knowing who votes for whom, but you do want to count the number of votes each candidate received and who won, and you want to ensure no one cheats. In this case, you will run the computation over the secret votes in their encrypted form, and will reconstruct and decrypt the final result.
@_date: 2015-07-01 03:31:50
Enigma is completely trustless, like Bitcoin - but with Privacy (and it doesn't try to invent its own altcoin).
Sure, you could add some trust in the network - have authenticated nodes and then perhaps a smaller network - but it's not required by design.
Yup, regressions and machine-learning algorithms in general are definitely some of the primary applications. Regression is actually one of the first tests we ran!
@_date: 2015-09-22 08:35:06
If that's the case, why not sell the same product without the mining chip (or a less powerful alternative that's focused on verifying txs) for ~ the same price of an RPI?
My guess is there's more to it - but this is really exciting anyway!
@_date: 2015-10-28 03:23:06
Of course. A private blockchain with seven perpendicular lines is more secure than a public blockchain.