@_author: gwillen
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:46:28
Do I need to do anything special to get my donation matched, or are you matching all donations to MAPS right now?
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:33:11
I believe that it should be possible to avoid this in careful code (and Bitcoin Core is generally very careful). For example: Decode the address to a scriptPubKey, sign the transaction, then take the scriptPubKey from the signed transaction and reencode it to an address and check that they match. (This isn't perfect in the presence of faulty computing hardware, but it's at least going to save you to first order, since any bitflip after signature will make the signature invalid.)
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:58:14
Happy I could help! Please feel free to reach out for anything else. :-)
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:02:34
Hi Pine!
I think you are _probably_ relatively well-protected if you are being sufficiently careful -- I see "offline" and "we", and I hope your procedure involves something like: at least two different people verify every aspect of each transaction, on at least two computers.
In that case, and assuming you're using robust software (by which I mean Bitcoin Core), I'm not aware of any specific examples of this having gone wrong in the past.
One interesting corner case was recently discussed on the bitcoin-dev mailing list (I just googled "bitcoin 'cosmic ray'" for examples, and it turned up): while transaction _addresses_ are protected by checksums, and in robust software such as Bitcoin Core they should be well-protected, transaction _amounts_ have no such protection. So the following scenario is possible today:
- You instruct your online wallet to send 50 BTC to address 'B'
- Your online wallet crafts a transaction that spends your 4000 BTC UTXO, sending 50 BTC to address 'B' and 3950 BTC back to a new change address, 'C'
- In the transfer to your offline wallet, a single bit flips, and 3950 becomes 1902
- You check the amount being sent to the _destination_ on the offline wallet, but you don't check the amount sent to _change_
- 2048 bitcoins are accidentally sent to fees in the transaction you sign and transmit.
As to whether bitflips actually happen: they absolutely do although I don't have a convincing specific example handy (I've asked my coworkers for one.) If you're using consumer hardware without ECC RAM, here's an article computing the expected bitflip rate:
The conclusion is "the probability of having at least one bit error in 4 gigabytes of memory at sea level on planet Earth in 72 hours is over 95%."
The specific example I gave can be prevented by checking every aspect of the transaction, including all addresses and all amounts (including change) very carefully before signing. I can't immediately think of a specific failure that couldn't be avoided by (1) checking the transaction carefully on the computer where you construct it; (2) checking the transaction carefully on the offline computer before signing; and (3) checking the transaction carefully _again_ on the online computer before broadcast (this protects against e.g. bitflips after (2) but before the actual signing process.) This is all assuming you're using Bitcoin Core, which is itself very careful to double-check everything.
Still, I hope you can see why the notion of keeping so much money in a single UTXO is scary to me; this whole process is very delicate, and a single unnoticed bit error in the wrong place could render it lost, and bit errors absolutely do happen in the real world. (Of course, you are not the first person by far to keep an astronomical sum in a single UTXO; MtGox very famously did so in order to prove solvency once, before later becoming insolvent. But I wouldn't take advice from MtGox.)
I am very glad to hear that you are working offline, carefully, with multiple people (hopefully) checking things before they go out. That will save you from many failure modes far more likely than the one I'm concerned about. (But I was mostly assuming that already, since your coins have survived this long!) It's mostly just a belt-and-suspenders thing. You can never be too careful, and this is the first time in human history that such a large amount of value could ever have hinged irretrievably on a single bit. (In banking, at least, such an error could be manually rolled back! In Bitcoin, we play for keeps. And consumer computer hardware kind of sucks and is not designed for high-assurance work!)
I greatly appreciate what you're doing! It's a wonderful thing and I hope it all goes off without a hitch (and I hope people stop sending you pleas to personally send them bitcoin, since I see you've upgraded the wording on that at least once and added boldface to it... but I'm sure they won't.)
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:31:41
Hi !
I actually don't have a charity to recommend (well I do, but they're filling out an application on their own, and I'm not here to talk about that.)
I want to talk to you about Bitcoin safety. Presumably you haven't gotten this far without thinking about security, but I want to suggest that making grants from a single huge output like this is NOT a good idea, and is potentially dangerous.
Each time you transact, the entire $80 million balance is being moved from one address to another. Every single such move comes with a risk -- not a large one, and not one that would be worth worrying about for a much smaller amount -- of a software bug, hardware failure, cosmic ray, etc. -- rendering the remaining amount lost and unspendable (or not easily spendable.)
Although it's fun and useful to be able to demonstrate ownership of the funds in a single giant output, I think you would be much safer with these funds stored in smaller quantities in separate addresses. I would be happy to provide specific advice on how to do this safely; the easiest procedure would be to make a second wallet and send the funds there in slightly smaller increments, say 500-1000 BTC, such that losing one of them to a software bug would be, although horrifying, at least not the end of the Pineapple Fund. Then you could more safely make your individual donations from the second wallet.
I also hope you are taking due care in storing the funds in general (although I imagine you must at least be using offline storage to have made it this far with so much Bitcoin still in one piece.) On the off chance that you require _any_ advice or consultation on the secure storage or safe handling of Bitcoin, please feel free to reach out. PM here is fine, or gwillen , or gwillen . Anything I can't answer, I have access to people who can, and would not hesitate to help.
@_date: 2014-08-10 05:20:49
The fact that he doesn't understand why "the truncated hash of your user home directory path" effectively reveals the user's username -- in addition to the 'phone home' process revealing the user's IP -- is extremely concerning.
@_date: 2014-12-09 01:00:51
I can't confirm Austin but there's an identical billboard on the 101 between San Francisco and San Jose.
@_date: 2014-11-28 19:33:28
Since no explanation is given in the post, here's the explanation the poster gave on IRC: "this guy is spamming bitcointalk with bitcoindiscounts.net which links to a fake antminer site of their own"
To the poster: You should put some explanation in your post. Nobody's going to blindly upvote a declaration of scamminess backed by nothing.
@_date: 2014-06-17 06:57:40
Do not send a campaign donation to an anonymous bitcoin address. That would be extremely foolish. 
You have no idea who the address belongs to, and it would be illegal for the campaign to accept your funds without filling out the form on the LucasOverby.com site.
In fact, given that fact, the donation address is _probably_ fake.
@_date: 2014-05-27 16:46:44
It would be nice if you had instructions for installing and running on various systems.
I'm on OS X; I had to install a bunch of dependencies through trial-and-error, and now it's running but I tried to create an agent and now I'm getting lots of the following:
    Agent created.
    Address is 12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ
    Balance is 0 satoshi
    Query error - n: 12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ - select post_id from posts order by post_id desc limit 1
    Query error - n: 12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ - select t.tip_id, p.data, t.from_address from posts as p inner join tips as t on t.post_id = p.post_id where t.to_address = '12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ' and t.tip_id &gt; 0 and p.data like 'whisper:%' order by t.ts asc
    Query error - n: 12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ - select t.tip_id, p.data, t.from_address from posts as p inner join tips as t on t.post_id = p.post_id where t.to_address = '12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ' and t.tip_id &gt; 0 and p.data like 'whisper:%' order by t.ts asc
    Query error - n: 12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ - select t.tip_id, p.data, t.from_address from posts as p inner join tips as t on t.post_id = p.post_id where t.to_address = '12AKRNHpFhDSBDD9rSn74VAzZSL3774PxQ' and t.tip_id &gt; 0 and p.data like 'whisper:%' order by t.ts asc
and more like that indefinitely.
@_date: 2014-09-13 07:50:45
Just browsing it? You didn't get the link from somewhere?
@_date: 2014-09-05 01:46:16
Is there a website that actually gives you a good amount of free USD without a huge risk?
Why not?
@_date: 2014-06-13 21:06:09
So what you're saying is, you mine with ghash because you're bad at statistics.
(Your expected return does not depend in any way on the size of the pool you mine with. I do not expect you to believe me.)
@_date: 2014-05-20 20:03:43
He's not even a smart hacker, he's Weev. He's a little bit of a dumbshit, and he's high literally all the time.
@_date: 2017-03-02 04:25:33
As the author of the original signature-covers-input-value code for Elements Alpha, I am happy that people are getting excited about this! It was one of my first projects getting started at Blockstream, and it was my first foray into consensus code. At the time, I didn't fully understand the benefit for hardware wallets, so it felt like a pretty tiny change -- and even then, I'm not sure how much of my code made it into the final version in Elements, since Sipa rewrote a bunch of it to improve the approach. ;-) (And I don't think any of my code was directly relevant to the SegWit version, which works differently.) But even so, I feel like I got to make my own small contribution to the Bitcoin consensus code, however indirectly. Hopefully it will activate!
(Standard disclosure: I work for Blockstream, but I'm not posting on behalf of Blockstream here!)
@_date: 2017-01-24 04:19:03
I am not a CPA or any sort of financial expert.
However, I can tell you that moving your own coins from Coinbase to your own non-Coinbase storage, or vice versa, is NOT a taxable event. Coinbase will issue you a "capital gain report" on their website that appears to claim that it is, but that report is extremely misleading. In fact you can find other Reddit threads where Coinbase employees clarify that the report is meant to be "conservative" and _assumes_ that you sell coins the moment they leave Coinbase. This in fact means that the report is _wildly inaccurate_ for essentially everybody. They also clarified that it is intended to be purely for the customer's information and is not going to the IRS.
EDIT: See e.g. here: 
(Disclosure: I work for Blockstream. I do not speak for Blockstream, and my employer definitely does not have anything whatsoever to do with my comments about taxes here, which are purely my own and from my own understanding. Any errors are my own also.)
@_date: 2017-01-03 05:00:36
Teechan is a concept for a payment network relying on 'trusted computing' to prevent fraud. Unlike Lightning, it relies on Intel (or another manufacturer of trusted computing hardware) as a trusted third party. Lightning, by contrast, trusts only the Bitcoin network itself, and uses smart contracts and clever cryptographic tricks to prevent fraud.
As far as I know, Teechan is a purely theoretical notion right now, because existing trusted computing hardware, such an Intel SGX, is not available for general use -- it requires a licensing agreement from Intel.
(Disclosure: I work for Blockstream, but I don't speak for Blockstream. Any errors are my own.)
@_date: 2017-08-30 06:15:51
There's no such thing as absolute security. But I suspect your biggest risk here will come when you spend the coins later (or if you forget the password before you do.) A lot of people lose coins when they spend part of the coins in their paper wallet, not understanding that this does not just move the spent coins, but almost always moves more coins as well, up to the entire contents of the wallet, into a fresh address that you will then need to save to avoid losing coins.
(That was a _very_ abbreviated warning and is not sufficient information to protect yourself. Make damn sure you understand what you're doing, is the real lesson.)
@_date: 2017-08-30 05:43:06
BCH / BTC are not replayable. They use different transaction formats. (This was an intentional choice by BCH to prevent replay attacks.)
@_date: 2017-01-21 06:01:52
Malleability is the reason you should avoid using transaction IDs in this way, yes. However, there are some purposes for which stable transaction IDs are effectively a must-have. In particular, sometimes you want to create transactions A and B, such that B refers to A, but B is created before A is mined (or even before A is created.) You can't do this safely under the current system, because B must refer to A by transaction ID, but malleability means that A's transaction ID may change, rendering B invalid.
This is significant to Lightning because, in the best current design, Lightning involves sending your counterparty pre-signed transactions referring to other un-mined transactions. A protocol can't work in this way when malleability is possible. (There are alternative designs for Lightning that do not require this, so it _can_ work without segwit, but they have drawbacks.)
(Disclosure: I work at Blockstream; I don't speak for Blockstream; my errors are my own.)
@_date: 2017-01-25 04:58:53
I'm happy I could help! Let me give you some more context that might help you understand your tax situation with respect to Bitcoin. (Again I emphasize that I am not a CPA or financial professional of any kind -- this is all from dealing with my own tax situation.)
The bottom line with capital gains tax is as follows: If you buy something(1), and then you sell it for more than you bought it, the difference is called a "capital gain", and you owe capital gains tax on _the difference_.(2)
The fundamental thing to understand about your relationship with the IRS is this: YOU owe taxes, and YOU -- nobody else -- are responsible for making sure you pay the correct amount. Most people don't think about this, because you get forms from Big Professional Entities that spell out the details for you: a W-2 from your employer, a 1099 from your brokerage, etc. Bitcoin breaks this model -- you are responsible for calculating and paying your taxes on Bitcoin gains, but NOBODY is responsible for TELLING you how much they were, like your stockbroker is when you buy and sell stock, and like your employer is when you earn income.
Personally, I have been using  to do the calculations, but they aren't doing anything for me that I couldn't in principle do myself -- they just take in a list of all your buys and sells, compute all your gains and losses, and print out either a list to give to your tax professional, or a form you can file directly with the IRS (but remember that YOU, and not the website, are ultimately responsible for making sure it's correct.) Note that they can use the API to pull data directly from Coinbase, and they will not use Coinbase's "gain report" -- they will only import a list of the buys and sells you make on Coinbase (and it's your responsibility to enter data for other buys and sells you do, if they can't import the data for you from elsewhere.)
I hope this is helpful! I'm happy to answer other questions.
(1) Specifically, I believe the things for which this is true are called "capital assets". If you own stock in a company, it falls in this category. The IRS has said that Bitcoin falls in this category as well. 
(2) If you sell it for _less_ than you bought it, the difference is a "capital loss". If you have losses and gains in the same year -- they don't all have to be on the same thing -- you can subtract the losses from the gains before computing the tax you owe. If you have more loss than gain, you will not owe capital gains tax in that year, and you may be able to use some of the loss to offset gains in future years, or a limited amount of other income. There are IRS forms for computing all this.
A gain can also be "long term" (held more than a year) or "short term". The tax rate on short term gains is higher. If you have both gains and losses that are both long and short term, the way the offsetting works is too complex for me to figure, and I let software do it.
@_date: 2017-08-30 05:47:02
I for one support you in your endeavor and wish you good fortune.
@_date: 2016-11-19 19:40:37
By my math, 6% opposing is basically enough; that will reduce the chance of SegWit activation in any given retarget period (2016 blocks) to about 2.5%, and the overall chance of activation in the one-year activation period (26 retarget periods) to about 48%. 
With 6.5% opposing, the overall chance is reduced to about 5%.
(Disclosure: I work at, but do not speak for, Blockstream. My math is my own, and any errors in it are also my own.)
@_date: 2016-11-06 18:33:10
d is for authentication -- ensuring the message is not tampered with between the sender and the recipient. (Encryption alone cannot ensure that in all cases.)
I don't understand S_1 and S_2, they do seem sort of pointless as described in the article, so I suspect the article of describing them wrong.
@_date: 2016-11-27 01:40:47


I hypothesize that OP meant "past 0.10, torrenting a copy of the blockchain to speed things up is useless", which would fit with your comment about how much faster current versions sync.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:07:04
I believe part of the gag here is that the DMV may have explicitly charged the fee to the customer for using a credit card.
Historically merchants have not been allowed to do that by their merchant agreements, but government agencies have been exempt. Now I think because of the CARD act merchants are allowed to do it, but they rarely do.
@_date: 2016-11-24 19:07:39
If you assume that miners are economically rational, and sort transactions by the fees-per-byte in descending order, including only the highest -- which is mostly true -- then your described attack has no effect. Adding a transaction whose fee is too low to be mined will _never_ affect the contents of a block under this algorithm. The only way to change the set of transactions in the block is to "bump" one of them out, by pushing it down the fee-sorted list -- but doing that _requires_ that the "bumping" transaction be higher on the list than the transaction it's bumping out. This is only possible if the "bumping" transaction includes enough fee to be mined.
Disclosure: I work for Blockstream, but I do not speak for Blockstream. Any errors are, as always, my own.
@_date: 2016-12-24 16:09:14
That's a good point. Of course, if you have the secret/seed outside the device, then you have to be as careful with the seed as you would with the device itself. But that's true of the backup device too, and the piece of paper with the seed is certainly cheaper than a second device.
@_date: 2016-12-18 22:16:53
All we can know is how many Bitcoins have been created, which is an upper bound on the number that are still spendable. Anybody who gives a number for the latter is at best making an educated guess.
@_date: 2019-08-26 01:28:05
This is cool, but it seems like most of the secular trend in your bottom graph is probably due to increasing hashpower, right? That is, the actual distribution of interblock times has a mean under 600s, so it's expected that the distribution of the blockheader deltas would too.  
It might be helpful to try to get a dataset of when people actually first saw the blocks, to normalize against that.
@_date: 2016-11-06 01:41:41
In case you (or readers) weren't aware, this approach is called the Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption Scheme: 
The more you know! (I discovered this when I needed to implement something to perform this exact operation.)
@_date: 2019-08-12 02:01:44
You are probably trolling, but if not: You may be having a manic episode. Are you seeing a psychiatrist? I'm sure this sounds like I'm just trying to be mean, but I'm really not. I am experienced with Bitcoin and the blockchain, and the things you're saying are gibberish, but you appear to think they are revolutionary. That is a sign of certain types of mental illness, particularly mania. You should seek diagnosis and (if possible) treatment.
@_date: 2016-12-25 21:52:09
My 96-year-old grandmother knows what Bitcoin is. Since she found out I work at Blockstream (or in her words, "that Bitcoin stuff"), every time the Wall Street Journal prints an article on Bitcoin, she cuts it out with scissors and mails it to me with a little sticky note.
It's actually been kind of useful since they beefed up their paywall...
@_date: 2016-12-24 05:51:25
One other thing worth doing if possible -- get a Yubikey, and use FIDO U2F on sites that support it. Most notably this includes Google. (Sadly it does not include any Bitcoin exchanges I'm aware of.)
Ideally, get two Yubikeys and enroll them both, so you have a backup if one of them dies.
@_date: 2016-12-24 05:47:35
There is something _way_ wrong with that log scale. That's like, a Fox News log scale.
19.50 / 1.90 = 10.26
185 / 19.50 = 9.49
1100 / 185 = 5.95
@_date: 2016-12-26 06:37:56
Even if it was not intended this way by the original proposer -- and I tend to try to give people the benefit of the doubt, and frankly it seems like a lot of work and kind of obscure -- this is now something that any bettor taking the other side could do.
@_date: 2019-10-09 16:48:11
... what?
Am I missing something here, or does this answer exactly no questions whatsoever?
@_date: 2016-12-13 07:26:20
The value of this scheme depends on what you're trying to accomplish.
If the goal is that nodes can download the entire blockchain, verify it from the beginning, but discard blocks older than the latest snapshot, I have good news for you: Pruning mode already allows nodes to do this, no network changes required (see  Any summary a miner can compute, another node can compute on its own without outside help.
If the goal is that nodes can skip downloading the blockchain, and go straight to a summary, then my understanding is that this _sort of_ works -- nodes would still need to download and verify the block _headers_ starting at the beginning of time, but not the block _data_, trusting that to the summary. The resulting security level is lower than with full blocks, but not tremendously so (depending on what exactly you're trying to guarantee.) The headers contain the proof of work, so nobody can cheat by presenting a false chain (but you still need to spend CPU verifying the PoW.)
If you try to skip downloading even the headers, then there's a problem: why should a new node trust the summary? When a new node asks a peer for the chain, and they get a snapshot block, how can they tell whether the peer is lying? In the current system, a new arrival gets every block, each of which has proof of work in it, so a lying peer can't produce a chain with more work than the real chain -- to do this, they would have to compute as many hashes as were used to make the real chain! But there's no way to tell how much real work went into a snapshot block if you haven't observed the blocks that came before it.
This is a good general concept, and it's come up in many different guises before. If you search for 'UTXO commitments', you'll find a class of proposals that involve putting just a _hash_ of the UTXO set (that is, the set of current balances on the chain) into each block. Then the UTXO set itself can be distributed any way you like, but it can be checked against the hash.
For another approach, earlier this year Jonas Schnelli proposed something on the bitcoin-dev mailing list:
His proposal involves summaries signed by the developers, instead of posted on the blockchain -- this has the advantage of not needing any consensus code / protocol changes. Of course, as he says, relying on such a summary is a "moderate reduction of the security model."
Another option I've seen proposed -- I don't have a citation handy for this one -- is a compromise: verify the chain before the present, but not all the way back to the beginning. Instead, pick some amount of historical proof of work to verify, and assume everything before that is legitimate. At this moment in history, a downside of this approach is that the hashrate is still growing so fast that any fixed amount of work will not remain a significant amount for very long before the network hashpower eclipses it, but this will be more practical in the future if the hashrate growth slows. (A compromise to the compromise is this: When starting up a new node, get a summary from somewhere, then start verifying the chain from the present backwards, instead of the past forwards. Then you'll get the whole chain eventually, but you can do transactions in the meantime.)
I think the biggest problem with any proposal that puts stuff into the blockchain itself is just the usual issue: Changes to Bitcoin consensus require a lot of coordination and a lot of effort, and there's a limited amount of manpower in the Bitcoin community to work on these things. And the benefit of this class of proposal is limited, in how much decentralization it buys: Miners still need to see every single whole block as it's produced, so they won't benefit from this at all, and decentralization of mining is a key factor. Only non-mining nodes would gain decentralization benefits from the various proposals floating around to reduce the amount of block data they need to download or store.
I realize I've been a bit wordy, so I hope this is helpful for getting a general idea of the landscape of proposals in this area! I'm by no means an expert, but I work with experts, and I try to absorb what I can by osmosis. :-)
(Disclosure: I work for Blockstream, but I do not speak for Blockstream. Any errors in this post are, as always, my own!)
@_date: 2016-12-10 02:49:00
You should treat it as being reduced to effectively nothing, yes. For example, if any of the numbers appear in your contact list, or are close to numbers that appear in your contact list, or likewise for your friends' or relatives' contact lists: Those numbers have effectively no randomness at all. Anybody who can access your phone even for a moment will now know your "brain wallet" passphrase. (And even if they're not in your contact list: Are they in your area code, or an area code of a place you've been or have friends? Then the area code digits are worth nothing for randomness because anybody can guess them. Similarly for the "exchange" which is the 3 digits after the area code -- that's defined by geography, if it's a location that is in any way related to you or anybody you know, it's effectively zero randomness because it's easy to guess.)
EDIT: Also, even if you were using 30 perfectly random decimal digits, that's still too small. That's only about 50 bits. Modern hardware will crack that in a very short time. (I'm not sure how your brainwallet is set up, but if it can be cracked by hashing, a modern bitcoin miner will do it in like 10 minutes.)
@_date: 2016-12-24 05:50:30
Last time I contacted Coinbase about a similar issue (I was trying to use Authy, which the docs promised would disable SMS, but did not do so), their support got back to me and said it was "a recently reported issue that our engineers are working to correct as quickly as possible."
@_date: 2019-10-14 03:03:07
The problem is, the actual guidance doesn't say basically \_anything\_ useful, IMO. The person who wrote it clearly didn't understand what they were writing about. I think it's actually worse than no guidance at all.
Before this "guidance", the most important issue was whether you had "dominion and control" over unclaimed forkcoins. After this "guidance", that's still true -- they reiterate the "dominion and control" standard, which was \_already\_ the legal standard, but there is zero useful clarification about what that means \_in this specific technological context\_ (which, again, the writer obviously doesn't actually understand.)
I have taken, and continue to take, the position that it would be clearly absurd to consider BTC holders to have dominion and control over forkcoins they are not aware of the existence of. I also hold that this is true for coins which they are aware of, but would have to take complex and potentially dangerous steps to claim -- which is effectively true for all of them -- if they choose not to claim those forkcoins because the value is not worth it. (Not to mention that the smaller, shittier forks tend to be very illiquid, so selling them or even establishing a value can be a nightmare.)
@_date: 2019-08-26 01:23:44
There is a somewhat obscure attack, described in section 4.2 of this paper: [ which would allow a sneaky and malicious hardware wallet to leak the user's keys. Unfortunately I'm not aware of any practical way to detect it by inspecting the resulting transaction in any single instance.
The best defense I'm aware of against this kind of attack is to use multisig exclusively, with the signers being different hardware/software platforms (e.g. one signer is a Ledger and the other is a Trezor or Bitcoin Core running on an offline laptop.) That way compromise of both/multiple signers is required to leak keys.  
(PS: Be pleased with yourself that it occurred to you that this type of attack is possible. This is a good application of the security mindset.)
@_date: 2016-11-19 21:35:17
It's actually quite unlikely -- as I mentioned elsewhere in this thread, I did the math, and if you get more than about 6% blocking, the chances of activating anyway are minimal. You can check this yourself in Excel or Google Sheets: 
=BINOMDIST(1915, 2016, 0.94, True)
gives 0.9749532797, which is the chance that 1915 or fewer -- that is, fewer than 95% -- out of 2016 trials (blocks), will be "successes" (signal SegWit), given that each block is a success with probability 0.94. So that's a 97% chance that SegWit will NOT activative, in a given two-week retarget period, if only 94% are signalling for it.
I tried with p=0.9 -- that is, if only 90% are signalling for SegWit -- and got back "1", meaning that Google Sheets doesn't have enough precision to tell me how unlikely it is for SegWit to activate with only 90% signalling for it. It's effectively not possible.
(Disclosure: I work for Blockstream, but I do not speak for Blockstream. My words are my own, an any errors are also my own.)
@_date: 2019-10-14 18:58:16
Yeah, to be clear, I am ONLY talking about what position to HONESTLY take. I have no advice for people trying to avoid their tax obligations. I pay all of mine, and I generally assume that the IRS has (or can get) details analyses of all my transactions.
BCH is arguable either way, I think, but for myself I did indeed sell it immediately (and make the appropriate tax reports accordingly.) But where does it end? Bitcoin Gold and Bitcoin Diamond have been worth as much as 1% of BTC, if I recall correctly -- where can I draw the line? (Keeping in mind that there is ALWAYS technical risk involved in claiming fork-coins, and the risk is much higher for less-technical users. The worst outcome for non-technical users is that you use a fraudulent "coin splitting" site, and end up losing everything on both chains.)
@_date: 2019-08-26 01:59:14
There is another substantial benefit to this, which is that it protects against an ACTUAL mistake in pasting the address or whatever.  
And as mentioned by bundabrg below, you don't necessarily lose anything by spending TO the same address twice, as long as all coins FROM that address are later spent together. However, most wallets don't take any steps to ensure this right now, as far as I know. But IMO the benefits of using a scheme like this outweigh the drawbacks for large sends.
@_date: 2016-12-24 16:04:42
That's true and it's awesome! Kraken doesn't support FIDO U2F, though, but Yubikey OTP. (The former is a newish protocol that is purely based on a private key on the Yubikey device itself, and also works with other non-Yubikey devices; the latter involves third-party Yubico authentication servers as far as I'm aware.) Unless something's changed since last time I checked.
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:30:57
Well, if you keep it on a machine that is connected to the Internet, the biggest risk is probably malware that steals your wallet, which you would tend to get from clicking links in email or on Reddit that you shouldn't. If you keep it on an exchange, the biggest risk is either malware that steals your username and password, or the exchange itself getting hacked, or the exchange going bankrupt or otherwise closing down and not returning the money. If you keep it in a hardware wallet, the biggest risk is probably physical theft. In any of these cases, if you really have more than 5 million dollars of cryptocurrency, there is the danger of someone finding out where you live and breaking into your house. (Imagine telling the Internet you have 5 million dollars of cash under your mattress?)
Beyond those risks there is always also the risk of forgetting the password / hard drive failure / other sorts of non-theft loss. Those aren't a function of disclosing it to the Internet, of course, but they're still pretty serious.
@_date: 2017-09-04 06:33:37
Seriously did you not read the OP though? If you go around telling people on the internet you have 7 million dollars in Super Hackable Internet Money, you're gonna get Super Hacked.
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:03:44
Looking at  and  , I think I would recommend against using the + syntax for versioning. It appears to be reserved for indicating that a standard syntax is used, e.g. +json or +xml. Instead I would recommend either application/lightning-payment-bolt11 , or application/lightning-payment;version=bolt11 . Probably the second, as the RFC in fact gives "revision" as an example of a parameter used in this way. (When you register the mime-type, you choose the semantics of any parameters -- they are not restricted by the media type standard.)
@_date: 2019-09-04 02:24:49
This is neat but there's a much faster way to check dice for gross balance issues: the saltwater float test. (See e.g. [ .)
One thing to note in particular: EVERY time I've seen this done, one result has been that you can't trust opaque dice. Transparent/translucent dice are always much better balanced. (I assumed this was because opaque dice are made more cheaply with trapped air bubbles, since you can't see them. But the answer at this link says that even transparent dice with VISIBLE air bubbles are better, and proposes an alternate explanation.)
@_date: 2015-09-17 06:51:30
There are two issues here: one, as mentioned in the existing reply to you, the issue was key generation and not signing. Two, it's possible to sign with ECDSA in a way that uses randomness, or in a "derandomized" way that does not. The latter doesn't use any entropy and is safe if you don't trust your RNG. A lot of people do the former, which predates the latter.
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:27:07
As a Bitcoin technologist, and not a CPA, my feeling is that it would be unreasonable for the IRS to require people to perform specific identification based on actual delivery, versus FIFO. There are a lot of challenges involved in tracking actual delivery, and in fact because Bitcoins can be split and merged, it's not always possible to identify "which coins" were delivered at a technical level. (I don't actually know whether the theory is that both FIFO and specific identification of actual delivery would be allowed for reporting, or only the latter.)
I think it would be much more sensible for the IRS to allow both FIFO and optional specific identification, but devising a method of performing specific identification on Bitcoins is challenging at best. I would be happy to help devise such a thing, but I don't think anybody's looking for my opinion. :-)
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:35:47
Your claim that "crypto-to-crypto exchanges are not formally taxed" is a delusional claim with no basis in reality. Why are you giving people tax advice on Reddit while simultaneously pretending you think people shouldn't give tax advice on Reddit?
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:15:25


This is a completely insane and dangerous claim with no basis in reality.
It was a dubious claim before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was passed, but as of 12/31/2017 [EDIT: I mean transactions occurring after that date], the law is very clear that ONLY realestate-to-realestate transactions can be like-kind exchanges qualifying for 1031 treatment.
Also, there is no conceivable way that a crypto to real estate exchange would ever have been allowed to have section 1031 "like kind" treatment. If you think this was ever allowed, you are VERY DEEPLY confused about what section 1031 is for, and what "like kind" means. (Hint: It means the thing you're trading out of and the thing you're trading into are "the same" or similar in the eyes of the law. It's an open question whether this could previously have been true between one cryptocurrency and another, but it was never true of cryptocurrency and real estate, and as of 2018 it is no longer true, by law, of anything but real estate and other real estate.)
EDIT: I assume pcvcolin is going respond that I'm wrong, so let me preemptively link the actual text of the bill: 
Search for "13303" which is the section where the changes to like-kind exchanges are spelled out. (It may be slightly challenging to interpret the text of the law without context, but at least you can see for yourself what it says. Note that "real property" is legal-speak for "real estate", which definitely excludes cryptocurrencies. To fully understand the bill, you also need to read the section it's changing, 1031(a)(1), which you can find here:  -- the site already says "real property" because the bill was passed and that's what the law says now; it said "property" before.)
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:18:43
You are wildly wrong. (See my reply above on pcvcolin's comment.)
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:20:01
What's your understanding of the legality of reporting anything other than FIFO? Do you believe that taxpayers are free to choose any of the options given at tax reporting time? (I believe this is not true, and that anything other than FIFO or possibly average cost (which I'm slightly unclear on) requires specific identification of lots to have been performed _at the time of sale_, not the time of reporting -- but I'm interested to hear your thoughts.)
@_date: 2018-04-13 23:10:34
PMed, thanks!
@_date: 2017-05-02 14:57:35
The btc-e vouchers scam email I got used an old username that I only ever used on bitcointalk during a narrow window. I'm not sure whether the old username is visible on my account now. So if bitcointalk was hacked and the database dumped a few years ago, as I see some people saying, that's probably where these are coming from.
@_date: 2015-10-04 16:55:05
This is essentially what Greg Maxwell's "segregated witness" does; the txid no longer covers the signature in that scheme. But it's difficult to get there from here (to add that in a way that's backwards-compatible with existing Bitcoin.)
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:15:19
For colored coin systems to work requires the cooperation of each person who is transacting with the colored coins. In any colored-coin system, if you have a transaction with two 1s inputs -- one colored red, one colored blue -- and a single 2s output, at the output of that transaction the colors are lost.
This is prevented in colored coin systems because presumably the colored inputs are much more valuable than individual satoshis, so no participating wallet would be stupid enough to melt them down.
@_date: 2018-04-13 22:22:28
Are you charitablesolutionsllc.com? 
If not, I'd love to talk about your rates for cryptocurrency appraisals, since I previously believed they were the only people in that market.
(If you are, I have questions for you that I emailed but didn't get a response. :-) )
@_date: 2015-10-13 18:01:22
Glenn here, Core Tech Engineer at Blockstream.
The functionary boxes validate both the Liquid blockchain, as well as any transfers out of Liquid. They perform this function autonomously and without human intervention -- the rules they are designed to enforce are written in code, just like the Bitcoin validation rules. They are hosted by multiple independent companies, in a K-of-N signature scheme, to ensure that the rules are followed as written; but they are also hardened against tampering as an additional protective measure.
@_date: 2015-10-14 01:13:34
You're correct -- it's intentionally very difficult to make hardforking changes to the system. We have various options, including a planned upgrade mechanism that gives us a certain amount of flexibility, as well as cold spare functionary hardware that we can ship out if need be.
@_date: 2015-02-21 17:58:08
I'm interested in learning more about your project -- does it have documentation somewhere I can read? 
Also, have you heard about  ? (Speaking of things that make it easier to run a home server.)