@_author: gwkang2
@_date: 2018-01-12 00:05:34
Spaces are used as thousands separators in the international system of units. 
International System of Units - Wikipedia
Maybe we should just all use that since... international
@_date: 2018-01-12 03:05:54
I grew up using both commas and spaces. Commas were what I preferred for the majority of my young life. It's just easier on the eyes. 
I use spaces now because it's what I had to use in engineering school. Our books were either in SI with scientific notation or SI with e-notation and/or engineering notation. Almost everything in my day to day job is a combination of SI and the different notations and commas(mainly things in Excel that is not meant for Matlab or sim input data) only ever see . as a separator on reddit. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:51:21
Plot twist...it was Jamie Dimon
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:12:10
Also in industry if only people could see warranty data from any company on any car will make people rethink their definitions. Typically though the people to still beat are Toyota and Lexus. Mazda has been climbing the ranks as of late. They aren't doing anything special but they are doing the little things very well and it's making the sum of their parts something to be watched.  It's not saying that they don't have problems. Typically things are designed and tested for a specific platform or vehicle on a specific model year, they get the most budget from a financial and timeline perspective. Then they may get adopted on to something "close enough" they are supposed to go through the same testing "supposed" but the machine is big and big machines sometimes miss things or miscalculate and sometimes the proper budget isn't allocated to support a change properly. Like that rattling in that trim or switch gear carried over wasn't tested enough to make sure the natural frequency met the new environment it is going in to. Or that head lamp bulb that blows out after 6 months on the new car vs 3+ years on the old car because the new car drove it at +.7 or so volts above the spec to get that long life out of it. Or that engine that is paired with inferior cooling system is now operating knock limited more of the time than it should be.
