@_author: gwythinn
@_date: 2014-07-11 22:48:51
Not ante.  Auntie.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:13:10
And what happened after the dot-com bubble?  The tech industry became stabler -- not stable, not bubble-free, but stabler than it was -- and companies of real value were born.  We had another, smaller bubble a few years later, which also collapsed, and again left a new crop of survivor companies which are still providing value today.  We are still seeing a cycle of smaller and smaller booms and busts in the technology industry, with the still-young world wide web taking its place alongside many old-school industries.  Without the bubbles, the media coverage, the investment dollars, and the attention of the masses, it may never have caught on.  But *because* of the bubbles, it did.
So it is with Bitcoin. Pooh-poohing Bitcoin today because it lost a lot of value over the past couple of days is like looking at the internet in 2001 and deciding that it's going nowhere and there's no value in it because Pets.com and WebVan flopped.  When new ideas are still new, they are not stable.  This is not a quality of the ideas themselves, but of the newness.  Today Bitcoin trades like a commodity because it is new.  As it catches on, it will stabilize and grow into a currency, just as the internet has stabilized and grown into a major part of our lives and thriving industry.
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:58:22
Alright, then...  I shall agree to disagree.  :)
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:29:13


Maybe.  But remember that we're not discussing "is bitcoin a bubble?" but "are bubbles inherently bad?".  And


is not sufficient to make the answer "yes".  People lose their shirts all the time for all kinds of reasons.  In the short view, it sucks.  While I didn't have funds to invest in the dot com boom, I work in tech, and I remember getting laid off in the dot com bust, searching for work, finding none, and eventually giving up (for a while) when the news reported that unemployment had gone DOWN, not because people were finding jobs, but because unemployment only counts people who are *looking* for work, and a large number of people substantially more qualified than I had GIVEN  UP.  It's shitty.  In the short run.
But in the long run, I have a job today working for a stable and thriving software-as-a-service company which was founded a few years later.  A company that never would have existed if it weren't for the Kozmo.coms and the CueCat.coms that made "internet" a household word.  After a decade passes, having lost your shirt ceases to be the end of the world and becomes just something that happened once on the road to success.  Today the same mechanism is at work in the Bitcoin world.  Even if the dot com bubble was a bad thing for some people, it was a good thing for the internet industry and for the economy as a whole.  Even if people lose their shirts in Bitcoin bubbles, "Bitcoin" is becoming a household word and there's no telling how big an industry may spring up around it -- or another cryptocurrency -- in ten years.
In both high tech and Bitcoin, in the short term, bubbles have negative consequences for those caught up in them.  In the long-term, bubbles have benefits that outweigh the costs.
(Note that the housing bubble was a different and more sinister animal altogether, and I have nothing positive to say about it.)