@_author: gyverlb
@_date: 2016-08-26 22:15:32
You can see the whole history of any Wikipedia article including the authors of each and every change. So... no
@_date: 2016-08-26 22:56:03
You don't say.
Unless you don't know how Wikipedia works, you'll realize making up pseudonyms isn't relevant to this particular page which has seen more than 300 edits over 10 years by dozens of different pseudonyms and has an healthy Talk section where parts of the page are debated.
Maybe you can explain how the page is the work of a single man ?
Do you believe that this single man is using dozens of avatars (most of them active on many other Wikipedia pages) criticizing himself and even reverting some of his changes with a detailed explanation of why he's doing so ?
You are making a surprising claim and don't bother to back it up with any evidence and then you imply I might be slow. Yeah, I'm slow: I take the time to check actual evidence, sue me.
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:10:23
If they really want a scalable solution they should start working on Lightning.
But before that they have to complete their support of Segwit. For example : 
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:33:15
If you and your spouse both had access to the wallet, each one of you should create a new private wallet, compute the fees needed to move the coins around and split it in half by sending half of what will remain after the fees are substracted to each new wallet.
If you have a lot of "dust" (very small unspent transactions), computing the fees can be a challenge and many wallets can make it hard to control which UTXOs are used (selecting the less costly to spend which makes later transactions more costly). In this case you could move the funds by increments to avoid getting a big difference of fees for the last transaction. Ideally use a wallet which allows you to simulate transactions from selected adresses (Electrum can do it) to make sure you can move the coins without a large fee difference.
To avoid any misunderstanding validate the process with your lawyers and have them present if needed.
Edit : I think you can make a multiple-output transaction with Electrum, it would avoid any complexity by moving the coins in a single transaction which would make it dead easy to make sure that you have a 50-50 split instead of tediously computing fees trying to guess how much they will be for several transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:53:15


IIRC from what I read a couple of years ago the only thing a powerful quantum computer could do is break addresses that were used as a source for a transfer, not a destination (ie: publishing an address doesn't make it breakable, only spending from it).  There are two workarounds that I know of :
* If it comes to that Bitcoin clients can simply force any transaction to empty the source addresses used in a transaction and send whatever remains to a new one in the same transaction. If you break the address there's nothing in there to steal.
  This would leave an opportunity to double spend if the quantum computer is able to crack the address fast enough after seeing the transaction but it won't be an easy task and assumes that finding the private key can be done with less cost than the value of bitcoins being protected by the key (which means wallets could distribute their content between as many addresses as needed to make the attack worthless).
* Bitcoin is evolving and this theoretical attack is known : a proper countermeasure making the attack not only unprofitable but impossible will most probably be in place long before the attack approaches being practical.
@_date: 2017-12-07 13:11:32
I didn't even know Tether existed a short while ago so I might not be the most knowledgeable source on this matter. That said...
* Tether seems to amount to approximately $800,000,000 (source : 
* Each day the total amount of public transactions (not including activity on exchanges) amounts to around 250,000 BTC, which is currently nearly $4,000,000,000 (source : 
* The BTC market cap is currently around one quarter of a trillion dollar.
I assume that Tether is correctly accounted for (there's not more of them that we don't know about) and that the only problem is that they might not be backed by $ as stated. If all Tethers were not backed this would remove $800,000,000 of value suddenly. It would probably have a measurable impact but I don't believe it would last much : 5 hours later the same amount would have already changed hands out of the exchanges.
Edit : add source for amount of tx/day
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:46:10


I think this can't be stressed enough. Bitcoin is a proven technology but is also a large ecosystem which - as a whole - survived several attacks already.
Any Bitcoin fork inherits the technology but doesn't necessarily get or replace :
* the developers and their track record,
* the community which has invested billions in it,
* the hash power which makes it secure and stable.
Look at the 2 most recent blockchain forks of Bitcoin (Cash and Gold) : they are tiny in comparison and are purely speculative right now (thanks for the free bitcoins btw...) with almost no service (the only use I found for B-cash is buying Antminers and arguably it may be the only thing sustaining its current price...). Although there were doomsday scenarios for B-cash Bitcoin was not disturbed at all by its creation and still goes along quite well.
For the ones here that weren't around at the time, Bitcoin even survived the accidental August 2010 value overflow fork which could have been devastating in theory : miners and developers coordinated to resolve the problem in a matter of hours. Some people even donated bitcoins to pools affected by the fork (whose blocks where orphaned). Look at how Ethereum reacted in a similar situation : they got Ethereum Classic (arguably this is caused by both a development process and a community problem).
The only real competition can only come for cryptocurrencies addressing other markets but even then they have to compete against sidechains based on the Bitcoin blockchain which can be more flexible than Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2017-12-27 12:18:04
WARNING: wallet encryption only applies encryption to the wallet generated from the seed on software wallets. Unless it is a non standard seed, recovering the wallet from the seed gives you the decrypted wallet (this is at least how Electrum works).
If you need to protect the coins from the seed being stolen, you'll have to use BIP39 passphrases (several if you want to create several wallets from the same seed). This is what Trezor and Ledger are using : they don't crypt the seed, they more or less add a 25th component to the seed separate from the normal seed so that if the passphrase is strong enough stealing only the seed won't be enough to get the coins.
@_date: 2015-06-12 17:48:37
Bitcoin is blockchain-based. The miners are the only ones controlling the blockchain since the very first block and this is one of if not the most important design decision made by Satoshi.
If you don't agree with miners controlling the blockchain, you should not use cryptocurrencies based on a blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-20 10:54:56
It doesn't include it. It's the top of a Merkle tree which includes a hash of it. If you don't understand that and why it makes your argument nonsensical you don't understand much about Bitcoin security.
@_date: 2015-06-20 10:57:52
Ancient stuff:
@_date: 2015-06-12 17:53:49
Note that exchanges and merchants can choose to ignore a fork (so have some "voting" power) but if they don't agree with the majority of the miners they expose themselves to security problems. If for example exchanges and merchants were remaining on a fork with only 1% of the hashing power, it would be trivial for attackers in the other 99% to launch lucrative attacks that would destroy its value. So in the end miners are the only ones with real voting powers.
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:07:28


No, electricity costs rise and fall mostly according to the profitability of mining equipment. That's more or less the basis behind the equilibrium reached by mining.
BTCers might not have thought through this problem but Satoshi did and you didn't.
@_date: 2015-01-06 20:27:13
The only nodes that really matter are the ones with hashing power and run by exchanges. You only need to convince a subset of pool operators managing &gt;50% of the hashrate to trigger a situation where everyone must switch or suffer serious problems. Others will have to follow or the network will split which would have dire consequences for everyone (exchanges and payment services not accepting coins would seriously damage Bitcoin's reputation). A fork like this would be prepared long before happening (in this case 1 year in advance wouldn't be surprising) with a version supporting larger blocks only after a given block in the future to help the transition go smoothly.
@_date: 2015-01-07 19:05:08
I'm not sure what you are getting at. The reality of all blockchains using proofs of any kind is that if a subset of people controlling more than 50% of the proofs decides on a fork, the others are better of following them than trying to remain on the other side. And until most purchases switch to cryptocurrencies, it's a fact that the community will follow the side backed by exchanges or watch their own side of the fork coin value plummet.
It's not necessarily a bad thing: making sure that most people have an incentive to remain on the same side avoids network splits for frivolous reasons which would harm everyone. If there is a voluntary fork on a blockchain like Bitcoin's it will be for a really polarising subject and not for a technical detail like the maximum block size.
@_date: 2015-01-06 20:28:33
I'm not aware of these new versions of the protocol. Are you confusing node versions and protocol versions?
@_date: 2015-01-12 03:48:03
The error rate is usually 1 bit every 12.5TB to 125TB. So you would have to recover from such an error by revalidating the blocks every 2 to 20 years at ~5TB/year. Given the life expectancy of hard drives I don't see this as much of a problem (you might have affordable multi-terabyte SSDs when the problem actually manifests on hard drives after 2 years of delay for the new limit to activate and maybe one more year for the blockchain to reach this speed).
If you still think the risk is too great use redundancy and BTRFS or ZFS (both use checksums to detect this problem and correct it).
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:12:48
I originally thought the title was sarcastic but  apparently didn't understand how Bitcoin mining reaches equilibrium so downvoted to avoid confusion.
@_date: 2016-11-26 23:45:32
I guess it is to protect from a temporary blockchain fork caused by a bug. 100 confirmations is usually ~ 16-17 hours, this leaves time to contact major users of a buggy implementation to avoid them using invalid coins.
When buggy implementations are fixed and rejoin the main chain, almost all transactions can be replayed but transactions using invalid coins can't. The last time a notable fork happened (IIRC caused by a bug in old BerkeleyDB storage implementation which was not replicated in the new LevelDB implementation and a default max block size increase) it was resolved in a matter of hours and nobody ever could try to use invalid coins generated during this fork.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:30:16
Still a very small part of the puzzle. From the video what I get is that in 2004 they hid 2.8 billions and this cost Greece an additional 1.5 billion to do so. There's a "5.1 billion" mentioned later on as a consequence (probably accumulated interests but there's no rigourous numbers).
That Goldman Sachs was involved in this and managed to profit from it is not a big surprise (see the mortgage crisis in the U.S. for a previous reference) but it's only an event in what appears to be a long descent into hell.
This implies that the state of the country in 2004 was already bad (how much debt did Greece have, what caused it and what was its capacity to reimburse it at the time) so this raises even more questions. Obviously over events/choices after 2004 probably explain the current situation.
What I'd like to see is the amount of the debt, the interest rates and the capacity for reimbursement on a timeline with details on each and every event modifying them.
@_date: 2015-07-13 18:06:51


Sorry for the long post. TL;DR: be realistic, don't trust your State, remain free and always have a backup plan.
Their State spent their sovereignty long ago by borrowing money they weren't sure of being able to reimburse. When a State borrows money they can't repay the result is the same one an individual would get. The only choice they eventually get if they want money is selling their assets (and maybe which one if they are lucky).
It's almost comical that days ago Greece was championed as a model for democracy because they had a referendum about nothing and now is victim of a coup because the referendum was confirmed to be about nothing.
Just face it: Greece was doomed long ago and it can't realistically expect to be helped: people, especially large groups of people are egoistical and prefer to ignore you and let you die if it doesn't hurt them (otherwise the rest of the world would already have invaded North Korea to overthrow their government and give them a taste of their own medicine even if it did mean risking a war with China).
I'm actually surprised about this subject invading r/Bitcoin especially considering that Bitcoin actually gives you the means of financial freedom (what do we care about people willingly surrendering their own?). The way I see it is that whatever you do in the end your own liberties are your responsibility, if you don't educate yourself about what your State is doing that will eventually compromise them you have to expect to lose them. It doesn't mean that you will actually be able to keep them or won't have to compromise, but it's better than surrendering yourself to whatever the majority of your part of the globe seems to tolerate.
If people where:
* paying more attention to what the politicians they are voting for are doing for their future instead of what they promise and how they react on the spot,
* making them accountable for it.
maybe this kind of cluster**** wouldn't happen. Unfortunately democracies don't work that way, people still don't realize that their primary assets are learning how to think and how to get information to think about and happily surrender their liberties in exchange of vague promises about safety that are only being kept by cheer luck.
I always thought that given the history and populists record everywhere I couldn't be sure to be safe in any country including my own for my entire life (just look at the history and try to find a ~80-years period in any country where nobody was oppressed and everybody enjoyed prosperity and compare that with the rest). I don't understand how anyone can realistically believe otherwise. Obviously being indoctrinated doesn't help but what can be done about victims of indoctrination? They actively fight you when you try to help and it seems the most you can hope to achieve is broadcasting the information you think could help them.
As long as democracy doesn't suffer too much from the ignorance of the people it's actually quite nice (and probably the best you can realistically hope for in the foreseeable future), but never bet for it to last. When I was younger emigrating was not a problem if I felt like it. Now I'm nearly 40 and moving present more challenges but I still maintain a list of countries I'm able and willing to emigrate to and how I would transfer my assets in case my State decides to screw me past my limit of tolerance. Now I have some alternative plans involving being able to reach self-sustainability and own diversified assets in cases of urgencies for my old days.
Edit: still learning bullet lists in Markdown...
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:06:43
At least here's the current situation as reported in 
There's a total of ~300 billions of debt. Greece population is ~11 millions. This means that it's equivalent to a situation where each and every person in Greece had currently a loan of ~27k€ to repay (including children and retired workers). No wonder they are in bad shape: a family of four has to make an effort for ~110k€ worth of debt.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:01:15
After days of sensationalist titles and articles without substance, I still don't have any clear picture of where the responsibilities for this giant cluster**** lie.
Could someone point me to an objective and clear chronological presentation of how the Greek debt built up, and which actions or inactions by all parties involved made the situation worse?
@_date: 2016-09-02 11:17:14
Electrum or Ethereum ?
The first one is a bitcoin wallet, the second an altcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-05 19:44:00
Same here : I was interested by the latest Humble Mobile Bundle and just found out that I couldn't pay for it with bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-09-26 18:23:52
It looks like a reference to Tesla model 3 reservations and the following process.
@_date: 2018-07-07 16:37:13
Phishing scam (bitmain.com states there isn't any other webshops selling their products).
@_date: 2015-09-06 23:43:55
Why is a pool becoming more profitable because of larger blocks still a concern today?
There are:
* technical solutions like these ones:  
* continuous increases in bandwidth/CPU/memory/storage,
* incentives to avoid centralization which already have been proven to influence miners and pools (P2Pool was born from this, pools raised their fees when approaching 50%, ...)
Only one of these needs to be true to invalidate the centralization argument. I'm not sure if BIP101 is the best long-term solution, but the centralization argument needs to be quantified to be taken seriously before being used as an argument against any block-size limit change plan.
What is ironic is that China-based pools (at least Antpool, F2pool, BTCChina Pool if I'm not mistaken) are already centralizing ~50% of the mining power in a country with only 19% of the world's population. This centralization doesn't seem to bother people too much although it's based on the price of a commodity too (cheap electricity instead of cheap bandwidth). Pools will simply have to move where the cheap bandwidth is. Miners don't have to move: they use stratum to connect to pools and stratum won't use more with larger blocks. Why should we protect pools with bad networks? If PoolA is profiting from its bandwidth, why should we support PoolB choice to remain on a shitty network by limiting block sizes?
@_date: 2018-04-16 18:46:45
Google Hashcash
@_date: 2015-03-22 20:09:53
This is a distributed system, you can't control synchronisation between nodes because you can't control the code they run and their environment. This is why we have the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-02-16 15:23:27
Forests need funding since people and corporations started to cut them faster than they can grow because... profit.
I think there are two ways to avoid deforestation depending on the local political choices:
* outlaw it in delimited reserves (which means people accept the state to get less money for the land than may be possible which means they'll have to pay more taxes for the same services provided by the state),
* pay the owner of the forest enough money to keep it so that it's more profitable for them than starting to cut everything in sight.
The first is more robust (rainforest mismanagement is a sad and common example of tragedy of the commons) but not always possible.
@_date: 2015-03-22 19:54:40
I don't understand how referencing the last known block would help against double-spend. It would allow honest people to create invalid transactions (delay of block propagation, orphan blocks, ...) though...
@_date: 2016-07-05 17:11:37
No: until you find a block your work is worthless by definition so nothing is nullified.