@_author: h0lyhitman
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:26:35
Ya, the mods did not want to have the title mention craig wright. They were cool about it once i got ahold of them but in order to get unflagged they wanted me to change the title of my post, I agreed and took down the old post... I apologize your comments arent there. I liked your viewpoint and our discussion i felt was very interesting
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:28:47
And truth be told i think you were the first one to watch the vid cause most people have been thinking its a vid defending craig wrights bs lol
@_date: 2019-04-18 01:48:18
Agreed thats the whole point, at the end i mentioned that the best way to beat craig wright is to take him to court and prove it.
However, whats disturbing is the fact that all these exchanges are militantly delisting the coin after one person said they were going to. 
My question i guess ultimately would be whats worse? Beat craig wright by taking him to court in a counter sue that may take a few years of litigation or destroy him now and potentially give a handful of exchanges essentially unlimited power to do what they want. If they can do it to BSV they can do it to any other crypto.
Appreciate you given my vid a watch and giving me some criticism that ill keep in mind. I still hope craig wright gets whats coming to him i prefer it be done the right way.
@_date: 2019-04-17 19:58:09
I'm not entirely sure why this has been flagged but would like clarification of possible to understand
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:05:12
Truth be told i find it hard to believe anyone who is a retail investor has invested any money in BSV. I feel like most of it is either traders or Craig Wrights lackeys. Still i suppose its possible somebody out there genuinely likes BSV. Stranger things have happened.
You bring a fair point, so many exchanges are over saturated with dead coins, ponzis, or just straight up cons. The centralized exchanges are the ones who listed them though and have been taking people for a ride by keeping them on there for trading. I guess my thought would be if they really cared about the average person they would get rid of those along with BSV. To me the whole exchanges vs Craig Wright seem like virtue signalling to garner positive faith amongst the communities.
@_date: 2019-04-17 18:42:36
I agree, i want craig wright to be proven a fraud but utilizing the proper channels. With binance I feel this whole thing will backfire on them ultimately. Rights thats what one of the utilities would be regarding BNB. If im a platform developer why would i want to pay to have my coin placed on a dex ran by a company known to delist coins for personal reasons. Or turn a community against one. Craig wright sucks but having a gang of rule makers is even worse. Thanks for the comments and watching the vid i appreciate that and any critisicm you may have while watching! :)