@_author: h3larvw9
@_date: 2016-08-06 16:40:01
Let's focus the discussion on how to compensate the loss and getting the site back in a secure manner.
urlate never mentioned that you might also lose your job if BFX does not survive.
@_date: 2016-08-06 18:20:20
It would not say it is fair exactly. But, it is for minimizing the damage. Some people think that they can get 64% back if Bitfinex goes bankrupt. Just thinking about the time and legal trouble, I will take that 64% and the token. You can recover from that. With a lawsuit and bankruptcy process, I will feel losing 100%. The stolen coins will also not be tracked and the hacker(s) and lawyers will be the last people smiling. Now, if Bitfinex want to reassure that the hack is not an inside job, attack back the hacker(s). See:
Remeber: TIME is MONEY.
@_date: 2016-08-06 16:49:49
Doesn't the current announcement suggest that they may get a BFX labeled token? If you trade with it, will your coin/usd labeled with that as well? This should be handled with extreme caution and should be discussed extensively before making a decision.
@_date: 2016-08-08 12:52:24
(b) many people have suggested a list already. I am not going to repeat those good ones. I am going to list those important for everyone who isn't an accountant or lawyer, you can show that how the loss was calculated (it is important for users to know if Bitfinex got a haircut or not and how much), how many BFX tokens are generated (you must use one of the blockchain technology e.g. ETH or CounterParty to keep track of the flow of BFX tokens).
However, these transparencies are not enough. You have to make BFX tokens valuable. How do you do this in such a situation? I think the only way is to do what others have done. Remember there are BTC burning account when they create a new coin and want to get funded. You can make the hacker(s)' bitcoin address effectively a burn account. Anything that comes from this stolen BTC address must be confiscated because you generated BFX token. If Bitfinex users want to get their assets back, I cannot think of any other way of doing it. Attack the hacker and only a big exchange like Bitfinex can do that. And, only this can save Bifinex. If Bitfinex can achieve this, I think more new customers will come and other exchange will definitely follow this because this effectively prevent being hacked in a way not related to those endless security holes people can never fix or inside jobs that people can never avoid.
After all, bitcoins itself have no value until people recognize it. So, if we (Bitfinex and its users) do not recognize those stolen bitcoins and replace them with BFX token, BFX token will have values.
@_date: 2016-08-06 18:44:30
I think whether people want BFX-bucks depends on the rate of return. As shares of iFinex, this can be some good investment. But, you need to(a) fix whatever security problems you had or still have; (b) be more transparent in many areas; (c) fight back the hacker(s) to show that it is not an inside job to regain trust.
@_date: 2016-08-08 13:34:02
Why does everyone ignoring the blockchain technology in this case? The solution to prevent theft is bitcoin itself! If Bitfinex survives and will confiscate any coins that comes in with an origin from the stolen bitcoins, you will effectively render the coins useless. Bitfinex does not need to force other exchange to follow because people will be aware of whether their bitcoins are stolen or not. Then, other exchanges will follow because their customers will ask them not to give stolen bitcoins during withdrawal. When they see this as a way to prevent hackers to steal from their exchange, they will follow. When exchanges follow, miners will follow.
**When those stolen BTCs are burned/frozen in such manner, we can replace the stolen BTCs with BFX token. This is the only way to make everyone agree that BFX token has its value.**
@_date: 2016-08-06 16:33:42
I think most traders can accept this since crypto can easily fluctuate 10% a few times a month.
@_date: 2016-08-09 01:30:46
You don't need to do a title search as a user once all miners agree to this. The miners just don't put those stolen coins into any new transactions. They can discard the zero or low fee transactions so it is easy and doable. So, if your bank receive some counterfeit money or tainted stolen money, will they recirculate them with an ATM? If everyone can agree something is stolen, there is no reason to let the thief get away by saying coins have to remain fungible. If everyone except the thief agrees on it, fungibility has nothing to do with it.
It is more like voting by the community and executed by exchange operators and miners. Why shouldn't it be done when it is for the benefit of everyone except the thief?
@_date: 2016-08-08 16:21:59
This will not explain the over the limit withdraw. So, don't waste your time on this theory. It can be an inside job or some highly skilled hacker(s).
@_date: 2016-08-05 21:54:00
I also wonder why FDIC insured accounts cover Bitfinex's ass when no money is stolen from their bank. Could someone explain? Zane?
@_date: 2016-08-06 17:59:16
forgot to mention that your ETC may be converted to today's value if it goes thru the bankruptcy. Who knows what your 64% ETC will become if you get it back now? Think about it. It is better than go bankrupt.
Anyone, please correct me if I am wrong about this. I do not know about the laws.
@_date: 2016-08-06 17:08:01
Unless BFX coin is equivalent to a share of the company, I would rather that they label the crypto coins and USD with BFX. Then, user can pay the fees with BFX labeled tokens and earn dividends. Perhaps, what I suggest is still bad. We need to make everyone happy with their BFX and make it a profitable investment to keep Bitfinex alive.