@_author: h_lance
@_date: 2018-09-08 18:53:59
1) He's completely accurately describing the way bitcoin prices are determined, it's just not Goldman Sachs that's usually doing it (not that they don't do similar things in other contexts), it's his own bitcoin buddies.
2) Goldman Sachs did contribute, whether wittingly or unwittingly.  They announced plans to "explore a bitcoin desk or something" and then later announced that they had changed their mind.  Legal but clearly these announcements could be predicted to cause a price pump and a price drop, respectively.  Did anyone at GS sell bitcoin as an individual after the "bitcoin desk" announcement?  Who knows?  
@_date: 2018-09-27 17:23:05
Bitcoin shills are extremely happy about the misery in Venezuela.  Basically, they're thrilled that some people who still have some money in Venezuela and are trying to get it out of the country might try buying bitcoin out of desperation.  Why are they thrilled by that?  So that the price of bitcoin will be pushed up and they can take advantage of desperate Venezuelans.
They also participate in some right wing/libertarian sloganeering about Venezuela.  Let's review some of their arguments.  "The government of Venezuela uses the term 'socialism', therefore any program for the common good anywhere in the world is eeeeevvvvvviiiilllll just like Venezuela!!!!".  "The government of Venezuela is one of the worst governments in the world, therefore all governments, life the governments of Australia, Netherlands, etc, are eeeeevvvvviiiillll just like Venezuela".  "Therefore you must give me a lot of USD for my bitcoin so I can haz lambo".
EDIT - I'm not sure who down voted this but I am sick and tired of seeing bitcoin shills gloating about Venezuela.  
@_date: 2018-11-05 19:30:08
Bitcoin does not take power away from those institutions.  I'm not necessarily in favor of the policies of the World Bank or IMF but bitcoin does not take power away from them.
Also, as a shill, the value of anyone's expertise to you is measured by how much they shill bitcoin.  If an economist does shill bitcoin, it's proof that bitcoin is going to the moon.  But if an economist doesn't shill bitcoin, it's proof that economists are tools of the state, or wait, no, international organizations, or whatever.  If they shill bitcoin, it makes their credentials valuable, whatever those credentials may be.  If they're skeptical of bitcoin, there's always something about them to explain it away.  
@_date: 2018-11-05 19:48:46
It wouldn't surprise me.  Near zero wouldn't surprise me.  There is almost no use for it now except speculation.  Yes, it's also to some degree used as a crude way to disguise identity of illegal transactions, but there are many other potential ways to do that, and its value from that is nowhere near it's current \*claimed\* dollar value.  And the same things that make it a failure as a legal currency (no ability to increase supply fast enough to meet increasing adoption, etc) ultimately make it a failure for illegal transactions.  So it's basically a bubble asset with no inherent value.  It's already unclear what would happen if a hodler decided to sell out for $6400 per bitcoin right now.  I'm not 100% sure that the listed price can even be received in US dollars in a reasonable period of time.  It may already be worth far less than claimed price in terms of actual cash value.  But at any rate, bubbles tend to burst.  If panic sets in, that rumble you hear in the background will be a mad lemming herd rush to dump it for dollars, any dollars, before the next guy can't.  And it could go to zero or close very, very quickly indeed if that happens.
@_date: 2018-11-24 17:56:20


Crypto not required.  


Great if you think it's fun, but that's a bunch of time wasting nonsense that proves how worthless crytpo actually is.  You could have spent the same amount of time doing software projects for something useful.










1) Crypto not required.  
2) If you try to be the one person in a million to pay for a pizza with crypto you'll make a spectacle of yourself and end up anything but anonymous.  And won't get any pizza.  
@_date: 2018-12-11 14:44:27
Is that a joke?  If you can't sell it to anyone for real money, price is zero, no matter what your initial investment.  I'm not saying that's going to happen, but it is not hypothetically impossible.  
@_date: 2018-12-21 20:17:51
No.