@_author: h_to_tha_ov
@_date: 2015-06-01 12:43:12
Dog and pony show.
@_date: 2014-02-24 02:53:04
I'm the head of the BSA department at my bank, so I can speak somewhat as to how folks in the industry view Bitcoin. The large banks likely have the resources to identify most deposits into or withdrawals from Bitcoin. They get intense scrutiny from the OCC large, and yes, the trend throughout the industry relative to AML risk is "shut it down." At the small to mid-sized banks, which don't typically have as much resources for BSA, they're having trouble tracking Bitcoin. The hottest question is, "how the hell would I know if my customer's buying or selling bitcoin?" Followed up with "And what do I do about it if they are?" Just in conversations with other BSA folks, many of them will ask you to knock it off or shut down the account. It's a combination of fear of the boogeyman regulator and the media hype surrounding the Silk Road that creates actions such as those.
There's a common misconception that banks will file SARs without much thought. Certainly some will file "defensively" if they exhaust resources and can't find a legitimate explanation for unusual transactions, but each bank has their own form of due process when it comes to SAR decision making. Filing a SAR is a significant cost to a bank (I'd say at least 4 hours per report, but it can vary wildly based on the circumstances), and usually one not worth the income the SAR subject brings to the table, which is actually one of the most common reasons why customers engaging in activity considered "high risk" get exited. Personally, I don't see it as black and white as my colleagues may. Sure, we monitor for Coinbase usage, but that alone wouldn't trigger any action. I'd want to see other red flags, such as a person with no known gainful employment inexplicably getting tons of Coinbase credits or indicators they may be doing "off the grid" deals through Tor (e.g. frequent money order deposits purchased from various random places). Most of the folks I've seen using Bitcoin are gainfully employed tech-savvy individuals that seem to be investing in it or experimenting with it. 
Big banks suck.
@_date: 2014-11-11 11:46:37
Yup. And not to defend the banks, but it is NOT completely unfounded. As a BSA/AML Auditor, I've run into plenty of banks that are in pretty serious trouble for mismanaging AML risks - but are otherwise sound. The problem is that the "risk-based approach" is too subjective. Most examiners are reasonable, but every once and a while a bank will run into some prick that wants to make a name for himself. BSA staff are too often rejects forced into the job from other departments or kids fresh out of college waiting to get into law enforcement. Neither has the brains or balls to call these guys out. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 02:12:30
 As a former BSA Officer, I can assure you that this will make little to no difference on banks' willingness to take on bitcoin exchangers or any other MSBs. The first problem is that bank examiners have the reputation for raping you over the coals if you provide services to these businesses. 
Ironically, the other problem is that many banks don't know how to fee these customers properly. Rather than build the infrastructure (i.e. sufficient AML Staff) and offset the costs with the right charges, most would prefer to just avoid the issue altogether. As a result, you get a handful of niche banks in every metropolitan area that are the only option in town - and they make TONS of money off these guys...
@_date: 2016-03-28 10:33:14
As someone having worked in anti-money laundering for 10 years, let me just say that this is routinely done at any financial institution with an AML program that withstands regulatory scrutiny. They're using the data for analytics (transaction volume vs expected income) and backend investigations.
The only "new" thing here is that they're asking up front instead of researching on the back end. The latter has been happening as long as LinkedIn has existed. 
AML Regulations have a pillar known as "internal controls", which are defined by the strength of an FIs monitoring in comparison with the risks of each customer or transaction. The end result is that there are a ton of unwritten rules and requirements. It's a moving target regulation.
Bring on the downvotes.
@_date: 2016-03-28 19:57:13
Because loopholes. For thevmost part, Paypal is a payment processor. Payment processors are not required to establish an AML program at this time.
Edit: Clarified that PayPal may be involved with SOME AML covered services.
@_date: 2016-06-28 10:21:28
He's not wrong about who is laundering money and financing terrorism, but let's not act like there aren't multi-billion dollar penalties levied against complicit banks and sanctions levied against states actively supporting terrorism.
As others have said, there are still entry ways into BTC without KYC...
@_date: 2016-06-30 23:49:00
Not sure what you mean here. In the US FinCEN defines, for regulators, three roles: users, exhangers, and administrators. Exchangers (e.g. Coinbase) are defined as money transmitters and in all circumstances. Administrators (i.e. miners) are only considered money transmitters if they sell what they mine for USD.
Technically, there is no DIRECT requirement within Title 31 Chapter X (BSA/AML) for money transmitters to collect full identifying information ( name, TIN, DOB, physical address). The only DIRECT obligation which impacts BTC exchangers is technically the "travel rule" which requires information regarding finds transfers for $3,000 or more.
However, MSBs also have anti money laundering program requirements that dictate "risk based" internal controls. Which is why companies like Coinbase get full "Customer Identification Program" required data. The regulators ( in their case - the IRS and various state banking agencies) see a risk and make them mitigate with what they deem to be sufficient policy requirements.
If what you mean is that merchants accepting BTC have no requirement to identify their customers...I'd say it depends. If the merchant looks to convert BTC-USD daily, they may engage a company like Coinbase to process for them. And if thats the case, Coinbase may ask for some, albeit more limited, merchant client/transaction data; not just for AML but to cover their fraud claim loss exposure just like a bank would with a third party payment processor. On the other hand, if a merchant is holding funds in their wallet and periodically converting back to BTC, they would have less indirect regulatory scrutiny
@_date: 2016-11-16 00:58:23
I cannot speak to Circle's specific terms, but as an anti-money laundering specialist I can say that most non-lending relationships at financial institutions have clauses which provide the financial institution the right to terminate your contract at will and without needing to provide a reason. 
I've posted in here before about the unwritten rules of anti money laundering, which are all governed by regulation under the five "pillars" of an AML program. There is a pillar known as the "internal control" pillar, which regulators use to assess whether a monitoring program is sufficient. Federally, the IRS is responsible for examining most  non-bank financial institutions subject to AML program requirements. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network issued guidance several years ago defining companies like Circle as money service businesses, thus bringing them into the regulatory purview. FinCEN is authorized to do that by the USA Patriot Act.
In my experience working in this area, the Feds are always expecting more as technology increases. And like it or not, they perceive a lot of risk with virtual currency. I've never done consulting for a VC AML program, but I can almost guarantee that they're constantly "sharing" intel with law enforcement so they can map out addresses to suspected illegal markets, attempt to identify tumbling activity, and assist with sting operations. It happens at banks and is authorized, no ENCOURAGED, by law. They have fines on the line. Not just the big ones, but nonpublic downgrades to ratings which then require adhoc consulting costs to fix problems.
So long story short - if you're doing illegal shit - you should avoid big Bitcoin companies!
@_date: 2019-08-03 13:26:00
One huge qualitative sign of a coming recession is a lot of people speculating about a recession coming. Based on that, it seems imminent.
@_date: 2017-05-02 13:03:10
Exactly. The countertheory is that someone wanted to document the tweet, but screengrabs render that unnecessary.
@_date: 2015-02-20 11:48:45
Any merchants here that use it? Do the BTC to USD conversions occur as batch ACH credits to you bank account? If so, does the descriptor contain the phrase "Stripe"?
@_date: 2016-07-01 16:26:52
You gotta be specific about what you mean by transfer mechanism. I make a living as an AML SME, the rules are complex and often unwritten, so exact wording is crucial. Not trying to be a condescending prick.
@_date: 2016-07-01 00:06:56
But...but...gold is shiny and you can hold it!