@_author: hackerforest
@_date: 2015-07-14 07:15:02
yellow press with a paywall? I had to jump through hoops to grab the piece.
For those too busy or too lazy here are the killer paras, calling out bitfury connection to mega malware operation nous-tech
Ukraine's public records are silent on Nebesny - and for good reason. Nebesny acknowledges having changed his name from his original name of Shchedrin, but denies this was to escape past links to cybercrime.
According to Nebesny, the name change resulted from a family tragedy - the death of a child. This prompted his wife to change her name to Nebesnaya - 'heavenly' in Russian - and made him follow suit in adopting the new name “so that we all had the same name”, he tells bne IntelliNews.
Nebesny said the tragedy, along with “betrayal” by associates, caused him to quit all his companies after about 2005. He lived "as a hermit” until 2011 with his family, farming their own crops, raising goats, and using internet connection only once a week, he says.
Nebesny denies that the name change was prompted by the need to evade investigation because of involvement in cybercrime. "I have been always clean against any kind of criminal and even civil investigations,” he says.
According to domain registration data - so-called 'whois' data - in 2005, at the tender age of 23, Shchedrin registered the Udefender domain on behalf of Cypriot company nous-tech. Nous-tech produced the notorious Ultimate Defender anti-virus program.
In the opinion of cybersecurity giants Symantec, Ultimate Defender was a specific type of malicious software, or malware, known as scareware: comprising an ostensible anti-virus app designed to identify a fake threat. “The user is then prompted to pay for a full license of the application in order to remove the fake threat," the Symantec report reads. 
Nebesny claims that Ultimate Defender was a “perfectly legitimate anti-virus software and they got into some investigation without any reason”. He says that he left the company before the software was finished.
According to whois data, in the same year, Nebesny/Shchedrin together with the cex.io founder Ushchapovskyi registered the Crystalys Media domain.
Crystalys Media applications apparently acted in concert with Ultimate Defender. “Crystalys Media Display is malicious adware (...) that collects information about your browsing and sends it to their main servers which makes it spyware. Crystalys Media Display may not come in isolation and may come bundled with vast amounts of other threats attached to it,” cybersecurity site Pareto Security warns.
Nebesny denied to bne IntelliNews that Crystalys Media was malware, saying it was intended as a clone of the advertising ware programme Zango. “Crystalys problems were not in the concept but in its implementation,” he says.
Ultimate Defender was "one of the first groups of rogue security applications that emerged from the malware gangs operating around 2004. (…)  We eventually merged a number of their applications into a single threat named Nous-Tech Solutions Ltd," says Eric Howes of cybersecurity firm Threattrack Security.
There are even suggestions that Nebesny and Ushchapovsky's software may have been part of a larger scareware network linked to Russia's Pavel Rublevsky, allegedly a backer of scareware, spam and internet pharmaceutical businesses, as well as founder of the Chronopay payment system, according to prominent cybercrime researcher Brian Krebs. 
Three Cypriot firms to which Nebesny is linked through ownership files or through domain registration records - Nous-tech, Crystalys Media and Cilaria Trading - were apparently all registered by the same Cypriot company service provider as used by Rublevsky to set up a number of Cypriot firms in his network, as detailed in a leaked file published by Krebs, who portrayed Rublevsky's empire in his 2014 book “Spam Nation”.
Nebesny denies any link to Rublevksy. "I've not worked with him nor with his companies," he says. Rublevsky could not be reached for comment. 
