@_author: hacking4freed0m
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:25:55
it's hilarious to read all these people who are so into the voluntary actions of the individual also demean this bank for doing what they want. it's a small, regional bank. they can do business as they choose. if Bitcoin is predicated on the idea that all relations between persons and individuals are voluntary, you can't suddenly object to one institution deciding how it wants to do business. besides, the hilarity of bitcoin promoters being mad at banks for not taking their business is kind of unreal. you want to destroy banks. exactly why should someone you want to destroy want to do business with you? 
@_date: 2017-12-29 21:28:33
Satoshi appears to have no idea what central banks do, apart from reading The Creature from Jekyll Island. 
There is no way Bitcoin or any cryptocurrency could "destroy central banking." It's been 10 years and there is not even the barest glimmer of concern by central banks about Bitcoin destroying them, nor should there be. To the contrary, most central banks are now considering ways to use versions of blockchain technology to aid their business. They probably won't, at least not real public blockchains, because they are far too cumbersome.
Let's see--the US Federal Reserve took some big actions recently. In early December they raised the interest rate they control by a quarter of a percent. This has minor but real ripple effects throughout the economy.
Even if Bitcoin were widely used as a currency, to say nothing of "money," it could still be lent and there could still be interest rates for borrowing it. We see people borrowing Bitcoin, and borrowing to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, all over the place nowadays. Bitcoin doesn't stop borrowing; it doesn't stop lending; it doesn't stop there being interest rates for lending; and it doesn't even begin to interfere with what the Federal Reserve or any other central bank does with their time. Central banks have discussed starting their own cryptocurrencies, which they would still lend, still charge interest rates for, and so on. 
Conspiracy theories are fun, but they rarely have anything to do with the real world. Satoshi may have wished to destroy central banks, but if so, it's because he got his idea of what central banks do and how "money" functions from Alex Jones or reddit. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 23:30:51
there is SO MUCH GENIUS on the comments here. My favorite are the people who think that there is some kind of coherent concept that involves "being a US citizen" and "not paying taxes." I know the John Birch Society believes that's possible, but it isn't. The amount of desire to renounce US citizenship here is refreshing: if that's what you want, please go ahead, and feel free to send us brochures about the amazing new society you build with no social contract. Maybe it will work. Seriously. But don't tell me the laws we developed through democratic governance don't apply to you, while you still rely on the public roads, checking for food safety, the police, fire department, military, and expect to vote, and so much more. Citizenship isn't a partial thing; it's black and white. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 22:40:45
Bitcoin: obviously and publicly robbing you of 60% of your purchasing power in a quarter of a year