@_author: hackerweb
@_date: 2015-04-13 03:33:18
I actually think the issue is not about centralization, but about resolving policy in different ways.  PoW might end up centralized, where it's only cost effective for three organizations in the whole world to mine 99% of all blocks.  But that still could work out fine for blockchain safety.  Similarly, Stellar's SCP might work fine in such a scenario, particularly since other smaller parties would be constantly auditing the big three and would quickly raise the alarm on any double spend attacks.  So I think it's interesting to try to cook up some other concrete scenarios and think about what might happen with both Bitcoin and Stellar.
Here's one:  US Government says: "We've identified 10 addresses holding tons of coins that belong to bad people and are blacklisting them.  In Bitcoin, if you mine a block containing a payment to or from one of these addresses, you are profiting from terrorism/drugs/etc. and face felony charges."  In that case any US-based miners would censor such transactions.  But foreign miners might not.  So eventually those transactions might make it into the longest block chain.  Basically in this case the USG is delaying the transactions.  In Stellar, it could go down one of two ways:  Don't include bad addresses when you are proposing the ledger (similar failure mode to Bitcoin) or withhold consensus from such transactions, in which case the whole network grinds to a halt.
Here's another one:  USG says, "Hey everyone, you can now pay your taxes in Bitcoin, but we're only going to consider the longest blockchain that after today includes no transactions to/from bad people's addresses."  Now this is very interesting because USG has specifically increased the value of a blockchain with one particular property.  Bitcoins potentially have greater or at least different value if you can get then through a USG-approved blockchain.  So now miners have a choice, should they mine on the longest blockchain, or on the longest blockchain whose reward can be spent towards US taxes?  Well, you'll probably have a split.  If 51% go for the USG-approved chain, then USG wins and you have censorship.  If 49% do, then you essentially have two flavors of Bitcoin on two different blockchains, though some transactions might happen to be valid in both blockchains.  In the Stellar case, there won't be a split, but again either the "bad" transactions are delayed, or the whole system comes to a grinding halt.
Now if the Stellar system does grind to a halt, at least the 51%/49% thing has no relevance.  So what if 51% of the validating power falls under the jurisdiction of USG and allies?  If people decide to "de-peer" US validator nodes, they can consciously decide to approve transactions in the absence of consensus from the US.  It now becomes a giant game of chicken.  The US validator nodes are blocked from acknowledging the ledgers created in the rest of the world.  So they could just give in and accept what the rest of the world has agreed on, arguing that it happened without their consent--they are just reporting what happened, not making it happen.  Or they could consciously decide to de-peer the rest of the world and intentionally fork the ledger.
If this kind of digital money keeps taking off, eventually we are going to have these kinds of Tussles.  This is very similar to how the Internet evolved.  I highly recommend the Clark et al. Tussle in Cyberspace paper (  None of the digital currencies is going to avoid these problems; the question is what effect will they have on how the tussles play out.  The thing I find most appealing about consensus is the "flexible trust" aspect.  This speaks to what Clark et al. call "separation of policy and mechanism," which interestingly they say is too simplistic, while also stating there is value to protecting some parts of the system from policy decisions.  On the other hand, this is also the scariest aspect, because it creates more unknowns.  With Bitcoin, you have the comfort of knowing that for better or for worse tussles will be arbitrated by those with the most mining power.
@_date: 2015-04-16 05:35:34
Actually, you should really check out the paper before criticizing.  SCP has nothing to do with proof of stake, or even coins!  It's  new kind of Byzantine agreement algorithm supporting open membership.  So it can't mint coins, but it can help with other problems like certificate transparency, where the concept of stake does not even apply.  Stellar has definitely taken a novel approach with this algorithm.  People seem to think the basic protocol is sound.  The question raised by the article is whether people will configure their nodes to create enough overlap, which again makes no sense in a proof of stake system.
The title of the article is pure link bait, though.  I'm pretty sure everyone at Stellar views Stellar as complementary to Bitcoin.  They are even planning on distributing Stellars as a dividend to Bitcoin holders.  Why would Stellar work to increase the value of Bitcoin if they are competitors?