@_author: hackerbeedrone
@_date: 2018-01-15 16:05:43
We can use the SPACE blockchain!!!
Seriously though, Bitcoin transactions are tiny. You can send one to a node anywhere in the world and get it spread into Miner's mempools. 
Sending transactions over Tor is well understood, but any VPN should do the trick.
@_date: 2018-01-21 10:13:12
The pools can't batch transactions (except their own payout transactions).
I think what you're seeing is someone with a ton of transactions per day just implemented batching.
I'd expect to see some people track down who's doing it in the near future -- I haven't seen any identification of them yet.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:39:42
I wouldn't mind risking my money if there was utility for me.
My objection isn't to risk, it's just to advertising lightning network before it's bug free
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:56:21
As far as I can tell it's mainly because Luke Jr. throws a NACK on any suggestion of any change in versioning scheme.
There's hardly consensus on what the leading 0 is supposed to indicate at this point.
Not that it really matters, but it's a pretty poor signal. It's not changing mainly because it doesn't matter enough for a dozen stubborn developers to each give up on arguing for their personal ideal of a versioning scheme.
@_date: 2018-01-25 15:19:23
There has been an ongoing discussion over versioning for around a decade now. If that ever changes, bitcoin will be truly dead.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:54:33
Clearly you pour some molten wax on your shit and press your signet ring into the wax to prove it's yours.
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:02:31
Nope. I'll believe it when global hash rate drops at least 10%.
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:24:07
Your wording is a bit confusing, but yes, you absolutely do have to trust anybody you interact with off chain. I'd only ever work off chain with a trusted exchange or business.
That's always been true. If you want to buy or sell crypto, you have to trust the person you're buying or selling from. If you need a trustless transaction (at least on the payment side of any purchase or sale), go on chain every time.
@_date: 2018-01-03 19:20:18
Sure, the red flags are still there, they just send letters giving out your personal information about where you got the money, why you are moving it and where it's going -- essentially drafting the suspicious transaction report to the FBI for the financial institutions. That way they are no longer suspicious that you're actually laundering money, and they are no longer annoyed that they have to dig up information to write their own suspicious transaction reports.
@_date: 2018-01-23 14:22:55
Of course they won't stop using Visa. But businesses are reasonably pissed at Visa and MasterCard for colluding to keep merchant fees incredibly high while forcing all of the risk of accepting credit cards into the merchants. Bitpay wouldn't have nearly as much traction if credit card fees were sunburst to efficient market forces.
Further, the same reason people buy more with credit cards on average (it doesn't "feel" like spending real money and it's easy to run out of cash for impulse purchase) is even more true for the volatile bitcoin. I'd expect Bitcoin impulse purchases to skyrocket when Bitcoin price is up.
You're not wrong, Visa serves the need effectively. But they both use their market dominance to take 3% of most American transactions (when their infrastructure costs less than a penny per transaction), and force all the risk of fraud and chargebacks onto merchants. Bitcoin isn't cheaper, but it is the first potential competitor in decades, and it's not reversible. That gives merchants some incentive to support Bitcoin by simply signing up for bitpay even before it's worth the effort.
@_date: 2018-01-03 19:46:06
If you exactly match the data in their verification service database it's fast. Any minor discrepancy, and it takes way longer for a human to get around to checking to see what the problem is and if it meets their criteria for an acceptable discrepancy.
@_date: 2018-01-03 19:23:11
If you precisely match the info in whatever ID verification service they're using, it will be super fast. If something is formatted differently, or you use a nickname, or an address is written differently on one of your documents, it'll wait until a human can approve or reject your application.
This highlights the importance of having public records be accurate. If some state government has been writing your name wrong, or gets your date of birth won't, make sure you call and start the process to get it corrected, no matter how many forms, calls and years it might take.
@_date: 2018-01-03 04:47:06
I see you haven't met garlicoin yet.
Nothing has zero value. Extreme capitalism 101.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:01:08
I wouldn't go that far. You already know and report the income in USD, so the cost basis is already established. When you sell, you calculate any gains just like with any asset.
Trading between coins is a lot more complicated. Buying bitcoin regularly and even selling regularly is no different than putting your money into a mutual fund.
@_date: 2018-01-03 19:12:57
No, if you are being threatened with legal action, you immediately stop communicating with them except through YOUR lawyer.
It's impolite to hang up without first explaining that you are not going to continue the call, but honestly, if I had low paid customer service representatives, I'd instruct them to do exactly that and tell them they're fired if they don't hang up rather than risk them mumbling something in response to the threat that hurts the company in court.
You should never threaten legal action to a customer service representative. If you think legal action is warranted because they refuse to help you outside of a civil suit, then just have your lawyer send them a letter.
If your lawyer doesn't know how to find the address under which this American company has Incorporated, get a new lawyer.
@_date: 2018-01-25 01:38:00
If a specific exchange has increased supply, the price in USD will drop slightly. Then people will buy tether with their BTC, causing BTC price to drop.
In fact, the tether price tends to rise above $1 just before a new tether printing, precisely because of this supply and demand interaction, the same factor that made the printing necessary in the first place!
Frankly, given that coinbase alone has added millions of customers, it should not be surprising that there are billions of us dollars of value on non USD exchanges looking for somewhere to park "safe" from crypto dropping.
I'd agree that tether is hardly a safe place to park, but given how many fund managers are freaking out as customers pull assets out to "invest in crypto", it's not remotely implausible that there is $2 billion in demand for USD on exchanges that cannot hold and trade in USD.
The main question is whether tether is backed by USD (i.e. they have accounts with $2 billion USD) or by crypto assets currently worth $2 billion USD. Obviously the latter case will be unsustainable the next time crypto drops below their solvency level, and then starts to rise again, suddenly inducing tether sales across the board.
Crypto markets are still taking in New money though. I'm guessing tether can survive just on new money well past the next BTC all time high, and only sees real trouble 12 months after bitcoin stays well below 40% of its previous all time high.
If they're holding BTC that is.
@_date: 2018-01-08 06:43:57
They have a few more bytes, but each byte is counted at a discount toward block size limit. Actual discount depends on transaction type, but end result would be about 2x number of transactions per block.
@_date: 2018-01-08 18:01:12
I'll have a go.
Consumer prices are correlated with wages. Higher prices don't cause higher wages, but in developed parts of China, industrialization has certainly come with both.
With higher wages and higher standard of living, people tend to be less concerned about survival and when they realize they can't see through the smog to their neighbor's house for the 4th time in a month, they start demanding that somebody do something.
That something is modifying coal plants to reduce sulfer and particulate emissions, which in turn increases the cost of burning coal, leading to an increase in cleaner technologies, but critically for this discussion, an increase in energy prices across the board.
In essence, both consumer prices and energy prices have been driven by the same move toward a developed, industrialized infrastructure that has created a "middle class" of Chinese that are no longer primarily concerned about surviving tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:03:48
It's just an automated regular investment just like I automate my contributions to investment and savings. It's not for everybody, but if that's your style, it's really convenient.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:37:02
I certainly agree with your philosophy on security vulnerabilities, but when bugs are known to exist on testnet that can lose people's money, maybe we should wait until the bugs are squashed before advertising aggressively (OP's suggestion that I was responding to).
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:45:38
Maybe wait until it at least APPEARS bug free? 
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:24:00
Currencies have always been used as assets. You can't extract the value from a currency without making it useless as a currency.
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:04:30
This is Velcro's actual legal team imploring you to call it hook and loop through a music video.
@_date: 2018-01-10 22:37:45
It's an interesting premise, but I have a hard time understanding why this rogue AI would bother to create a cryptocurrency. All banks are already run entirely by computers, and some hyper intelligent AI should have no trouble laundering money to its interests with no risk of discovery.
A public ledger with a blockchain is a cool technology, but it's a bizarrely slow method to take over the world!
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:14:48
Bankruptcy is an option.
If you do declare bankruptcy, you will be required to sell assets, certainly including cryptocurrencies, to pay back creditors. Bankruptcy can wipe out whatever debt remains after liquidating your assets, but it doesn't let you walk away with assets (outside of some things like your home and car).
Also be aware that after you declare bankruptcy, you will be denied credit cards for at least the 7 years the bankruptcy stays on your credit report (time period in USA). If you want a card, you will be limited to prepaid cards and MAYBE after a few years, a high interest card with a $250 or $500 limit. 
This is not a way you can get more credit for free to buy crypto as it falls.
Maybe you're totally screwed and bankruptcy is your only option, but I'd guess that selling your crypto, tightening the belt and paying back the debt ASAP would end up being far less costly over the next decade than trying to use bankruptcy as an easy out.
Then again, if you lost way more than 50%, and lost your job, I'm just glad bankruptcy is an option to give you a chance to start over after a painful lesson!
@_date: 2018-01-15 21:00:32
Right. I don't think there's a concern troll here. I just made a comment about how off ledger payments are not trustless and somebody asked me to clarify, so I did.
It's worth discussing how and where these compromises are made, although yes it does get tiresome to see so many people posting in BTC about how lightening is already dead just because one use case isn't fully trustless (as if anybody ever gets truly trustless coins -- even miners have to trust that hardware sellers will ship after payment is received!)
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:58:11
I've been super happy with cointracking.info
Yes, especially with mining, you do have to do a significant amount of manual work until you can write little programs to automate ongoing tracking. But it handles at least 80% of my transactions automatically right now, and the rest is not much more annoying than balancing a checkbook.
Yes, I know that's legitimately annoying to people like me who grew up with electronic records we could just review regularly, but since we need the records for taxes (and to just know where your money is going!) it's a discipline you're going to have to learn eventually.
@_date: 2018-01-15 17:30:40
Yes I'm sure, and yes LN is mostly trustless (although I personally would prefer to avoid connecting with anyone I don't trust not to TRY to screw me, if they do, I have recourse that costs them more than me).
The problem is the out of band transaction. To top up you will be sending cash or something, maybe another cryptocurrency, in exchange for their promise to transfer you bitcoin on the lightning network.
If you send them cash, and they fail to top up your lightning balance, you're stuck. Hopefully you can reverse the charge, although then your bank might well close your account for dealing with risky cryptocurrencies etc.
The trust I'm talking about is the off chain transaction, not the lightning network which is cryptographically tied to the public ledger.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:40:04
Shut up! It's not ass's fault it got stuck with muscles and shit instead of a brain! At least he cushions your hips when you sit!
@_date: 2018-01-12 17:00:20
I think that's a stupid idea. Don't do it.
But I find it interesting that it doesn't even have to be a fork. You just modify the bitcoin core client to stop relaying whatever transactions you don't like.
The censorship resistant network won't have any trouble routing around you, but it's an easy enough thing to implement.
@_date: 2018-01-12 17:18:42
That's not quite how it works.
If you have unreported income, or they question your deductions against income, they will audit you and ask you to pay taxes on your full income unless you can justify the deductions.
This sucks for people who spent years underpaying taxes by just paying what they thought they should owe rather than actually reading the IRS forms and guidance or hiring a tax professional as they can get hit with penalties for years of unpaid taxes.
But the truth is that you owe taxes on all income unless you can make allowed deductions against that income. Making random deductions against your income and getting caught isn't a presumption of guilt, it's just the consequence of trying to skip paying taxes that you owe.
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:31:21
They do argue that prices are higher BECAUSE of limited arbitrage routes, suggesting that the price is higher because of market inefficiency, rather than simple price discovery.
Put another way, why would Koreans buy at $22,000 if they could pay $16,000 for the same asset?
@_date: 2018-01-11 17:44:11
It's a decent article about the insanity that is the title. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 00:57:09
How the heck could anybody pump up the price of Bitcoin with tether without also reducing the price of tether to USD?
If they're selling more tether than the aggregate market demand for tether, tether will decouple from USD even if it does reduce bitcoin supply and raise Bitcoin price in USD.
This entire "analysis" utterly ignores that the only mechanism for holding tether at the value of the USD is supply and demand. The moment they try to further a second goal (affecting BTC price) using the same mechanism (increasing silly) they would lose control of the tether price in USD.
It's fair to question if they really hold all that money in USD and aren't holding volatile crypto due to banking trouble. It's silly to pretend they can just print tether beyond demand for tether without inducing inflationary pressure on the tether price.
@_date: 2018-01-21 14:07:53
Where did you get the idea that federal reserve notes are the property of the US government?
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:26:12
I certainly agree that the Chinese government has the last word on policy and pricing.
That said, I think you're underestimating the impact of public sentiment in China (in particular, public sentiment is seen as critical for stability of the centrally run economy).
Further, energy production has been largely privatized and pricing is a remarkably free market in most regions. That's not to say that local governments never interfere, but in the last decade, they've made really remarkable reforms and it's no longer accurate to suggest that prices are decided behind closed doors.
Bitcoin mining has really surged into the gaps created between the centrally planned government and the market driven energy markets, for example as a new industrial cities is planned and built and then fails to attract immigrants (or governments fail to relocate enough people and businesses for whatever reason), bitcoin mining has soaked up prebuilt electrical capacity at really remarkably low prices from plants that were built before demand was created.
Anyway, back to the article, it suggests that the government is currently dropping a hammer. Whether they follow through, and whether it's more than a regional crackdown remains to be seen, but this is a really interesting suggestion that a hammer drop is being seriously considered.
I wouldn't be surprised if the central government intervened to preserve Chinese dominance in cryptocurrency mining, but they absolutely see bitcoin user as disruptive to their attempts at economic control, so they might misguidedly crack down on mining if their fear of monetary disruption is higher than their interest in maintaining some influence over cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:46:54
And those businesses can use a service like bitpay to remove the risk, just like before the lightning network.
@_date: 2018-01-12 21:10:02
You could send a transaction with a delay of at most 30 seconds and customers would never know the transaction was slowed down. If coinbase consolidated their dust in the same transactions, rather than sweeping dust separately and sending all transactions with one input and to outputs, they'd instantly save on transaction fees they could turn into profit or pay back to customers in lower fees.
At the volume coinbase is handling, failing to combine transactions that are initiated in the same short window is just bad business.
They're doing great by being first to market with a great app, complying with American regulations and serving a huge market. If they don't start batching though, an exchange that does will massively undercut coinbase on fees.
It's coinbase's race to lose.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:31:10
He's fantastic at digging in and understanding a middle to large scale company, identifying issues that are reducing its profits, and then buy buying a large stake in the company, forcing changes that make the company more profitable.
That's an incredible skill, and his execution has been brilliant!
That doesn't exactly give him special insight into disruptive technological and cultural changes though.
I bet he's right and all current cryptocurrencies fail for one reason or another. I also bet heavily that either banks and bank regulations make moving small amounts of money instant and seamless, or cryptocurrencies will thrive for purely economic reasons.
Either banks will find a way to facilitate irreversible transactions (outside something authoritative like a court order), or cryptocurrencies will become a preferred medium of exchange between people who don't trust each other.
Becoming dominant will be hard, but pointing out problems with crypto doesn't begin to address the problems with traditional banking that banks have lobbied hard to avoid fixing!
@_date: 2019-07-17 02:16:02
Well you can delete your copy of the blockchain to make room for your wife's 160GB, totally unwatchable home videos where she tries to catch kids doing something cute while they whine about wanting to see the video she's CURRENTLY TRYING TO TAKE!
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:56:40
Commodities certainly exist, but what do you think it means for a fist currency to be backed by a government?
Yes, they guarantee you'll be able to pay your taxes with a particular Fiat, but they occasionally allow massive inflation to destroy the value of any held Fiat.
In the end, all currencies are backed by confidence and trust.
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:07:40
Look, operators simply don't have to close channels to cash out. They can elect to be paid in fiat today to have their channel rebalanced by whomever the channel is established with. That's the most likely result, they'll be paid in fiat by a payment processor who pulls money back to the processor side of the channel in exchange.
They can similarly be paid on chain, on any cryptocurrency block chain in exchange for a rebalancing of their channels.
Or yes, they can close their channel every evening and open it every morning.
Most businesses (outside of marijuana shops) use payment processors and banks today and will continue to do so with cryptocurrency, because financial services allow owners to focus on running a shop, not a payment processing system.
It's frankly more likely that coinbase will dump the daily earnings into an off chain account (just like coinbase accounts work today) in exchange for rebalancing without closing the channel rather than closing it and opening another to achieve the same thing at much higher cost.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:58:52
So because you can't imagine entrepreneurs providing persistent channels to bypass large providers wherever large providers may try to increase fees or censor certain economic activity, it's a "flaw?"
It seems clear that the flaw is with your imagination, not with an architecture that already has some people automatically establishing channels to provide connections between poorly connected nodes for a small fee (a fee that is designed to be significantly lower than the cost of many hops that was previously necessary in order to attract fee paying traffic).
If authorities block some traffic, the traffic will automatically be routed by any non "authority" channels, providing an economic incentive to provide those channels that's exactly as large as the volume of economic activity being banned.
@_date: 2019-07-16 19:55:54
We're definitely not on the same page here. Overall network topology is very complicated, but somebody attempting to profit from making inefficient network routing more efficient by selecting two nodes connected by a minimum of 4 channels and connecting them directly (with 2 channels) doesn't need to have any grand plan for the overall topology to profit, and in the process, to reduce fees for users while combating censorship.
I also think the maturity of lightning network is entirely immaterial, except to the extent that it needs to function as designed (something that can only be proven through time). In a small network like last year, there were few opportunities for profit from network inefficiencies. Today there are some opportunities for profit from network inefficiencies. As the network grows, there will be more opportunities.
And critically, any attempt at censorship will act as a de facto infinite fee, immediately creating a rather high monetary incentive for entrepreneurs to build uncensored routes around the exchanges and payment processors that it is popular for most users to connect through.
Someone interested in avoiding censorship (which doesn't exist today, but may in the future) need only connect to a single node that is censorship neutral, and connected to at least one other censorship neutral node, and they will have access to the uncensored network.
In essence, you seem to view arbitrage of network efficiency (in number of hops) as a very complex topic that the lightning network is not yet mature enough to support. To the contrary, I'm saying that this network efficiency arbitrage is an emergent property of any similar network with valuable fees, and not only exists today, but is guaranteed to grow with the network as long as the network grows in number of nodes and value being routed.
The lightning network may evaporate, especially if Bitcoin becomes irrelevant, perhaps replaced by a cryptocurrency you prefer. But pretending that the lightning network forces users to interact with a small number of "hubs" just because most users today choose to interact with a relatively small (few thousand) number of nodes currently when they do not censor ANY payments (so the incentive to route around censorship is non-existent) just isn't accurately describing what's going on in the lightning network.
@_date: 2019-07-09 14:10:25
The IRS doesn't get to close loopholes. That's Congress' job.
The IRS knows the tax code is totally fucked up, but all they can do to help fix it is contact their local representatives and ask them to simplify the whole mess.
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:40:54
Well right. If you weren't interested in regular purchases of bitcoin, it would be pretty absurd!
@_date: 2019-07-16 16:28:40




@_date: 2019-07-16 20:06:59
Large providers cannot force all users to connect to them directly. Given that, there will always be some nodes that are a large number of hops to some other nodes.
What economic incentives do you imagine authorities will provide to induce users to connect to and use the Google node [or other node with huge traffic]? And what do you imagine authorities would gain from it, given that end points are encrypted?
They would only gain knowledge of the amount of value moving along that particular channel. They'd be happy routing millions of dollars for free without knowing where it came from or where it went.
As soon as they start trying to censor something, say preventing money laundering, people will have an incentive to choose routes that bypass the censors.
I absolutely agree, the network topology will be relatively simple if no censorship is attempted, nobody attempts to track which transactions are prohibited by one government or another and nobody attempts to avoid any particular nodes in their routing for ideological reasons.
It's only when censorship exists that there will be a market demand for alternate routes that creates a monetary incentive for alternate routes.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:32:27
A Ponzi scheme is when a con man takes people's money, them gives them really ridiculous returns which brings in more investors that give him money. He then pays out the new money to old investors, reinforcing the idea of ridiculous returns until he's run out of people to fool into paying earlier marks. He then disappears with all the money given him by the last round of "investors".
It's that last bit that makes it illegal and what makes it a "Ponzi scheme". Paying out new people's money to earlier investors in a way the con man knows will obviously be unsustainable. It's the lack of any intent to deliver promised returns that makes it illegal.
Markets are not Ponzi schemes. Even incredibly overheated, illiquid markets are not Ponzi schemes. When people buy assets at inflated prices, giving earlier buyers profit, they are getting the asset they paid for, they are not being scammed.
Yes, the dynamics are similar with money moving from later buyers to early buyers, but, (and this is the important bit) every buyer gets exactly the asset they contracted to purchase! 
Speculative markets are not Ponzi schemes even if shady people on the internet promise new buyers massive gains. That's a pump and dump scheme which is nearly as shady, but it has a different name because it's not a Ponzi scheme!
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:17:08
If they have back end developers working on ID verification and locked accounts, they are doing it wrong.
I don't mind if segwit is a lower priority than site stability. I don't mind if that slows segwit implementation by months. I do question their priorities when the CEO says it's not on the roadmap because it's not a top five customer request.
I won't be super grumpy if they take another 6 months to implement segwit for actual technical and prioritization reasons, but after that revealing comment, I absolutely sent a customer service ticket that I never would have otherwise!
@_date: 2017-12-31 01:41:38
I personally use cointracking.info
Getting all the data in does take some data entry skills (especially if you're mining and have daily payouts you want to track), but otherwise it's nearly automated and you'll be very happy with it.
Best of all, it'll spit out automatic tax reports with whatever cost basis scheme you choose (probably FIFO, but others are possible).
You can play with it free for up to 200 trades. After that it costs some fraction of a bitcoin. 
 Also look into bitcoin.tax although I was less impressed with their capabilities when I purchased a year ago.
@_date: 2017-12-06 16:36:52
Meh, the TSA just cuts your locks off anyway if they don't have an easily obtained master key that bypasses the security.
@_date: 2017-12-16 14:50:21
Bitcoin gold was absolutely in the news before Adam started dismissing it as a shitcoin. You're just claiming"people" hadn't heard of it without a shred of evidence to try to bolster your silly claim that he's culpable.
As for some official wallet that he never once mentioned, much less endorsed, it's absurd to blame Adam for not laying out an article on how to safely move coins when he expressed his opinion that people should sell the shitcoin.
Yes, giving private keys to an address that currently holds btc to an untested wallet is dangerous. No, simply suggesting people should sell is not an instruction to use untested software rather than waiting for reputable wallets to support a btg split.
I'm sure some people who saw his tweet and then made bad decisions about how to sell btg lost money. No that doesn't turn his tweet into an endorsement or make him remotely culpable for unsafe methods he didn't discuss.
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:31:20
It's smaller in absolute cost (Satoshis). It's the same in cost per size (Satoshis per byte). It has a lower weight, not a lower cost per byte.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:06:48
Personally? I just want coinbase to implement segwit so my transactions will be cheaper.
At this point, I'm just thrilled at how much open source development is going on, and I hope some cryptocurrency can massively gain traction before banks get their shit together, enable instant online, worldwide, irreversible transactions between banks, and kill a lot of the current blockchain value proposition.
Lowering fees will reduce pressure on BTC, but I don't see a return to unfilled blocks until months after the crypto markets burst this bubble, so I think BCH won't have much trouble hanging in their until and unless a functioning lightning network takes over much of the demand for transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:08:54
That is absolutely true! Bitcoin sucks to use right now.
Core developers have always been extremely wary of jumping quickly into a hard fork. That is apparently true even to the point of limiting short term platform adoption when miners delay an upgrade critical to the core developer scaling path for over a year.
I'm not at all sure that's the right call. I wish we had a concrete roadmap for the timing and content of the inevitable hard fork that was widely discussed prior to politics shit. Heck maybe it could include a block size increase, especially if exchanges finally roll out support for segwit addresses and bump average block size to an effective 1.5 or 1.7mb (in pre segwit block size counting, something something block weight...)
But I can't even bring it up in a forum Bitcoin developers might see because I'd immediately get blocked and banned since there's so many people directly accusing them off being evil bank stooges trying to destroy Bitcoin forever to profit central banks etc.
I find this annoying. 
I just don't believe that delaying long term scaling on side chains, likely by years, is worth a short term, relatively low value hard fork in BTC or abandoning BTC altogether for BCH.
I acknowledge that you disagree, and that's cool. In this thread, I'm responding to a question about why I don't support BCH, not trying to build a case for support of BTC or get anybody here to support BTC, because, as a wise lady once said, "Ain't nobody got time for that!"
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:18:36
How do you get the popcorn into the helmet?
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:26:40
I agree absolutely!
What's the current roadmap to the inevitable hard fork? 
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:20:47
Fighting over branding of an open source project is hardly phishing. They're simply not trying to gain personal information to steal from people. They're making a philosophical argument about what properties and direction "Bitcoin" should have.
Calling this phishing is just as ridiculous as calling BTC a Ponzi scheme because it's becoming increasingly expensive to transact bitcoin. That's just not what Ponzi scheme means.
This is an open source community issue, not a criminal act that should be reported to Google as a criminal act they need to immediately remove.
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:51:07
Saying he thinks people should dump a shitcoin is the same as advertising now?
This is a really ridiculous stretch trying to smear someone for disparaging a coin that turned out to have malicious wallets!
@_date: 2017-12-05 23:24:40
There are FAR less than 20 million monthly users. It turns out that some people make far more transactions than others, and those people will be far more likely to push transactions onto a lightning network than others.
Somehow you've concluded that every transaction today involves a unique bitcoin user, so a rise to 20 million users is only a 60% increase. You'd have to go to a blockchain analysis source to find how many unique users are estimated to be involved in transactions each month.
If you have a specific detail you want to discuss, let's go for it. For example, I'd be incredibly surprised if software generating transactions didn't keep track of a list of those transactions. What makes you think that would be hard? Just because something isn't on a ledger saved by every bitcoin node across the world doesn't mean it's somehow hard to save in a local database!
And you bring up money laundering? Shoot, every currency is a target for regulators due to use in criminal activity. That absolutely includes BCH, BTC and USD!
Are you just throwing out every random leading question you can think of to get me to waste my time responding to a stream of consciousness list?
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:44:26
It sounds like it's time to add more decimal places on the blockchain and tweak the core client to allow down to 1sat per transaction fees.
I'm absolutely a proponent of off chain scaling, but a need for more decimal places is hardly something new, and has been discussed as long as I can remember (2012 or so?) as an answer to what happens when, for example 1BTC equals a billion dollars so nobody can buy or sell in under $100 increments.
A simple core client change gives us another couple orders of magnitude, so as long as more decimal places is in the eventual hard fork, we should be fine.
@_date: 2017-12-31 01:01:59
There is no floor to payment of capital gains. There's various floors for when you're required to report it a certain way, but you are legally required to pay taxes on all income.
You do not have to report or pay taxes on any losses. That said, if you have both trades with gains and trades with losses, you have to report the gains and then also report the losses which you are allowed to offset against the gains.
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:58:02
Taxes with penalties and interest. The penalties can be rather steep, so if they catch you 3 years from now and bitcoin crashed, with interest you could be paying off your tax bill for years.
Just pay the damn taxes.
@_date: 2019-07-11 03:00:15
Wait, wouldn't right now be more comparable to the far left of the graph as Bitcoin started to regularly fill blocks?
I'm sure you're not suggesting that demand for transaction volume can never increase to 1.6x what it was at the peak before segwit and batching was widely used.
I own BTC, not other forks. But it's not like the lightning network is going to absorb a large amount of the frantic new money that pours into Bitcoin during a buying frenzy, even if it were simple and easy for a novice to understand and use today. The spike in transaction demand isn't microtransactions, it's speculators and users trying to profit and avoid getting left holding the bag.
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:03:48
How can you tell the difference between an attack and congestion from sudden 18% lower capacity?
@_date: 2017-12-31 01:44:33
No taxation without representation was never supposed to mean no taxation period!
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:20:15
The website doesn't sell bitcoin, much less bitcoin cash. It sends users to reputable exchanges when they click on, "buy Bitcoin."
Is there a specific page where you claim there's a bait and switch, or are you just asserting that Ver should never be permitted to run a site that advertises bitcoin because he believes bitcoin cash will one day be BTC and be called "bitcoin" when the current BTC fails?
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:12:25
Nope. They just get out the bolt cutters and maybe throw on a plastic zip tie if they're feeling generous after dumping your crap out and shoving it back in.
If it hasn't happened to you, they simply haven't searched your checked bags when you flew. It's all part of what you agree to when you buy a ticket.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:12:10
I just sent my request.
I would normally agree with your sentiment, but their CEO literally laughed at the idea that they would work on something that's not a top 5 customer request.
To me, that sounds like a clear request that customers request segwit directly if they want segwit implemented.
Apparently they won't make straight forward upgrades that benefit them and the entire network unless it's a top five customer request. Since segwit support is my absolute top request and Mr Anderson laughs at the idea of working on it without my request, it sounds very much like my input is wanted and necessary.
I wouldn't dream of wasting their time if he'd simply said that they were working on it (even if he was lying) but I CAN do something about this idea he seems to have that customers don't give a shit about segwit support.
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:50:43
Yes. All income must be reported.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:57:14
The money moves from market A to market B.
Segwit addresses are simply an alternate address format. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:26:04
Wait, isn't mBTC just a hectokilosat?
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:55:57
Sounds like you need to get the public records corrected.
It sucks, and you should contact your elected representatives about the AML laws that potentially open them up to legal liability if they try to make exceptions matching you to public records.
If that's their concern, it absolutely doesn't excuse their missing the discrepancy until you tried to withdraw, but it does illustrate the necessity of getting public records amended no matter how many years fighting with multiple jurisdiction (I've had some experience with how insane it can be, but if you keep calling and filling paperwork, it does get done eventually).
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:17:59
Where did you get 1.5x from? An early estimate based on a mix of transactions from 2015 was 1.7x. with a massive increase in the number of multisig transactions in the last two years, most modern estimates come in over 2x.
Your links also don't say anything about a 1.6x benefit cap. The one link has a good summary of challenges in the lightning network laying out some scenarios where the lightning network won't work well, but it makes zero attempt to show what use cases might most benefit from a lightning network or how the challenges might be addressed. 
It's just lazy trolling to throw out lists of questions without making even the most perfunctory attempts to discuss how routing problems are solved every day in different kinds of dynamic networks, or what kinds of current transactions will massively benefit from an aggregation of payments into a single settlement payment.
@_date: 2018-09-10 15:18:51
Meh, if tether is going to collapse, I'd like to see it implode as soon as possible.
If they're holding crypto instead of dollars (essentially betting on crypto with money they promised they were holding in dollars) the sooner the crash, the less damage they'll do.
If it's all legitimate (or mostly legitimate, with only the usual minor embezzling), competition from a regulated firm that actually publicizes audited accounts will lead to much quicker adoption as traders have more confidence they can safely swap to USD(G?).
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:55:43
I stopped making transactions on coinbase because of their incredibly high transfer fees. I still have an account with some trace coins it wouldn't let me transfer for some reason, and I'll happily go back if they become competitive again.
Gemini is a far superior platform for everything but mobile usage. That's a big gap and I certainly understand why someone with a mobile use case would stick with coinbase, but I don't see coinbase staying dominant as competition grows.
My negative reaction here is to the absurd statement that coinbase customers don't want faster, cheaper transactions in general.
It wouldn't entirely surprise me if their back end was a mess that will take years to fix after this recent grown, but the proper answer to, "when will you implement segwit" is an honest if vague discussion of your timeline, not laughing at the mere suggestion that customers might be interested in it!
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:23:53
Sure if by"advertise" you mean, "says altcoin is better than BCH to disparage BCH"
@_date: 2018-09-05 01:51:27
Bitmain is struggling with Bitcoin price. Bought a lot of illiquid BCH that hasn't paid off. Needs Bitcoin price to rise of they're going to survive.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:54:46
They're the same price in sat/byte. Segwit transactions just count fewer bytes toward the fee.
@_date: 2017-12-06 16:38:35
This is horrible advice. I have some cash available now, so panic selling would be great in the near future.
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:16:34
It's not a blockchain transaction, it's just a transfer between two exchanges owned by the same company.
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:02:18
Pensions have every intention of paying out every pensioner.
Ponzi schemes are inherently designed to have no ability to pay out investors.
That's it. That's the primary characteristic of a Ponzi scheme vs. a partially funded pension.
In a pension fund, future liabilities are partially covered today, and will be fully covered in the future by a combination of payments into the fund and appreciation of fund assets.
In a Ponzi scheme, those fund assets are not invested to gain a small return, instead they are funneled to earlier investors to simulate a massive return, luring in new suckers.
After a year or so (more or less depending on design), the money will run out and anybody investing in a Ponzi scheme will lose all their money to people who cashed out before the fall.
Critically, this is why pension funds are required to make annual reports listing their assets, their payouts and their payments from the company. Some Ponzi schemes fabricate these kinds of reports to make it look like they have lots of assets when their assets are constantly being drained to pay earlier investors, but the key is that they are falsifying these documents, which makes it a criminal scam.
A poorly funded pension isn't necessarily a scam, although if the company isn't finding it properly, it would be unwise for employees to assume the pension will pay the full amount promised!
Edited to remove some unnecessary snark.
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:36:35
You know they didn't actually lose 21 trillion dollars right? That's just the total of all the poorly documented adjustments made when account balances are trued up between two databases.
Given that there are dozens of databases, every poorly documented adjustment can be counted dozens of times. Further, this number includes both increases and decreases to any account in any database, so the gains count against the losses.
It's very appropriate to raise hell over their shitty accounting (which is improving, if too slowly). It's not remotely accurate to pretend that they lost 10x the amount of money that actually received from the government between 1998 and 2015.
The high number is primarily due to the ridiculously high numbers of different databases that poorly document adjustments propagate through in the military (each added to the 21 trillion number at least once for each database) not a remotely accurate measurement of how many dollars they can't account for.
@_date: 2018-05-30 16:09:32
Yeah. I appreciated many of the criticisms they have of Bitcoin and Bitcoin development. I appreciate debate and counterpoint.
Now it's not nearly as much about disagreement over development, it's mainly them waiting loudly for Bitcoin to fail so Bitcoin cash can make them rich.
It turns out I can only mentally filter out that crap for about 6 months before getting fed up and unsubscribing.
@_date: 2018-05-08 15:42:18
When governments peg a price, it's usually to the local currency they control in an attempt to keep citizens from rioting due to skyrocketing food prices. It's basically a last ditch effort to force prices down as the government creates inflation by printing money to pay off debts.
It shows up occasionally in wartime shortages too with somewhat better outcomes as the price fixing also comes with wage fixing and is short term.
Anyway, you're proposing that a government fix the price of something, maybe oil, in a currency they don't control. The moment bitcoin value increased relative to the global price of oil (or the global price of oil decreased relative to the global price of Bitcoin), the entire country's stock of oil would be purchased with bitcoins by any buyer willing to jump through hoops for a discount.
The moment Bitcoin decreased in value relative to the global price in oil, nobody would buy the oil -- they'd just buy from a different country -- and sellers would have to start paying buyers the difference if they wanted their tankers to leave full of oil on schedule.
Price fixing only "works" in a fully controlled economy where the government can force  sellers to sell at a loss or buyers to buy at a loss. This can sometimes be sustained for a while by asking people to sacrifice for the war, but it always feeds a black market and often leads to a full collapse of the official and taxed markets as price disparities grow larger and larger compared to untaxed black markets.
It ends up with cases like where goods officially have extremely low prices, but aren't available in any legal shop because anybody in the supply chain can "lose" the item (or sell it to a friend etc.) for 100x the fixed price.
@_date: 2018-05-15 22:12:49
Indeed. It is a count of all improperly documented accounting adjustments that occur in the propagation of transactions across dozens of government databases. The same transaction that was entered without full documentation can be counted multiple times, once in each database.
Of course, this also counts money that's actually lost or embezzled, but the method mainly demonstrates that government accounting is a hot mess without making any suggestion as to the actual amount "lost."
@_date: 2018-08-01 14:38:10
Ironically Krugman wrote this in 1998.


@_date: 2018-05-26 22:39:59
The concept of bribery generally requires a payment to an employee for them to violate company or government policy.
As the business owner (or an authorized employee), the mechanic could simply offer expedited service for a surcharge. It's not inherently bribery to offer expedited service (that's why bribery is so often euphemistically called an expediting fee).
It's basically a difference between paying an employee under the table to break through bureaucracy (that's presumably there for a reason), and paying a business a fee for a different level of service.
Source: way too many hours of required anti bribery training in my bureaucratic job that sometimes involves interacting with government employees.
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:31:10
Oh right.
Not impossible, but also not impossible for certain cartels to block it.
@_date: 2019-03-30 00:24:46
What kind of risk do you envision? Everybody with coins retains their coins.
It's not trivial, but it's literally always been the plan.
@_date: 2019-03-29 22:51:07
Because the segwit fork totally didn't happen?
@_date: 2017-08-11 13:09:45
Never forget!
@_date: 2018-10-06 17:51:50
Right, to be clear, they deny it, but it's hard to interpret their excessive empty blocks as anything other than malice or incompetence.
@_date: 2017-08-31 23:26:59
Shift works quite well through coinbase, but KYC is hardly minimal. It's available in most states, but far fewer than some others (not just excluding New York).
I really don't think you'll get less KYC in any debit card since it has to interface with the card network, so your best bet is to pick a company that you're most philosophically aligned with (I'm guessing that's not coinbase).
@_date: 2018-10-25 00:26:16
You do need one other determination -- that no portion of the money being set aside is being used as collateral for a loan, or has been borrowed etc.
That's why I think tether has had so much trouble getting audited (assuming they're legit). They need to be structured in a certain way, and be able to demonstrate the lack of any debt, not just demonstrate that trillions of dollars exist.
Since they can't seem to keep a bank that knows what they're doing, they might well struggle in their deception to satisfy an auditor that they're not hiding some debt.
@_date: 2017-08-18 20:38:10
I just match all my trades for the year with the price at the time of the trade using my main exchange, and calculate profits and losses based on FIFO/FILO (they don't really care as long as you're consistent, I usually prefer FILO as I trade a bit around a core).
I write a script in mathematica or Matlab (depending on which I'm working with more at the time) to pull the price at the time and date of any transactions.
Then I add up hardware and electrical costs, deduct expenses against any profits (only 100% Bitcoin expenses because I'm not interested in fighting with the IRS over the appropriate method to calculate and account for exactly what share of my gaming PC's electricity I used running nicehash, or what share of my house is solely dedicated to my income generating activities).
Finally, I go cry in a corner about what I'm doing with my life.
Yeah, I like to follow rules.
@_date: 2019-03-29 22:21:50
For now.
If deflation continues, and more coins continue to get lost, we'll need more digits eventually. That's just a simple hard fork away.
It's something the majority would have to agree to, but it's hardly impossible (or unlikely given that developers have repeatedly said that adding digits will happen as necessary).
@_date: 2017-08-19 00:47:27
I mean, that'll happen eventually. At some point, i figure people will just cross sign a valid known state, probably a year back or so -- something that has often been done today, but only after validating each transaction.
The snapshots could be checked by anybody who downloads the entire chain (and with storage costs plummeting, it's easy to imagine people selling USB sticks preloaded with a TB of independently checkable block data.
In truth, we're so far from that, it's not an issue, and we're far enough from a functioning and secure lightning network, we don't have an alternative. It just seems reckless to arbitrarily cap the network NOW for no reason other than it's the absurdly large limit put in place to prevent arbitrarily large spam blocks envisioned at the beginning.
Double the block size, get lightning network running and then we'll see what's the next crisis or upgrade on the path to domination of world finances.
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:46:38
Good bot
@_date: 2017-08-11 18:52:17
You're supposed to secure it the same way you secure a cold paper wallet, it's just fireproof. I like the idea for bolting it to your house's foundation, giving you fireproof security (although I would put the house's build date on it for better hiding).
Anyway, it's a fireproof paper wallet for cold storage. 
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:46:39
Totally aside from political ramifications, is it even remotely plausible that radiation hardened energy efficient designs for satellites at a 160nm node will remotely influence design at the 16nm node?
There have been billions spent on 16nm mask design optimization, and I'm betting most of their money is going to go into manufacture of barely competitive products rather than trying to make tiny incremental improvements through trial and error to an already mature node.
I'm thrilled that somebody is developing competing miners. I find it dubious that they're siphoning off 18% of all mining revenue -- what are they going to be nearly free? 
I'm pretty sure this is just a money laundering scheme for guys who plundered the old USSR infrastructure, and now are annoyed that they can't use their billions to buy comfortable life outside of Russia.
@_date: 2018-10-06 02:41:37
... stress testing by reducing their rewards to effectively reduce the network throughout...
It's not that there's absolutely no chance they're testing something, it's that there's no plausible test, using pool resources (reducing miner profits) that would yield useful information.
They've consistently had a much higher rate of empty blocks, even long after block propagation, than other pools. Either they're incompetent pool managers, or they're just trying to reduce BTC throughput, as would support their other attempts to advance BCH and discredit BTC developers. 
Or yeah, maybe they're running a mysterious test with incomprehensible goals, that's accelerating now that BCH is declining after years of particularly high empty block rates...
@_date: 2017-08-10 00:40:57
Lightning.network says the channel can be closed by either party without trust simply by transmitting the latest state of the channel to the blockchain.
I'm not sure where the misconception started, but this isn't an issue in the actual lightning network (assuming this site is accurate).
@_date: 2018-10-29 03:26:32
I have a friend who works at Amazon! My purchases pay his salary every month!
@_date: 2017-08-14 14:00:10
I swear, no matter how comfortable I get with Merkle trees, I can't stop thinking of Angela for a split second every time it comes up!
Edir: I hope my wife doesn't find this account.
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:17:20
Yes, one exchange will only free up 5-10% of the total demand, but immediately, the backlog at this price point will start to clear. Then when the second and third exchanges follow suit to save on fees themselves, the backlog will plummet as we have 20% more transactions in each block.
The demand for transactions isn't above 1mb for each block, just on average and at peak loads after some event -- the mempool regularly contracts for a time period. That means most blocks will stay under 1mb once the mempool is clear, even if blocks fill up a few times a day, and for a few consecutive hours a week.
Anyway, I get that you're sceptical of segwit, and that's healthy and fine, but pretending that BTC "will be more expensive than Western Union soon" just a day or so away from segwit activation that will increase capacity, is just wrong.
Sure, maybe segwit will fail miserably and everything will go to hell in some unforeseen exploit, but barring that, BTC fees won't be increasing day after day once the first exchange or pool implements segwit transactions, they'll just go toward zero just as they did in unfilled BCH blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-19 01:02:55
Unpruned, yes. I've forgotten what shaped means and I've been hesitant to really look at messing with my node (possibly rebuilding the blockchain from scratch with my luck) until all the forking shit settles down.
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:19:16
Oh settle down, I just finally got around to making a crypto focused account.
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:22:37
Are you saturating your upstream connection to anybody who's rebuilding a node? You can absolutely limit upstream bandwidth without compromising your node, just limiting it's utility to the network. I simply put a limit on traffic through the bitcoin port to keep my costs manageable (fuck comcast and bullshit 1tb monthly limits).
At 1mb per 10 minutes (say twice that with meta data? I forget), that's only around 10gb generated per month, so download bandwidth is very reasonable.
@_date: 2017-08-27 21:59:22
I love that site. I watch it closely.
To be clear "pretty much the same probability" is not remotely the same as *guarantee."
Are you really arguing otherwise? Just in the last 8 hours, 200 sat/byte transactions have been passed over repeatedly, and will absolutely be again when hash power jumps back to BCH for a few hours.
If you intend to guarantee that your transaction will be included in the next block, you need to pay well over the level that will probably be included in the next block.
@_date: 2017-08-27 03:09:10
So there is no alternate explanation for increased Bitcoin transaction volume?
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:35:19
Russia is bad. China is bad. Russia and China at the same time is complicated. Enemies fighting is good, but enemies fighting with nuclear ballistic missiles, not so good.
I'm going to go with geopolitics as usual.
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:23:26
I suppose, but what's the utility here? Are advertisers really required to support anything they don't want to?
Further, wouldn't hackers and scammers just turn it into a cesspool that reputable sites couldn't afford to use?
I'm just not sure what problem you're trying to solve. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:59:22
You did an incredible job! Maybe we'll get a tip bot back when segwit clears congestion (maybe eventually connected to lightning network before the mempool fills up at 1.7mb?)
The counter claim is that blockstream, through core, is trying to either destroy Bitcoin, or subvert it for AXA profit. That's not my position, but we could go another chapter where miners and core take some bad mushrooms and both start to think the other is trying to murder them as a passenger screams at them from the back seat.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:06:46
Why don't you keep a buy order up yourself?
@_date: 2017-08-31 23:46:30
Segwit transactions can be around 30-60 percent smaller, but fees are set in sat/byte so you'll actually be paying the lower amount while you bid the competitive rate.
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:14:31
You can take it out early with penalties, but best not to.
What you really do, is start saving all your earnings to non tax advantaged accounts (aside from your employer match) and plan to live off that until you hit the age when tax advantaged accounts open up without penalties.
If you have a few million in tax advantaged accounts, you'd better have a financial adviser (preferably a fee only one to align their incentives with your interests) or you're going to have a bad time (if you don't spend hundreds of hours learning how to be your own financial adviser, and still you'll miss stuff).
@_date: 2017-08-14 14:45:20
Coronal mass ejection that doesn't happen to miss earth (fortunately a small target) could easily do the same to the entire earth. Chances are good that half the Earth would be hit worse than the other half, but it could take down everything if we're unlucky.
The solar storm of 1859 sent auroras across the entire globe and brought down telegraphs across Europe and America. Unfortunately, current electronics are somewhat more sensitive to stray currents than telegraphs that are simple powered lines with mechanical switches!
Some bankers and scientists estimated the cost of a similar event today at a couple trillion dollars.
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:43:40
I'm still optimistic about BTC. Segwit will start to relieve the pressure (hopefully very soon as exchanges and pools have a huge incentive to reduce fees and relieve the pressure, and also happen to generate a huge portion of the transactions).
This will give developers months to move most transactions to segwit format while starting to open up the lightning network to small, convenient, instant transactions. Since most of my transactions are already through a couple channels (exchanges and exchange services like bitpay), routing them through the lightning network will be natural and cut my personal transaction count by an order of magnitude.
With all the pressure off the 1mb limit, it'll be open for hobbyists, purists and large movements to take place cheaply again.
That's not to say we'll never need a block size increase, but the mere existence of an off chain alternative that scales easily should keep on chain fees near zero for years (obviously less time if it picks up a sizeable fraction of the world economy -- a problem I'll be happy to face).
@_date: 2017-08-08 21:34:19
Is the soft fork really optional if part of the soft fork includes rejecting any blocks that fail to signal for segwit?
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:35:41
Thanks, I didn't realize that.
So the entire outrage is that they point out the need to upgrade, and then link to a version that supports segwit2x which they agreed to rather than the version that is actively disconnecting from segwit2x nodes.
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:30:20
They will take hot air from mining farm and duct it to nearby buildings, much like the old USSR used to pipe steam around towns to heat whole blocks of concrete apartment buildings.
The article doesn't detail how far the ducting will have to go, but I've seen enough soviet towns in Ukraine to know that simply laying big, ugly, rusting, insulated pipes between buildings isn't out of the question.
The concept works best when you have a large heated space right next to the heat generation, so I imagine they're heating apartment blocks and large public spaces, but not running ducting to individual suburban houses.
@_date: 2017-08-27 03:15:35
Monero has full blocks.
It's got a dynamic block size that will expand with sustained high transaction volume, but blocks have been full since the price spiked.
I know that's not really a counter example to the point you were trying to make, but I'd suggest that pointing to non full blocks in other blockchains doesn't really demonstrate what you intend.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:12:32
They linked to their outlining of a couple cases in their controversial blog post.
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:49:04
Sure, for a day or two. When a single exchange or pool enables segwit formatted transactions, it'll immediately free up space in every future block for 70% more transactions (not total, obviously only the segwit transactions free up space).
If you truly envision total transaction volume rising faster than segwit transaction volume in the near future, with such a huge economic incentive for exchanges and pools to enable segwit transactions, I think you're going to be surprised.
@_date: 2017-08-08 21:30:56
So... Why not scale layer 1 and layer 2+ at the same time?
Are you really arguing for an immutable 1mb block size limit for all time?
@_date: 2017-08-08 21:42:34
You have a good summary. That's why I'm a big fan of the lightning network.
I don't see 8mb blocks taking down most core nodes though, especially as the lightning network removes the need for users to run full nodes when they're making small transactions off chain.
It's like you're arguing that we shouldn't ever change the block size limit because if we removed it, bad things could happen.
Ok, sure, so let's just have it scale with median user connection speed with small incremental changes when we get close to the cap during a time when we're very far from affecting median users.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:28:49
They did, but I think I remember they lost a lawsuit a few years ago that stopped them from enforcing this.
That year, a bunch of the small time gas stations started offering a lower cash price, but I think it was more trouble than it was worth (or the payment processors found a new way to bully stores) so it slowly went away.
Still, I don't think they can contractually prohibit separate cash prices the way they did for decades.
@_date: 2017-08-19 00:33:50
What? I'm totally happy to pay fees. I'm not too interested in paying higher than visa's 4% fees for small transactions, although Bitcoin does compare well with credit card fees for large transactions.
I'm perfectly happy with moving most of my small transactions to a second layer, but I don't see why miner fees should be driven up unnecessarily, i.e. by keeping block sizes smaller than most people with broadband can download in a second or two.
I'm for a balance here, and a block size increase would free up space on the network to work flawlessly for the next year or so until the lightning network is so well entrenched, people are actually willing to trust well established payment hubs with their money.
@_date: 2017-08-16 23:43:09
Next time don't disclose your intentions. You're simply funding a trading account at a different bank. What are you trading (on the extremely unlikely chance that they ask)? Different kinds of financial assets. You don't know yet, you'll be consulting with your financial advisor (technically your cat). Heck, if they ask, "stocks and bonds?" you can honestly say, "maybe" -- who knows what the exchange will add in the future -- but I wouldn't offer information I thought would be deceptive.
Unless you're trying to move hundreds of thousands of dollars (in which case, hire a lawyer or accountant to advise you on how to nice your money trouble free), this should be sufficient.
They're not trying to ferret out crypto at the bank branch level. They're just legally required to select a reason from a list of transaction reasons, so if you can lead them toward a reason you feel is technically correct without mentioning crypto, you'll both be happy in the end. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 16:43:04
You're quite right that we're PROBABLY safe from having all electronics dying.
But the estimate made by bankers and scientists about a specific event that happened before is that it would cost us a trillion dollars or so. That's not a worst case, it's just a 5 minute event that spewed ridiculous numbers of high energy protons at The Earth.
Further, the main danger is not so much to the electronics in my car, which could be destroyed by a big enough emp, but probably no the 1859 event, but to anything connected to miles-long copper wires bringing electricity, phone and internet signals to our homes. These huge antennas will act just like the telegraph lines, blowing every transformer, killing a good number of power plants, and blowing any electronics unlucky enough to be behind insufficient surge protection.
We'll have warning. In a projected worst case,  we could shut down and unplug everything, ground planes etc -- as much as possible in the few hours we'd have. Then again, that would require that our government recognizes the risks and is willing to cause tens of billions of dollars of economic damage in exchange for a chance at reducing trillions.
Maybe I should be worried, but it's not like I'm going to check some CME alert blog every morning to see if one is coming.
@_date: 2017-08-18 19:57:48
I definitely agree. I really appreciate the community here helping me wrap my head around these things.
@_date: 2017-08-16 21:19:59
Reamed is the bad one. Rimmed is the sex act. 
I'll not proud of what sticks in my head.
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:21:51
Most of the blog post discusses the imminent segwit (no 2x) implementation though! They even have a link to two scenarios where an old non segwit enabled node could face double spend risks.
Upgrade to support segwit is apparently not QUITE optional due to the anyone can spend edge cases.
Then at the end, they mention segwit2x and their support for it. That didn't help avoid community outage.
To be fair, they could have mentioned that upgrading to software that enables segwit but not segwit2x was also an option (as opposed to simply mentioning their own segwit2x enabled software), but most of the outrage seems to be focused on a misreading of the blog post.
@_date: 2017-08-18 18:45:48
Those specific attacks that affect people doing zero confirmation attacks were what I was referring to. I'm sorry you don't like the term I used, but the fact remains that segwit has added attack vectors to older clients making an upgrade non optional.
I suppose it's ironic that they warn of a double spend attack through creation of an intentionally invalid fork that appears valid to old clients, when they support increasing the block size in response to full blocks.
Are we really going to be capped at 1mb forever though? I get how ridiculously large blocks that are too large for the median node to download can't work, but we're at least a couple orders of magnitude away from that point.
I haven't seen core devs vetoing all future block size increases, but I'd appreciate it if someone let's me know if I'm just ignorant! I regularly see references to how we don't immediately need a 2x because blocks are already increasing 1.8x through segwit, but if they plan to cap block size indefinitely, I'd like to see where that's being stated!
@_date: 2017-08-08 21:24:53
Do you then see bitcoin transitioning into an expensive settlement layer for lightning network "banks"? Where each transaction will cost hundreds of dollars, but the transactions are in millions so it's not a big deal?
Is there a reason you want to force that transaction now at 1mb and not a decade from now when block size exceeds what I can reasonably download in a 10min period?
I don't mean that glibly, I just haven't seen somebody argue that it's silly to want Bitcoin to be accessable and to have low fees as long as possible.
@_date: 2017-08-27 03:26:43
Conservatively assuming all the coinbase accounts are active, a sample size of 300 gives you a 95th percentile confidence interval of 5.7%
That's not great, but it's not too horrible either, especially since there are going to be a significant number of abandoned coinbase accounts.
If you're going to question the validity of the poll, it's probably better to focus on the inherent bias since it's not a random sample, causing an unknown but probably significantly greater than 5.7% bias in the results.
@_date: 2017-08-27 18:35:12
It looks about right to me. There are still enough high fee transactions, that to guarantee getting into the next block, you really do need to pay hundreds of SATs per byte.
The other level they report is the median fee, which is a decent number.
They could report the maximum fee left in the mempool after the last block, but as we've seen recently, that could easily get your transaction stuck for days if the mempool spikes again.
The reality is that in times of high volatility, people are going to be willing to keep paying high fees for guaranteed service until it is clear that the volatility is over.
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:25:08
I'm not particularly new, no (just made a crypto focused account, should have realized it's a horrible idea to post on and with a new account.
I get signaling and I actually read the bips out of curiosity. I didn't catch that the rejection of non signaling blocks stopped after activation. Thanks for the correction, I'll go back and look for that specifically.
@_date: 2017-08-31 23:34:13
Avoid coinbase and find a better solution?
If you really want to make this work, remove all mention of Bitcoin ( probably write the details out by hand) and bring it to your bank to initiate a sepa payment. It costs $30 where I live, so it's not exactly cheap, but if this account is worth that to you, it's at least an option.
They have to select a reason for the transaction in the system. Give them something truthful that does not mention Bitcoin. I usually say it's for financial services, and if pressed, I'd discuss how it is to open an account where I can purchase various financial assets as suggested by my financial advisor.
@_date: 2017-08-10 01:52:27
Isn't that a raging sign of an impending crash?
I feel like when CNBC gets excited about bitcoin, the bubble is about over by definition.
@_date: 2017-08-09 14:09:55
Thanks, that's certainly fair. I definitely agree, although the guys over at btc are a bit annoyed about the idea of losing their transactional currency.
Of course segwit should increase effective block size, and we can absolutely handle a couple doubling of the block size when segwit is no longer enough.
I don't see any reason to rush a block size increase after segwit, just as I don't see any reason to inflate transaction fees unnecessarily by hodling block size as 1mb.
Anyway, thanks for giving your perspective! Bitcoin wouldn't be the same as a store of large value, but as long as litecoin or BCH etc. still exist, it's not like we lose transactional crypto altogether.
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:28:52
Sort of. The joke with heavily shielded containers is that if they're necessary, we'll lose power for months, maybe years in some areas. I'm not worried about the blockchain and the bitcoins I've purchased disappearing. Because if they do go down in a CME, bitcoins, and likely dollars too, will be pretty worthless as we struggle to find clean water.
I'm not saying the world is ending. I'm just saying that IF something takes out Bitcoin (or any other online service I'm relying on), I'm going to have much bigger worries as the blockchain is far more resilient than our food distribution logistics (for example).
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:53:17
That's not what those Twitter responses say, or what most responses here say.
Instead of clearly pointing out that while an upgrade is necessary for segwit, we think they should have mentioned the politics behind signaling with one or the other side's versions, everybody went straight to cries of fraud, discussion of lawsuits, and burning debit cards.
I get that politics can be contentious, but it'd be nice if people could at least ATTEMPT to clearly state the position with which they are disagreeing without calling for them to be burned as heretical witches. 
@_date: 2017-08-09 12:20:00
Fair enough. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:19:16
It's not that they prefer cash payments. They just don't lose customers if they explicitly pass on the fees, so they're the only ones that can pass on the absurdly high fees without losing money.
They've made more progress in educating Americana about absurdly high credit card fees than all the media reports put together.
@_date: 2017-08-10 01:24:13
That's certainly a fair criticism, thanks for writing it up!
To me, that just emphasizes how the lightning network will involve trust. If I don't trust the other party in that sort of arrangement, I would just take the transaction onto the blockchain.
The lightning network allows me to make instant, irreversible transactions at the cost of opening a 2 way channel with a lightning network entity I trust -- effectively a LN bank. Depending on the entity, that sounds a hell of a lot less risky than what I do now -- trusting Visa to securely take care of my transactions for a 3-5% cut of every transaction (and we still don't have even basic Chip and pin security here in America)!
I definitely don't want Bitcoin fees to balloon to unusability (although an option like BCC or litecoin could serve that purpose), but I'm also not opposed to trusting intermediaries, especially when they can't actually steal my money (unlike Visa), just inconvenience me by holding open a channel I'd prefer to close before it times out.
It'll be interesting to see all the clever ways people can attack layer 2.
@_date: 2017-08-18 20:48:39
And me. I'd like to see Bitcoin scale block size with demand for transactions, at least until it becomes infeasible to run a node in a median broadband connection (an order of magnitude or two higher than 1mb). 
I'm just this guy, though. Nobody listens to me.
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:53:11
I'm not sure they will be more expensive. When the LN is available, I could envision a majority of small transactions moving there. Mining pool transactions could simply go straight from the pool straight to exchanges (or your LN wallet if you set up a link with the pool) for a single on chain transaction handling what is now hundreds of payouts. Instead of having nicehash send you an on chain transaction once a day, they can pay your once an hour into a LN channel that is just as irreversible, and which you control and can spend from, but which doesn't hit the block chain until you want it to.
Yeah, it won't happen soon (in two weeks), but the up to 1.7x capacity increase will likely buy a few months to a year.
If none of this works at all, yeah, Bitcoin is screwed if it doesn't hard fork a block size increase. I'm just not sure why people think both segwit and lightning network will fail so miserably.
Once the lightning network is up, even slightly higher fees should push a larger portion of transactions off chain since the barrier to entry is so small (open a LN channel) compared to today (send your Bitcoin to an exchange, change to Fiat, then wait for a withdrawal to process). I see that keeping fees far below the current situation where there's no choice but to bid ever higher or get out of bitcoin altogether.
@_date: 2017-08-08 20:18:02
That came out years ago.
@_date: 2018-06-21 23:29:51
I just want margins commensurate with the risk I perceive.
I'm not grumpy with bisq, I hope it thrives. I'm just surprised at how many people are willing to take USD bank transactions with so much manual vetting and transacting for such low margins.
Crypto to crypto transactions on bisq make perfect sense to me.
@_date: 2018-06-21 21:16:27
I really disagree. I'd be willing to risk major hassles with reversed charges at my banks (who then report me to other banks, possibly making my life very complicated) only for significantly higher fees.
At the very least, I'd want to be making 5-10% on smaller transactions to pay for my time and the inevitable fraud even before I start trying to figure out how much personal bank trouble is worth.
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:46:33
They posted a guide for how to upgrade to handle segwit transactions. It looks to me like it was targeted at people who are using one of their services using software that doesn't support segwit, and might need a segwit enabled node acting as a firewall between their service and the rest of the network.
They also mentioned segwit2x, The hard fork that has become anathema around here.
In response, there's been a proposal to remove them from bitcoin.com (or org?) site for "fraudulently" claiming that everybody has to upgrade to btc1 or something.
Looks to me like they're being punished for supporting segwit2x, and their discussion of upgrading nodes is being taken a bit out of context, but everything is moving too fast for me to track properly, and I'm reading enough totally incompatible accounts, that it seems various people are upset for various reasons and are more using this as a battleground than actually addressing what, precisely, bitpay did wrong and how they could have reworded to avoid at least being called fraudulent (if not avoiding the inevitable controversy over any mention of segwit and segwit2x) 
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:16:10
Really? It looks like my real private key to me!
@_date: 2019-06-09 04:04:56
Anybody who can read Wikipedia should know that the federal reserve is the entity that creates money for the federal government. They loan this money to banks across the country in exchange for interest.
What's the point of an audit? Do you imagine that it's some secret that the federal reserve creates readily liquifiable assets like treasury bonds, and lends them out to banks?
They COULD just print physical bills and send them to bank vaults all across the country, but doing it digitally is vastly cheaper and has the same effect.
@_date: 2019-02-03 20:44:20
Bitcoin developers are aware of a range of algorithms that are not performed faster on quantum computers than traditional computers (in particular, algorithms need to avoid factoring large numbers).
Changing the algorithm is easy and has already been done in a range of alt coins, and can be implemented in a matter of months.
Since we're years away from any significant effect from quantum computers (at minimum) implementing a change is not currently considered an emergency worth acting on.
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:34:00
So transaction fees will almost certainly be lower on the 2x chain because aside from unevidenced claims of popularity, it has double the capacity per block.
That means transactions will be confirmed faster on the 2x chain at the same fee.
But neither chain will easily allow users to remove transactions from the mempool or to submit a second transaction with the same inputs while the first exists in the mempool.
Submitting a low fee transaction might work for many users as a way to split their coins, but it'll take days to drop out of the 1x mempool, so you'd need some patience to try to use this method.
@_date: 2019-02-19 18:06:55
Wait, you think it's the people with LITTLE experience in crypto that have trouble believing claims of solvency and good financial management without third party audits?
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:36:15
That was an estimate from breaking Bitcoin panel discussion. A pretty awkward response (they were obviously not prepared to estimate a timeframe).
@_date: 2017-11-15 00:36:28
Bill Gates did chill out after a few billion. There's always a few exceptions to prove the rule.
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:52:31
My ledger doesn't receive firmware updates without my connecting the ledger, inputting my pin, and then initiating an update from the computer and approving the upgrade on my ledger.
It isn't entirely impossible the device can be remotely accessed. Your trezor is better in this respect since it's open source, so people have looked at the source and don't see any code that could remotely be used for remote access.
But I've absolutely monitored the traffic going to and from the ledger, and the PC apps are all open source, so they can't perform the remote update unless you manually update them first anyway.
To protect against this attack, you might simply wait until someone you trust has checked the open source PC apps (or check them yourself) before loading them into your PC.
It's wrong to think that anybody could just submit trezor updates to computers all over the internet without getting malware onto our machines first.
Finally, if used as a cold wallet, you can absolutely generate some addresses on one mnemonic with an offline pc, then load another mnemonic for routine use. Even if the trezor is compromised, it will only be aware of the current set of addresses, so it can't compromise the cold wallet addresses that are no longer in memory.
In short, you're being appropriately paranoid, but as long as you keep your trezor offline and maybe watch trezor open source development for signs of remote access, you'll be fine.
@_date: 2019-02-01 02:38:16
How the hell do they measure low and high income unemployment? When you're unemployed, don't you have zero employment income by definition?
@_date: 2017-11-07 15:00:22
Wait, why would AWS care if people are running cryptocurrency nodes? That's exactly the sort of thing AWS is designed for!
They get grumpy if you max shared CPU resources mining, but running a server online is exactly what they're selling.
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:37:05
Sure, but most of those transactions I mentioned really are under 5 sat/byte. If transactions were being spammed (i.e. transferring between one person's accounts for the purpose of inflating the mempool) I'd expect it to be these.
I have certainly not seen any clear evidence of spamming so I'm really not sure what to make of this kind of allegation, but at the same time there are a really large number of nearly zero fee transactions in the mempool!
Speaking of transaction fees, even 1sat/byte costs 1.6 cents or so. We're getting remarkably close to the point where we'll need to hard fork in some more decimal places (a few years away, but given that we'll likely only see one hard fork before then with core philosophy on hard forks, it would be a shame to neglect this)!
@_date: 2017-11-07 14:42:33
Most absolutely deliver hash rate. The scam is mainly that it gives the operator a guaranteed profit while giving most of the risk (mainly if increasing difficulty) to the renter.
I haven't looked to see how they're planning to handle the fork, but I imagine some would be willing to profit from sending guaranteed hash power to a specific chain.
@_date: 2017-11-22 19:16:46
RemindMe! 39 days "2017 is the last chance to but BTC &lt; 10k$"
@_date: 2017-11-15 02:27:01
Right. And when he reached that status, he chilled off a bit and said, "now I have enough, I'm just going to work on spending it improving the world."
@_date: 2019-02-03 20:53:19
The US government doesn't even have direct access to the technology to fabricate state of the art standard semiconductors since a Fab costs billions of dollars, and all the most advanced fabs are in Taiwan, China, and Korea.
Further, most encryption is already quantum resistant, and is moving slowly away from the factoring of large numbers we know quantum computers could one day be good at.
If you look at how heavily the NSA relied on mass collection of unencrypted data, and sending secret national security orders for unencrypted data from US companies, it's really hard to conclude that they have hardware that's decades ahead of state of the art.
They have plenty of tricks, but they don't NEED to have science fiction levels of encryption busting computers, since they can just insert, identify or pay for bugs in operating systems and other software, and use it to install malware on target computers that gives them access to the unencrypted data.
People and businesses are simply so careless with encryption that it would be a waste of money to build advanced quantum computers even if the NSA could!
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:00:37
Hey sure, why not?
I just finally fully embraced the /s after a series of really annoyingly pissed off, long-winded responses to my sarcasm. I don't mind people getting worked up, but somehow it's really annoying to me to have inadvertantly caused it.
@_date: 2017-11-21 22:29:17
I said elsewhere that eliminating all banks probably won't work, although a society could go as far as banning all fractional reserve lending and investment banking etc... I got a few replies and this just seemed like another -- sorry!
"I'm pretty sure" is generally used to convey higher confidence than simple concern during a period when people aren't focused on world events. I'd frankly go with "I'm really worried" myself.
But local language issues aside, hyperbole is rampant on the internet. I was lightly chiding you for using such strong near certain language while probing for more information if you had seen some clear evidence an attack was planned.
Thanks for taking my totally off comment reply so graciously! 
I hope you are wrong about Christmas!
@_date: 2017-11-08 04:05:23
They're rewriting a contract so it doesn't function as written. That's just as much a bailout as rewriting the blockchain to reverse a valid transaction.
People don't own transactions on the blockchain. They may possess cryptographic keys that allow them to sign previous transactions according to the blockchain code, but even though it's a convenient way to visualize the blockchain, it's not accurate to say that changing a contract after the fact to reproduce everybody's expected outcome is the same as giving people back something they owned.
People tied the eth they control up in a contract that could be cancelled at any moment with a simple command. They haven't lost any ETH, they simply can't transfer it now that the contract is cancelled.
@_date: 2017-11-07 15:23:50
At least one BCH supporter recently told me that if nobody else does it, he will just to fuck with bitcoin.
That really opened my eyes -- it doesn't take more than one technically competent troll to automatically relay transactions from one chain to the other.
Then again, you would have to be capable of some fairly simple coding which rules out the vast majority of bitcoin users.
@_date: 2017-11-15 01:46:21
It does extend the period of the problem, but it kills off any bitcoin fork that follows the same rules almost immediately.
That's why bitcoin cash had to add their emergency difficulty adjustment. If they had stuck with the original rules, they would never have hit their first difficulty adjustment.
The long period is effective against unplanned forks, but it'll never be particularly effective in preventing altcoin supporters from paying miners to mine on a separate chain.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:14:51
Bitcoin mining collapsed to ghash.io when we got 256kb blocks because smaller pools saw increasing orphan rates even on high end internet connections. Now we have thin blocks, but around 10x the number of transactions per block as when the problem showed up last time.
How long do you intend to run the entire Bitcoin network off a single mining pool (with zero censorship resistance) when all other mining pools have a steadily increasing tax of orphaned blocks?
Graphene doesn't even help much as the problem at 10mb blocks won't be metadata propagation, but actual transaction propagation that adds significantly to block propagation times.
@_date: 2019-02-19 18:12:50
Oh fair, I focused on the guy's other assumptions.
@_date: 2019-06-05 00:40:30
Do you want to be your own bank or not?
If not, just let your bank handle your cryptocurrency for you (eventually). No, you don't own the keys, you also don't own all the liability.
@_date: 2017-11-08 04:28:14
Indeed. It's probably worth making a distinction between reversing transactions, and just reinstating a contract that all involved parties agree was not supposed to be cancelled.
That's especially true since the hard fork doesn't have to rewrite the blockchain (affecting other users). It simply needs to somehow hardcode this contract (without the horrible bug) back into force so the wallets work again as before.
That said, once there's a precedent for rewriting contracts via hard fork, what's going to prevent a Russian or Canadian court from compelling vitalik to rewrite another contract that breaks local laws?
Maybe that never comes up, but at some point, courts are going to clash with a centralized blockchain that is edited by fiat in a way that they can't with a blockchain that has decentralized governance. That probably becomes more likely the more often vitalik hard forks the blockchain to influence contracts.
Vitalik knows this and I assume he's gotten legal advice on the matter, but it's still interesting to me to see how this kind of expensive disaster plays out.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:28:18
You can't prove the silicon is secure without doing the manufacturing yourself. There's no cryptographic proof for a secure element or CPU!
The best you can do is trust that the manufacturer of components didn't add a back door -- one that would be hard to fully hide from researchers who absolutely do cut apart silicon to see how it works (although usually without reverse engineering the entire chip -- more looking for extra memory that shouldn't be there.
If you don't trust the random nature of the generated seeds, you can absolutely generate your own and load it to the ledger. It's not super easy since the last word is a checksum, but you can either do the simple math yourself or load an application to generate wallets on an online computer in tails.
Then you can verify that every address generated is the correct address prescribed by the algorithm in bip44. That's to ensure that the ledger didn't modify bip44 to throw some predetermined addresses in with the ones tied algorithmically to your randomly generated key.
Finally, you can monitor all traffic between the ledger and your computer to ensure it never sends anything other than what is prescribed by the specification and open source PC client. You can actually sign transactions on an offline computer to make extra sure nothing escapes before you can catch it.
Finally, you keep your ledger unplugged while not in use so on the off chance that the manufacturer does trigger exfiltration of private keys at some point, you'll likely hear about it before you plug it in and have your coins stolen.
I did generate my own keys, and verify that addresses generated are correct, but after quickly looking at the communication over USB, I decided to trust ledger.
I do agree that a permanently offline computer is probably even safer for signing transactions, especially if you transfer data through provable one way methods to eliminate the chance of a super silent Trojan infecting through a USB drive (i.e. typing a transaction from one computer to another, or using OCR to transfer with a webcam) but I choose to trust that the manufacturer values their reputation and future sales enough to avoid spending millions of dollars engineering a back door that would almost certainly be discovered before they could profit from the theft.
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:58:30
You can't be bothered to access a wallet for a quick 10% return?
Damn, you must be deep into these newfangled ICOs!
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:42:44
Because the editor demanded a picture of bitcoin, the photographer said, "How the hell do I take a picture of electrons in my hard drive?" His assistant said, "Doesn't the author just have some on a dongle at his desk?" and the photographer said, "Fuck it, let's go."
@_date: 2017-11-23 16:58:18
At least it's not Trump.
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:28:39
/s is a replacement for the nearly deadpan delivery with a twinkle in her eye that indicates intent in the best satirists.
Poe's law is a real problem online. The sheer number of commenters means that there will always be a few that actually believe whatever insane thing you're pretending to satirize.
The /s makes it less funny, but prevents the inevitable argument over whether or not it's satire along with some serious and angry responses from people convinced it's not -- responses that make it utterly unfunny in the extreme.
@_date: 2017-11-21 21:54:26
Yes they will.
But at the same time, any grassroots push to build an economy free of banks will naturally develop banks, even if they use a different name for companies that deal with the financial services.
I'm not arguing we need to preserve any current banks, any current bankers or any of their practices in particular. I'm just saying that they play an important role in even local economies and will exist in some form in any functioning economy.
@_date: 2017-11-13 18:23:11
Indeed. Not only high inflation, but BCH buyers being willing to pay millions for those coins they dumped onto the market with the EDA.
With the EDA adjusted now, there should be far less dramatic inflation spikes, so a spike in BCH price won't be magnified by the inflation spike to draw away a majority of hash rate unless the BCH price is actually higher than BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-07 14:57:24
Right now there's 35MB at under 10 sat/byte.
It's not iota, and maybe he should have said "under 5 cent fee" but it's not hard to understand that he's talking about the disproportionate number of low fee transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-13 17:59:45
What's that, like $0.25 in Freedom Dollars?
@_date: 2017-11-08 11:19:45
They won't be replayed automatically after the first 2x block because legacy nodes will immediately ban any node transmitting the invalid blocks and the networks will quickly become separate.
It will require an attacker to bridge the two chains at that point.
@_date: 2017-11-07 15:04:45
The idea with zero evidence behind it, is that Jeff has been working with blockstream this whole time and 2x is simply an attempt, along with bitcoin gold, to discredit the first recent fork, BCH as "just another damn fork."
It's really not the least probable baseless conspiracy theory I've ever seen, but to be fair, that's a super low bar these days.
@_date: 2017-11-07 23:21:43
Sure. It would take a lot of statistical analysis I don't have time for to tease out patterns in the rise and fall of different fee tiers. It's annoying to me how quickly people throw out accusations of spamming or trolling, but it's just as impossible to disprove without evidence.
I know 1sat is the lower limit, but it's shocking to me that we're within 100x of the lower limit being 1 cent already!
We probably still have plenty of time to extend the decimal, but that's what they said about the block size limit and segwit got delayed for well over a year until the empasse finally broke.
Given how contentious changes are, and how wary core developers are of hard forks, it would suck to hit $1,000,000 per BTC 4 years from now only to find that there was massive opposition to a resolution increase among miners that never want to see less than 1 sat per transaction fees!
@_date: 2017-11-12 00:46:30
What if I'm not insane?
Kids these days, shorting crypto like it won't drive them to zero overnight!
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:47:23
What constitutes "pretty sure" in this context? You saw someone repeat the white board trolling and figured since it's on the internet it must be true?
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:06:30
Sure that's an option, but since we're talking about a replay of every transaction, most users will be unaware that they need to check for their transaction on the second chain and send the transaction back to themselves with a higher fee.
Sophisticated users will safely split their coins and wait for sufficient confirmations to safely prevent a reorganization from reverting their transactions. If nothing else, they could combine newly mined coins with their current coins to safely split them.
It's just that the possibility of safe splitting doesn't really reduce the impact of replay attacks on average users.
@_date: 2017-11-17 19:11:12
It doesn't say which currency JP Morgan was using for money laundering. I bet it was litecoin. Can we get the federal government to ban litecoin (or whatever currency JP Morgan was using to launder criminal earnings)?
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:29:22
It was USD. The federal government should ban USD. 
I was trying to make a joke, but my -2 score demonstrates my failure.
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:59:11
When you open a channel, both ends put up some Bitcoin locked into the channel (not necessarily the same amount). So say you put in your Bitcoin spending for the month, and you spend most of the money. Neither side can go to zero, so you either close the channel, or more likely, you settle up on the blockchain to recharge your balance and empty theirs for the next month.
Consumers will tend to want to keep a large balance and put coins into lightning network channels regularly. Merchants will tend to want to keep a low balance and pull coins out of lightning network channels regularly.
Actual use will depend on many of the details that aren't yet obvious. Large hubs with larger channels will tend to be able to charge lower fees simply because they can rebalance their channels less often, but there may be little niches for smaller players to enable short hops between vendors that would otherwise have an inefficient number of hops between them.
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:24:01
They are predicting that because lightning network nodes can be used to shift money from one address to another in a chain of links, nodes could be classified as money transmitters and banned in the US.
To reinforce this, some of them claim that since the lightning network will likely feature a hub and spoke topology (just because addresses with more Bitcoins can maintain more and larger links), the hubs will be required by US law to enforce KYC and AML laws even if smaller connections fall through the cracks.
Frankly it's based largely on a misconception that trusted hubs will be required by the lightning network, not just that untrusted hubs will be a natural topological feature. They take discussion of the network topology, and repeat the "hub" term to people who have never heard of network topology, then those people repeat that lightning network will require connecting to a hub etc...
That's not to say laws won't apply and possibly limit the function of some forms of higher layer networks! But amateur legal analysis of how regulators will respond to new technology is pretty worthless at best, even before you have amateurs basing their legal analysis on a fundamental misunderstanding of the lightning network (i.e. assuming that you'll have to connect to a KYC-requiring hub to use the network).
I have no doubt some nodes will require KYC and have advanced services provided along with it. I also have little doubt that trying to enforce KYC for all lightning network users will be impossible, if it's even attempted at all.
@_date: 2017-11-08 13:32:15
Good question. I got way too hyperbolic up there and I apologize!
Certainly ethereum code is run by users and miners, and the ethereum classic demonstrates that nobody has to follow any specific chain!
It's far more complicated than ordering one guy to do something.
But if contract fixes become commonplace, you'll run into contentious, harmful forks more and more often.
Thanks for questioning my late night rambling!
@_date: 2017-11-10 01:17:35
Most improvements in security over trusting the manufacturer require some technical knowledge. For example, you could plug the trezor only into an offline PC and transfer signed transactions via QR code so you can validate that no extra information is being leaked. It's not hard to compile code yourself, it'll certainly take more time though.
Honestly, an offline PC with a program to sign the transactions is even more secure, it's just not remotely as convenient. Keep a copy of your private key punched into a stainless steel plate, and it'll even likely survive a house fire (letter punches are super cheap, and you can get scrap rectangles of stainless steel on eBay for $30 or so).
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:20:07
Why not just generate segwit addresses for new deposits and new internal addresses?
No need to move any existing holdings more than their typical workflow.
@_date: 2019-04-15 12:30:35
Holy shit!
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:36:27
That's great.
Credit cards are fantastic for you! You can go on letting a bank have the option cut you off without warning or recourse, and having your entire transaction history sold regularly to third parties you've never heard of (in a form the banks claim is anonymous, but obviously holds the value of your spending habits and patterns.
Not everybody wants privacy and unrestricted access to their money. For those who don't, banks are wonderful!
@_date: 2017-11-27 06:27:29
When you see people swimming naked, the correct reaction is not to laugh, but to strip down and jump in!
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:43:58
Which is yet another federal felony, intentionally structuring transfers to avoid the reporting requirements.
If you get rich, just pay your damn taxes and pay a tax specialist to minimize your tax liability like all the other rich people who don't want to go to federal prison!
@_date: 2019-04-02 23:41:28
@_date: 2019-04-20 14:52:39
They sure as hell haven't tried by making transfers between individuals faster or easier!
@_date: 2019-04-14 18:57:30
No not at all.
Banks are required to be able to unilaterally reverse transactions. That's how a whole class of fraud works today -- people get you to cash a fraudulent check, then send some of the money to them. Banks will reverse the first transaction once they find it was fraudulent, but won't reverse the second because if they did, they would lose money.
You can currently hold cryptocurrency at exchanges like Gemini that are regulated as money transmitters (they're regulated, but forgive me if I have the category wrong from memory). I'd expect actual banks to start handling cryptocurrency eventually, certainly they seem to be getting close in Europe.
Some people don't want to hold their own keys just like some people don't want to be responsible for the secure storage of their own valuables. That part doesn't remotely surprise me.
What surprises me is how long we've gone with no way to irreversibly send anonymous cash worldwide. 
I'm not going to hold all my savings in a Bitcoin wallet without some seriously strong security measures (measures I currently entrust to banks quite happily). But I'd sure like to be able to buy ANYTHING online without giving a bank a permanent record of that purchase. 
Whether it's something I might find embarrassing like porn or a second life account, politically charged literature I don't want a future McCarthy to ruin my life over, or a hobby like cryptocurrency I don't want my bank to close my accounts over without warning or recourse, I need to be able to make transactions online without bank oversight.
@_date: 2019-04-26 20:55:00
Shoot, if bitfinex is backed by cocaine money, it sounds a heck of a lot more solvent than if they're printing tether in exchange for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2017-11-16 21:46:58
I hope not, but sure, if I was worth a billion dollars in bitcoin, I'd absolutely push my money into driving bitcoin in the direction I thought it needed to go.
The problem is that one man's attack is another's principled stand. If the main community embraced mining centralization due to block propagation delays and a select few fought with millions of dollars to try to prevent the centralized coin from dominating the cryptocurrency space, I wouldn't be surprised either!
That's totally aside from considering actual malicious intent. I can speculate about other people's intent if I like, but I see little in general of Roger Ver that couldn't reasonably be explained as a well meaning guy who is simply wrong sometimes.
@_date: 2019-04-12 17:21:05
Drop and join the 48 hour fad!
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:27:31
"open a different account or understand and plan around the arcane restrictions better" is exactly why we need crypto.
You know the equivalent of ACH transfers in Europe are instant? The only reason they take 3 days (for small payments) in America is that the cartel of banks that runs ACH transfers voted a few years ago to block any reduction in speed so they can sell more wire transfer fees.
There's no technical limitation, they're just screwing customers because customers have no alternative.
There's no reason in modern banking to limit savings account withdrawals to 6 a month. Banks just don't care that it regularly screws customers, so they don't bother to lobby for a change to the regulation on behalf of their customers.
Banks could kill crypto tomorrow by enabling instant transfers between trusted accounts for small payments. They don't even want to because they can squeeze more fees out of retail customers for longer by treating customers as sheep to be sheared.
Yeah, OP can work around this next time if they understand what went wrong. They shouldn't have to though -- banks are just actively anti consumer and monopolistic by nature
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:06:25
Oh right, they'd have to do a whole lot more to relax anti money laundering restrictions etc.
Blockchain wouldn't disappear, but they could absolutely kill Bitcoin as a potentially widely accepted payment method if they made it easy to transact in dollars and send fiat around the world irreversibly in minutes, if not seconds.
@_date: 2019-04-29 19:06:56
Cool, you might buy some Bitcoin.
But if you're trying to trade -- buy low and sell high for short term profits -- you're going to need to do way more research, including understanding what long and short positions are, and what are the tax implications of selling bitcoins in your jurisdiction.
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:04:19
There's no doubt that maintaining an inflationary fiat currency allows bankers to drive investing or spending, giving them some control over the overall economic trajectory.
However, it's not clear that giving bankers this power is ultimately a good thing, nor is it clear that this is the only way to encourage a well functioning economy.
In fact, it can be argued that the obsession with consistent economic growth to keep people employed while eroding cash savings has massively contributed to the hyper consumerist Western culture that is utterly destroying the planet in our pursuit of ever increasing amounts of stuff.
People can't simply save cash, they have to accumulate goods that won't inflate away.
I don't at all agree that cryptocurrency has fatal flaws. There's a ton of work to do if it's ever going to replace a significant portion of fiat money, and I'm far from sure which currencies will become dominant long term, but it's not as if it fundamentally doesn't work as a deflationary asset.
@_date: 2019-04-21 03:42:22
Yes of course there's many reasons gold isn't used! Gold isn't so great in my book!  Not because a bank can just pop more out of thin air, but because it's impossible to transmit gold to a store in Estonia without a digital currency.
Just as fiat is now a truly digital currency, Bitcoin is the same, but not inflated away on the whim of a bank.
I'm not remotely certain Bitcoin will replace USD (although I'd be surprised at this point if some country didn't eventually pin their fiat currency to one cryptocurrency or another).
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:45:47
Yep. That's why I said it's a regulation the banks support (because they do).
@_date: 2019-04-20 04:41:09
OP could get into the details of their contract.
But they made a very clear point. They can't move their money when they want to because of esoteric bank regulations supported by banks.
That's an argument for crypto right there. There's a massive use case for a digital cash that doesn't require reading, comprehending and remembering hundreds of pages of fine print to understand exactly when you're allowed to access the money in your bank account.
@_date: 2019-04-26 19:35:40
Straight lines are for noobs. Exponential or GTFO!
@_date: 2019-04-21 11:44:45
Note that all your proposals for investing money end up routing more and more of your money to the bankers. 
Yep it's volatile. There hasn't been a futures market for more than a handful of months. Is your argument against it ever being useful that right now it's too cheap and can be manipulated by people with money?
As for disintegrating savings, fiat currencies do that too whenever a government runs out of money and tries to use inflation to reduce the value of their debt.
@_date: 2019-04-14 21:59:40
If there was a market for dog shit with thousands of times more liquidity (real liquidity, not just wash trading) than the value of my home, and I didn't have to deal with actually smelling or hiring someone to shift the dog shit, absolutely.
I'm not picky about what currency I buy and sell in as long as it's liquid.
@_date: 2019-04-24 20:14:08
The crash from $115k in October 2021 will burn even MORE people and be even MORE amusing!
@_date: 2019-04-20 21:36:45
Right because gold was never used as a currency, certainly not in America!
There's no reason a scarce asset wouldn't work as a currency in America. It would take some significant reworking of our monetary policy, but it's not like monetary policy would cease to exist.
More importantly, it's not like an inflationary fiat can't coexist with a deflationary gold. That's the situation we have today after all.
@_date: 2019-04-24 20:32:24
My super inaccurate crystal ball says the opposite. I think we're in for a slow steady rise (with various 1-2 month dips) as people chase their FOMO so soon after the last run.
I think there's enough people waiting for a dip back to $3000 to prevent an actual dip to $3000. I figure that they will finally buy in at $9000 if it pulls back from $9500.
Now that I've said that, it'll almost certainly plummet to $1500. It's not like I'm actually making bets (what people around here call "investment") based on my dim view of future prices.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:56:05
Bitcoins are a public ledger. You can try to stay anonymous, but the more you use it, the easier it will be to identify you.
@_date: 2018-03-14 23:09:31
Here's the comment I'm referring to.






@_date: 2018-02-15 01:02:07
It depends on the country. In the US, the minimum capital requirement was 8% last I checked. The M2 for the USD gives a similar 
measurement of around 12% USD banknotes compared to USD deposits and money market funds, although M2 is across the entire USD economy, and is not limited to banks (suggesting that average banks are somewhat more conservative than 12%, certainly more conservative than the regulatory limit of 8%).
@_date: 2018-02-13 20:56:32
You can easily get 30TB for under a grand these days, although it obviously won't be backed up at any one location for that price.
I've got 20TB I picked up at sales for under $500 in the last couple years.
Anyway, BitTorrent absolutely allows partial downloads and prioritization of download of different portions of a database. BitTorrent sync (now resilio) would likely work out of the box both to maintain databases and to distribute the files, although you'd probably want to build some custom search on top of it dedicated to academic papers.
You're absolutely right that this isn't a good application for blockchains. There's simply no reason to validate the immutability of the data (given that it's all copied without permission anyway), except perhaps with an authors cryptographic signature.
Of course if they built a platform on Bitcoin synch, they'd get a cease and desist order pretty quickly, but free academic papers would be a fantastic application for BitTorrent in general.
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:35:41
Looks to me like someone (coinbase?) Shut down their normal operations to change over to segwit. This created a planned backlog of transactions that was then dumped into the mempool over a few hours as soon as the new code was ready to run.
I have no insider information, but it's a plausible explanation for a sudden increase in both transaction count and segwit percent, especially since we have the huge clue that coinbase said they'd roll out segwit in this timeframe.
@_date: 2018-03-14 20:12:13
They paid Bitmain to pay for customs fees. Bitmain pocketed the money and failed to pay the fees, so the customer had to pay again (a second time) to have their shipment released from customs.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:16:21
I've tried my best with this, but honestly, it's next to impossible to value the asset on the date and time it was issued because there is, by definition, no market trading the coin at the moment it was forked. 
I try to minimize my risk by simply selling any forked coins worth enough to be worth the effort as soon as possible, and claiming the sale price as ordinary income, but the gap between the fork and my managing to sell really bugs me.
@_date: 2018-02-27 04:27:54
Compared to death by disease and violence in any other period of history.
Check out this history of violence. The share of deaths related to violence has never been lower than today in any archaeological record anywhere in the world.
If you're hearing people say the world is going to hell, step back and consider why they're trying to scare you with absurdly untrue statements as crime drops in most countries due to bans on leaded gasoline, and the proportion of violent deaths is lower than any time in human history.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:41:39
Are you American? You sound American.
@_date: 2018-02-02 01:54:26
Never try to apply overarching common sense to taxes. What matters is tax law and the irs' interpretation of tax laws.
Once you fully understand tax law and interpretation precedent, you can make arguments on the edge cases -- that's what tax law professionals do when they're not busy organizing customer records -- but trying to argue that tax law is wrong because it imposes a silly situation on a taxpayer is a pretty poor strategy unless you also have a reasonable interpretation of the laws that results in a more reasonable outcome.
In general, I believe it's not necessary to use the moment of a fork to value forked coins, as long as you use a reasonable, consistent method for valuation. You might well have a decent point that coins you didn't expect were given to you suddenly, and you value them at zero at the moment of the fork, but given the existence of a futures market for BCH and at least one other fork before the forking block, an informed auditor may well reasonably push back.
The chances of you getting an informed auditor (unless you have millions of USD in crypto and get special attention) is probably around zero, but they're trained to look for red flags like "gifted assets valued at zero" so challenging your personal interpretation might be one of the first details they focus on.
As for the ultra high valuation problem, I would expect a tax expert to come up with a reasonable and consistent method of valuation (i.e. using the median average of the daily high and low values over the first week of trading). I'm hardly confident that that particular idea would be acceptable (I'm no tax expert!) But the valuation of illiquid, newly traded assets has absolutely been dealt with in the past.
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:22:59
Ah yes, wallets will absolutely need to be aware of time locking and avoid approving two identical transactions to avoid problems. Most transactions could reasonably be considered dead after a couple minutes, but because the time lock uses the Bitcoin blockchain, it would be difficult to construct a reasonable time lock shorter than an hour or two. Since no wallets exist in a remotely finished form, the interface hasn't been nailed down anywhere that I've seen, although the expiration of time locks is a significant part of LN development.
In practice, who would agree to connect with an attacking node? Most users won't be interested in a connection with a random, unknown node. Some major hubs might well take all incoming connections up to a certain funding level, but without any trust established, they're likely to close any channels that start but refuse to complete transactions.
Certainly a bunch of attacking nodes can make a side network by connecting with each other, but the same problem remains. Who is going to connect to nodes that keep locking their funds in partially completed transactions?
It absolutely might take months to fully mitigate these kinds of attacks (perhaps as many as 18), but if LN software simply forces unknown (i.e. untrusted) nodes to pay for both opening and closing the channel up front, and then forces the channel closed as soon as there is an incomplete transaction, attackers will never be able to exploit a route between any two nodes twice.
Further, since the attacker cannot route more than their channel currently permits, and an untrusted node is likely to have channels funded with no more than they lock into the channel (and very likely less), the attacker will also have to lock more of their funds for the same period AND likely be dropped by both connected nodes, requiring them to pay transaction fees to attack again.
If attacks are very rare, I'd expect to see more nodes offer incentives (like paying transaction fees) for people to connect to them so they can route more transactions, collecting more tiny fees. If attacks are very common, I'd expect more nodes to require additional authentication, like an exchange might only connect to customers and trusted businesses and very few to offer to cover any on chain fees at all for unknown channels.
This is not part of the lightning channel specification, it's just how I would expect wallets and non malicious nodes to handle a problem of attackers time locking transactions intentionally, if such a problem develops.
@_date: 2018-02-26 17:56:26
Yeah, claiming to be Satoshi, and then getting real quiet when people ask for proof isn't "seeking anonymity".
Craig still speaks publicly and certainly has never retracted his claim.
You don't somehow have a right to be anonymous after claiming to be the creator of Bitcoin to multiple press outlets and in multiple places online.
If Craig wants anonymity, he's welcome to post and contribute to open source projects under an anonymous handle, just like the rest of us. As long as he's using his name and reputation to continue to work on the project he claimed to start, there's simply no anonymity at all, certainly nothing that we could all respect by collectively agreeing to stop mentioning that he claimed to be satoshi and never retracted the claim. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:04:36
On being reminded that it requires a checksum, yes it's pretty involved.
I'd suggest most people use this site if they really have doubts about a hardware wallets key generation.
Obviously run it offline if you have concerns about leaking your seeds.
@_date: 2018-02-15 04:47:42
Indeed, no lower than 8% by law, but in reality around 14% these days.
But note that it's assets (loans) counted against their capital are risk weighted, so this is calculated after the expected default rate, which even in the default spike of the latest recession never posed much trouble for banks who did have to limit new loans, but only dipped to 12% or so capital ratios.
We could absolutely have the Federal reserve simple print all this money and raise capital requirements, but there would be that much less lending available to fuel the economy, slowing business development and capital intensive projects. At the same time, removing capital from the economy to fight inflation would be far more difficult, requiring burning cash rather than simply raising the overnight lending rates slightly to encourage banks to hold more cash so they don't have to borrow quite as much as the higher rates.
@_date: 2018-03-14 22:15:50
I'm just explaining what they (balkanmasturbator) said, source is right up there!
@_date: 2019-01-20 22:59:11
Absolutely. You don't get destruction of worthless corporations (or coins) without blood in the streets. That requires total capitulation -- fear that it's all worthless and holders might as well sell to save whatever they have left.
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:07:40
It doesn't matter if the receiver cooperates, the transaction cannot later be completed without the sender's final signature. In short, if you decide to cancel the payment and start again, you can be certain that the payment will time out.
It is also possible to borrow those same funds with a separate, multisig, timelocked transaction involving a third party that agrees to lock their funds for the timeout period instead of yours, but you're quite right that the lightning network is unsuitable for transmission of large amounts that cannot be held for the duration of the desired time lock.
In practice, nobody is going to agree to route payments to or from a node that is routinely timing out. Frankly, I would expect most nodes to simply close their channels with an offending node that transmitted a transaction forward, but blocked it coming back with signatures! I'd expect strong priority to be given to reliable nodes, but the details certainly depend on the frequency and severity of attacks, and it's similarly possible to impose a fee on a node that times out if a monetary incentive becomes necessary (i.e. if routing over reliable nodes and dropping unreliable nodes except as an end point is insufficient).
Heck, exchanges and wallets could use a portion of this timeout fee to borrow the money automatically, and keep the time lock truly invisible for the average user!
In reality, transactions through my exchange to other large entities will have almost no risk because I already trust these entities with my personal information (for KYC) and a small portion of my money. In the rare case that my $20 Amazon purchase gets that money locked for 2 days, I don't even have to trust anybody, I can just cancel the transaction and try again, receiving my money at the end of the time lock.
I get that you don't think ANY time lock is an acceptable compromise for an instant, highly scalable network that only requires trust in the avoidance of the time lock. That's absolutely fair, but given that an attacker will be required to pay at least 4 on chain transaction fees per attack (opening 2 channels to try to intercept and delay someone else's transactions before having them both immediately closed, or automatically ignored for the purposes of routing, then closed by the attacker) it's not going to be a rampant problem.
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:47:05
I certainly won't put a lot of money in early wallets!
Centralization is largely overblown in my opinion. The threat of centralization is not in a non flat network where a few nodes are trusted by many, but in a monopsony where nobody has a choice except to connect to a few tightly controlled nodes.
The lightning network is designed in such a way that in order to access a major node I want to access, I don't need to connect to it directly (if, for example, an exchange doesn't allow non customers to connect). I can simply find another user who is connected to the exchange, and connect to them.
Alternately, I can build an exchange-free map of a side network, and route my transactions entirely around exchanges.
Both these methods are likely to be more expensive than simply connecting to an exchange or two, but they ensure that no exchange or group of exchanges can block traffic that has an economic interest sufficient to make connections and set up routes.
Yes, when my exchange fails, I will lose access to the funds on my exchange. If the FBI seizes their servers, I will have to wait for the channel to time out before accessing the money on my channel. Routing maps will take longer to build, and of course in the ensuing panic, traffic will spike, making it harder to make transactions.
But that's all happened on chain in the past. Exchanges routinely have trouble with massive traffic spikes, and sometimes exchanges go down hard.
It sucks when that happens, but anybody who wants more robust LN availability has the option to open more than one channel. It'll be slightly more expensive, but maybe if funds move through your node, the additional connections could pay for themselves over time.
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:48:04
You remove outliers when they don't represent the bulk of the data, and you really want to characterize the bulk of the data. For example, in manufacturing, you can take out the hour when the disgruntled employee intentionally made bad product.
But with Tether, when tether explicitly claims to generate tethers in response to demand, and demand is significantly coordinated with sudden price movements, removing the large spikes in generation that are likely to correlate with demand, and thus correlate with sudden price movements, skews the data.
You can't remove data correlated with large price movements and then try to draw conclusions about overall correlation with price movements.
Basically, they're showing "when demand for tether is low, it doesn't correlate strongly with bitcoin price."
That's an interesting conclusion, but it doesn't remotely demonstrate that, "tether printing doesn't correlate with bitcoin price"
@_date: 2018-02-08 21:53:58
It's reasonable to complain about customer service at coinbase and their CEOs position that customers don't want segwit to be implemented they also have very high fees.
At the same time, the biggest reason they have customer service trouble is because they've added a ridiculous number of customers. As each cryptocurrency startup gets bigger, they face the same challenges of expanding to support 100x the customers within a matter of months.
It's your money and your choice. Personally, I choose Gemini and I am pretty wary of new services.
Being well established doesn't really eliminate the risk of being hacked, but being new doesn't help! Low fees and great customer service also tend to disappear as a startup grows and goes from acquiring customers to trying to profit from customers.
My answer isn't "no, trust coinbase." But coinbase has a really remarkable track record.
In the end, keep most of your money secured by your own private keys, and carefully weigh the track record of a company against the customer service and introductory rates you can get at new companies.
@_date: 2017-09-02 00:01:22
The transaction fees will slowly replace the block rewards.
@_date: 2018-02-04 17:54:57
Fire up your bitcoin client, and if it's a full node, configure a connection to your preferred Miner's node. If it's an spv wallet, similarly configure a connection to your preferred node.
In both cases, you'll be transmitting directly to your preferred miner.
Of course that miner will forward the transaction on to other miners. That's absolutely necessary, as the important thin block protocol that speeds up transactions between pools to avoid orphaned blocks in small pools works by referencing previously transmitted transactions. But you give your preferred miner a few seconds of exclusivity in mining your transaction before it propagates.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:51:03
Why wouldn't they be able to take your stocks and bonds away? Why not your Bitcoins?
In all cases, the bank doesn't just show up at your house. If you refuse to cooperate, they go to a court and the court compels you to liquidate your assets.
If you refuse, i.e. refuse to sell your Bitcoins, you can be held in contempt of court and jailed.
In any case, you lose your assets to pay your debts. Whether gold, stocks or cryptocurrency, you are required to sell it.
Of course hiding cryptocurrency may be easier than hiding stocks, but it might not be depending on how you transferred the money from the loan to someone who sold you cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2018-03-14 23:08:47
The guy you responded to did make that claim in his comment right up there!
I assume you just responded through your inbox and forgot what you originally responded to, so no worries. I get caught by that myself sometimes.
@_date: 2018-02-04 17:46:54
Thanks for clarifying!
@_date: 2017-09-25 20:16:35
Oh right. Coinbase sucks. Try Gemini.
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:58:54
Why do people put those three words together? "Dollar cost averaging" is a word salad that could easily be expressed with "cost averaging" or just "buy over time."
Is it just financial gurus looking for jargon to make their simple concepts sound profound?
I'm not saying that's why you personally use it that way as a financial guru on talk shows, it's well established jargon, but I don't understand why it hasn't died by now!
@_date: 2017-09-06 02:52:00
They will at some point. A few dozen or hundred actors will go out and validate a snapshot of the blockchain a year or so before present, and then they'll all sign the snapshot with their private keys. Then anybody who trusts even one of them can accept the snapshot as good, while anybody who doesn't trust can still download and validate every block before signing the snapshot themselves and trusting it from that point on. Eventually, the early blockchain will become obsolete as 99% of people using bitcoin would trust the snapshot they signed earlier, and it'll get validated less and less until it became a valuable curiosity in the library of Congress and in data centers run by paranoid admins.
I figure it'd have to be well over a terabyte first though -- big enough to make it painful for MOST users to download even once -- maybe over 10tb by the time it's actually necessary (given how fast download speeds increase and storage costs decrease).
Just my wild guess, but it's mine and I like it.
@_date: 2017-09-20 19:43:03
Yeah, I definitely see that future, but it'll only come to pass if decentralized cryptocurrencies become mainstream first.
There are various pruning methods that could take a snapshot of the blockchain and allow us to rebuild from a point after my ancient cup of coffee is purchased. There are digital signatures available that will allow anybody who cares to, to validate the snapshot once and then trust it forever.
We could even split into multiple chains with atomic swaps -- some for cash purchases, some for home purchases etc...
But none of these are current problems. The current problem is we need a critical and growing mass of legal economic transactions that regulators and banks can't kill (regulators by making exchanges illegal, banks by opening up near free and instant inter bank transfers for small amounts).
But yeah, I hope that segwit is enough for this year and that on chain scaling through a hard fork isn't as anathema to core as some out of context quotes sometimes make it seem.
@_date: 2017-09-20 03:36:49
Most things don't have a registered title. People buy gold bars and diamond rings for cash all the time without a title transfer, and all of those things are easily stolen from a home.
Pawnbrokers are required to keep these kinds of valuable items for a couple weeks, and if the police come by looking for it, the pawnbroker loses the item and whatever they paid for it even if they purchased it in good faith.
@_date: 2017-09-23 13:53:29
Sure each exchange can add complication, but the tax man isn't totally unreasonable. If you have a justification for your valuations, it'll probably be accepted.
In cryptocurrency, there are helpful exchanges that keep the record of all prices in different denominations. Just use a consistent valuation procedure (same exchange each time etc.) and it'll be easy.
@_date: 2017-09-25 13:41:01
Shoot, if it's just a percentage like most exchanges are, there is zero additional cost to the customer to buy 0.05 BTC 20 times vs. 1 BTC in one transaction (neglecting the possibly up to 20 rounding error).
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:39:40
Blessed be!
@_date: 2018-02-14 00:53:35
How does that demonstrate it's not a mistake? Clearly delineating internally with the moniker "core" seems like good practice just like avoiding using it publicly.
I certainly wouldn't want to try to run an exchange focused on Bitcoin cash and Bitcoin without some steps taken to distinguish VERY clearly between the two similar names in internal discussions.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:44:28
That is about on par with fees, but I went to search the Google and I couldn't find an article making the same claim. Certainly they often say it has 20% higher hashes per watt, but that's because the hashes are faster since they only have to recalculate one of the two hashed blobs in boosted calculations, not because the ASICs are run at lower power consumption.
My understanding is that they actually do check hashes 20% faster, they simply skip rehashing one of two operations (which in turn makes them find empty blocks more often than any other pool -- something they claim is simply due to incompetently buggy pool software).
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:12:52
Mainly, they buy it from other companies who get your info. You give your social security number, driver's license number, addresses etc, to banks when you apply for an account. You give it to credit card companies, who pay Equifax to check all the other banks and credit card company records (again, sold to Equifax by all parties) for black marks that suggest you might be less profitable than other people.
Equifax also collects publicly available information, which fills out your profile so they know way more about you than just the bank balances and any reported late payments.
Equifax exists to serve the banks. They don't care about us. Note that no corporate customer data was compromised -- they wouldn't risk the data off their customers! But locking down the data of ordinary citizens, the data banks pay for, would cut into profits since they make their money selling that data to anyone who can pay! 
This is what we get for failing to pass ANY data privacy laws beyond the health care industry or covering decades old technology (wiretapping laws don't apply to radio based cell phones, for example).
@_date: 2018-02-19 21:25:24
In what jurisdiction capital controls regulated under bankruptcy law?
@_date: 2017-09-17 00:30:39
That's true, but it's not unique to his oligarchy -- even true dictators have to please the public. He's not at risk of being voted out of office (when he can murder anybody who comes close), but with the Russian economy sliding ever lower as their one export, oil/gas remains cheap, he's been essentially forced to do crap like annex Crimea from Ukraine to look strong to Russian citizens.
Putin also has no exit strategy. He can never step down from power without being assassinated by the next leader who is looking to consolidate their power without being pushed around by an entire government designed to cater to Putin's style, personality and KGB background.
I'm not a fan of Putin, but I can't see any future where he's replaced without total implosion of the Russian government and the oligarchs who stole state owned businesses and resources with Putin's help.
@_date: 2017-09-13 16:01:37
Are you... Serious?
Yes, you're absolutely right they'd fill up again and pretty fast too.
But lightning network is supposed to take over a year (who knows how long to make it really useful), and after a month segwit is at 2%.
Ideally we would have implemented segwit months ago with lots of headroom like core wanted. But miners delayed until full blocks forced the issue. Fine, that sucks, but core could have prepared by getting a block size increase ready to give us headroom again once segwit was activated.
I know they are super opposed to any block size increase, but I worry that they may be putting the cart before the horse -- standing firm at this arbitrary spot more because those opposed to segwit were strongly for a block size increase INSTEAD of segwit, rather than because this is an optimal limit at this point in bitcoin development.
Frankly, many use cases have been built around low fees and they're getting squashed. That might be fine if the goal is higher fees for some reason, but wouldn't it be vastly better for bitcoin if we had a second layer in place, ready to take over small transactions with low fees BEFORE forcing the issue and destroying any progress toward use cases that require low fees?
I'm very explicitly not anti core and I don't assume they're trying to kill bitcoin. I just wonder if they've made a mistake (although if lightning network pops up before the mempool fills permanently -- likely helped by the segwit capacity increase -- we might well squeak by).
@_date: 2018-02-15 00:23:28
They take on a significant risk of default, and are absolutely required to keep a significant fraction of their debts on hand as liquid assets. That means that while they can just continue lending money if some debtors default, if too many debtors default, they will be forced by federal regulation to reduce future lending until their assets reach the mandatory ratio.
You're not wrong that fractional reserve lending (backed largely by federal insurance) is a significant, and largely misunderstood, or simply ignored part of modern economics. It's not true though that banks aren't liable for the money they lend, or that they can lend money infinitely without proportionately increasing their assets as well to cover massive increases in defaults.
@_date: 2017-09-22 15:44:27
Interestingly, if everybody except you leaves the blockchain, your profitability is unaffected (at least directly) until the next difficulty adjustment. The variability in your earnings will skyrocket, but if you earned about 1btc per week or month before, you'll earn 1btc per week or month after the exodus and until the next difficulty adjustment.
You could incur opportunity costs as your equipment could earn more on a separate chain, but your average BTC earnings won't be affected.
Unfortunately, if 80% leaves, the block time increases 5x, so there are huge consequences for users. These consequences could reduce BTC value and make mining unprofitable in fiat (which is still what matters).
@_date: 2017-09-19 23:52:35
Well right now they're getting less than 100 BTC in fees per day, so about .7 BTC per block. In contrast, if they can speed up their mining by the 20% gained by asicboost, they add about 20% to their earnings, or 2.5 BTC per 12.5 BTC block.
In short, since fees are less than 20% of the coinbase reward, asicboost is profitable unless the mempool gets overloaded like it did in July.
At some point, if jihan keeps using asicboost even after most transactions go to segwit, it'll be even more obvious as even the antpool blocks with transactions will only include non segwit transactions (those that can't be used as the initial state for an asicboost calculation of the second hash).
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:24:54
Looks like it, but it's not.
I love how bad it looks. I don't like credit bureaus, and I'd opt out of them entirely if I could, but it's hard to buy OR rent etc...
That said, because of issues with insider trading, top executives can't just sell their shares whenever they want. They generally request sales months in advance that get reviewed by lawyers for compliance with insider trading laws and often get pushed back whenever something material is pending public disclosure.
This is just ridiculously sloppy for insider trading. Real insider trading would be telling the CFO's brother to have his friend's broker sell Equifax in exchange for tips down the line. It's far enough separated that the SEC can't prosecute without actual confessions.
I mean, the SEC has to investigate, and should throw the book at them if they can make it stick, but this is awfully sloppy insider trading that could legitimately be just bad/good timing.
Either way, those executives had better pay back those gains -- probably to charity!
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:57:09
I'll take it!
@_date: 2018-02-14 12:20:59
Of course not. They explained that a marketing employee (likely a contractor) made a mistake.
It's absolutely possible that they're lying. Then again, why reverse the new wording immediately if they're not?
@_date: 2017-09-01 20:27:57
Did you see the recent comment (by Peter Schiff if I remember correctly) that one of his customers liquidated their 401k to buy crypto? When these people lose 20% if their savings, they'll panic and take any price they can to save as much as they can. That'll drive prices sharply down, giving even more people losses that causes them to panic too.
When you have huge gains week after week, prices get ahead of demand, and the resulting crash is always worse than seems necessary for the same psychological reasons.
@_date: 2017-09-11 00:13:00
You will start transmitting one transaction to the bitcoin network, and then mine a separate transaction involving the same coins to screw a coffee shop out of a latte?
I mean, sure you could, but the difficulty of zero conf double spends is high enough that it doesn't happen much if at all. You'd essentially need 51% of the hash power just to include the transaction you want before someone else mines your original transaction.
Incidentally, this risk is why anyone dealing with large amounts requires multiple confirmations, vastly increasing the cost of any attack that might affect the coins involved.
@_date: 2017-10-27 20:14:10
I don't know, is blockchain size really a barrier to entry when SPV wallets exist?
Absolutely, blockchain size is an issue for centralization. And speaking of hardware, merchants will always have an interest in running a full node (or more likely, having their payment processor run a full node since most merchants would prefer to pay a payment processor to do everything right and securely) to avoid even the possibility of double spend fraud, but that's a pretty limited edge case.
Spending Bitcoin isn't remotely as vulnerable to 51% attacks, as if you somehow get isolated on a compromised set of nodes lying to your spv wallet anything you do will be reversed as soon as you connect to the main net.
In short, I have a really hard time buying any arguments against chain bloat based solely on hard drive cost. SPV wallets are simply more secure than any payment system merchants use today (including cash which is regularly counterfeit).
Now if you get into how long it'd take for a merchant to download and rebuild the blockchain on an average computer and broadband connection (3 days?) I think you'd have a stronger argument based on chain size. Someone might mention the need for a backup, someone else might mention that backing up a TB isn't exactly trivial etc... But at least it would involve a security scenario that isn't already eliminated for consumers.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:12:44
What I said is true, but it doesn't have the result you think. While many merchants will continue to blacklist some addresses, obviously it will not be practical to refuse payment from every address ever touched by coins known to be obtained illegally.
Eventually, I'm sure there will be a criminal case in one or more jurisdictions where the state tries to recover bitcoins from a person who sold something for tainted Bitcoins. I wouldn't even be surprised if it won in some jurisdiction, sending Bitcoin into panic for a year or two.
But ultimately, nobody claws back every cash bill that was ever used in a crime. Sure, they're serialized and those from Bank robberies do get tracked, so maybe that will be attempted in this ledger that is so easy to track. However, it's even more complicated because each transaction can have multiple inputs and multiple outputs, making it unclear where each specific coin actually went ( unlike a serialized bill that is unique).
Anyway, this is a good reason that I am so fond of Monero, because the private transactions can't have this problem.
@_date: 2017-09-01 04:10:56
Sure. I figured it would drop a couple months ago and I'm slowly pulling money out of speculative crypto.
That doesn't mean we won't hit $10,000 though. First, the market can stay irrational longer than I can stay solvent, and second, the actual peak depends more on psychology and the actual number of dollars flowing into and out of crypto than my personal feelings that it's overheated.
Remember too that crypto crashes can be nasty. The race to the exit will delay transfers to exchanges for weeks (given bitcoins throughput limit). Any exchanges that ever had unnoticed or unreported losses will suddenly go bankrupt when they can't pay back customers. Banks will close Fiat accounts that receive too much money from crypto related accounts as part of their anti money laundering investigations.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't hodl. Just if you plan to make a quick exit when the time is right, seriously don't wait until the crash is well under way (and for the love of God, if you try to transfer bitcoin because you're spooked about a crash, make sure to overpay on any transfer fees).
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:25:53
Click over to transactions. It's just a different tab than he linked. (Or the page defaults to a different tab than he was looking at).
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:56:43
And routinely failing to validate any blocks while reducing the profitability of miners he sells that DO validate transactions.
This should have been fixed years ago.
@_date: 2018-02-15 00:38:00
What a lazy article!
I am not a fan of Bitmain, but all this article says is, "some anonymous people online say Bitmain didn't deliver a product as advertised."
Compile some statistics or something before just reporting that "some people complain about products online, news at 9."
@_date: 2017-09-16 21:50:15
You forgot opium, Jasmine flowers and Avatar in 2D (although 3D is still allowed because reasons).
@_date: 2018-02-21 01:07:59
Then they're illegally defrauding customers?
This isn't really unprecedented. Gold deposits are fully insured all the time. Storage in an approved, audited facility is generally a term of the insurance.
With truly cold wallets (unlike whatever shit nicehash was calling "cold wallets") no one employee should ever be able to steal more than a portion of their funds, and even a group of high level employees shouldn't be able to steal it all.
It all depends on their audited security procedures. For example, I could imagine an insurance auditor participating in the generation and deposit of multisig cold wallets, with the private keys being deposited in hard copy at separate secure storage facilities, where they cannot be released without notification and approval of a group of people etc...
I personally have zero knowledge of how Coinbase cold wallets are secured, but insurance companies specializing in digital and physical assets are very well established, even if you don't normally interact with them as a consumer with no high value assets worth securing and insuring beyond a homeowner's insurance rider.
@_date: 2018-02-23 18:59:47
Witaj mj przyjacielu!
(That's all I picked up from my Polish friend before he retired).
@_date: 2017-09-20 01:20:10
Holy crap those ads are cancer!
@_date: 2017-09-10 23:10:42
debate over relatively minor technical details that are complicated by long term philosophical positions on the future of bitcoin along with millions of dollars on the line.
It came to a head this summer because we hit the block size limit on the number of transactions per block if nothing is done.
It really matters, but it's so complicated by technical, philosophical and economic issues.
Google "Bitcoin block size debate" if you want to get into it. Remember that both sides have people with strong emotional, almost religious positions, so especially when they describe the opposing camp, they're not always fair or remotely accurate.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:23:21
That's sort of accurate. Yes, to process transactions on the lightning network, you have to be online. But most Bitcoin transactions are already run by always on servers, at exchanges, mining pools, payment processors, merchants etc.
Most consumers don't send or receive many (if any) transactions they didn't initiate, and if they do, those can be routed on the main blockchain.
Every time you purchase something online, both you and the merchant are online at the same time. Every time you send to or from an exchange, both you and the exchange are online at the same time.
Payments from mining pools are tougher. I'd expect them to continue to allow on chain payments for the same fees as today while allowing lightning network withdrawals to be either automatic to an always online exchange or wallet, or queued up for manual initiation when the recipient is online and ready.
The more complicated the scenario, the less likely it will move to the lightning network, but again, most payments are between two online computers today, even if consumer nodes are likely to drop offline regularly.
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:13:06
There's no obvious way yet. Just have your coins in a secure wallet, and if it becomes an issue, various wallets will implement solutions involving a different ticker symbol for one or the other chain.
Mainly, consider limiting your payments to third parties around the fork (if any) in November until you understand the implications. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 08:41:03
It seems absurd to me to claim that a daily mempool backlog is not controversial. That there is no controversy in bitcoin period.
If coinbase isn't supposed to decide which chain gets what monicker, who do you propose makes the decision? I agree, coinbase shouldn't back the 2x fork, but In other markets, businesses register with an exchange to be traded under a symbol. Without registration, who do you think decided to call it BTC within coinbase in the first place?
Are you suggesting instead that BTC must be assigned worldwide to whatever chain the owner of the core repo says?
Who makes and enforces these rules? When will they start writing them down?
I'm not attacking open source development and bitcoin. I'm pointing out that open source development leads to some grey areas that have never been addressed by other open source projects. There has never before been an open source digital currency successful enough to warrant worldwide trading. There has never before been a contentious hard fork of a worldwide digital currency.
It is appropriate to work on policies that will resolve short term naming disputes in the inevitable contentious fork where the past developers end up on the minority fork. 
What procedure would you suggest?
@_date: 2017-09-15 13:25:48
How did you buy your bitcoins, and how much money did you move out of China?
I bought mine on a regulated exchange, but I think I missed a step because i totally forgot to move any money out of China! 
/s  
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:53:19
Are you just making that up? Antpool doesn't have a multi hundred sat/block fee limit as shown by their full blocks in the same screenshot. However, they have a really remarkable number of empty blocks mined compared to any other farm.
Isn't that a sign of ongoing asicboost operation -- empty blocks that cannot include segwit transactions, and fail to validate any transactions, just grabbing the fees?
@_date: 2017-09-13 14:02:47
It would immediately double the block capacity, giving segwit and lightning network a year or two to develop fully, and stop limiting new bitcoin use cases where fear of mempool congestion and slow confirmations might tip the scales for one application or another.
I think core developers are overestimating the risk of a hard fork and underestimating the risk of pushing users to other cryptocurrencies. 
Then again, it's far too late to just slap together a 2x hard fork with proper testing (even if they were remotely interested in working on it) so I just hope they're right that congestion at every traffic spike until there are a meaningful percentage of segwit transactions won't slow adoption too much.
@_date: 2017-10-22 06:04:25
A curve shaped like an s.
We're all really hoping it's not an n curve
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:41:39
Are you American? You sound American.
@_date: 2017-09-13 13:33:38
If the only change you've noticed is that your newspaper shows up on a screen now, I'm honestly a bit confused about how you think cheap, instant, asynchronous communication with people all over the planet worked before the internet!
@_date: 2018-02-21 03:48:53
It's absolutely possible to have cold wallets that are immune to any hack. They simply rely on mulitsig wallets that were generated offline on a machine that never touches the internet.
It's not hard to be immune to hackers (with a cold wallet). It's just inconvenient.
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:30:00
Oh I see! Yeah of course, although if you sent it to businesses with active wallets, I'd expect them to combine it with other coins before they realized what had happened.
Either way it's not a big deal. The first legal cases will be fascinating, and just like any regulatory risk, governments can kill Bitcoin any number of ways including by forcing any blacklisted coins that touch their country to be surrendered (something almost impossible to enforce that they'd love to TRY to enforce).
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:50:50
When I wrote LN, I meant lightning network -- providing an option for offchain transactions when the 1.7MB blocks get congested. 
I'm not suggesting that Bitcoin is ready to replace visa (although I'd like to see it try).
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:49:30
Wouldn't we just switch PoW algorithms if a large nation seized the hashing power and production if miners?
That's a bit of a nuclear option in terms of forcing Bitcoin to rebuild mining security from scratch, but I'll not sure I see another option if we are certain that a national government (any government) has seized miners on a massive scale.
But yeah, I don't think that's likely -- more likely they intend to squeeze the miners along with the exchanges to allow China to continue to profit from crypto while stemming the flow of local assets out of the country.
@_date: 2017-09-26 20:58:58
The chrome wallet is fully open source. Further, the ledger cryptographic output is deterministic, so you can validate the behavior of the device matches the specification.
They acknowledge that you can't verify that the seeds are randomly chosen, and they suggest publicly that if you have any concerns, you simply generate your seed offline (i.e. with dice) and import it.
Their decision to use a secure element chip that is only available under NDA is absolutely controversial, and I'm glad I have a choice between a closed source, deterministic device with state of the art security hardware available only under NDA (as is common practice in modern chip design), and an open source device!
I tend to trust the ledger more, but I've got some professional experience working with chips under their bullshit NDAs, so maybe I'm more comfortable with the idea than I should be.
@_date: 2017-09-10 18:30:13
Only if the economic and mining majority support theft of all coins in segwit addresses.
It is true, you can't simply roll back segwit without causing problems. At the same time, it would be simple to fork with a set of segwit rules allowed for transactions between segwit activation and the hypothetical deactivation. Alternately, since anyone can spend has never been used as such, I suspect you could soft fork a rule to prohibit use of anyone can spend without including the witness data (effectively prohibiting use altogether).
Either way, there's no reason you can't encode different rules for different groups of blocks, so rolling back segwit would probably do this -- allowing different rules for this subset, and then going back to the original ruleset for blocks after deactivation. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 15:20:43
I wonder where they got that idea.
@_date: 2017-10-09 10:50:06
You send a couple Satoshi's to a specific address and everybody agrees not to replay that transaction on the 2x chain.
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:31:52
1.7MB average in normal usage. I hope that's enough to get us to widespread LN use!
@_date: 2017-09-22 16:01:37
That might be true.
To be fair, USD is indeed backed by the economy of the USA. If everybody else stopped taking USD, you'll still be able to pay your taxes with it, so there are trillions of dollars of guaranteed acceptance each year.
It's absolutely reasonable to distrust government management of a currency but as long as government compels and demands payment in one currency, that currency will have utility by definition.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:12:34
Not with asymmetric encryption. You generate the transaction which the second party combines with the encrypted public keys from each hop, and signs. Then each hop between you and the second party (third party notes) provably sign the transaction with all their private keys. If any node tries to change the route or amount, the second party's signature no longer validates the message.
When it gets back to you, the change in state has been provably authorized by each step in the chain, and only requires your final signature to execute.
Because you can prove that each node (or someone controlling their private keys, which amounts to the same thing) signed the transaction, there's no possibility of a man in the middle attack distorting the messages.
The key here is that the second party's public keys never have to go across the third party nodes. You will get the keys, usually at a checkout page or from a vendor's app in person. Because this allows you to validate out of band, the validity of the public keys you're sending to, the two general problem doesn't apply here.
If you can't get a vendor's public keys anywhere other than the lightning network... How did the two of you communicate what was being purchased and what the price would be?
@_date: 2017-10-27 20:16:08
Well played, I actually snorted.
@_date: 2017-09-12 19:48:51
When Chinese leaders all own more Bitcoin to Yuan.
@_date: 2017-09-20 00:33:24
That's a very strong statement! I'd certainly agree that it's unethical to seize property from someone who was not knowingly involved in a crime.
At the same time, I'm not unsympathetic to the victims of thieves who want to get their property BACK.
There is a fuzzy grey line between catching someone holding stacks of consecutive hundred dollar bills that were stolen last week, even if he claims someone bought his heirloom antique fishing pole with it (pretty obviously complicit) and simply confiscating every $5 bill that was ever stolen in a mugging the next time it hits a bank (taking it from the new owner, 5 payments removed from the mugger to give to the victim).
The point here is that law needs to take the new properties of cryptocurrencies into account, and that almost certainly won't happen until it gets litigated and we see how courts interpret current law. It doesn't help your case that the law rarely considers cryptocurrency to be actual currency.
Either way, Monero removes the issue entirely by removing the ability, and thus the temptation, to track coins and compel new owners to turn them.
@_date: 2018-02-21 15:47:02
You didn't. But neither did Coinbase. Their transaction processing service company screwed up and is working on fixing the problem.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:55:38
The transaction cannot become stuck and then unstuck because a series of time locks prevent any intermediate node from sending a valid transaction outside of their time window.
Either the transaction is fully completed within the time lock, or it is invalid. Further, the sender has the final say over whether or not the transaction is valid (the final signature), and the transactions pulling funds from the sender are contingent on first authorizing the sending of funds to the next node.
It is absolutely possible for an attacker to simply refuse to sign a transaction, forcing the funds to be locked for the few day time lock period. They cannot, however, restart the transaction at a time of their choosing, even within the time lock period without cooperation from the sender (who must supply the final signature).
I could go on, but at this point, I'm just poorly summarizing the white paper found here.
Again, yes the two general problem is not solvable. But again, it assumes that there is no alternate path between sender and receiver. In reality, there is always an alternate path -- usually the checkout page where you got the address to send money to from a vendor or exchange.
With this alternate information path, the two generals problem is not relevant, and certainly doesn't represent a problem as this P2P information channel is never routed through the lightning network.
It is only needed for receiver to give their public key to the sender to make the 2 general problem irrelevant, because from that point on, the sender can always be certain that the transaction is valid by checking to see that all the intermediate steps, signed by the receiver, are unchanged.
@_date: 2017-09-10 23:34:02
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:09:30
Sure, you can brute Force it pretty easily, although calculating the hash is straightforward too. 
Here's the first good code I found. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:03:29
It's easy to think about it backwards, but the truth is that the entire network can run on just a handful of CPUs, just like it did in the early days.
Higher hash rate is more secure because the higher it goes, the more money it would take for an attacker to buy enough miners to make up 51% of the total hash rate, but the system itself (aside from resistance to attack) runs just fine on far less computational power.
So if there is less money in fees being paid to miners, those with the highest energy costs will drop out, the difficulty will adjust to keep the block rate around 10 minutes per block, and it'll continue. Similarly, if the money in fees increases, more people will buy new mining equipment, the difficulty will increase, and block time will stay at around 10 minutes.
In short, hash power follows fees plus block reward, not the other way around. If bitcoin gets abandoned one day, there will probably be some college students with free dorm power keeping the blocks coming with old mining equipment.
@_date: 2017-10-07 00:20:50
And then you still have all your coins on the new active chain plus your old coins on the legacy chain when it gets an emergency proof of work fork and a difficulty adjustment.
I get why this is all a bad thing, but it's still not theft of any coins except in the edge case that a user wants to use both chains going forward, but doesn't split their coins safely and is victim to a replay attack.
@_date: 2017-10-26 09:54:43
Why do you claim 2x is my beloved? I feel like you're honestly talking to a straw man of me. I'm quite firmly opposed to 2x for all the reasons you have mentioned!
Wall Street doesn't change ticker symbols because they have a contract with a company to sell the company's stock under that ticker symbol. When a company is gutted in a hostile takeover by investors, the ticker symbol absolutely can change.
Coinbase has no such contract. Coinbase is solely responsible for determining when a symbol should follow a fork.
They've come up with a procedure that will simply and reliably keep the name with the majority fork by giving a new ticker to a contentious fork until and unless it becomes the clear majority chain in accumulated hash power, valuation and use in commerce.
In short, I believe their procedure will reliably keep the BTC name with the majority of traders, users, and yes, developers (and miners incidentally, since miners will follow the money). I believe their procedure will shrug off 2x without any trouble, and gives them a simple framework for sidelining future attempts to steal the bitcoin brand from the active developers.
They're using economics to filter out fake Bitcoin chains. To me, that seems very true to the core function of bitcoin and its ecosystem!
You apparently disagree that this is how open source works. Could you tell me how you would prefer they decide which chain is BTC? Who should they ask? If they need to poll a community of developers or users, how should they go about it?
@_date: 2018-02-14 12:40:43
It's an awkward distinction if you talk about one or the other all day long, as they likely do these days.
The problem is that after hearing "Bitcoin" your brain can no longer immediately start processing context like it used to. Instead, it has to wait for the next word, essentially waiting for the absence of cash. It's not a large amount of time, but it's legitimately frustrating for anybody forced to do it again and again.
They could call Bitcoin cash bcash, but that would piss off an even bigger base of current customers who need shapeshift to spend their Bitcoin cash.
From a branding perspective, it's absolutely appropriate to push back, and they fixed it immediately.
From a psychological perspective, Humans hate distinction through presence/absence in language, and probably always will.
@_date: 2017-10-25 06:00:51
You're forgetting about inflation. If the value of your asset increases faster than the management fees decrease your holding, it never actually goes to zero. If there's deflation instead, yeah there fund will eventually dissolve (although the silver you kept at home would lose value almost as fast).
Additionally, in most cases, the cost of buying a hundred thousand dollars in gold, then shipping and storing it securely, not to mention you then have an awfully illiquid asset in a fixed location, is way higher than paying a central group 0.5% to transport and store the asset. In essence, buying large value of physical assets has an ongoing cost (in security if nothing else) that will erode the value of your holding long term.
It's not a scam, it's a holding service priced as such.
Now there is no comparable storage advantage to a fund, but there are huge tax benefits to holding appreciating assets in tax advantaged accounts (where it can be difficult or impossible to hold bitcoin) so while I agree 2% is high for a fee there, done investors might gain far more than that 2% just in tax savings each  year, making it economical for them to continue paying the fee for the service.
@_date: 2017-10-19 11:21:09
On the second point, I've got to say that fake Satoshi is right. 0 conf transactions have always been WAY more secure than Visa transactions.
It's a super low bar.
@_date: 2017-09-20 12:01:44
Sure I understand how it works. If all wallets, exchanges and other bitcoin software colludes to ignore Bitcoins coming from certain addresses, yes it could be effective. Heck, if all miners ignore these addresses, they could be banned permanently.
But it only takes one miner to keep shifting the coins, constantly lengthening the list of transactions that need to be blacklisted until they slip past one service or by one cash exchange on local Bitcoins and manage to buy Fiat or cash.
Further, any transaction that includes multiple small inputs will taint the entire set of outputs if even one input is tainted.
It's true, a super focused effort by one centralized body could blacklist an ever growing list of transactions, but as long as some Bitcoin developers and users resisted centralized blacklisting, the coins would slowly taint more and more coins that were never used in criminal activity.
@_date: 2017-09-13 13:51:55
Well shit.
@_date: 2017-09-12 20:19:21
Shoot, my mortgage is a couple years of my annual income, and I don't even have the option to increase taxes (my income) whenever I want!
Also, I note that the US government gets a somewhat lower interest rate than I do. 
@_date: 2017-09-16 17:42:34
Nano s seems like better hardware and better security. Trezor is fully open source. Nano s uses a secure vault chip that they're under contract to keep closed source (although the rest is open).
I'm not too worried about the small difference in my perceived security because I just assume either is compromised if I'm ever aware that it leaves my control (i.e. gets stolen and returned or seized by police/border patrol and returned).
Both seem like great options.  
@_date: 2018-02-02 14:17:07
The term far predates cryptocurrency, usually discussing stocks and bonds that are only d sold in dollars, so while I agree that would make way more sense, I think you're retconning the term a bit.
It's a term you'll see all over slow and steady investing forums, coming from the books and videos conservative (low risk, not politically) financial gurus sell to make their own fortunes.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:02:48
What if my gut is confused? Like I agree that off chain scaling is needed, but I don't see value in the core ultimatums and refusing to immediately double the block size from here while we wait two weeks for lightning network to make progress.
And anyway I don't actually have to make a decision at all. I'll just split my coins like with BCH, and I'll go in making transactions on whatever chain is accepted by vendors I deal with. I'll probably try to sell my 2x coins for more BTC if there's a market for them (unless 90% of hash power does move to 2x, in which case I'd probably hold both until the dust settles).
What does my gut have to do with this kind of political power struggle that has very minimal effect on the function of bitcoin (doubling the block size or not)?
@_date: 2017-09-15 13:25:48
How did you buy your bitcoins, and how much money did you move out of China?
I bought mine on a regulated exchange, but I think I missed a step because i totally forgot to move any money out of China! 
/s  
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:05:07
Don't bring lattes into this! They might be overpriced and associated with high class foreigners, but damn they're tasty!
@_date: 2017-09-27 16:09:59
Are we now redefining "conflict of interest" to mean a person has minimal financial stake in a particular outcome?
Usually it means a person stands to significantly profit from the outcome, but you're suggesting we should ONLY listen to people with conflicts of interest...
Things are getting weird around here.
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:26:55
Why yes, fraud has indeed been occurring long before cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:53:25
Clever, but it's obviously because there's no dispute over the Bitcoin cash name. It's not like Bitcoin forks are all arranged in hash rate order and when the order changes, so the names reshuffle!
Sometimes I think people in crypto get too used to the idea that code is law and forget that businesses like exchanges can and do occasionally leave things intentionally vague so that while they can generally choose to make decisions about contentious forms based on accumulated hash power, they can get together and use common sense to make decisions if the main policy results in absurd outcomes like reordering all Bitcoin forks repeatedly or switching back and forth as miners chase profits back and forth.
@_date: 2017-10-09 09:45:44
Electronic media are horrible for long term storage. Basically we gave up on long term storage after tape drives because drive density keeps skyrocketing, so the cost of archiving data in actively managed, multi-site data centers approaches 0 really fast.
That sucks for your long term storage needs though!
I suggest going back to metal plates. You can buy scrap stainless steel plates on eBay for around $30. Then get a number and letter punch set for around $20.
You'll have enough plates to record a few dozen private keys or mnemonics. The stainless steel won't corrode much in your lifetime (unless you leave it exposed to ocean spray -- not recommended for flash drives by the way), and it'll be MUCH more likely to survive a fire than any fire safe (they use drywall to keep the temperature down for a few minutes, but not remotely long enough to be reliable if your house burns down).
Striking the keys is slow and a bit annoying, but it's something you only have to do every time you set up a cold storage wallet (I trust encrypted online backup with my smaller spending wallets).
@_date: 2017-10-26 20:42:21
"like a rock" -- curiously long running ad campaign for an auto manufacturer.
@_date: 2018-02-23 14:00:44
How stupid do they think Polish people are?!?
@_date: 2017-09-13 13:29:59
You think his daughter lives with him?
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:21:19
That's right, but it would be considered hobby income. You can deduct expenses against hobby income under misc itemized deductions, but only the amount above the first 2% of your AGI can be deducted.
You might find this link a bit clearer.
In short, you're paying ordinary income taxes on the income, but not the additional self employment taxes that come with a self employed income.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:18:30
That's a confusing discussion on my gastro-intestinal system!
I guess the question I should be asking is what decision am I being asked to make? As far as I can tell, both chains will exist in November, and one will likely be far more valuable than the other.
My gut says to follow my money.
@_date: 2018-02-15 00:15:21
It's obviously true. The biggest question is how much of a negative impact the spike will have on Bitcoin adoption.
Some people say that it's primarily transactions of low economic value that have left. Things like Satoshi dice and on chain tipping bots only work with near zero fees, but certainly other use cases for micropayments moved either to databases requiring trust or other blockchains.
Others say that it's way too early to start discriminating against things like crypto kitties, and all transactions add value to cryptocurrencies.
Either way, part of the drop is likely related to time of year, and part is undoubtedly related to a reduction in panic to move money as the price rose insanely fast and then dropped almost as fast, leaving fewer people trying to chase gains and then trying to limit losses.
Fast price movement could lead to another fee spike, but hopefully batching and segwit adoption will reduce the magnitude of future spikes.
Other contributing factors are increased batching, and an increase in the number of consolidation transactions exchanges do when prices are low, so there are fewer inputs and outputs per block on average. Some miners like BTC.com are also ignoring any transactions under 10 sat/byte, so average block size is dropping even though the mempool has never cleared since October or November.
I can't see any way to objectively measure the distribution of uses, although some blockchain analysis groups have made great estimates from before the spike, so while I have vague opinions, I'm far from certain of the data enough to draw my own firm conclusions.
In short, yes transactions into the mempool have slowed, especially those desperate to execute fast (competing and driving up fees).
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:58:16
That sounds fair, but I'd hate to try to argue that in an audit without official guidance (or at least a tax professional arguing it for me).
@_date: 2017-10-08 13:58:53
Did you misunderstand me? The shift card allows me to spend directly from my BTC balance held at coinbase. 
@_date: 2017-09-19 16:39:40
One group has written new bitcoin software with twice as much room for transactions. These bigger transactions will be invalid to the old software, so unless everybody switches over together, there will suddenly be two bitcoin chains that are compatible in almost every way except block size.
It's super unlikely that everybody will move at once because of politics. Both groups accuse the other of trying to destroy Bitcoin. I don't want to try to get into that, though, and while one or the other group might back down, there's a great chance both chain will exist with far more hashing power on one than the other.
When you make a transaction on one chain, that transaction will be fully valid on the second chain. That means that even though people won't be able to sign new transactions without your private key, they can retransmit or "replay" exactly the same transaction you post on one chain to the second chain and it'll go through.
That means if you pay your friend 1 Bitcoin on one chain, he can turn around and send himself the same 1 bitcoin on the second chain. If he's really your friend, he might even have the second one back.
The solution is to send your coins on one chain to a second address you control. Then send your coins on the second chain to a third address you control.
Now you've split your coins from one address to two addresses -- one that only has coins on chain 1 and the secondary that only has coins on chain 2.
The best advice is to wait. There's no risk of replay attack if you just hold without making a transaction, so if you wait until there's a clear one winning chain, you avoid the trouble. If both chains exist long term, there will be a dozen guides on how to split them safely.
Further, if you have strong feelings about 2x, you could simply ignore the chain you disagree with. This seems risky to me (if the other chain is valued higher in the end) without any reward, but it's an option.
@_date: 2017-10-25 05:34:12
That's why they hedge by saying they will LIKELY assign the BTC symbol to the chain with the highest total difficulty.
That seems like a good policy. I expect to see a clear winner within hours, and even if miners thrash all over the place, gaming the system, some just chasing profits, Gemini can choose the favored chain as BTC.
If there is no clear winner, Gemini will default to the highest cumulative hash power and let the markets sort it out for as long as they need.
I don't really see how else an exchange is supposed to determine the identity of a "real" chain when part of the community splits to a new chain and both chains are under decentralized governance (so there's no one person you can ask -- just the way we like it).
@_date: 2018-02-02 14:13:26
I am not a tax professional. So you're getting my memories of IRS memos and articles about them.
That said, sure, you can take the FMV of a new coin, but when the coin hasn't existed before the day you got it, it often isn't traded on many exchanges (if any) that could be used to establish a fair market value. The exchanges where it is traded will be full of opportunistic traders, some of whom are likely trying to manipulate the price of the coin, a task made vastly easier by the ridiculously low volume of coins that have so far made their way into the exchange.
It is therefore easy to argue that the first day of trading is not representative of fair market value. Further, for many forks, the first day of trading on an exchange doesn't happen until days or weeks after the fork.
Coming up with a consistent method for valuation that is both fair, and adheres to IRS guidelines and tax law probably isn't super hard, but I acknowledge that it's beyond my ability and knowledge.
My "solution" is to simply sell all forked coins as soon as possible. I suspect this method of valuation would be considered consistent and compliant, but even if it isn't, it generates the same amount of income whether part of it should be capital gains or not, and thus exposes me to very little risk of significantly understating my tax obligation.
I don't recommend anybody else follow my example, it's just how I've chosen to handle my taxes. Obviously, if I owned a large amount of cryptocurrency, I would hire a tax professional to give me further guidance, but for now I'll simply file an amended return if I ever have reason to believe my method is unacceptable.
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:13:20
Everybody can see where every Bitcoin has ever been. There are a growing number of services that are blacklisting coins that are sensitive to addresses through extortion or other illegal means. 
This isn't really a sustainable blacklist as the coins get spread out and laundered, but because it's a public ledger, any Bitcoin that has ever been in the same wallet as those stolen by the wanna cry malware may be considered more or less tainted now (depending on how far back a service is willing to blacklist illegally obtained Bitcoins).
As a thought experiment, what would happen if these criminals took their malware extortion payments and sent $0.50 to every bitcoin donation address they could scrape from the internet. For better effect, maybe send a random amount. Instantly they could taint hundreds of thousands of dollars of bitcoin, and quite possibly hundreds of millions as many of those addresses connect to places like bitpay, exchanges or mixing services.
Some day, the only clean bitcoins will be those held in cold storage since before 2016 or so, or newly mined coins.
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:13:45
Yes, once it's stable, with stability being determined by looking at economic factors.
They're saying that when hash power returns to following the economic profit incentive (so hash power accurately reflects relative price in the marketplace), they'll go with the most valuable chain as defined by the most hash power.
People keep looking at the"accumulated hash power" comment and totally ignoring the critical next part where they say they'll consider other factors to determine when it's stable! Gemini put it more clearly, but they're getting dragged through the mud too.
@_date: 2017-10-26 07:12:24
So you claim the owner of the Bitcoin core GitHub controls bitcoin? That exchanges should go to him to determine the correct fork to follow for BTC?
That's certainly how most open source projects work when they're small and development isn't controversial. It seems inevitable, though, that a global monetary system would diverge from the individual who controls the original repository, though, either because the individual made demands and decisions that were not supported by the overall community, or because the repository was seized by a malicious actor.
I am absolutely not advocating for the 2X fork. I don't remotely see this as the time when Bitcoin development moves away from the core repository. I hope this fork disappears quickly and segwit adoption clears the mempool long enough to allow for an amazing lightning network to further reduce congestion long term!
I just see the exchanges position as reasonable and rational. The exchanges don't support the owner of the core repository, they serve the community for their own financial gain. They aren't trying to push the Bitcoin development toward or away from one repository, they just intend to follow the money and keep the Bitcoin monicker attached to whichever chain is most valued by users and traders.
The simplest metric of this is accumulated hash power. They explicitly look to other factors (like price and use in commerce) to determine when hash power is stabilized and is accurately reflecting the chain that should remain Bitcoin.
These policies will back the core repository as long as the community chooses to use the core repository as defining Bitcoin. That seems a far more durable and reliable support of ongoing core development than a crude, "he who owns the GitHub defines BTC".
In essence, I agree with you on the desired outcome -- a 2x fork that quickly becomes valued as an insignificant altcoin in the marketplace. I simply think the exchanges current policy is a great, reliable way to achieve that long term for a wide range of forks, including the one that inevitably moves away from the core repository (maybe not in my lifetime, but it'll happen eventually!)
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:07:13
Yes, it's stupid if you incur no storage fees for holding it yourself (as with Bitcoin).
Avoiding taxes can easily make that profitable again though. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:59:56
How will routing be accomplished then? Don't nodes need a fairly well developed map of the network including nodes and channel capacity?
Maybe nodes that only connect to a single channel can be "hidden", but only if they trust the node they're connected with to keep their existence and channel state private (not likely with the CIA an secret warrants involved).
If the CIA strategically places nodes while  compromising uncooperative nodes, they will be about to maintain a nearly complete map of the major routes.
Large static routes (like between mining pools and exchanges) could hide movement of bitcoins far more effectively, but at the cost of having a static channel that can be regularly targeted by subpoenas.
It will be interesting to see what privacy actually develops out of the lightning network, and what kind of opsec the radically private users develop.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:42:23
To be fair, on an exchange, the exchange makes the rules. I'm not sure what choice they really have if two chains claiming the same name, roughly equal in length, hash power (probably measured according to the securing power of the network, maybe in Watts burned in the last month), and economic activity.
I don't think this current fork will be hard to call, but that probably won't always be the case.
Measuring hash power is useful because economic incentives should drive hash power to be split according to the market value of the two chains.
But how do you calculate the market value of the two chains before one exists? The sole futures market is interesting, but very limited and it only pays a "winner" if two chains exist after the fork. You could check the markets, but the markets have to give each chain a label before the chains can be traded so there's no market to check before the market picks labels.
I think they've got it right -- saying they'll go with the largest accommodated hash power once hash power has stabilized to reflect economic power.
@_date: 2017-09-20 12:06:22
Agreed, but how many non Chinese citizens are going to follow the China coin chain when the Chinese government starts using 51% attacks to reverse payments that the Chinese government deems illegal?
I agree though they China would have to take the first step in violating our expectation of decentralized consensus blockchain to have everybody else split at the same time.
@_date: 2017-10-09 17:03:37
I honestly haven't seen other options, but I haven't looked too hard lately.
@_date: 2018-02-20 21:53:48
No, they're quite clear and you're right. They claim to be insured (partly self insured) against their loss of digital currencies. 
That explicitly doesn't include unauthorized access of your account with your credentials, but I can't imagine how they could insure that.
@_date: 2017-10-19 11:27:04
Worse, he tried to pull a replay attack by showing an old transaction signed by Satoshi and claiming he totally signed it himself.
He actually put a significant amount of technical effort into obfuscating where he got the signed transaction. There is zero chance that the real Satoshi would have gone to all that effort if he could just copy his private key into an algorithm and have a signed copy in seconds.
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:50:49
What? They don't say they have equal assets to the amount of debt issued! They simply point to their regular revenue stream (through federal taxes) and people line up to lend them money against the most secure income stream on the planet.
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:02:11
So... How did my client find peers the first time I turned it on?
@_date: 2017-10-07 22:45:29
It's certainly a low probability event. It makes sense though -- if a blockchain has so little hash power transactions never get validated, the exchange can hardly split their coins and send them out on it!
@_date: 2017-10-25 15:06:52
So you're claiming that the owner of the core GitHub is the leader of Bitcoin? No other bitcoin node software exists, the miners don't run their own software?
Are we really supposed to pretend that the owner of a specific repo, even the most active repo, speaks for Bitcoin?
Yes, we use "decentralized" in a specific networking context. That doesn't preclude is from using it in the context of governance too!
At this point, miners have easily enough clout to force a fork. At that point we'll have to trade for a while during stable block times (so potentially after one or more difficulty adjustment depending on how crazy the mining swings are) to see where the economic majority goes. Hopefully they instantly price it properly, but it could take longer.
This is a practical result of decentralized governance. When there is no bitcoin CEO, a specific person or group can lose what power they gained to influence the community. 
Now I think it would be disastrous to Bitcoin if core developers were driven off forever to other projects, but an "attack" on the preferred path by one group that has been working on the project is not the same as an "attack" on the network itself. I fully expect to oppose the vision of whoever controls the core GitHub repository at some point in the future.
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:14:49
You clever monkey!
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:42:36
Strong like bull. Smart like tractor.
@_date: 2017-10-02 17:09:31
To be fair, it's geometric (not parabolic or linear). Because both sides need to be segwit addresses for a transaction to use the segwit protocol, the number of transactions will rise slowly with the number of addresses in use and will accelerate untill around 50% of addresses used are segwit addresses at which point the increase will start to slow.
In reality, adoption by some big hubs (exchanges) will yield a step change in the number of segwit addresses, but even if user adoption is linear, we'd expect the transaction curve to be far from linear.
@_date: 2018-02-02 00:11:39
Say you have a significant number of bitcoins, and gained $10,000 in BCH in August. Now, say that you don't sell any of them before you become a billionaire in 5 years.
When you start paying capital gains and the IRS audits you, they may ask why you never paid taxes on the $10,000 of income you accrued in 2017.
They're not just looking for highest absolute value in taxes, they're also looking for people breaking rules to defer taxes, or just breaking rules accidentally.
It's probably not a huge deal for most of us, but for a whale that could have gained hundreds of thousands of dollars at the date of the fork, it's not a trivial question and likely will require back and forth argument in an audit.
@_date: 2017-09-05 13:24:38
Not if the big guys keep passing up low fees and the small Miner can cram them all into his single occasional block.
@_date: 2017-09-20 18:11:52
Well those significant companies up top don't think it's such a horrible idea.
There IS a lot of demand for higher block size, especially as we wait for lightning network development to take as long as it takes to offload transactions. Core is only "not a part of segwit2x" because they generally refuse to consider a block size increase.
I like Bitcoin, and I'm looking forward to a lightning network. I am also pretty confused about why developers (I almost said "we" because I identify as part of the community, but I'm not going to pretend I'm contributing to the codebase) have drawn a red line in the sand at the arbitrary 1mb beyond which we shall not pass.
Bitcoin struggles today with mempool spikes. The fees are killing small payment use cases, and lightning network isn't going to come in 2017, maybe not even in 2018 in a useful way. Meanwhile interest in cryptocurrencies continues to skyrocket with ever more people wanting to put transactions on chain.
Is there a core roadmap for block size increases, or is segwit+LN all they have planned in the next 5 years? Are edge use cases affected by a growing block chain really hurt more than the entire ecosystem is by fees that make buying coffee super expensive until LN is ready for prime time?
@_date: 2018-02-03 17:27:07
Of course, if Amazon or FedEx wants to do it, they may have to issue a useless token to get around the minimally inventive UPS received.
I'd honestly be surprised if there isn't prior art describing how a bitcoin transaction can be used to both pay for an item while ensuring that the item can only be purchased by a pre-authorized address.
Has nobody ever written down the idea that this could enable unattended, asynchronous payment receipt of items ordered?
If not, congratulations, that's a pretty sweet patent. Now go actually implement the system or let it expire so someone else can work on it sometime before 2038 when the patent expires!
@_date: 2017-10-25 05:47:20
Bitcoin is radically decentralized. When there's a contentious fork, and both sides claim the other is trying to destroy bitcoin and are lying about community support or miner support respectively, and both sides claim the other chain will die off immediately...
What exactly is an exchange supposed to do? Support my favorite by messaging me on Reddit? Contact blockstream to see which chain should have the BTC moniker? Put in an issue on the GitHub repository?
I think 1x will win immediately and all exchanges will follow. I also think there's enough FUD that it's appropriate for exchanges to avoid picking a winner before the fork and potentially being stuck on the wrong side of history!
If an exchange came out saying 2x would automatically be called BTC, I'd find it just as irresponsible as if others came out saying 2x is a shitcoin.
Frankly, that's not their job -- they're in the business of facilitating exchange of cryptocurrencies, and it just so happens that with radically decentralized governance, they're going to have to just do their best to assign monickers, and they're virtually guaranteed to get it wrong some of the time (more so the earlier before a fork they try to pick winners!)
They exist to allow the markets to decide. Now if it's a dead heat, I would personally prefer they give them two separate monickers until the markets decide on a winner (maybe B1X and B2X) but they don't ask my opinion.
@_date: 2018-02-13 19:17:10
Why not? Certainly downloads will sometimes take a while, but assuming any download could be distributed just like blockchains and BitTorrent today, you'd never be gated by any single connection.
In a database where most interest involves a small number of records, a BitTorrent model with a smaller number of full seeds would be fantastic.
@_date: 2017-10-07 04:32:56
He's speaking "as the responsible party at Microsoft." Not as a private guy who happens to like Bitcoin and work at Microsoft at the same time.
To be clear, I've got nothing against Microsoft employees (except for the bastards that keep re enabling ads and reinstalling Skype on my windows 10 computer), and I'm glad Microsoft is carefully considering decentralized identifiers and cryptocurrencies in general. 
I'm just really conflicted about whether Microsoft's official position on decentralized identifiers should be given any weight at all given that it comes from one of the most monopolistic and centralized companies in the world (if somewhat less so than in the 90s).
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:15:55
I see your point, but if Amazon called, they would make it happen.
I suspect Amazon would simply build or buy a subsidiary to handle the conversion so they can control every detail, and even bitpay isn't really set up to handle the volume Amazon can enable (so contracting to an existing firm has less value than it otherwise might).
@_date: 2017-09-10 23:30:02
Hell yeah! I didn't know I needed a hotdog stand outside my apartment, but now that I consider the option, I'm pretty sure it should be mandatory!
@_date: 2017-09-23 13:03:40
Nope. You have to establish a fair value for the dog in USD, and then calculate any gains over the period you held the dog (again in USD) to accurately calculate taxes owed.
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:23:31
Just say 1% and you don't have to mess with layers of markup.
@_date: 2017-09-13 16:08:37
I... Uh... Huh.
@_date: 2017-09-16 14:25:41
The argument against 10mb or 1gb blocks makes a huge amount of sense to me! I'm less sold on holding the line for years to come at 1mb. I hope segwit is adopted fast enough to provide some breathing room for the months it'll take to really make LN viable!
I know I might sound like a concern troll, but I'm really just an enthusiast that's honestly a bit concerned. I'm not sure how to prove the difference.
Anyway, thanks for building what we have today!
@_date: 2017-09-19 15:16:08
No (barring an unplanned bug). However, without replay protection on the 2x fork, if we end up with two ongoing chains, you'll want to send the coins on either chain to different wallets you control before sending them to a third party (who could then initiate the same transfer on the second chain without your permission).
@_date: 2017-10-19 11:31:13
My gold plated HDMI cables totally improve the image quality I get on my 4k curved OLED TV when I play my original star wars VHS tapes!
@_date: 2017-10-29 00:51:43
Esperanto will rule them all!
@_date: 2017-10-09 10:53:39
Naw, just move your coins on both chains to different wallets you control. Wait a few hours to get enough confirmations on the slower chain to be sure neither transaction is being replayed.
Now you've split your coins, and no future transactions can be replayed because you spent all pre fork transactions to different addresses.
The real trick is finding software that supports both chains reliably on day one.
@_date: 2017-09-23 18:30:42
What's the point to a private blockchain and private miners? If nobody else can see the chain or validate transactions, why wouldn't they just use a private database like they do with Amazon gift cards?
@_date: 2017-09-21 00:35:03
Thanks a lot for writing that out. Yes it clears up some things for me. I don't want to buy gold, but here's an upvote and Reddit silver to show my sincere appreciation (no sarcasm intended).
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:15:34
That seems like such an easily evaded cludge -- banning specific clients based on their reported version. 
Constantly going back to a white list would open up other issues, but at least checking the whitelist to verify you haven't forked (then going back to ignoring the whitelist if you haven't) seems like a much more robust method of resolving a partitioned network without trying to prevent it through a growing list of blacklisted clients like some sort of antivirus software.
@_date: 2017-10-25 14:04:33
Damn, I must have been tired.
Yes, assuming the commodity price is stable long term (it isn't, but we can't really predict the direction), the constant pressure of inflation will increase the price in Fiat above and beyond supply and demand pressures by the inflation rate.
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:14:27
Well yes, that's why bubbles and crashes are so over the top. People buy in high, putting as much money as they can afford (and often more) now after everything is up 10-100x because they're afraid of missing the next 100x. Then when the price drops 50%, people (and not always the same people) sell because they're afraid of being left holding the bag as this manipulated "scam" goes to zero.
This is the whole reason most governments try to regulate these kinds of markets, because it's way too easy for scammers to manipulate the average person's emotions and walk away with millions (now likely billions) without adding any value to society.
I get how it's unpopular around crypto to suggest that the government might play an important role in reducing how much con men can get away with -- selling worthless tokens with an implied future value, but with no intention of working to create that value.
Personally, I suspect that there's a middle ground where regulations don't explicitly favor existing financial industries with onerous barriers to disruptive technology, while putting up SOME barrier to scammers stealing intentionally from elderly folks with dementia, but that gets too far off topic for me.
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:04:23
If there's 2% inflation and you pay 2% fees, your value in Fiat stays constant (until you get to that last atom obviously).
@_date: 2017-10-26 07:18:18
It's got immediate advantages with long term costs. It'll be fantastic right up until players look around and realize that while it's fixed some super annoying lag bugs, it's not getting new content updates, and all of their friends are playing on the old version so raids are just full of bots and farmers.
@_date: 2017-09-10 23:58:28
I do! Admittedly not much, but you actually made me snort slightly in amusement, and that's worth a dollar a month or so to me!
@_date: 2017-09-16 14:49:49
Right now it takes over 150gb to download the blockchain. It's growing around 50GB per year at 1MB per block.
That'll fit under Comcast's bullshit 1tb per month cap pretty easily for a few more years, but it's already too big to hide in normal user traffic.
How would you suggest a user in China download the blockchain if the government is watching for large downloads? If we increase traffic 8x, it'll stand out more than 8x as clearly that a particular house is downloading these large blocks at random intervals roughly every 10 minutes apart. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 07:32:24
@_date: 2017-10-06 19:34:07
I really don't see this. If you ignore the S2X chain, you have lost nothing. If you want to get really tricky, you can split your coins and have some new coins you didn't have before with no risk to your coins.
Yes, they're trying to modify the bitcoin code and hoping to have everybody consider the new chain to be Bitcoin (just like some people considered "theft" when segwit was implemented), but 2x isn't removing anything from you.
@_date: 2017-10-07 03:14:51
Says the Microsoft employee?
My head hurts now.
@_date: 2018-02-03 15:24:02
It's all a red herring, because network topology centralization is not remotely the same as central control over money and banking, where movement of money is controlled solely by a central cartel or government.
Some people are just using the word to suggest that because there will be some nodes better connected than others, it will somehow be impossible to route around any specific set of better connected nodes. That's simply not true.
@_date: 2017-09-10 22:39:24
That's a bit of a loaded question. Bitcoin core developers are very wary of hard forks, and not without a good reason. Any fork introduces the possibility of new attacks on the network (even soft forks). A significant portion of criticism against segwit was that it was a cludgy hack (if a clever one) that could have been much cleaner with a hard fork.
As to your question, no I don't believe a hard fork would avoid "this mess". It certainly wouldn't help with the rollback issue -- it's extremely unlikely that you could just roll back a hard fork without making all the blocks after the fork invalid. Since that's the mess I think we're discussing here -- trouble rolling back a fork (hard or soft) -- I think they're about the same.
In blockchains, you CAN always rollback the blockchain to an earlier state, as was done with the ethereum rollback to eliminate the DAO "theft". But you roll back legitimate transactions, and the more you roll back, the more you cause harm to the businesses and people you're now ripping BTC away from without reimbursing them for any off chain transaction!
In short, we always have to move forward except in quick and truly extraordinary circumstances (i.e. if a new bug allowed someone to steal every Bitcoin). 
@_date: 2017-10-04 13:58:00
Well for one thing, they'll validate and transmit blocks that are twice as large as the hard limit used in the core nodes!
Having nodes announce their identity is convenient prior to the hard fork, but it's all but irrelevant after the fork.
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:03:42
The assumption is that the 90% of hash power signaling NYA will be willing to mine at a loss for a period to try to force the market to follow the 2x chain by crippling the 1x chain. If enough miners "defect" back to the 1x chain and it also becomes the most profitable (because the economic majority values the 1x chain and dumps the 2x chain), then miners should continue to switch back to the 1x chain to follow profits.
That's why exchanges are saying they'll follow the largest accumulated hash power after things stabilize, and explicitly say they'll consider factors like relative value and community adoption to determine when it's stable (when hash power returns to accurately reflecting relative economic value).
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:02:20
Absolutely when high inflation means what little you have managed to save might buy you only 80% as much food next month.
The flight to safety will be brutal if the us dollar and treasurey bonds are ever perceived as "unsafe."
Unlike many people, I don't think the US dollar is at much risk in the near future, but it won't stay dominant forever.
@_date: 2017-09-16 21:54:02
You can't call it a democracy if any candidate opposing Putin that starts rising in polls mysteriously ends up in jail or simply murdered.
They're hardly even pretending at this point!
@_date: 2017-10-25 04:53:17
Then they immediately go on to say, "We will make a determination on this change, once we believe the forks are in a stable state. We may consider other factors such as market cap or community support to determine stability."
They're going to see what happens and pray to the crypto gods that there's a clear winner (even if the clear loser ends up with a higher net difficulty).
That doesn't seem unreasonable to me, but it might be disappointing to people hoping they'd put down a political stake in support of one or the other chain.
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:27:18
That's a decent point, but I'm still going to push back on the hard drive aspect. 
The hard drive will, at the current block size never even be a factor. Bandwidth costs will massively outweigh the hard drive cost.
As I run some quick numbers, though, it'll be a significant cost driver at around 10x the block size.
With an annual blockchain checkpoint, verified by any node that cares to check, the hard drives could still be insignificant compared to bandwidth cost, but i think I was wrong about hard drives being irrelevant.
They're irrelevant today, but that's only because we just hit 1mb blocks under a year ago.
Thanks for the detailed explanation.
@_date: 2017-10-25 05:38:14
When bitcoin governance is explicitly decentralized, who do you propose an exchange contacts about which chain is the real Bitcoin?
This is about the best policy they can have, and they don't tie themselves down to hash power, they say they will LIKELY follow the largest hash power (because presumably the hash power will follow the chain value sooner rather than later as miners chase profits).
I'm not a fanboy, but I'll definitely keep using Gemini until they actually do something indefensible.
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:01:47
He just waved his nose gently through a billowing cloud or something?
@_date: 2017-09-10 19:09:23
Sure, they'll tolerate it as long as the Yuan I'd strong. It's really helpful for the elites to have a way around monetary controls, and a little extra illicit freedom helps the entire country's morale, reducing risk of revolt.
But if people actually start using Bitcoin to bypass monetary restrictions (more than they do already), they will absolutely ban it. They essentially don't have a choice as an authoritarian regime determined to use central control to build economic dominance in the world.
Their strategy of allowing technically illegal activity as long as it doesn't directly threaten their control or their plans has been incredibly effective at avoiding unnecessary conflict that could lead to unrest. When they have a bad couple of years though, and money starts pouring out of the country, Bitcoin could absolutely be banned for real.
@_date: 2017-10-26 11:14:19
I'm sorry for the bother. I don't see coinbase as supporting 2x, I think you'll find their policy makes it almost impossible for 2x to compete with bitcoin as is appropriate.
I'd still be interested to hear who you think they should consult to determine ticker symbols, but I'm happy to let it go if you just find my question too insufferable!
@_date: 2018-07-07 13:55:52
How can anybody think that 1% daily return is anything but a Ponzi Scheme?
@_date: 2018-07-07 15:27:52
Absolutely not. There is no lease in the world that yields 1% daily plus overhead. This is way over the line into "too good to be true."
That's totally aside from the absurd, "$1 equals 1 square foot" that ignores market fluctuations, variation between markets, and is clearly designed to make it easy for gullible people to mentally calculate earnings rather than actually correspond to any actual lease agreement.
If people invested the way you suggest, they'd have already lost their thousand dollars on the last Ponzi scheme, bitconnect.
Stop trying to steal people's money. It might take years for you to end up in jail, but the people you scam will lose everything overnight when it comes crashing down.
@_date: 2017-10-08 02:09:54
I'm using shift with coinbase. I've heard that even if you have to set up a dwolla account if your state doesn't allow them to collect coinbase initially, once you have the card, you can connect to coinbase with no issues.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:30:12
What? Why mine at a loss? Just stop buying ever more miners from bitmain and milk the existing hardware until the next major efficiency upgrade?
Miners will always occasionally overshoot profitability by ordering hardware and facilities that takes months to deliver. Then if bitcoin price or block reward decreases unexpectedly, the least profitable miners will shut down leaving more profits to the rest of the miners.
Miners won't disappear altogether if they become unprofitable! They'll play a game of chicken until those with the least efficient operations go out of business and just go in making money and preparing for the next shift in mining efficiency or bitcoin price.
@_date: 2018-04-12 13:30:52
Sure, I had to copy and paste 36 pages of transactions into IRS forms (it could be attached as a spreadsheet, but it only took about an hour and I figured they'd be less likely to object on technical grounds if I followed normal formatting), but it's not like its difficult.
They accepted my return and sent me a refund a few days later.
Somehow I don't see why I'm supposed to feel abused.
@_date: 2018-04-12 15:23:55
Oh sure I do. In the process, I figured out how to automate it for next year, and obviously if it takes me more than an hour, I can just attach a long spreadsheet as I mentioned.
If I paid a tax preparer, they'd have attached my spreadsheet without hesitation, but not having done it before, I decided to copy and paste rather than spend more time trying to figure out how to do it "correctly".
Yes, taxes are over complicated. I can get on that circle jerk all day long. Crypto doesn't seem worse than anything else though.
@_date: 2019-05-13 19:18:26
They already are changing laws all over the world in response to the existence of people spending Bitcoin.
And most countries already have exemptions for small amounts of foreign currencies, especially when held for personal reasons.
In the US, as long as you don't incur a capital gain of over $200 in a single, personal (not business) transaction, your currency gains are exempt from Capital gains tax.
I'm not going to pretend to know how America's laws and regulations will respond to Bitcoin, but it's not unreasonable to expect changes when a growing number of citizens encounters an unreasonably complex reporting requirement whenever they use a cryptocurrency to buy on eBay.
@_date: 2018-12-26 11:38:56
Shoot man, I don't want anybody resetting my 2fa for ANY REASON without the absolute highest level of identity verification!
If you're treating 2fa like a password and aren't saving paper copies of the seeds, you're essentially planning to require a 2fa reset.
Given that you are requiring that they offer 2FA resets, this extremely intrusive verification is literally the only thing standing between a scammer and your money.
If it's remotely possible for someone to guess or use malware/fake sites to obtain your email password or transfer your phone number to a different phone (both happen regularly), it's insane to rely on these services for resetting access to your valuable asset!
If I could tick a box to totally prevent access to my account unless I showed up at a physical office across the country in person to let them inspect my birth certificate and password (paying a significant fee, maybe $250 for taking their time), I'd take the option in a heartbeat.
@_date: 2019-05-02 14:04:25
Yeah, cool story Craig. So prove you have possession of the key now, and let us make up our own minds about when you might have obtained it.
@_date: 2019-05-23 20:52:36
Fuck no! We should not "respect their desire to do business with whom they see fit." Where the hell does that come from?
I do not respect coinbase, certainly not for apparently politically motivated user bans!
I don't have a ton of respect for Milo either, but way more than coinbase!
There's no "should" here, especially not regarding what you think other people should respect!
@_date: 2019-05-19 14:29:46
I use cointracking.info
There's a few other tax tracking sites that are probably just as good. Cointracking allows a significant number of free transactions before you have to start paying.
They really automate all the cost basis and taxes, and you just enter two entries on tax day, short and long term capital gains.
If you get audited, it spits out all transactions with their individual capital gains that you can mail in (I've never had to).
@_date: 2018-12-09 17:56:57
I disagree. This is really basic engineering, in this case software engineering. Developers are just evaluating failure modes and developing contingencies.
For a mobile gaming app, it doesn't matter too much. You'll be pissed off you lose all your donuts in a Simpsons game, but it's probably better for your life of you move on anyway.
In a peer to peer cash storage and transaction system, if it's going to be remotely useful, it has to be Rock solid. Something as simple as giving people a way to recover from simple human error (typos) is necessary wherever it doesn't compromise security.
@_date: 2018-12-09 17:32:24
If some letters are obliterated or there are typos, it's a lot easier to find likely candidates in a word list than in a list of numbers. The extra letters massively reduce the number of words you might have to try, and so does the word length. If you skip a letter by accident, you'll know immediately which one or two words you meant. If you miss a number by accident, you'll have to check hundreds of combinations since you won't know which number you skipped (0-9) and you won't know where in the sequence you skipped that digit!
@_date: 2018-12-29 17:14:42
The Fed is involved in manipulating inflation rates for the backed asset, so they manipulate the value of the stable coin. Yes, obviously they aren't involved in management or development of stable coins directly.
@_date: 2018-12-29 17:19:44
Why? If USD collapses, they can just replace it with something pegged to the Euro (or whatever) like other countries that try to print their way out of a government funding/spending crisis.
Then they can just use current banking institutions to run the new currency with full government control as usual.
They've got no incentive to allow official peer to peer transactions that aren't reversible since they can easily track and confiscate all USD assets in US banks today.