@_author: hacksaw_dick
@_date: 2019-02-03 22:00:24
No you don't. You just are making up a life in your mind that you perhaps wished you lived. UCLA has a pretty decent MBA program and I refuse to believe they are graduating such impoverished minds in the realm of monetary theory. If they are, you need to ask for your money back. Your insecurities over my superior vocabulary are quite normal for those in your intellectual class, so I don't blame you. It is ok, but it is just another deflection to the issue at hand. And the fact that your cretinous mind somehow came to the conclusion that the crux of the argument in this thread was that "millions of people use it" and it was created by one person (which isn't even correct btw - you do know that right?) demonstrates what a pea-brain you are. You really ought to understand how BTC came to be developed, how it has progressed, the underlying philosophy of it, and what it even is (hint, start with the numerous devs who contributed to what BTC is today). This is basic stuff though, so you should know more than you do. As for the thread, start from the beginning, work your way down slowly, and then return when you are on equal footing here...otherwise you are not yet eating at the adult table. 
@_date: 2019-02-01 04:08:05
lol, don't do it, he is euphoric right now. 
@_date: 2019-02-01 21:01:35
@_date: 2019-02-01 00:32:06
Basically nothing you said is in the realm of reality. If "all his money is devalued" having crypto or whatever new digital bullshit is not going to help him, you, me, or any other neckbeard cryptokiddie. Learn some damn economic theory before contriving these absurd scenarios that have nothing to do with reality. Fiat is going nowhere, and it certainly isn't in any jeopardy of being replaced by fuking crypto. And if does crash to zero, you will be forcedd to go hunt rabbits in the forest to eat and have to stave off being butt-raped by roving criminal gangs - your BTC balance with be about as useful as your ass hair. Anyone who believes the current financial system is going to crash and burn suddenly is either retarded, an ideological zealot, or just too young to know any better - inertia alone will carry this project well beyond your lifespan. All of the problems you listed he is having have nothing to do with him learning about or converting to crypto, they have to do with him being a good/bad CEO. You would have to be a special type of retard to want to be paid in crypto at this point anyway - come back in 10-20 years and maybe we will talk. And he is correct MOST computer-skilled people are just slave-minions of the digital age, they should be compensated slightly more than your average goat herder. Crypto is going nowhere until we genetically purify these absurd narratives, intelligent people think half this space is comprised of imbeciles...and they are right. 
@_date: 2019-02-03 01:34:16
I am laughing that you spout every single crypto-cliche that you have acquired on Reddit and crypto twitter you have ever read. It is is pointless to educate you on economic theory, monetary theory, macro economic adoption theory, behavioral economics, market monetarism, sound money, and the international financial ecosystem in general. You sound like a bad advertisement for BTC reeling off little sound-bites of half-truths, pseudo-data, and other reductionist drivel. Your ilk does incredible damage to the crypto comunity because intelligent people think you are a moron and therefore they don't take the things they hear from you seriously, and then they mistakenly co-locate your pap with the space in general and we suffer because of it. But it is ok, it is not your fault. Even as  BTC supporter, all I can do, and care to do is.....BWAHAHAHAHA. Your kind will be flushed out soon enough and the project can grow organically and without vomitus fertilizer. 
@_date: 2019-02-03 18:49:48
I can't teach you those terms, when you acquire an MBA or PhD in finance from a reputable University you will be exposed to all of those concepts. Until then, talking to you on this matter is like a sentient human having a discussion with an earth worm. You are riddled with hyperbole and lack of conceptual or structural understanding of the points you are trying to make - a product of the age we live in, lots of window dressing but nothing in the store room. Get to work whipper snapper so we can be on the same playing-field and you don't have to bore smart people with your unsophisticated tropes on these matters. And stop moving the goal posts you simpleton. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 19:37:45
This will not end well. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 19:48:22
Some of the things you bring up are cogent, but you have a tendency to really rely upon straw-men, reductionist logic, and wide-sweeping generalizations to paint your boogeymen archetypes. Your points would be better served if delivered with a bit more sophistication and aplomb - nothing you are arguing is actually all that novel even to BTC users. The vast majority of folks who have (or had) "invested" in BTC would not call it the "second coming of jesus" nor do they believe that BTC  (nor any other crypto) is going to destroy the international financial system or legacy monetary institutions. In fact, most BTC "investors" I know are highly skeptical about its future prognosis and see massive obstacles to any noteworthy level of adoption or satisfying the world as a unit of account, medium of exchange, or holder of value. Naturally gravitating to a small minority of true-believing neckbeards who think BTC will be the world's currency within the next decade, allowing you to bang on your pots and pans in order to solidify your fairly prosaic and uncontroversial point of view, does not reflect the very measured perspective that most BTC investors/users have about it. Obviously no sane person, with an IQ over 120, would take anything away from a Tim Hortons not taking $100 bills when it comes to BTC's future, surely you know that. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 20:46:46
No it won't, his system will far outlive him so why should he bother learning some next-gen hype driven gobbledygook. Why devote one moment in time to it and detract from playing with his grand-kids, going fishing, taking his girl to Paris. Every one here likes the idea of BTC in one way or another, but some of the drivel you chit-for-brains post is really cretinous. 
@_date: 2019-01-28 02:50:12
yea that is just crazy people who only have 50-75 years on the planet want to exchange their digital code-dongle bullchit for something they can use to get laid, buy a boat, take a vacation, send their kids to college, eat a delicious rare steak, buy a beautiful AR15 with an ACOG, or put in a pool in their gorgeous USD-bought 5 bedroom house in Florida. You gumkins are so clueless what this is all for, but its fun sucking the vein dry. One day you will get it.
@_date: 2019-01-31 20:51:47
Incorrect. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 02:42:55
Basically everything from the first post up until mine was written by people who have absolutely no idea what they are talking about (dontbeaflatliner got caught up in the middle) - every single thing said is wrong, even when on opposite sides of the debate. Borderline fascinating actually. If anyone needs any validation of why crypto has behaved like it has the last year, look no further then here - the entire space is comprised of absolute cretins minus a few savvy devs and some savage fiat traders.
@_date: 2019-01-29 06:08:20
lol, it was like watching a Fellini movie. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 20:43:34
 "2 million people is more than enough to push humanity into the future of money".......lol  