@_author: hadesnothaiti
@_date: 2018-01-13 22:21:30
So.. What percentage of the global fiat currency supply do you own? Was that a good enough deal for you?
@_date: 2018-01-13 22:36:47
You're saying that people won't accept a coin that has 80% already taken, I'm asking how big of a share of fiat ever printed do you think people will find is good enough for themselves?
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:19:31
people have no say in who gets made rich, and nerds who popped out of the right parents inherit massive fortunes and the rich elect themselves into office and remove taxes that would allieviate this disparity, no one cares because it sounds like some arcane accounting trick and theres a billion other things happening every week so nothing gets noticed. 
IMO You have too much faith in what 'people' decide. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 02:35:19
why wouldn't they? think about it, they are trading commodity futures, which are tied to real world events such as droughts, spills, etc, factors completely out of their control.
Along comes a completely electronic commodity they can drive up or down the price just by sheer weight of balance, and then create contained derivatives to bet in favor of what they want to do with the market. depending on the weight of the future positions, it may become profitable to actually move amounts in favor of your future potision. This sounds absurd at our level, but for bank with 100s of millions to invest...
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:52:05
The fed reserve and its carbon copies that operate in practically every country in the world, generating the 'non-product' called money, that every employed person on earth works their entire lives for. Entire industries have become the dominant force in peoples lives, centered around this big 'gambling' pit called a bank.
And yet, crypto, the only invention in the past century to exist as a shining golden rope out of a perpetual sinkhole, which is what nationally imposed inflation is. But no, it's just gambling. This is what r/buttcoin has morphed into. Now its subtle, they can't say it will fail because it hasent, now it will just stop rising and go back to 0 eventually, because its all a game and the entire scenario I described about banking is irrelevant and a non factor.
you seem very sure about things you have no idea about. I can appreciate that quality in a person, works like a stop sign for effort being wasted explaining.
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:49:21
Am I irresponsible yet guys?
@_date: 2017-03-10 21:44:16
as soon as the dip started, site offline. unacceptable. never again
@_date: 2017-11-19 03:07:56
this figure alone says that unless god comes down for the heavens to reverse the debt snowball, bitcoin price 5x in next 20 years at least.
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:31:05
I don't think the point is government not controlling it, laws are what enables a country to function as a nation instead of a tribe. The point he's making is fractional reserve banking. No more top down imposed inflation on the working class of the planet, which let's face it, is the vast majority. Banks and governments will still exist and have a function, but banks will no longer dictate the lives of every human working for a buck. laws established by government dictating these policies are just the end of the puppet string. If money is not created by banks, government doesn't have to listen to what they think about it.
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:19:10
Adoption has definitely increased, middle class people outside the US that I know personally, did not in a million years hear of bitcoin or even considered why the concept was important, all of a sudden making facebook posts about it as their own country's economy goes to shit. The financial crisis is not felt as hard in the US because of the dollar's purchasing power, but the inflation is tightening like a noose around poorer countries that have been skimming by on what the US would consider disposable income just to survive. People get desperate in times of need, I bet we will see huge surges of FOMO adoption in the coming years. It feels like water is just starting to seep above the surface, once you cant see the ground anymore, an inch or a foot look the same... 5-25k volatility still seems good either way, considering you'd have at least 1/5 of what you invested if it died, if you live in a country like venezuela or some other inflation hell
@_date: 2017-10-08 10:14:28
nothing stops them from buying into their own forked coin and leaving core BTC in the dust price wise, and thus luring hash power and lay users to their chain. Once we are far removed from the fork event and core BTC is to 2x as BCH is to BTC at the moment, they can try and make adjustments to the protocol. Something inoffensive, perhaps a clause for something to happen at max supply, anything to end the deflationary process. 
regardless, if they are given the word of when changes are proposed, nothing stops them from completely gaming the market, Jamie Dimon has already made it clear bankers are trading in BTC. Have an upcoming update or change planned, buy or sell accordingly, release the news, profit.
2x is a waterloo pigeon line for bankers just like Rothschild had back in the day.
@_date: 2017-07-11 09:26:36
Youre better off selling the card, unless you plan on buying at least a few more to spread the cost of the rig itself accross multiple cards thus increasing your chance of ROI, which is slim as it is. GPU mining bitcoin is a waste, way too difficult, you're better off mining altcoins and converting to bitcoin if you must. If you only have one card its definitely not worth spending a couple hundred bucks to run one card, it'll never ROI, if you have a big surplus of energy might as well I suppose, but dont expect more than a few bucks a day.