@_author: hadtoregistertopost
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:55:24
The point, which you completely missed, was that it didn't matter who the PM was, it has been official government policy for the past 50 years. The fact that Trudeau is PM has no bearing on it, especially considering that previous conservative PMs have done the same thing. You can try to play stupid, but you were clearly trying to disparage the policy by linking it directly to Trudeau, or as you put it, the drama teacher, and you didn't have the courage to defend what little substance there was behind your post - instead trying to simplify things to the greatest extent possible in an effort to support what you had written. 
Don't *play* stupid. You tried to speak to something you don't know anything about, and now you're completely ignoring your previous context to find your way out. 


That's fine, and in a way, flattering, considering not many in Canada even think about Denmark to begin with. Canada is booming right now, performing better than it has in decades, while the rest of the world flounders. I'm not one to disparage those less fortunate, but it seems a lot of people are upset that Canada is doing things right - including its support for crypto.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:07:46
Okay, I'll try to be nice about this, but you don't know what you're talking about. It would make sense to you if you had any understanding of liquidity, but that's your high school teacher's job. It has also been a long-standing policy since the 60s to sell off gold reserves, meaning every prime minister since then has overseen the shrinking of reserves - but you've clearly been misled by special interests. Educate yourself and you'll be able to understand this on your own, because right now you're just being duped by whomever you are getting this information from.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:28:37
Reading comprehension aside, I really don't understand how some people are completely unwilling, or unable, to think for themselves. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:30:16
Maybe the different mindset comes from where you live. If the USD crashes, it will affect the status quo momentarily, but that won't affect Canada in the long run. It doesn't matter how much gold you have - you are only storing it for its value (a value that is never realized if you don't sell). 
In North America, everything changes. The big thing you are missing here is that gold reserves don't matter in the long run to an economy like Canada (or Russia, China, US) where, for the most part, the entire country is covered in natural resources (to a large degree that are renewable). These will **actually** stimulate a fluid, natural economy, that will provide value to whatever the market determines is the trading medium, unlike holding a resource like gold. It doesn't matter how shitty the USD is and how much precious material you're sitting on - it is not worth anything until it has been sold/traded.
Also, my posts weren't regarding the references to Trudeau, but rather your misinformation. I actually voted against him in the last election, as most here know he is just a pretty face used by the Liberal Party of Canada with the help of American Democrats. You probably don't care (why would you?), but Canada voted *against* the previous government during the election, not *for* the current one. Trudeau is just the mouthpiece of the Liberal Party of Canada and will remain that way for a long time, as people are too focused on him instead of those pulling his strings.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:13:32
He misunderstands what is taking place. Here is some insight if you want to read: 
It has been official government policy for over half a century, nothing to do with the current leadership, but some people are prone to believing certain things to confirm a prejudice they already have.