@_author: hadtocmnt
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:11:30


Then I take it you're not going to the FIFA World Cup this year. I think many would agree things are not necessarily that peachy in much of the world.
@_date: 2014-06-08 02:56:21
Oh, no offense, but since we're talking about who has what incentive... Bitcoin doesn't help any government. It is inherently anti-government, honestly guys this is astounding the number of people who don't grasp this basic fact. Bitcoin is NOT apolitical. It is extremely political because it breaks their monopoly on currency issuance which is what they use to fund warfare and welfare. Money is the source of all political power which is why alternatives to the USD have been historically met with violence.
Governments have every incentive to attack Bitcoin, and it is my assumption that they will do so, because they are incentivized to do so. If not by 51% attacking it, then by regulation. At this time harming bitcoin would harm a vanishingly small number of people, and the ones who would object could be trivially labeled as rogue anarchists and libertarian extremists.
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:07:44
POS is even more vulnerable to a 51% attack than PoW: you don't need to own 51% of the total coin supply in POS to 51% attack the coin. You only need 51% of the *staking* coin supply, which is a small fraction of the total supply even when the blockchain is relatively small. Staking requires holding coins unencrypted with full node instances connected to the network, that is neither secure nor easy to do, it does earn you interest though, something small. Interest = inflation, and security is far from being assured in this system.
I actually like the idea behind MyriadCoin, where you have multiple types of PoW each competing for a block reward. Makes it much more difficult to 51% attack, although not impossible.
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:14:59
"But what is keeping the United States and Russia from just nuking each other?
surely you can't be serious? yes let's compare 51% attacking bitcoin to ending billions of lives and forcing humanity back into the stone age.
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:48:18
I understand your point, not everything is black and white, but then again, not everything is white. I was just getting the impression that you were thinking humanity is guaranteed to head to utopia, therefore bitcoin is safe, therefore there's no reason to even plan for a 51% scenario.
Not saying it will happen, just like I'm saying you'll probably not be mugged while attending the World Cup as a highly visible rich white guy. but you maybe, just maybe want to plan for adverse outcomes when a multi-billion dollar industry hinges upon it. i don't think that's too much to ask, then again, making public plans doesn't make any sense either. That just makes the job of the 51% attacker easier.
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:59:40




do you honestly assume people think like this? "what keeps us from nuking each other?" really? to pretend that it's on the exact same level as choosing whether or not to 51% attack bitcoin is hilariously uninformed. A single nuke detonated in India of all places would set into motion a decades long environmental catastrophe that would lead to the deaths of hundreds of millions by malnutrition. and you pretend like people ask what keeps countries from nuking each other directly... and you tell me it's an apt comparison
 if anything i regretfully assumed common sense where there was none.
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:23:56
which is harder for Barack Obama to do:
1. Tell the military to nuke Russia, ever heard of mutually assured destruction?
2. Tell Intel to make a shitload of ASICs and 51% attack bitcoin
you're making an Apples vs Oranges comparison
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:36:38
then prove me wrong by "reading open source". I've done my due diligence, thank you.
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:02:53


Wouldn't this corrupt the very idea of having an unseizable currency? If miners are able to take your coins, even if you're guilty of 51% attacking the network, how can the network ever be trusted? I pray to God it doesn't ever come down to doing this, because that is going to do irreperable harm to the cryptocurrency concept.
"Wait so you mean they just decided to remove their coins?"
"It's fine, they were attacking the network."
"But how did they do *that*? I thought no one controls Bitcoin?"


Much better answer. The optimist in me thinks it's possible to get consensus on an emergency PoW change in 72 hours under a sustained 51% attack. This is something that could lead to a legitimate dispute, however, given the huge amount of capital being sunk into SHA256 ASICs. I'd give it a non-zero chance of resulting in multiple forks going forward because who knows what mining pools would end up doing in these scenarios. Also the relatively few large companies who control those ASICs would have a nonzero chance of coming under government pressure in the case of a 51% attack, given the most likely 51% attacker is the US or Chinese government. This is guaranteed to plummet the price of Bitcoin, which is the least of our worries as in this case there's a real chance for catastrophic results to the blockchain itself.