@_author: hahnicity
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:22:58
Please don't give people opinionated investment advice like this especially in the presence of such a massive bubble that bitcoin is in right now. Your opinions based on little more than speculation about how chinese users may buy bitcoin (which btw is priced at almost 3 times what many of my friends in china made in a year)  could lose people in the US large sums of money.
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:38:54
And that doesn't mean he's not out to collect your money when you keep on inflating a bubble either
@_date: 2013-04-23 08:37:00
Bitcoin itself is really just a harbinger of what is to come. Its lack of ambition to actually replace any kind of real world currency and its inability to attract major vendors due to price instability remain major stumbling blocks for the currency itself. 
The premise here however is that due to the rise of a distributed currency governments will lose the ability to issue their own currencies and therefore face a crisis of being unable to pay for goods and services. The first argument of a government being unable to issue a currency is confusing to me. As long as governments possess the power of taxation they will always have the ability to issue currency, it is not the other way around. Furthermore as long as a government possesses the consent of the governed (social contract) or at least some kind of standing army to squelch revolt the government will also have the ability to institute taxation. So national currencies will not die anytime soon.
The thing that I see happening is the electronic successor to bitcoin serving as an intermediary of sorts between global currencies. Already OpenCoin is promising to be such a platform using Ripple as its elecronic currency of choice. Nations will then be able to trade their currencies on an open exchange which, as your link mentions, will help to reduce price fluctuation and legitimize the currency. 
I don't really think the global economy falling apart really fits into this vision of reality
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:35:34
Yea but to say the price of an asset will rise by a factor of 100 when it's already in a bubble and could crash anytime is completely ridiculous. Its like the DOW 100000 crowd back in the 90s