@_author: haiden94
@_date: 2019-08-01 18:29:02
Okay person who can't differentiate between elected politicians and civil servants. I guess you think that every federal and state department changes dramatically everytime a new representative head is apppointed. I mean, those tens of thousands of economists, scientists and engineers are all just liberal/conservative/democratic/republican [delete as appropriate] pawns that conduct their work according to the personal whims of the president.
@_date: 2019-08-01 16:33:04
Lmao, what??? Taxation isn't even about taking your choices away from you. But I'll humor you for a second and roll with that concept.
You're telling me you're gonna make a 'choice' on which roads, throughout the entire country, YOU think are worth investing in, and then send your money, of your own accord, to the department of transportation? 
You're knowledgeable enough to know exactly how you might be personally affected if a major company, that plays an important role in industry economy, goes into difficulty, and you're equipped with all the information to make a choice on whether or not you want to contribute to a bailout?
You think you should be able to choose whether or not money is invested into researching the effects and treatments of atmospheric pollution that's been contributed to by your motor vehicle or your holidays abroad? 
You must have absolutely no idea about how insignificant you are in the big picture, and how quickly your life as you know it would disintergrate if there weren't organised bodies made up of far more knowledgeable people than yourself choosing, on your behalf, how your money is spent.
@_date: 2019-08-01 18:34:55
It's almost like people used to live in the way that you want, then those people decided, over many thousands of years, to organize groups of specialists and professionals from a range of different fields, that provide essential services, into bodies that can coordinate and operate in the public interest.
But who needs a department of education when you have YouTube? Who needs a department of defense when you have a shotgun and a handgun? Who needs a department of health when you have a first aid kit under your sink?
@_date: 2019-08-01 18:58:29
Progress of humanity led to the creation of governments. Governments didn't invent themselves in some sort of immaculate conception. Government is not inseparable from the rest of humanity or its progress. 
Private sectors have organised such groups. And they've almost always gone on to form the basis of Government departments. They haven't been forcefully taken over. Anyone who's worked at a high level in the private sector realizes that public and private sector are co-dependent and often times the lines between them is blurred.
It's ironic that you use a quote about the people not wanting the state to raise grain - before there was state regulation of agriculture, there's a good chance your family would have been tending to hundreds of thousands of tonnes of grain in exchange for a few kilograms per week.