@_author: haitouchi
@_date: 2013-12-05 18:16:27
Bitcoin has no "fair value." It's a farce. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:28:48
Everyone has gained a lot of confidence in bitcoin as the price has gone up. And their confidence increases even more as the price goes up.
It will be interesting to see what happens to the buyers psychologically when the price goes down in a big way! It can added as another chapter to the book [This Time Is Different.](
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:57:06
Would you also welcome a drop in price to $300? $20? Or is there a limit to it? Does your confidence crack at some point? 
@_date: 2013-12-07 23:49:33
@_date: 2013-12-08 18:31:44
And that bitcoin will be immediately translated to USD after the purchase. So he can buy more raw materials and pay his workers. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:38:28
can i get a knee made out of bitcoins? 
@_date: 2013-12-01 23:46:39
If everyone is convinced that the price will keep going up, then the price falling some should phase no one. 
In fact, everyone should buy even more when it falls. Hell, they should BORROW money to buy more, if they really are that convinced. Well, that would be what people would do if they were logical creatures. 
Or... people don't know what the fuck they're doing and are essentially just gambling. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:27:23
It's usually around the point that people think that the price can "go nowhere but up" that it finally falls. 
Source: any stock market crash in human history
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:14:53
Surely you're not basing your money decisions on the movement of a chart. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 18:22:54
A crash isn't defined as something becoming worthless. At least not in every other financial market in existence. 
It's typically seen as a significant price decline (usually &gt;20%) over a short period of time, perhaps 1-2 months. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:36:19
It's not an "investment" anymore than buying the yen or the euro is an investment. 
It's hilarious that the average person on here, many of who has no previous "investing" or even trading experience, think they can be expert traders for a new currency that even financial market veterans do not fully understand the characteristics of. 
Yet if you took these same people and told them to trade the yen or euro, they would not feel even half as confident. So the bitcoin has many users and was given a positive comment by the Federal Reserve. Well, the yen and euro are ALSO used by millions of people and not only that, but they are legally backed and enforced by the the governments of the countries where they are used. Though, I guess the yen and euro don't have a fancy algorithm behind them... and they're old... and crusty...
This attitude is driven significantly by psychology. The confidence of people on this board comes mostly because the price has increased. This price increase gives newcomers even more confidence. Slowly, people feel more safe as the price continues to increase. If the price decreased, then where does their confidence come from? Facts? Knowledge and experience in financial markets? Belief in the future of an internet currency? Welp. 
So I'd like to ask a lot of people here, if the price shot down to $300 over the next week/month, would you hold onto your bitcoins? Would you believe in its potential just as readily? Would you still think that the price could be well above $1,000 in another month or a year?
And some of the comments made by people here are so cliche, that it is cringeworthy. "Bitcoin cannot be compared to other currencies/securities/investments!" "The price can only go up!" Obviously I'm paraphrasing, but that is the actual basic sentiment of some people here. If you have a little perspective on the history of markets, you'd quickly realize how naive all that sounds. 
There is an old adage on Wall Street that when the small investor (the mom and pop, the janitor and the plumber) get into markets, that's the signal to get out. That kind of rule requires some judgment and context to use correctly, of course, but there is some wisdom in that. 
How many of the current crop of buyers are actually buying to use it regularly as a currency, as compared to how many are buying to make a profit? I do not think the current price and trading volume is representative of the natural demand for Bitcoin's use as a currency. Maybe someday in the future demand for its use as a currency will catch up, but the current price is not at that point. 
Just look at this board's front page. Count how many threads are about trying to predict future price changes, as compared to Bitcoin's algorithm or uses as a currency. I think that gives one a good idea about what's really on everyone's mind, and their time horizon. 
Reddit's voting function isn't helping either. Negative sentiment about Bitcoin gets downvoted (take OP's thread as an example). Positive sentiment upvoted. There is a huge bias in that kind of system that obstructs an objective inquiry for the truth. Price increases + nothing but positive sentiment on the reddit board = "it's a sure thing!" in the mind of the amateur, who does not have the mental database to think critically and question assumptions about something that is out of his circle of competence, and assumes that there is wisdom in the crowd opinion. 
Now, if you are buying bitcoin with the full understanding that you are in fact speculating for a profit, rather than investing, and you have a full realization that your chances for coming out of it with a permanent loss of money are quite high (as with trading ANY currency), then I think that is fine. And if you are buying because you think there is long-term potential for this currency of the future, and don't care about making a profit, then that is also fine. You go down a dangerous path, though, when you try to confusingly mix these two rationales. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 04:26:34
This has happened many times in history: something good comes along for everyone, minority adversely-affected parties try to ban it.
Here's what the banks should do, if they want to avoid repeating history: instead of fighting bitcoin, embrace it, make themselves part of the bitcoin infrastructure as much as they can, and profit from it as much as they can. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:12:07
Please don't call it "investing." 