@_author: hakkzpets
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:42:15
$800 also buys you a ticket to Burning Man.
@_date: 2014-01-12 16:29:08
I'm not saying we are perfect here in Sweden, but we have come a long way in creating a quite corrupt free and open government where the people can dig deep into what's happening at the highest levels.
Sure, there are some politicians I would never trust to not be bribed, but I'm not voting for them so that's basically the best I can do.
We have a long way to go but I see no reason as why you shouldn't try at least.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:15:52
This is the single most fun thing I have read on Reddit. You should be proud.
@_date: 2014-01-12 07:46:38
Or create a functioning government without corruption!
@_date: 2014-10-15 15:32:48
Don't you have commerical contract law in Canada? This seems to be a case where it would be a no brainer to get your money back.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:20:23
No, if you actually would take your time to read what I write, I said that millions upon millions of people trade stock each day for the same reason people trade Bitcoins.
Snapchat was just one example of stocks that have no intrinsic value. And that has always been due to the share structure. Publicaly traded companies with the same share structure and company structure (no voting rights, no dividends) has no intrinsic value. Jesus Christ, this isn't rocket science. I haven't moved the goal posts, you just know to little about the stock market to grasp this.
Just to make it clear, I haven't said that all publicaly traded companies lack intrinsic value, I have just said that those who doesn't give voting rights, nor pay dividends do (and this is due to share structure).
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:06:04
It's quite clear that I'm talking about the vast majority of stock traders, also known as the average Joe. Not some fringe cases 80s. I know that publically traded stock is bought out and made private all the time, but that's clearly not what I'm talking about here.
And to clarify, Snapchat is just an example of a stock you can buy which is no different than buying Bitcoins. It's not about Snapchat being a failing company, it's that the shares have no intrinsic value. Snapchat could be the most valuable stock in the world and this wouldn't change, because it has to do with the share structure of the company, and not whether Snapchat is failing or not. It's like saying you could make Bitcoin worthless by buying every Bitcoin in existence when it all coins finally are mined. It's just a stupid scenario to bring up.
And I'm saying buying stock on the hopes that they will sometime actually give you any value is nothing different than buying Bitcoins in the hopes of that they will be worth more in the future. You are not investing at this point, you are gambling with your money.
Bitcoin has no intrinsic value, and stocks where the shares has no voting rights and the company doesn't pay dividends has no intrinsic value. There's no debate about this.
Your own very example is proof of that. You are not buying anything of value, you are buying the hope that people will pay more for your shares in the future, because underlying assets in the company (which the share holders get **nothing** out of) will be worth more in the future. How do you not see that this is exactly the same as buying Bitcoins in the hope that they will be worth more in the future due to say, limited amount and higher usage?
There is no real value in having shares in a company which doesn't pay dividends (I'm even going to ignore voting rights, because very few people even cares about that).
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:40:02
They are not doing so by buying publically traded shares.
And whether people value stocks based on the annual reports is a completely different thing than intrinsic value of the shares. People value stocks based on annual reports because that shows that the company is wealthy. But a company which doesn't give you voting rights when buying shares, or pay dividends have no intrinsic value. It doesn't matter how wealthy the company is unless it never pays the fucking share holders. The only thing you are doing at this point is buying an asset (shares/bitcoins) in the hopes of that other people will be willing to spend more money on your asset in the future (or that the company will actually start paying dividends).
As I said, it takes two seconds to Google this extremely basic knowledge of the stock market.
Bitcoins and certain stock is exactly the same when it comes to investing money. Or investing is the wrong term, since what you're doing is closer to gambling.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:43:07
There are two things that give stock "value": dividends and voter rights.
And there are plenty of companies that doesn't give voting rights to share holders, nor pay dividends (Snapchat being a good example).
Buying stock like that is no different than buying Bitcoins. You are paying for ownership of something you hope people will pay more for in the future. It has no intrinsic value at all.
It doesn't matter that a company is breaking profit record after profit record, if it never pays out that profit to its share holders (dividends), and without voter rights, you have no way of influencing the company to actually ever give you any money.
You should probably read up on the stock market before you start acting like a bamboon.
@_date: 2017-10-31 21:46:10


No, and share holders are at the very, very bottom of this list. They get their piece of the cake when there is no other creditor around.
And with publicly traded shares, this means you get nothing in the vast majority of bankcruptcies, or they get a penny each (which very well is nothing).
Anyone ever buying shares in a company on the basis of what they can get out of a bankruptcy is a complete moron, and the valuation never considers this.
Because share holders never gets anything.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:35:13
No, because I don't care about the point. I'm saying this doesn't say why we need limited supply, something OP says it does.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:36:07
This doesn't say why we need limited supply.
At all.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:40:49
There are two things that give stock "value": dividends and voter rights.
And there are plenty of companies that doesn't give voting rights to share holders, nor pay dividends (Snapchat being a good example).
Buying stock like that is no different than buying Bitcoins. You are paying for ownership of something you hope people will pay more for in the future. It has no intrinsic value at all.
It doesn't matter that a company is breaking profit record after profit record, if it never pays out that profit to its share holders (dividends), and without voter rights, you have no way of influencing the company to actually ever give you any money.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:56:37
Yes, money is obviously valuable in this case.
As proven by every single monetary using country in the world.
Now, there may be actual arguments as to why you should use a limited supply currency over the current system in place in most countries, but to say that this picture is one of them is just plain stupid.
@_date: 2017-10-31 20:46:45
I'm not using some "greater fool" theory, I'm saying that people trade things (stocks and bitcoins) all the time without ever caring if that thing has any intrinsic value.
And you can't divvy up the last servers Snap is sitting on when no one wants to buy your shares. Your shares are worthless and you are getting nothing out of the company, because the shares doesn't actually give you right to influence the company, nor does shares ever give you any rights in a bankruptcy.
Snap is a highly speculative stock, but that's not why it has zero intrinsic value. It lacks that because a share has no other value than what the next person is ready to pay for it. Exactly as Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:37:29
Millions upon millions of people speculate on stocks without intrinsic value every day.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:42:52
This is copied from another answer:
There are two things that give stock "value": dividends and voter rights.
And there are plenty of companies that doesn't give voting rights to share holders, nor pay dividends (Snapchat being a good example).
Buying stock like that is no different than buying Bitcoins. You are paying for ownership of something you hope people will pay more for in the future. It has no intrinsic value at all.
It doesn't matter that a company is breaking profit record after profit record, if it never pays out that profit to its share holders (dividends), and without voter rights, you have no way of influencing the company to actually ever give you any money.
@_date: 2017-07-20 07:14:40
No one will seriously consider bitcoins until it stops being so extremely volatile.
And it won't stop being extremely volatile until things are started to be traded in bitcoin only.
It's a catch-22 moment.
@_date: 2017-06-17 06:55:07
The graph says nothing though. Bitcoin could very well go back to 0.001$ tomorrow, or it could skyrocket to $10.000.
Bitcoin are volatile in the way it functions.
@_date: 2017-06-10 19:56:58
Can't you just store your wallet on any random USB and encrypt it with TrueCrypt?