@_author: halbowitz
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:50:23
~~Like $4~~. Here is the directions my friend sent me.  obviously, ignore the locations like "The 7-11 near your house" as those don't apply to you.
Go to  and open an account. SAVE YOUR INFO. Your account will be a number, possibly memorable, but not for me.
Now that you are ready to buy and trade bitcoin, go to your Bitstamp account and login. Go to the Deposit page on your account and click the Bitinstant option. On the Bitinstant page choose the Cash Deposit to Bitstamp for the options. Enter your info in the form, you will need to enter your Bitstamp account number (should be 5 digits, at least mine is). On that page near the bottom is the Interactive Captcha, its easy to miss since it looks like and ad. Complete that before hitting Send Funds. It will bring you to a page where you can select where to deposit your cash via Moneygram. I use the 7-11 atm by your house,  Then I think it gives you the option to proceed or submit. Print out your deposit form, it will have all the account info on who to send it to (should be ZipZap Inc). Then take that info to wherever you are making the deposit. You will see the deposit amount is for 3.95 more than the actual amount, and thats because ZipZap also wants a cut on all transactions, so that is added onto the total deposit. You can use your debit card if you have the PIN at the ATM, otherwise go to the check cashing place. FYI, they will also charge you a "debit" fee too of a few bucks if you use them.
NOTE: If you use the the ATM option, be sure to use the "something BILL PAY" option, not the Send Money option for moneygram. They never told me that so my first transaction kept failing after I called them. Finally their extremely helpful staff that I could barely understand corrected me.
Once that transaction is complete in about 30-60 minutes you will see your money in USD in your BitStamp account. Once that is the case, go to Buy/Sell and choose to Buy Bitcoins. Enter the amount in USD to spend from your account and once you hit buy, an order is put on the market for someone to sell you bitcoins at the current market value. 15 minutes to several hours later, all your USD you said to spend should be gone and you should then have bitcoins instead.
Edit: looks like they charge 4% this way. Bitinstant does. Then zipzap takes $4., I think. So, if you deposit $250, in the end, they probably take like $10. 
Edit2: Sorry, it's not WU, its MoneyGram
Edit3: I just did a deposit. It cost about $14 in the end, to deposit $250.
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:03:52
Right now it's 49/16.
That's a 75% like.
I think maybe you jumped to conclusions before a fair amount of people had a chance to vote on the topic.
Edit: You said this less than 4 minutes after this was posted. haha. Wow.  Talk about jumping to conclusions and passing judgments. 
Way to label this community as biased and claim they don't want to hear facts after you didn't wait for the facts, only waited 4 minutes, to make your claims. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:14:03
This looks shady as hell. Only 2 reviews, and both of them are super positive? Sure. 
Also, coincidentally, you can't sign up to create an account to post?
How convenient. Guess those 2 awesome reviews will be all that people have to read. How sad for Bitinstant.
Edit: Wow, thanks for whoever sent me the Reddit Gold. Maybe I should post when I'm in a shitty mood more. Now im the 1%!!!! MWHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAhha (j/k). But really, thanks a ton!
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:40:49
Can you look into mine? 1b6597e2-f9ac-4890-ab87-f5e482ff6eb1
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:44:33
Fact! 
I have 2 transactions  stuck.  Ive posted about those [Here]( and [Here]( but I think I see what the problem is today. I mean, for the one transaction I tried doing today.
They have no money.
People are getting errors that say APIResponse: {"error": {"amount": ["You have only $65.04 available. Check your account balance for details."]}}
That was actually an error I got, then later on in their forum, the 'next' guy down says:
  "I received your automated order deposit e-mail, it stated the reason it didn't successfully transfer:
APIResponse: {"error": {"amount": ["You have only $17.03 available. Check your account balance for details."]}}
Sounds like you let your account run down too much?"
So, whatever way they fund their transfers of money is empty for one reason or another.
Do not use.
This post needs to be upvoted, because sadly, the only time Ive seen these guys actually fix this stuff in a timely manner is from people bitching on Reddit.
Edit: and the 'next' guy got the error of : APIResponse: {"error": {"amount": ["You have only $-47.04 available. Check your account balance for details."]}}
@_date: 2013-04-09 22:45:10
Well, its not 'their' atm. They are 'normal' ATMs that are everywhere, they just have more functions. A lot of the time they have a phone attached to them (although, not as much anymore as they want you to use your cellphone). They look like normal ATMS.. but they have a big touch screen. Mine happens to be in 7-11 near my house and i think its owned by Vocom (could be wrong on that part though). If you go to Bitinstant, and choose Deposit from ATM, it will give you locations near your house. Anyhow, those ATMs not only do ATM stuff, but you can do bill payments and other things as well.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:30:20
You can do bitinstant through a western union ATM terminal and do it all within an hour. From funding to having your bitcoins. That's how I started out.
And yes, you can do this through your debit card. Actually, you have to.
@_date: 2013-05-09 20:57:03
haha, this was a month ago. Thanks for trying to help me a month later.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:33:06
One of my 2 problems was that also. A Dwolla transfer to Bistamp. 
Money disappeared from Dwolla, never appeared at Bitstamp. 2+ days later, many emails, and no reply from them. 
But what do they care right? I mean, they make money on our money as long as they have it. No skin off their back.
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:53:12
Now I have another transfer borked by you guys.
And i LOVE how your website and emails say to contact you with problems.. but then the recording implores, almost yells at you, not to call unless its an emergency and to use your online live chat.
 Then, the phone just takes you to voicemail.. deadend.
Meanwhile, your "live Chat" that your voicemail tell you to use, isn't in operation past 5pm EST. Deadend.
AND, the email i sent to your support over a day ago, STILL hasn't even of been acknowledged. Deadend.
AND, the email that i was tricked into sending for your "Tell us your problem", for your live chat, that really just dumps you into a "Thanks for contacting us, we'll email you" (Deadend) (you could at least post your LIve chat hours.) , i get some weird truncated auto response that just has a couple half sentences of what I reported, from DEBUG WTF. Wow. Shady.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:38:22
The whole thing doesn't make sense to me. 
I mean, if i was making a box, that i'm trying to sell you. And I'm having you believe that you can pay me XXXX amount of money, and this box will generate XXX amount of money for you per day, and that the machine will pay for itself.
Why the heck would I sell that machine and not just plug it into the wall myself?
If i had a machine that made gold. I for sure wouldn't sell you that.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:24:09
They haven't fixed my issue. I'll report back here when they do. 
Edit: Wow, they messed up another transfer of mine.
Here is what I wrote to their representative on the other thread:
Now I have another transfer borked by you guys. 
And i LOVE how your website and emails say to contact you with problems.. but then the recording implores, almost yells at you, not to call unless its an emergency and to use your online live chat. Then, the phone just takes you to voicemail..  deadend.
Meanwhile, your "live Chat" that your voicemail tell you to use, isn't in operation past 5pm EST. Deadend.
AND, the email i sent to your support over a day ago, STILL hasn't even of been acknowledged. Deadend.
AND, the email that i was tricked into sending for your "Tell us your problem", for your live chat, that really just dumps you into a "Thanks for contacting us, we'll email you" (you could at least post your LIve chat hours.) , i get some weird truncated auto response that just has a couple half sentences of what I reported, from DEBUG  WTF.
Wow. Shady.
Edit: I don't think they [have money](  for the transactions. That along with the debug stuff.. wonder if something bad is afoot
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:38:37
This is all true. They 'took' my money nearly 24 hours ago and I have yet to hear back from them.
Stay away.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:19:45
As far as I can tell, right now they have [no money](
I could be spreading misinformation but that is what im reading into the errors some people are getting.
Follow yourself at their support [site](