@_author: halfcream
@_date: 2018-10-30 01:03:07
my job is to look out for human trafficking, money laundering, tax evasion, elder abuse, tax return fraud, business email compromise fraud, terrorist financing, etc. being facilitated through the banking system. so i don't believe i am part of any problem. i actually really love my job. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 00:48:43
i actually do really love my job. my personal focus is on individuals engaging in human trafficking, terrorist financing, money laundering, and the like. i don't pay much attention to the layperson dealing in crypto. 
we report on individuals using the banking system to facilitate crime (or engaging in suspicious activity that is indicative of crime). we are trained to know what that kind of activity looks like. it's because of the work people in my field do that people like Flynn and Manafort and Cohen are taking plea bargains.
i have crypto of my own. the fact is, like others have said, using a bank account means you're using the bank's money and services, not your own. criminals also use bank money to commit their nefarious acts.  don't want to be watched? don't use the bank. (my job is in place as a direct result of 9/11 and the fact that because banks didn't *have* to watch what people were using their money for, they didn't.) that's what crypto is all about anyway, right? you're never going to get the privacy you really want using a bank. 
@_date: 2018-10-28 15:21:40
can confirm. this is literally my job. i monitor (well, my team does) every single transaction that occurs in the financial institution and report to law enforcement any suspicious activity.  all our funds are watched if we have a bank account.
@_date: 2017-08-13 16:06:42
 this is an interesting thread.  I frequently have discussions with my husband about bitcoin and he very sweetly listens while admitting he has no idea what I'm talking about. but I'm the breadwinner and financial planner in our relationship. 
during the week I chat about it with my work husband,  and he yells about how angry he is that he didn't buy years ago. but he still hasn't started investing. 