@_author: halifyer
@_date: 2015-06-17 20:15:18
Don't assume everyone knows what you know. Please provide details if you're going to make such a bold statement.
@_date: 2015-06-15 18:26:45


This isn't a non-consensus hard fork. The fork only happens once consensus is achieved. Consensus is measured by the number of nodes running bitcoin-xt over x number of blocks. Basically, individuals vote *for* the fork by running bitcoin-xt. If not enough users run it, no fork happens.
@_date: 2015-06-17 16:25:34
It surprises me that claims to have not seen these qualifications before. I'm just a no-name bitcoin enthusiast who reads and I have been quite aware of them for weeks. Maybe longer. nullc is a core developer, right? So we have a core developer opposing Gavin's changes yet, until yesterday, didn't even understand the entirety of what he was opposing.
Also, that bit about Mike claiming he wants centralized checkpoints is more misunderstanding by nullc. Unless I missed something. But the only time I've heard Mike talk about these checkpoints is when he was asked about a worse-case-scenerio wherein the Chinese miners intentionally corrupted the bitcoin network and we'd have to implement these checkpoints to get around them and force them off the network. It is a scenario that is very unlikely to happen, but those opposing the change ran with this, took it out of context, twisted it, and posted it in the community forums. And apparently nullc bought it without question. That's concerning.
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:46:23
Bitcoin XT will contain no extra code for centralized checkpoints. You are not being fair. He is not trying to force anything. In your linked video he is talking about a possible way of correcting a hypothetical worse case scenario. The odds of that actually happening are slim to none. There are equally, if not worse hypothetical worse case scenarios by remaining indecisive and not raising the block limit.
@_date: 2015-06-19 15:12:10
So you were getting about 115 kilabits up, not 1 megabit. Are you suggesting that the propagation of the blocks back to your mining node caused the unexpected latency in your connection? Can you elaborate? I would expect that to only affect your download speed, not upload. Does your mining node re-upload the same block to the same nodes twice? That would seem unnecessary.
@_date: 2015-06-18 14:48:02
That's a matter of perspective. Others in the bitcoin community could argue that the core devs are sabotaging bitcoin by not allowing a block size increase. The core dev's concerns have been voiced and the only people who think they are valid enough to stop the block size increase are a small group of technical people whom they themselves have deemed to have a worthwhile opinion, while ignoring the greater community who is mostly in favor of the increase.