@_author: hallogan
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:26:08
Does that mean we valued freedom more before we passed the Civil Rights Act than we do post-CRA? That would be an interesting position to defend.
@_date: 2015-04-07 19:38:59


So your position is that, had the Civil Rights Act not been passed, the state of race relations today would be as good as or better than it is having passed the law?
@_date: 2015-04-07 19:51:13


Look how many people were eager to support Chick-Fil-A to reward them for their CEO's anti-gay behavior. If your scenario were to come to pass the support for it would come out of the woodwork. I'm glad you presumably live in an area where the public would vote with their wallets, but I personally don't believe that applies across the country.
Regardless, you don't have to be right or wrong. But we should all be aware of what exactly your and Rand Paul's libertarian utopia looks like when discussing social issues. Everyone who casts a ballot needs to know exactly what they're voting for, so by all means keep arguing in favor of racial equality through legalized segregation even though Paul wants to distance himself from it.
@_date: 2015-04-07 14:51:10
The article left out his foot-in-mouth disease from stating that he opposes the section of the Civil Rights Act that makes it illegal for private businesses to refuse service based on race. He's all about "liberty" and "freedom" but once you get past platitudes you realize that the scale is skewed heavily in favor of the "freedom" to put up a White People Only sign. Not so much the freedom to go to a sandwich shop and have the reasonable expectation that the proprietor of said establishment will make you a sammich in exchange for physical or virtual currency regardless of the color of your skin. His response of course would be "I'm not a racist" (which is likely true) but don't worry because "the market will decide" whether or not racist establishments keep their doors open. Just like it (ahem) did in the 60's.
Just because a candidate accepts BTC and talks about how bad government is *when his party isn't running it* doesn't necessarily indicate an affinity for actual personal liberty. Rand Paul doesn't stand for "Freedom For All" but rather he stands for "Freedom For Us". 
@_date: 2015-04-07 17:15:01
Thankfully, you're a minority in that regard as well. Has what we've had for the last fifty years really been so bad?