@_author: halloweencheese
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:31:43
So I just wanted to add my two cents. I just signed up for cex.io yesterday because I was trying desperately to buy more XRP at sub dollar prices (total fail btw) and needed to get USD converted to altcoin in a hurry. 
I went with cex.io because their limits on cards are higher than most. Sign up ID verification and card validation all went smoothly. 
That being said, if you have the time to avoid these dudes then please do so. I am sure, as in these very threads cex.io likes to point out, they list their fees on their site. However, after I used my credit card to buy $3,000 USD after which I exchanged it for ethereum. Going from USD to ETH they charged me $196 in total fees. So, if you do the math I got nailed with a 6.54% transaction fee. Their site lists ETH/USD fees at:
ETH/USD	 	0.25%(taker)	0.16%(maker) 
So, complete and utter under-handedly shady dealings going on over on their site. 
Beyond this, if you watch their BTC/ETH prices they are always far more than any other exchange or listing on the net. I bought ETH there at a price of $908. At the same time coinmarketcap.com listed ETH at $868 and coinbase.com had ETH buy price at $838. I understand there is variance between the exchanges, plus buy and sell prices, etc., but come on! I checked again on their home page, and again they are listing coin prices much, much higher than any other exchange I have found.
Grand total after I finally transferred my ETH out, I was out $500 USD, (this not including the $100+ fee I incurred via my USD buy-in for the day). So, by the time I had my newly purchased ETH transferred over to an exchange that traded for the coin I wanted I had lost 17% of the original $3000.
Basically, they either are at best negligent or, it seems, more likely crooked (the mother fuckers are located in the former Soviet bloc, where this double speak business style is par for the course). So, unless you really need the money--on top of all the other shit I am now reading about today--I would recommend avoiding this shit show of an exchange at all costs. Fuck cex.io.
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:14:08
Found some clarification on how they justify eating up peoples money:
Still buyer beware, there are better options out there.