@_author: halogenfi
@_date: 2013-05-23 06:13:22
I'm not a lawyer either, but oof, this is terrible advice. I'm upvoting it because I think this is an important dialogue.
If you're paying an attorney, listen to them. If your lawyer can't clearly explain the risks and have a dialogue with you about the action you'll take in their context, then get a new lawyer. If your lawyer is just telling you not to act but not discussing your options, you're asking the wrong questions.
If you can't afford to comply with the law because you're not a big enough company or don't have enough money, don't risk jail time or failure of your hard work. Like it or not, these laws are written for big companies with plenty of money, not your really cool but underfunded startup. You can be unhappy about it, but it's not likely to change soon. And don't operate outside the bounds of the law "just for a while" until you can afford to get your registrations: you can be prosecuted once you're registered if you were operating illegally before.
I agree with the ultimate message: get smart and make your own decision. But follow the law, for all of our sakes. Operating outside the bounds of any clearly defined law just creates more front-page headlines about the government seizing assets and raining down on us. 
@_date: 2013-05-23 05:58:02
Fascinating article. 
Certainly it seems like a long term risk as technological innovations in mining produce unanticipated consequences. I would say that one of bitcoin's main advantages to the first world in the short term is the low transaction fees, and therefore the miners would be ill-served by taking away that competitive advantage. Liquidity, creating valuation increases, will make them wealthier than taking their gains through transactions. But as the currency's valuation against fiat currencies stabilizes due to global adoption (over the very long term), mining profits will stabilize through technological convergence on a limit. 
Imagine the publicly traded mine approaching the end of their fiscal quarter: transactions fees will be their only short-term profit lever.
While I find that no one in r/bitcoin want to hear about other virtual currencies in this forum, this article seems to support a) competition amongst virtual currencies and b) virtual currencies where these types of mining oligopolies are much harder to achieve (anything that is ASIC-resistant, like scrypt).