@_author: hambonewilly
@_date: 2018-03-13 21:04:55
Could not agree more. The game has changed. IMO, anyone who thinks BTC is going to miraculously jet to $15 or $20K isn't paying attention. With all the new institutional money, and especially the hedge fund managers that hold tons of coins and go long and short every damn day, BTC is likely to hold between $8K and $12K for a couple years. Why would they change things up? They are making BANK right now in a system with minimal market cap that can be easily controlled. If you want to make money NOW you need to learn how to trade.
@_date: 2018-03-13 20:44:10
Crypto market is around $350B. Global stock markets are around $73T. Compare the volatility in each. That's your answer. 
@_date: 2018-03-08 03:39:32
This isn't about FUD, it's about professional traders trading - buy low, sell high. I don't know why so many people continue with their HODL ideal. That might have worked for the first 8 years, but crypto, just like everything else, changes. The rise in December was the breaking point for most of the financial sector. They finally "got it" and they have poured in. What does that mean? It means we have hundreds, if not 1000s of hedge fund managers in this now, people who are extremely risk adverse and who control significant amounts of capital (i.e. they can make the market move). They buy BTC at $9k and they sell at $11k. If they control just a 1000 BTC (which is EXTREMELY conservative) they just made $2MM for their clients. Why the hell would they HODL?!? They are fine with playing that $2k gap from here until the market gets big enough that most of them can't move it anymore (i.e. that's when it gets into the tens of trillions). BTC is not going to $20k this year, in fact I'd be surprised if it hits $15k. If you HODL in the market how it is now you're better off just unfollowing groups like this, putting your BTC and whatever else coins you have on some offline hardware and coming back in 10 years. It's a waste of your time and everyone else's to keep screaming HODL when all that's going to amount to is you seeing your portfolio increase by $2k one week and being down $2k the next (rinse and repeat). You have to play their game or just seal everything up, leave and come back in a decade and tell us how rich you are because you held.  I'm sorry to tell you this, but if you don't want to trade you're probably not going to make jack s%$t this year, or next, or next. I'm not saying you shouldn't throw some $'s into this coin or that coin on dips and keep building, but the cold hard truth, just like in the tech boom, is that most of these coins aren't going to make it, and (spoiler alert) BTC probably won't either. It's King now...and so was IBM. Who the hell is going to wait around for 15 minutes waiting for their coffee at Starbucks while their BTC transaction processes especially when there are dozens of other coins designed to do it faster with lower fees? Things change, so should you.
@_date: 2018-03-08 04:29:41
I absolutely believe in that maxim, but if you're in the game then you've got money...in the game. If current trends hold with $2-$3k rises followed by a mirrored "crash" happening even every 4 weeks instead of the 3 in 5 weeks, you could turn $10k into ~100k this year. If you HODL, you'll most likely have what you started with. This isn't a judgement of you personally. I don't know you and you may be the hardest working MF on this subreddit, but to me HODLing is just a lazy way of saying, "I have a little bit of money, I don't want to do anything, now make me rich." It might work, it certainly did in December of 2017, but I don't want to risk my money on what happened in the past. I believe what I've outlined above is the way things are going to go, and I still want to make money, so I have to adapt or I'm going to get boned, and frankly I'm tired of getting boned. I'm going to do everything I can to try and turn my little nest egg into a lot more of a nest egg by December 2018. I just don't think HODLing is going to make that happen.
@_date: 2018-03-18 05:01:58
I believe what you're saying has merit, whether it's banks or independent whales or whatever, there is definitely an organized attempt to bring prices down. However, where you f$&amp;ked up is by giving in. You don't lose until you sell out. This market WILL rebound - driving this to zero doesn't make any sense for those deplorable people you mentioned. Bringing it down to make it extremely inviting to new potential investors, however, does make sense. Whoever is driving this will eventually drive it up. Right now they are focused on driving out weak hands, and you and people like you are EXACTLY the kind of person they are going after right now. Maybe you got in at BTC=$2000. If so, then I can't really grind on you to hard, but my gut feeling is that you took a loss. If so, you failed the test. I don't cling to the whole HODL thing, but in times like this you ABSOLUTELY HODL. If you don't you're just bowing down to the people you just ranted about. They can't take your money if you don't give to them...and you just did. Can't pat that on the back.