@_author: hamdisonay
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:24:36


Though I don't know what lessons you were referring to. But as I've tried to convey, the Greek situation is different. There's currently no on-ramp to move money into the conventional banking system. In the terminology often used for other efforts, the governments has created a void. Apparently, the greeks are filling the void with piece of store scrip or something. Bitcoin could fill the void, and fill it for good. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:14:22
You're missing the point. If the Greek situation stays as it is, the Greek financial system is essentially isolated from the rest of the worlds banking system. Therefore, they would find their own bitcoin price for everything. 
You don't need enough bitcoin to replace all of their fiat deposits. You just need to give everyone the ability to participate in commerce again. Giving everyone bitcoin does this. It doesn't matter how much bitcoin. You just need enough to get to everyone, that way everyone figures out how to use it. Then, it becomes possible to pay for X with bitcoin, because everyone has it. Then, the proprietor of store Y that accepted bitcoin to sell X can now pay their customers with bitcoin. These customers can then spend their bitcoin at some other store. Etc.
This bail out would essentially equate to the Greek people abandoning their fiat money - therefore, the valuation of the bitcoin necessary for this effort is moot. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:18:21
... except the Greeks can not interact with the international financial sector right now... so they would sell their newly acquired bitcoin for.... Euro? Where would they sell it? Online? And then transfer their Euro to their bank account which has been taken over by their government?
Or are they going to sell their bitcoin for USD? And keep it in their paypal account? Which doesn't even work?
Look - the powers that be have essentially created the best environment for bitcoin in Greece - an environment that discourages exchanging bitcoin for fiat. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 11:25:59
I realized that there is an easier route - just distribute bitcoin to all the employers in Greece... of course they'd have to agree to pay their employees with bitcoin and not hoard, but....
@_date: 2015-07-05 04:32:15
It doesn't matter. They would find their own price for bitcoin over there. There would be a different Greek value for bitcoin compared to the rest of the world (for a time).
If it is known that everyone has the same amount of bitcoin, it creates the market. 
@_date: 2015-07-05 04:33:47
If bailing out Greece with bitcoin would jumpstart their economy and liberate the citizens of an entire nation from capital controls?
The ROI would be ridiculous, because people would finally understand the value of bitcoin, and the rest of your bag would get a lot heavier. 