@_author: hammered
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:20:24
They are only "gains" if you cash out. 
It's entirely possible bitcoin will not exist in a few years, despite how religious people are about it. It's impossible to predict the crypto landscape. For all I know a quantum computer could break encryption tomorrow and make it all beyond worthless, or Satoshi could start cashing out his wallets, plenty of things could fuck bitcoin irreparably.
@_date: 2018-01-17 22:08:47
I half agree. Technical analysis is not a prediction of the future however, it's just an indicator of a potential future. You certainly don't need to trust it, but you should consider and understand the various indicators before discounting all of them. 
However, as for measuring sentiment, bitcoin price matches nearly 1:1 with google trends, which is effectively a measurement of sentiment.
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:36:46
Actually it's very different from stocks, because stocks represent an ownership stake in a company. Bitcoin isn't backed by any concept of true value. The price is pure speculation.
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:45:44
I find this attitude funny. If you knew what you were doing you would have cashed out at 20k, and bought back in at 11k (or maybe lower, who knows how far down it'll go).
Being a long term Hodler doesn't make you smart, it makes you arrogant enough to lose out on the benefit of a real, personal win. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:38:23
It was super obvious that 20k was at least the short term limit. Everyone that I know who trades and understands indicators was screaming this at the top of their lungs that it was going to crash and stop shooting for the stars at least for a while.
Edit: Ok, maybe the exact value was a mystery (honestly, I didn't know the max). What I did know is that the upward trajectory in that time frame would inevitably hit a wall. It did hit the wall, and smart people had like two weeks to cash out with good returns. 
@_date: 2018-08-14 22:32:16
It's applying a logarithmic scale where it just looks like it makes sense and optimistic.
It obviously is not, or the value would rapidly out surpass the global economy.
This is just an optimistic looking coincidence.
@_date: 2018-08-14 22:33:49
Yeah, in 40 years, bitcoin will be worth more then the worlds economy by a large margin /s
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:10:37
I didn't come here to discuss the flaws of PHP, if you want that, goto or any of the other thousands of blogs that discuss the joke that is PHP.
I specifically chose not to use PHP for the project, despite the fact that I spent 10 years programming PHP? Strange isn't it. I chose Java for specific reasons. 
If you think Java from 10 years ago is the same as modern Java, you clearly don't know Java. I choose it because I can provide even greater portability and accessibility then PHP. You just run one application and your websites are running, your database is in place, everything is done. You don't need a LAMP stack or any other stack. It is the full stack. 
Anyone could get started in it, even your average PHP programmer.
@_date: 2015-05-12 19:45:40
Because of licensing. If I want to release it under a dual license, I need to own the copyright to all my work. Once others contribute, it closes that door for me, unless all contributors agree to every licensing decision.
I could release permissively, but I want very strong copyright ownership and licensing capability, and the only way I can do that is if I do the work myself or pay others to do it.
10k, really is for a GPL release, where the community finishes it. The Money will go to the time it takes to polish and publish everything for a public release, it would take a few months to build a community and prepare the source for release. To build it extensively, I need a lot more then 10k.
Edit: I don't know why I even get into these threads. The way Sanswork ask's "what difference 10k will make if you haven't done it so far" is a pretty rude question. I invested a lot of time and money into the project, and can't really afford to continue it full time. I can get a job, but then I don't have the time. That's why I need money now, and why I didn't ask for money 3 years ago. However, I've pretty much provided all the polish, security and stability I need to run the project for myself and my own indie endeavors.
@_date: 2015-05-13 15:11:52
the AGPL is not business friendly, I'm aware of that. My commercial license will be business friendly. As copyright holder, I can release under 8,000,000 licenses if I want. 
Magento, OpenCMS, Drupal, Wordpress all PREDATE the AGPL. Likely they would have all been AGPL, it was created because of a loophole in the copyleft provisions of GPL with SaaS software. 
I'm not "bending" the license. I'm offering AGPL, and if someone doesn't like it, I'm also offering a commercial license for Businesses. Do you understand. There is two licenses. One copyleft, and one copyright. That is how it's business friendly, businesses pay money.
You don't seem to understand dual licensing concept at all. I suggest you read up on it, and then it'll make sense why I'm choosing the most copyleft license as the default foss license. 
Particularly I'm working towards a Single Vendor Open Source model, here is a quote
"Single-vendor commercial open source firms build their business around an open source software project that they fully control, typically by having developed the software and never having shared control with third parties. This is done by owning the full copyright to the code and related intellectual property such as patents and trademarks... Typically, the free open source form is provided under a reciprocal license like the GPL to drive adoption but stall possible competitors. Paid-for versions of the software are then provided under a commercial license like traditional software vendors do. This is also known as the dual-license strategy of commercial open source.[8]"
Let's be clear, this has been my strategy for years, and it's very well researched and established model. I don't need "lawyers" to explain the repercussions of things that are well established. The point of the kickstarter was to try and get Apache or other permissive license to users, but seen that won't work, the AGPL and traditional dual licensing it is.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:22:21
Also, I explained maybe 30 times a key differentiating feature. I have Java Client Libraries and a Android Client, all under the same roof/control.
Which of your 2002 GPL based CMS's has a ready-made app, ready to plug into the ready-made JSON based RESTFul API? Oh they all just offer websites? that's so sad....
@_date: 2015-05-12 21:00:24
Well, if it's AGPL then people can take it and use it for whatever, and if they want to close up then they can license.
Primarily though, it'll just be a subscription based SaaS, and I'll just use it for my own projects. 
I would have preferred to release under Apache, but it's not a smart strategic move of me to release so much code for free under such a permissive license. That's what the crowdfunding was intended to do, in order to allow the community to get better licensing and support.
@_date: 2015-05-12 19:42:32
Fair Question, this is the best I can answer right now.
Shopify isn't opensource, or free.
OsCommerce, OpenCart (and wordpress and drupal) are all Strict GPL PHP solutions without multi-licensing support, so I think they are not business friendly (they are to use, but not to extend in a for-profit way). I want a solution that businesses don't hesitate to adopt as a foundation, and the GPL can be seen as a burden towards that. Also, I give no points to PHP, it's over-used and under-quality compared to more robust solutions. I support a templating language for the web similar to PHP but without the need for complex scope or platform security concerns, especially in regards to new programmers.
Can't speak for JBilling, but it seems like it's a subset of the features, it's probably a very good billing system, but mine has a CMS and a API built in, as well as support for multiple organizations.
As for anything Ebay has, then you are just working with giant 3rd parties and somewhat defeats the purpose or ability to function independently.
@_date: 2015-05-13 03:28:10
I just didn'T feel like discussing or keeping the thread open anymore today. I may repost after the source is online.
People made good points and I'm allowed to take a step back before I take steps forward.
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:27:24
Magento has the same issue as others I've mentioned. GPL Licensed PHP. All the main solutions are GPL Licensed PHP. I don't really like those solutions, just my choice.
I am working on other communities and channels too, just the bitcoin integration is a interesting feature and I need to advertise where I can. I'm just a single person, building something big isn't easy. Spreading the word is incredibly difficult, even when the feedback is overwhelmingly positive usually.
LGPL is only partially business friendly, as a library, however if you modify the core source needs to be released. However your notes about the GPL are correct, I'd probably release with the AGPL at the lowest tier because of that source requirement. However, I feel that sort of thing is in violation of the spirit of the GPL, and wouldn't chose to build a closed source solution on the GPL just because I don't intend to distribute it. I also feel the problem isn't so much the GPL, but PHP, which is a grossly over-used language on the web.
For people who just want to have a store, they can use the SaaS hosting, and for that it's easy to use, responsive and flexible. But still could be better, obviously, or I wouldn't be trying to crowdfund.
What my solution provides is a way to start small on a hosted solution, and scale up to the enterprise with support for apps and api's out of the box. Most other solutions either have tacked on API's, or 3rd party client tools, etc. There aren't many fully integrated solutions, and you don't have to manage this yourself, it just becomes a option if you scale.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:12:46
You keep moving the goal post which makes you annoying to explain things to. 
The general consensus is that PHP is the shittiest mainstream language out there. You can fight that consensus all you want, but people like Facebook who use PHP have modified it so in depth that it can barely even be called PHP anymore.
If you want to defend all these platforms on what is pretty much unanimously the shittiest mainstream language, then by all means. Doesn't mean everything built on it is shit, but it's not a good foundation.
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:39:35
Seriously, just fuck off. What is your point? Quit doing what I'm doing because others have done it before? License more permissively because others do? 
I made the shit, I built it, I'm going to run my business however I see fucking fit. There is not contradictions. It's my software, my business, my choice.
You keep yelling about how CMS A supports X, or CMS B supports Y. You don't understand that I don't give a shit. I built my own, for my own fucking projects. Because my evalutations of those 50 CMS's, that all existed in 2010 when I started, decided they were all unacceptable for my uses and goals.
If you have a problem with the fact that I like to build my own software, go eat a bag of dicks. You have zero say in how I run my business, or what I decide to do with my software.
@_date: 2015-05-12 19:59:42
Whether I let people contribute to the master branch or not doesn't affect it as FOSS. I want people to fork it and create specialized branches to specific industries, while I maintain and build the core. People would get downstream changes.
I suppose if I were to take commits in the future, I'd have them sign a licensing agreement.
It might look like a carrot and it is, but the fact is that I built something that took a long time, and would cost a lot of time and money to do yourself. In the end it will have open source and free releases. If you want to call that closed source, so be it, but there are plenty of open source projects that don't take public contributions openly.
The current market is polluted with PHP based GPL solutions that are not suitable for a wide range of projects. I want to make something that's disruptive, but it's not charity. If people want it fast-tracked to the open source community, they can choose to pay for it. If it doesn't get funded, I'll just move at my own pace, I'm just hoping that people would want to accelerate this sort of project.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:33:28
You are just addicted to justification. You can find evidence in whatever you believe, no matter how stupid are crazy. Keep looking for evidence. I linked something with orders of magnitudes of more answers and comments/votes then yours. There was at least 2000+ votes on the question and answers, and 5 pages of answers.
Yours has 2 people commenting and is a tiny little bubble in comparison. Ever heard of sample size?
You know what language ISN'T in that 5 page shittiest language list. Java. At least the link is broken and I don't see it in the answers.
Not only that, Java is more prevalent in Open Source, as demonstrated by Github
I hope that PHP drops every year until it's something we've forgotten about.
@_date: 2015-05-12 22:57:52
It could support those things in the future. The support is rudimentary but can be expanded pretty easily.
@_date: 2015-05-14 20:19:58
Well if you rely on 3rd parties, it defeats the purpose of bitcoin because they have reporting standards. I don't encourage grey markets, but theoretically if you wanted to run one, you'd need something like this.
That is why I posted it here in the first place.
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:23:45
My god, my brand new thing isn't recommended yet? 
My shit is built on Java 8, it has websockets, push messaging, modern design patterns like dependency injection, unit testing, integration testing, observer patterns, real time communication, fully decoupled UI, JSON Apis, the list goes on and on.
My platform puts most of those other platforms to shame. It's NOT a simple ecommerce, cms, API. it's essentially multi-domain and SaaS as well. It's designed around serving multiple clients. Not one off forks of technology that will slow go out of date. 
It's so people can make wordpress.com themselves, and improve it on the daily basis for all their customers without breaking a sweat.
So keep on comparing me to the legacy, but obviously I don't get recommended because my shit isn't even released yet, and it's not going to go anywhere if I listen to people with attitudes like you.
This isn't a personal pet project, it's meant as direct competition to all those things you mentioned or referred. I knew they existed before I started. I took the best from every single one of them, and followed the best practices and patterns the modern industry offers, which is a LOT different then 2003 php era.
Not everyone wants your unsolicited advice or cares for it. "get a lawyer" is shitty advice, it just shows you didn't know what you were talking about, so you didn't have valuable input for me to begin with. I've done my homework and your insistence that I haven't is annoying as shit.
@_date: 2015-05-14 20:26:55
I've been to busy arguing for the past few days to release it.
I have to remove everything proprietary, passwords and such. I'm then going to split out Inventory and Transactions for the free edition, and tier it into free/commercial editions. The free edition should be enough to get someone started, and easily upgraded to the commercial license when they are ready.
I'm going to try and make the licenses cheap and accessible, like a fixed flat one time fee to start. I might change it later as most companies like this scale to the organization/sale.
I'm going to readdress it online once the source is available.
Someone else already pointed out they weren't going to support it unless source was available, and called my intentions insincere, that I was trying to fundraise for closed source.
The truth is, that I always intentioned to go dual license, and was trying to crowdsource to encourage people to accelerate it. I was using licensing as a carrot, but people aren't attracted to the carrot of permissive licensing, so I'm going to deliver on my lowest tier (agpl) asap and get the code out there. 
Then if by some miracle the crowdfunding hits one of the more permissive licenses, I'll release under that.
@_date: 2015-05-12 23:18:23
I think you need to look deeper before jumpint to conclusions.
My problem with the GPL for server products is that lawyers went up and found a loophole to get around source distribution of the original intentions based on the SaaS model.
If I do a source release, it will be AGPL because it supports the copyleft and forces that ecosystem. I'll offer dual licensing for those who don't want to be copyleft.
When someone takes a GPL piece of code and modifies it and doesn't release the code because of a technicality in the license, that's not copyleft and it's not in the spirit of the license. Hence, AGPL is more left then GPL which is more left then MIT/Eclipse/BSD/Apache.
I know my license speak, that's why I'm releasing AGPL, because it's copyleft. If businesses want to adopt it in a copyright manner, they can pay for those licenses.
Edit: I think the misunderstanding here is copyright and not license. A lot of projects have split copyright, but a single license. Contributors by default own their contributions and if they do so under a license that's the only license that applies to it.
Many of the large PHP GPL suites out there do not support dual licensing, because of the politics behind the GPL. However, many projects support Dual Licensing, where they offer code under a open source license and a commercial license for special usage. The reason they can do that is because they hold copyright as a single entity.
Since I built the project myself, I am afforded special rights, including the ability to license it under any licenses I want.
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:10:04
Nothing is contradicting. I have my model, and don't give a shit about everyone else. 
Let's be clear, this conversation should be over. I'm not going to change my opinion, and it doesn't matter. Since this discussion started, I accepted a 6 months contract at lawyer levels of payment, and I'm just going to bankroll doing it commercially.
You still don't understand dual licensing. I don't think you'll ever understand dual licensing. If you did, you would understand why the AGPL makes the most sense for my project as ONE of the TWO licenses.
The other license could be as much as a $250 one time use fee, my marketing strategy hasn't been decided or revealed, other then there will be a commercial license with perks. If you don't like it, don't buy it, don't use it. If you don't like the licenses, don't fucking use it. I don't use software that I don't like the license of.
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:03:20
Yes, and what if your competition could update all their clients from one place. 
My intention was to build a industry customizable multi-domain sass. It's not just a CMS you shit on some client. No doubt it works, it's not a maintanable model. You can't update everything centrally.
So sure, works good for you, but the model is broken and I'm going to crush it. I've seen so many companies like yours that pawn off open source stuff like crack to willing businesses, but you are hardly doing them any good.
If you made projects, you should have been the first to put towards my funding, a apache or mit licensed CMS supporting multi-domain and multi-organization with integrated bitcoin support, etc. Exactly what the industry needs.
My solution doesn't require forking and branching like your solution, so it's exponentially simpler to scale. I've seen so many companies fail because of the growth incurred from maintening a bunch of legacy forks and branches.
And, yes, I aim to be better then all of those competition, but everything needs to start somewhere. Mine has benefits, if you read my materials and went over my pages and my kickstarter I'm sure your smart enough to figure it out.
I built my stuff specifically because of how much of a burden your business model is. I can give websites AND apps, at 1/1000th the effort of most of those solutions. You could have a website and app tied to it, both customized, in a hour. I could improve your app and your website for you, in the background, centralized on the platform. Updates to the apps and libraries automatically yield new versions for all clients.
Good luck with your legacy solutions. I'm sure they'll maintain pace well into the future.
@_date: 2015-05-13 17:11:10
First of all, companies won't be suing me, and I'm not going to randomly enforce things. I'm going to try and make legit and clean sales and not just be some fucking sue the company lawyer guy. 
Secondly, the AGPL exists because of abuses in the GPL in things like wordpress and such, which can't change their license now, because they already license under the more permissive GPL. They can't change it, it's to late. New projects are recommended to take the AGPL if they touch the network, that's how you support the copyleft community, by forcing the conditions. I'll talk to a lawyer when I need to worry about a violation, but for now they aren't a plan of my business model.
If a company uses something internally and doesn't get caught, good for them. I don't really care. I'd probably give them a commercial license for dirt cheap if it was internal use.
Your argument that I should use more permissive licenses because it's better that I just let people have it for free is stupid, that way I can't sue them. It's a horrible option to be able to enforce my rights, I might as well waive them. /sarcasm
The AGPL is very copy left so it encourages community adoption, the AGPL community has to share and distribute their code, which is beneficial to everyone in the community. There is a reason the AGPL is the recommended license for all Copyleft software that touches the network now. It didn't exist when these PHP/GPL solutions came out. It came out specifically because of abuses with SaaS style models, I'd be a idiot to not release under the AGPL.
What I am trying to do is make my source available so people can start for free, and if they want to be commercial they can pay, if they want to be community driven that is their option too. It doesn't alienate anyone but the people who want more for free, and as a business, I don't care about those people, I'm giving enough for free.
To top it off, my stuff is built on modern technologies. Most the things listed, in fact, all the things listed, are based on dated technology. Mine is meant to be a foundation for all electronic business, not just a crappy disposable website based on a CMS that was initially concieved in 1999. I want to see PHP die, I want to help put it in the ground.
@_date: 2015-05-12 17:15:13
Well, if it get's funded, it'll get released open source in the near future, and if it's permissive enough you can take it and do whatever the hell you want with it.
I want people to take it and specialize it to specific industries, at least that's the long term vision.
Regardless of the kickstarter, it might get open sourced eventually, but the outcome will impact time frames significantly.
@_date: 2015-05-13 23:57:43
You like contradicting yourself. You said yourself "so they will fork at the last version that was GPL and rename it to SentenceFactory"
They can't do that to me, you understand right? If I release my new code under the AGPL, they can't just "fork a older version" or "relicense under the GPL".
The intention of those GPL platform was the same as the intention of the AGPL. The platforms are stuck GPL now even if people wanted to change because of the reasons you described. Because of loopholes in the GPL, it makes the GPL about the same risk as Apache. I'm not going to choose a CopyLeft license that allows copyright via a loophole. That defeats the entire point of the GPL.
If I want AGPL, I have to choose it now and today, or I risk dividing the community and losing my base. You explained it yourself.
I'm surprised you don't get it. I need to make money, if I just release under Apache I might get adoption, but I won't get any $$$, and I'll have 0 revenue streams except easily over-run SaaS that any big company could steal my code, improve and kick me out of my own market.
All those platforms would be AGPL if the creators knew about loopholes in the GPL. I don't fucking care if other platforms are GPL or permissively licensed, I'm not in the business of doing big business favors. If that slows adoption that's fine with me.
I offered, through my kickstarter, the ability to permissively license this, and nobody showed any interest, so I'm not going to permissively license it. End of fucking story. Wheres your pledge for a Apache or Mit release? Didn't think so buddy.
Also, businesses with money have no problem licensing good code that solves their problems. Not everyone is looking for the cheapest, most permissive solution.
Edit: I think what you don't understand is that I can release AGPL code, but not be subject to it myself. You still seem to not grasp dual licensing and that the copyright holder can use their code under any conditions. My chosing to release AGPL bears absolutely no effect on the code my service runs, even if it's shared. 0 Impact on me. Only impacts people outside. You understand that right? I don't have to post modifications or share my closed source changes, only other people do, UNLESS they pay. The license does not apply to me, I just run the code I own, I don't need a license.
Let's break down the licenses for you from left to right, because you don't seem to get it at all.
AGPL - Strict copyleft for provisions PROTECTING SaaS changes on the Copyleft
GPL -Strict Copyleft with Loopholes for SaaS (not intentional)
LGPL - CopyLeft that permissively allows linking in non CopyLeft projects
Apache/Mit/BSD/WTFPL - Permissive licenses that offer code with little restrictions, do not require source distribution. Usually just requires appending license and attribution.
I gave people a chance to do Permissive, but there is NO BUSINESS THERE FOR ME, It's a empty wasteland where I hope to get donations and I work fruitlessly while big companies leech off my life forces.
The politics of this mean that I have 0 incentive to release permissively. Not as a savvy business person. All other licenses in my software space provide 0 protection besides the AGPL. It's the only Copyleft license compatible with my model. I'm not copyleft if I don't release on the AGPL, open source sure, but I could never enforce it in any way.
@_date: 2014-10-22 23:58:06
Thanks, I got your coins. 
I'll probably do something to mitigate that refreshing, maybe only refresh a iframe, refresh over ajax, put a timer, and/or increase time between refreshes.
I know push is the ideal, and I'm going to try and do it with my app, websockets on the sites like this haven't really been considered yet, so no push to website, so I need to poll or manually refresh.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:26:08
Go read the stack overflow post I linked, on the "shittiest language" poll, PHP trumped the poll with over double the votes of the next one down.
I guess the folk at stack exchange are a bunch of idiots though.
If Java sucks so bad, why does google use it for shitloads of things, and Android. Not to mention, IBM and all the other enterprise level companies. Let's not forget how C# is just a copy of Java and it's one of the other most-used platforms, and Javascript which had nothing to do with JAVA mooched of the name for fame. But hey, keep using your kiddy scripting language. It's really the best choice out there. The choice of champions!
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:31:23
Listen, I don't really care. That should be obvious. I don't care what the competition does. I don't like PHP frameworks. I'm sure lots of other people dislike PHP frameworks.
If you like them, good for you. Please use them. I'm sure that amongst the 8000 other platforms out there, I will share commonalities. Facebook is PHP, Gmail is Java. It's not about the language. it's about the patterns and techniques used in software development. PHP inhibits good patterns because it's a shit language. You can argue that you don't like Java, but it's a lot less shit of a language then PHP. My websites and templates aren't written in Java, they are written in a template language, like PHP.
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:14:39
Let's try and make this clear.
The crowdfunding will dictate what license and when it will be open sourced, IF successful.
If not successful, it may be open source in the future, when I decide my strategy. I'm attempting to allow the community to decide the strategy best for them. If I get funded, that funding will essentially sell it to the community under the licenses they want to use, and ensure it continues to get developed and maintained.
You call it sleazy, but I don't see it. I think people who feel entitled to the hard work of another are sleazy. I'm just working hard and putting my project out there, sorry I'm not giving things free and fast enough for you.
Edit: Other projects have successfully followed this model with far less up front work. For example, Diasopora got 200k funding for a 10k goal to build AGPL software that hadn't even been started at the time. I'm asking for 10k minimum to release software I've already made, the risk is 0. Like I said, I don't see it as sleazy, if anything it's much lower risk then most crowdfunding projects.
@_date: 2015-05-14 16:52:08
PHP, GPL, Antiquated in regards to modern tech.
It's got the same problems as every other one. 
Let's be clear, I'm going the AGPL now for the same reason they went GPL. Because people didn't want to fund or donate to a more permissive release. It's called a business model, dual license commercial/copyleft.
Zen Cart would have been AGPL, just like the others, had it not been released before the loophole.
Why don't you continue to send me CMS's from the early 2000s written in PHP. That's really what everyone needs, another php framework. OOOOOOh the scary competiton. You go and use those for your projects, I'm sure you'll be the next billionaire.
Edit: Let's put some context here. I'm the guy who spent 3 years building something extensive, beyond just a simple ecommerce and cms suite and is trying to release it on the AGPL. You are the cunt with no real opinion other then I'm wrong with everything. Good for you. Go build your own fucking CMS, or go use some PHP solution from 2002. 
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:50:05
I gave you a general question/answer. You are giving me a bunch of specialized cases that support your argument, that I guess PHP is a better language then Java? Or it makes better software? I don't know what your argument is, Java sucks?
Java is one of the best mainstream languages available. In my opinion, it is the least vendor locked, most robust language framework out there. You don't need to develop in the java language, you could extend my platform with a multitude of jvm compatible languages, and the java language itself has a bigger user base and more traffic then PHP.
So why would I choose second rate PHP vs first rate Java, even if PHP is less popular then java? Oh maybe that's why. Because Java&gt;PHP, in quality, security, ecosystem and language support.
You can dig up specific examples that justify your beliefs all day. But you provide absolutely no clear cut argument, or resolution.
Let's say I agree, PHP is the better language. What am I gonna do then? switch languages?
Not that I agree, and I replace the PHP ecosystem with a template ecosystem, because most PHP programmers really should just be template programmers, and they should leave the real programming up to the big boys.
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:09:24
The forks would consist of unique modules mostly. It's designed not to overlap, but I don't want feature bloat.
You might not think the project has value, but that's just your opinion, overall the opinion and feedback has been overwhelmingly positive, and it has personal value to me as a closed source piece of software.
I plan on releasing the source AFTER the campaign, it will be open, it's not now. It may never be. Is it sleazy to try and sell my software to the community? Maybe, who knows, if you don't want it, don't fund it.
I don't think you get the point that after the campaign, if successful, it will be open source. You keep calling it closed, but I would release it? what part of this is not understood?
I am just trying to do something new, to see if the community is willing to financially support a much needed project in the space. If they aren't, I'll do whatever is in my best interest, if they are, I'll do what is in the best interest of the community.
@_date: 2015-05-14 20:03:38
Well for example, the API is really easily extendable, a example piece of code (from the platform page, with a form to test it)
    
     public ApiResult&lt;?&gt; AddTwo(int a, int b) {
         return new ApiSuccess(a+b);
     }
Automatically, that function is exposed as a rest call. Code generation will generate client side mappings for over the network for the Java/Android libraries. Serialization on both ends is JSON and automatic. You can just post the parameters to the bound URL and it's ready to go.
That's all auto-documented at  so users can always see what API calls are available. There was inline testing, but I removed it for cosmetic reasons, going to put it back shortly.
Adding new services and extending the client/server communication is incredible easy, just using annotations.
Like I said many times, it has Java and Android Clients in the native ecosystem, and I'm pretty sure that's 100% unique, compared to other GPL Based PHP E-Commerce,CMS suites. Not to say there aren't bootstrapped applications for other ecommerce suites, just that there is none under one umbrella of support.
It's still the only server with a embedded bitcoin client as far as I can tell that doesn't rely on a 3rd party or a plugin. 
And many more, if you really care about what differentiates it, go read the marketing pages I linked. Go set up a page on the hosting provider and use the platform.
Edit: Additionally, the Template system is equally easily to extend. Most of the API and the Template are just Facades that interact with a inner service that does the logic. Meaning I can reconfigure the guts while maintaining the external API's to Templating and Rest services.
@_date: 2015-05-14 17:48:03
I've noted your advice, stated that I don't give a shit and reject any future advice that may come from you.
I take a lot of advice, people give me useful critiques daily, and I turn them into tickets and I do things to fix them. 
Your critiques are the biggest waste I've ever had. They are of negative value. You just have a hater attitude. 99% of people are supportive and excited, and you, you are just a dick.
I'm not going to give you more surface area as to have opinions. Nothing you say is helpful.
@_date: 2015-05-12 20:54:22
You know what, you might be right. I might end the crowdfunding and just do a AGPL release off the bat, and then set a personal fundraising page if the community wants it under more permissive licenses. It might make more sense to just keep it closed or keep it as copyleft as possible with a license transfer agreement in place.
I apologize for being incorrectly mistaken that the community might want to help get competition to market with extremely permissive licensing.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:35:45
You are assuming that in 2100, bitcoin isn't completely defunct and replaced by something else. 80 years is a LONG time in the world of technology.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:47:48
Uh, no it doesn't.
Bitcoin is rampant with that sort of behavior, and there is literally 0 protections once it happens to you.
If I steal money from you, you can sue me, and my wages can be garnished to pay reparations. With bitcoin I could just hide my money and never ever pay you for my wrong doing. Nobody could force me to pay reparations. As such, there is a incentive to do crime with bitcoin, because the potential for punishment is lower.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:08:03
My friend closed a short at about $4300, that he opened at around $3000.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:32:01
Yeah, bitcoin is invulnerable to corruption and manipulation, it's pure and ideal, and this is evidenced by it's stability and lack of scams.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:09:40
Well, the speed you move bitcoin is dependent on how many fees you include. If you post higher fees it gives miners a higher incentive to include your transaction in their block calculations.
@_date: 2018-02-06 19:08:49
You ignore key facts.
Somebody steals from your bank and it's insured, or your CC and you will probably get it back.
Somebody steals your bitcoin and you have NO RECOURSE AT ALL. 
There is no ability for the courts to intervene and for rule of law to take control.
Just because your bank or CC might not protect you, doesn't compare to the fact that your bitcoin will not be protected.
Besides, technology moves. There is no guarantee for life long protection of bitcoin wallets. Just because they are secure today, does not mean they will be secure tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:56:14
People who think it's undervalued don't understand value.
It's clearly super over-valued, evidenced by the downward trend and the bubble bursting.
If it has a value, which is still very much a valid question, it's value is in line with the linear growth it had while it wasn't in a bubble.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:09:40
Well, the speed you move bitcoin is dependent on how many fees you include. If you post higher fees it gives miners a higher incentive to include your transaction in their block calculations.
@_date: 2018-02-06 20:32:49
Bitcoin wealth and power is just as centralized as the current banking system. It's only a few wallets that hold most the wealth.
I don't think they free you from anything, and personally I don't think Bitcoin was done correct from day  because it's not a fair system. A fair system would keep rewards constant with participation. 
Honestly, crypto could be the way out of todays mess, but bitcoin is probably not the solution. It's probably some sort of hybrid between the two systems to maximize it's utility and address the real concerns that exist in a society.
@_date: 2018-02-06 19:18:33
And today you can keep your cash in a vault if you like.... Nobody is forcing you to use a bank.
And yes, insurance companies and banks today are centralized entities.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:52:08
So, since the CC company isn't there to provide protections, you are somehow safer.
The unsolved crime means nothing to this argument, I could mug you and steal your bitcoin wallet as well and not face justice. I don't see how that is a bitcoin advantage.
@_date: 2018-02-06 19:14:52
So, you think that centralized, trusted 3rd parties will come to protect people from the risks of a decentralized system.
And you don't see how that has basically come full circle.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:08:03
My friend closed a short at about $4300, that he opened at around $3000.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:50:17
Don't fucking straw man me.
The protocol doesn't scam people, people scam people. Shady exchanges steal money, ponzi schemes like bitconnect steal money, tether could very well be a huge fraud that has falsely inflated the price.
The protocol isn't the problem, PEOPLE are the problem, and that problem doesn't go away with a protocol.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:50:12
Exactly why I told him not to put his life savings, it's a gamble, and like every gamble you should be 100% ready to take a 100% loss.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:42:40
I dunno, I highly expected a event like this to happen. When a friend came to me asking if he should invest, I told him that it's not worth a large investment because it's too damn unpredictable.
I told him to make a small investment if he really felt it was the future, but not to invest his life savings in it.
