@_author: hammingen
@_date: 2014-11-06 12:50:42
Personally I've spent a lot of time in where tipping culture is almost essential to the daily running of things and I have to agree with some of these points.
As mentioned small tips often do more harm than good and we should really consider whether tipping in any given circumstance is going to be appreciated by the tipee or considered just to be taking the piss.
Personally I think tipping a user personally (where you are in direct communication with them) should be considered acceptable only if over $1. E.g. If they help you with some tech advice and saved you from having to spend 20 minutes on the phone on hold then they deserve rewarding for their effort. Just make sure it's enough to make them feel appreciated. If they researched your issue and typed up a response for 10 minutes then $0.02 just makes them feel their time is worthless.
If you have indirect communication with another person however, such as watching a youtube video then circumstances change. Normally they would make, say, $0.001 from your view but if you liked what you saw I see little harm in small tips under $1.00 assuming others are tipping too. If you're the only changetip user there then it will go unnoticed and unappreciated. If 1k users each tip a few cents though . . . well then it really makes a difference! (this is of course looking at possible future mass adoption and would hopefully lead to, for example, the removal of adverts by users creating truly appreciated content).
@_date: 2014-09-26 02:35:30
This just got linked in . Personally I'm a dogecoin user because it's a laugh but I'd just like to apolagise for people like this. 
For those of you who have negative opinions of dogecoin users it's no doubt because of people like this and frankly I don't blame you.
Following AuxPOW Bitcoin, Litecoin and Dogecoin (yes, that is the order, there's no point in denying it) seemed to be healing some war wounds. Hopefully we can all ignore stunts like this and resume being allies in crypto, even if we have to deal with a troll once in a while.
@_date: 2015-04-08 00:19:03
We're based in the UK so unfortunately visiting is an unlikely option. We'll be more than happy to send you some seeds out though. Is there anything in particular you'd like to grow? We're ordering some new stock in a couple of days so we'll be happy to pick up anything you may be after specifically. 
What sort of scale are we talking about? How much ground are you looking to cover with each veggie/herb?
@_date: 2015-04-04 10:32:38
Hey there,
I run [shibeseeds.com]( we've been providing vegetable, herb and flower seeds for cryptocurrency for the past 6 months. 
This sounds like an awesome project that's right up our street so if you're yet to buy seeds for the project we'll be more than happy to send some out to you free of charge.