@_author: hamolton
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:00:04
I prefer it to sending spam :p Anyway if you can get a botnet of 1 million (Conficker is like 7 million I think) and average like 10 MH/s, you average around 30 BTC/week.
@_date: 2013-12-30 18:08:07
Google translate to English below:
　Interest virtual currency that circulates on the Internet for "bit coin" has increased.
　In the feature is able to transfer all over the world with no exchange fee, and precedes spread in the United States, it began to be used in part in Japan. However, on the intense, there is also be used for malicious purposes to crime price fluctuations, monetary authorities in each country are increasingly wary. ◆ No "backing"
　Currency such as normal or dollar yen, the central bank is issuing credit in support of the country. On the other hand, since the currencies do not have an official "backing" and is exchanged as the encryption on the net, coins and paper money does not exist bit coin. 2008-09 circa, it is said that a person who is claiming to "Satoshi Nakamoto" is invented, but the truth is unknown.
　If you open an account at exchange professional, you can buy it and replace it with, such as the yen and dollar. In addition to if the mail order shops that deal with bit coin, it is possible to buy as it is, can also be replaced with dollar yen and then back rise as investment products. If you send money to foreign countries, since there is no need to exchange fee is not applied, through a bank, it is possible to cheaply easily.
　"Bit Coin (BTC)" in, the unit is determined as 21 million the BTC distribution amount. Because on advanced encryption techniques have been used to prevent replication, the amount is determined in advance, the image is closer to real assets such as gold rather than currency. ◆ preceding popular in the U.S.
　Dissemination of bit coin's progressed it's the United States. According to the New York Times, policy by June next year, getting them to work a bit coin to U.S. settlement online mail order giant "over stock dot com". There is also a real estate company to receive a bit of coin rent housing.
　Shopkeeper goods store in New York that can pay a bit of coin "Green Ave Market", Dan Lee to explain why introduction of "risk-free easier than credit card. Because you can cash immediately" he said.
　Currently, the available bit coins in Japan, 10 locations about beauty salon and restaurant, and language school. Every week, several people that are using restaurant of Tokyo, Minato-ku, began handling from July in the "Pink Cow". Yokoo Sayaka sound manager of this shop said, "there is no commission to pay to. Card company that you think users and increase in the future, there are also benefits to the store" he said.
　I seen in the background of the coin bit spread, and sometimes, such as the European crisis, trust in the existing currency is reduced. ◆ authorities warning
　Bit coin, since it is not under the control of monetary authorities, market volatility is likely to. In November, view the U.S. Federal Reserve Board (FRB) is to have the promising bit coin spreads, against the dollar has jumped to more than five times.
　Kuroda of the Bank of JapanHaruhikoHaruhikoHe said "there is also value that fluctuates rather vigorously, central banks are also closely monitoring" in a press conference on the 20th, Governor that you are investigating and research around the Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies as well as the Bank of Japan revealed.
　Furthermore, since the reality of trading is hard to grasp, and fears being exploited and arms and drug trafficking, money laundering deep-rooted.
　This month, the virtual currency such as bit coin has not been approved as a payment method, warning financial institutions to the Reserve Bank of India (central bank). For bit coin-related activities in the country, financial crime network of the U.S. Treasury, was also sent to each supplier warning notices and are subject to laws and regulations of financial services. (New York Echizen'ya Tomoko, Kanashima Hironori)
( 17:51 December 30, 2013   Yomiuri Shimbun)
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:44:36
People really want apps on Intel when they can have superior, native programs? OK then..
@_date: 2013-12-28 01:02:59
The title really should be "for windows users on ARM processors"
@_date: 2013-12-28 01:01:38
Do we know if this kind of thing is terribly hard to program, considering all of the open source programming available? Richard Stallman might love me if I made an open-source alternative, even if he wishes there was an anonymous bitcoin.