@_author: hampusl
@_date: 2013-12-14 20:29:29
Something appealing with bitcoin for merchants is supposed to be that transactions are final like cash. It removes risk and thereby opens up business in new areas online.
The bitcoin tech also allows for some interesting escrow services by involving a third party.
The customer need not risk more than s/he sends, the merchant knows when s/he have gotten paid, quickly compared to credit cards.
@_date: 2013-12-15 10:05:23
 &lt;- currently down
 &lt;- must read
@_date: 2013-12-14 20:09:59
It's a very nice presentation you've made!
Piece of advice:
Remember to beforehand check that you have access to a good projector and screen. Your presentation have some small text in it. An old projector will destroy it. For important presentation it's always a good idea to bring your own projector, just in case.
Also bringing your own 4G-router might be a good idea (you never know how paranoid the local firewall is). If you are using a client that needs to sync the block-chain, do that beforehand! Also bring laptop/mobile chargers and good batteries :-)
Also, be prepared to backup any statement you make with hard numbers. Eg. exactly how high is the liquidity on major exchanges?  How expensive is it do transfers on the bitcoin network? 
In the slide comparing normal transaction with bitcoin transactions, I would have drawn the bitcoin-network as a cloud. A bitcoin transaction kept secret between two users is kinda fragile to double spending. 
I'm not sure if an extra slide is needed, but you should anyways be ready to answer questions about it: How bitcoin is scalable in the future as it grows and how the transaction speed can be increased.
From the diagrams you have regarding how transactions are made, there might be a risk that people misunderstand how a transaction is made. I believed a signed transaction is broadcasted to the network. (Though I've heard about off-line bluetooth transactions in the Android client) It might be a good idea to explain the difference between confirmation time and propagation time in the network.  
