@_author: handylinks
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:47:42
The owner will have an indication of the password.
It may be words, random letters, numbers, etc...
The fact they typed it in will mean it's unlikely to be truly random as very few people remember these sorts of passwords but instead use numbers, words and basic symbols like !,  @ and *.  You can also be pretty confident it's going to be less than 16 letters, probably more like 6-12 based on words with letters like e changed to a 3 or the usual passwords like that.
I'd probably download mtgox password file and try all those first followed by regular password dictionaries.
Failing that you could speak to Symantec to see if they can offer any clues, it's possible they have a backdoor and sharing $2m may be sufficient incentive to extract the data for you.
Do you know the address(es) that store the funds?
@_date: 2015-06-25 08:47:40
The price may fall but would like to point out a fall to 0 because the government bans something is overlooking some proven economics in that banned goods still have value.
The other issue is for a ban on bitcoin to be workable every gov in the world would have to ban it, every ISP would have to actively filter it and they'd have to be no technical alternative for the network to exist.
All 3 of these are close to impossible to achieve if you think about any of them.
The idea of banning bitcoin is a knee jerk reaction people have when they hear about the small cases of nefarious uses that can be done with it. (Nefarious uses won't care much about exchange price as they are merely needing the transfer of value which is nearly impossible to limit)  The truth is these markets existed before and will continue regardless of it's legal status.  If bitcoin wasn't here trade with dollars,gold,banks,another e-platform,etc... would happen instead anyhow.
The important point to keep in mind is that should a country ban it they're merely restricting the enhancements all the legitimate businesses in their own country would benefit from by allowing it.
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:57:01
Bitcoin transactions are almost instant, if you're needing to wait it's purely the local currency exchange you're using (or more likely their bank) that is causing the delay.
Purchasing bitcoin with paypal is difficult for two main reasons.
1) It is too easy for people to do a chargeback with PayPal and say sell you $100 of BTC, transfer the btc to you and you now refund your paypal transfer... The seller has no way of contesting or getting back the btc. 
2) Purchasing digital currencies with PayPal is currently against their terms and conditions I believe.
For this reason I expect unless you know the person directly your best chance of finding a PayPal accepting trader is using something like localbitcoins/bittylicious which is more P2P.
@_date: 2015-06-04 13:41:28
Agreed that scalability needs to be addressed for mainstream direct adoption to go head to head with services like Mastercard/Visa/Paypal.  If however they adopt it these would be off chain transactions except for settlements so the network would probably already be able to cope with this even before the blocksize increase since this is where we are already.
Realistically though the aim of Bitcoin is to not have BW limitations so a scalability solution will be found, wether it's added to/ontop of bitcoin is yet to be seen.  I personally like the idea of hubs but that's still full of issues to be resolved.
May I ask if your cryptocurrency already solves this scalability issue?
@_date: 2015-06-30 09:37:23
Not quite true, there are timestamps in the blocks and if the difference is too large to the node's timestamp it will be rejected.  A second however is going to be unnoticeable.
@_date: 2015-06-11 10:30:04
The biggest problem is all seem to have initial hype and thereafter lose value, brands vast majority of them pump and dumps wether true or not.  Sidechains look like they'll fix this which is why, if it works, it's possibly the most exciting thing to happen to bitcoin for 5 years.
I think altcoins have also shown that different mining algorithms always will result in dedicated hw thereby leading towards centralisation so little point in messing with it (yet)...
Another key point is transaction obscurity is a wanted feature and should probably be enabled by default.  Some of the alts that are doing well are the ones which are untraceable. (I'm going on a hunch not empirical data here)
Doge is highlighting there is a demand for low value low fee transactions in the younger generation.
It also highlights that most people don't understand inflation or don't mind it existing... this might not be a bad thing for the future!
Counterparty and the likes have shown there is a real demand for contracts and will be incredibly disruptive as the technology becomes more established.
Elements allowing the witness/proof of the transaction to be held outside of the chain is a lot cleaner for pruning and will help on scalability.
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:02:35
I may have misunderstood this so please someone correct me if I have but instead of the general population of the nation being whacked for a bank screwing up, now the tab will fall to the banks customers (not the employees unless I'm mistaken?).  The nation no longer needs to be first line defence to protect it's banks and should soften the national/global impact of a banks failing (and 2008 shows there are a few ready to fail with the right stimulus) the general population will point the finger at that greedy bank that 'screwed up' and stole everyone's money by withholding their money for worthless shares.  Given some of the customers balance is converted to shares I'd be surprised if they'd get anything more back other than the nominal value of the shares if the bank really does collapse.
I.e. this gives a first layer of damage control when a bank goes.  If however it's incredibly toxic and starts knocking on other banks the gov will still need to step in to prevent the whole system collapsing just like it did before only that it would need a bigger whack before this happened... that'd be pretty bad and would like to think it's incredibly unlikely.  That said negative interest rates, gov bailouts of the banks and QE are all unheard of too so who knows...
It seems a sensible approach to ring fence risk but it has done very little about the real issue that the wealthy are making these rules and you can be sure they have their accumulated wealth outside of virtual bank balances so there is very little commotion about the impact it would have should the unconceivable actually happen.  I'd like to hear I'm wrong on this but that's how I've had it explained to me.
@_date: 2015-06-12 08:53:14
As someone who doesn't live in NYC I think this is an excellent result, way to go in shooting yourself in the foot while the rest of the world can carry on.
@_date: 2015-06-29 11:36:39
If he was an idiot he'd carry $15k in cash in one go but you're right, he should just hand the cash back to the bank to keep safe from those thieves we all see randomly mugging people on the street.  
@_date: 2015-06-19 12:54:39
Good point although luckily Euros are accepted in most exchanges so they can still do this until capitol controls come into play.
They may have a delay on signup but might still be fast enough.
Worst case is they could use Localbitcoin to get coins immediately as most of europe is available for trading.
@_date: 2015-06-29 10:42:37
There is a bitcoin ATM here...
IOANNOU THIVAIOU 20 Acharnes, P.C. 13673.
The guy who set it up could become a local hero as this will enable the country to convert the euro notes into money that can be spent online globally bypassing the capital controls and still keeps the euros in Greece.
@_date: 2015-06-05 21:40:21
We'd probably do well buying say $20 to actually spend somewhere.... only by people actually using it and seeing the value will it's exchange price appreciate.
@_date: 2015-06-06 08:44:50
That's a short term view and would end in tears, if everyone sits around just holding their bitcoin and not stimulating the economy the commodity becomes worthless as another currency becomes more widely adopted because it's actually used.  It's intrinsic value is that it can be traded with others, as the pool of items it can be traded for grows the commodity becomes more usable and more valuable.
Don't get me wrong, I think speculative investment is a reasonable idea so early into it's development but what I'm saying is everyone wanting it to succeed needs both savings and spending money.  People who just buy 50BTC and throw it into a paper wallet and never actually use BTC are not helping anyone except themselves.
I'm wrestling with the juxtaposition bitcoin offers.. it's inspired by anti fat-cat private corporate banks yet it drives greed by people thinking hoarding the stuff is going to make them richer than most of the population ??? This logic is really ethically screwed up but believe there is a sweet middle ground somewhere out there and is a fascinating experiment!
@_date: 2015-06-19 12:55:42
Banned in UK in that unless people 'opt out' that site is blacklisted.
@_date: 2015-06-11 10:05:13
Generally it was well reported and they seem to have a solid grasp where many have struggled except for that single ludicrous comment.
It concerns me this bitcoin bad, blockchain good approach could mislead smart people thinking you can have one without the other.  
Perhaps with that enlightenment the reporting will stop this daft personification of bitcoin being bad or good.
@_date: 2015-06-23 15:17:41
Sure thing, type it in here...
you'll need to be able to sign blockchain's message with the private key of that address to prove you own it.
The address is most likely a past one you've used so you could scan to see if you've sent funds there before.
Having a quick look at  it shows a transaction someone made to it yesterday for 0.81019 BTC ($189) so guessing you'll recognise it and can contact that person?
I'd normally also say it could be some malware clipboard copy/paste issue but given there are only 2 transactions to that address I think it's incredibly unlikely and more like you purchased something yesterday and reused that address.
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:08:19
They seem to neglect the elephant in the room... bitcoin coinbase rewards halve every 4 years, this means the maximum power used by the network halves at this time too.  This halving is to ensure mining is sustainable while adoption grows... somewhat in disbelief no one has pointed this out to them as the article's conclusion is so unbelievably wrong.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:50:41
Everyone in that country is looking for how to secure their economy, those that choose to try a new global commodity over a local fiat that is certain to experience hyperinflation seem to be doing a good thing in a bad situation for their country.  Bitcoin can't be devalued easily since Greece isn't the only one using it and no central authority issues it.
Don't get me wrong, I can't see it becoming mainstream there anytime soon but equally I can only see an upside for Greece by allowing people to experiment with it and help them understand how to account for trade done with it for tax purposes.  (E.g. convert any bitcoin earnings to euros for tax reporting purposes)
@_date: 2015-06-08 13:41:19
Is fixing your iPhone feasible?
If not, depending on the wallet (assuming an app) you may have some luck in restoring from an iTunes backup you've done in the past (onto another iphone I mean)
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:23:46
I agree with KroniK907 but perhaps MultiBit should consider a slightly different approach.
On the first 3 transactions say "You have (X) free transactions remaining by using this wallet.  After these sending funds via this wallet will include an additional transaction fee of 0.0001btc ($0.02) to MultiBit to help pay for future development and server costs.  You can disable this pay-per-transaction by purchasing an unlimited license for 0.05BTC.  There are also free alternative wallets you may use but we are being up front with our business model to continue developing this."
Or words to that effect...
@_date: 2015-06-13 09:23:18
If you want them to download a wallet on their phone you share the link **  it will detect the type of phone they have and download the most commonly used SPV app for that phone.
* iOS-BreadWallet
* Android-MyCelium
* PC/Mac - Electrum
Best of luck with the presentation... btw I did a presentation on bitcoin a few months ago and happy to share the slides if it makes life easier, just PM me.
In my presentation I used BitPay on the iPad and showed a payment of £0.02 and the screen turns lovely green with a beautiful instant tick that made them go 'wow!'
Toptip: Avoid mentioning the few nefarious uses it's used in and instead mention at some point it is digital gold/cash so is a true form of value that is agnostic of any use or size.
@_date: 2015-06-11 10:12:27
I like that outlook, it means less fat cats in the bitcoin space but sadly people show they're greedy and buy more than they really need.
@_date: 2015-06-29 12:18:36
FWIW I'm not down voting you, I'm happy to believe I could be wrong about things and keen to hear different views but so far I've yet to hear what is wrong in people diversifying their stored value from the banks control?
@_date: 2015-06-19 12:04:52
You may like to know your site is banned in the UK by default...
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:49:37
You're probably right (would love the source for future reference) but actually 30% movement seems incredibly high for 6 months!
Currently there is a lot of speculation about bitcoin's future worth so until there's wider awareness or a necessity to use bitcoin there is bound to be a lot of hoarding/saving but that's not it's long term goal as there is little value in just doing that.
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:29:23
Forgive me if I've misunderstood what you're saying but I don't think it will work as it's overlooking what the problem being solved is.
Increasing the blocksize MUST cause a hardfork, currently the protocol will reject blocks bigger than 1Mb, this is not optional reject like deciding to take a transaction or not, this is an enforced arbitrary rule that is in the protocol. 
Think of it like this, if 500 blocks ago someone mined a 2Mb block, for anyone to use this chain they simply can not use the current bitcoind as they'll be mining on a different chain.
There is too much pussy footing around, just make the bloody change to remove this arbitrary limit (or increase it to 20Mb if wanting to play super safe) and allow people to specify their own mining limits like you say.... this topic has become 'the shed committee' discussion of bitcoin!
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:03:49
I think it's relevant to the fact of 'why does bitcoin have value?' that everyone considers.  
Seeing a well used fiat's value fluctuate because private banks are doing dangerous fractional banking is precisely why bitcoin was created (see the message in the genesis block).
These people are merely asking for their money back as cash yet the system can't allow this to happen because cash is far more valuable than a bank balance.
@_date: 2015-06-23 12:46:14
Tag it in blockchain.info with your contact email and if you're lucky the owner will contact you.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:48:22
Sorry, I can't answer that as I don't use Coinbase.  I'd expect there is a 24hr delay like any banking transaction but is a total guess.
@_date: 2015-06-15 17:19:46
If it works as well as it does in your video this is going to be huge.
The first concern is it does generate a market for selling copyrighted material which wasn't easily done before... whilst this will be a bull in a china shop approach to shake up the industry to get on board quickly I'm afraid you're going to face the rath of lawyers like napster did.
Is there any way a file uploader could specify a "content creator bitcoin address" and "replication fee" to be paid for legal file sharing for viewing that the hoster pays?  The content could be digitally signed with ECDSA too so can be verified as original and consumers will know they are downloading a legal version.
The media companies would probably like this quite a lot given it doesn't destroy their business and allows them to continue making new content.  It won't be popular with freeloaders but if you offer a solution that also works with the media companies you could become even bigger than spotify.  Obviously uncopyrighted material wouldn't need this and they'll always people using it to bypass copyright but many of us want to download legitimate software/video and this system could enable it outside of the NetFlix/Amazon Prime monopolies
@_date: 2015-06-06 12:43:52
I can empirically state otherwise, nearly everyone new I speak with knows something about Bitcoin.  A minority really understand it, many think they understand it writing it off as another virtual currency and most think it's had it's hay day after the $1000 fiasco... almost none of them own any because it's simply too difficult to buy, a lot to learn and concerned about the publicity of bitcoin's nefarious uses.  The adjustment from the bubble showing a general downward trend of the price doesn't inspire people to jump on board at the moment either... problem is when this reverses it'll be another bubble as many are eagerly waiting to hop on the train again as a price rise happens.
Most of this will change in time but right now Bitcoin has an image issue to solve and calling it 'blockchain' instead seems to be working but is frustrating that some really don't grasp the two come hand in hand and bad mouth bitcoin but love blockchain.
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:36:10
Tried to register to leave a comment but the system is terrible so I've given up.
I actually think the article was fairly non-sensational and does have a lot of points that would indicate the ponzi/pyramid similarity but he's overlooked what is different from a ponzi/pyramid scheme which is sort of the whole point of it.
Bitcoin enables new technology, take streamium.io as an example... this would simply not be possible without bitcoin, certainly not by a couple of people.  That new technology will enable new business models without banks and **requires** bitcoin to be possible.  There are many others too which I'm sure he could have discovered if he'd approached someone more involved than for the speculative greed of exchange price appreciation.
The reason people are saving btc more than spending is simply because it's early days and there are few places that actually require bitcoin rather than regular payment as he called out.  Sadly ransomware is the best example so far of a 'service' that is only offered for bitcoin, in time many new services that will inevitably appear where the developers will opt to only use bitcoin such as streamium, contracts, microfunding, sidechains, evidence documents, microhosting, autonomous agents, etc...
@_date: 2015-06-29 11:37:21
Care to explain why?
@_date: 2015-06-19 08:42:27
Take a peek in as someone's done a visual miner to see the nonce and extra nonce at the byte level...
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:44:33
The IPs you'll see on the bitcoin network are the bitcoin nodes run by miners, these typically won't have private keys stored on them (or if they do the private keys won't be to significant sums of bitcoin unless someone is being very irresponsible ).  
So even if you could hack into these machines there's not much to be stolen there.
You also won't see the IPs of the machines issuing the transactions unless you are the node that receives the transaction.
The only way someone can get your bitcoin is to get your private key.  If you use something like Trezor this private key is impossible to access (or at least great lengths have made it very difficult for anyone to get your number via software hacking).
If you're not using a hardware wallet your machine is susceptible to compromise and is one of the learnings still going on... 10 years ago the idea of computer security was merely preventing a virus on your machine, now people take security more seriously but there's still a lot more to come.
@_date: 2015-06-23 22:02:23
Really pleased you got your money back and thanks for the tip, v kind of you!
@_date: 2015-06-15 15:35:38
There is no single location/developer/servers to 'shut down' to turn bitcoin off... it's decentralised so no single controller anywhere. 
Even if someone wanted to detect and prevent bitcoin network traffic from occurring it wouldn't take much effort to change the protocol to encrypt the traffic thereby making it almost impossible to detect.
If misguided individuals outlawed bitcoin, remember it would only be outlawed in that country... (the nefarious uses of it would continue anyhow there anyhow given they we're breaking the law in the first place so probably wouldn't care about any new law double banning what they're doing)  whilst the rest of the world builds legitimate and more competitive businesses on the technology putting whichever country 'banned' it in a global disadvantage.  TBH, if you wanted to set a country back in the global digital market it would be worth convincing the other country to ban it so your businesses get a head start on it... ahem... Ecuador.
TL;DR:  It's probably impossible to ban globally and pointless trying to ban it nationally since it would only hinder legitimate businesses therefore best to figure out how to embrace it.
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:38:38
You're right that they'll always be miners.
The fact the article overlooks is when the halving happens, instead of 25btc per block miners will get only 12.5btc shared around.  If price was consistent and mining was maxed out (like it pretty much is at the moment) miners will have to turn off their mining gear as it's costing them more in electricity than what it is earning... exactly half the miners will make this decision thereby lowering the difficulty to half such that the reward/power equilibrium is reached again.
Realistically price does fluctuate so maximum electrical usage the system can ever sustain is simply 
= cheapest electricity per watt * (reward * btc exchange price).  
i.e. The reward halving isn't some bizarre protocol oddity but instead the halving is precisely to make POW mining sustainable in the long term as adoption grows which the article claims will be an issue. 
 The halving budgets on an exponential take up and averaged out is exactly how it's been tracking over the last 6 years if you look at transaction volume.
I may be overlooking something but that article made no reference to the halving and to me that fact creates the sustainable system so I have to believe they've overlooked this and jumped to the wrong conclusion.
@_date: 2015-06-19 09:48:49
I don't think anyone in Greece is effecting this as it's just too new to be taken seriously be the general public yet.
My guess on the price change is because:
* New certified exchanges are soon to appear
* Bitcoin is gaining traction in the commodities trade (still very very early days!)
* Sidechains working prototype has appeared.
* Institutions are now seeing the benefits of blockchains.  It will take time but they are likely to reach the same conclusion other smart people have.  I.e. For security and value transfer you want to only use the most powerful chain and the market is currently using bitcoin for this by a vast order of magnitude over any alts.
* The financial industry is realising that bitcoin units are enabling so much more than an obscure currency.
* The price is still tracking on the projected adoption graph but it's exchange price is slightly below expected value at the moment.
@_date: 2015-06-03 12:25:20
Anyone know what is driving their e-money solution?
Is it an alt coin, a private company solution, open source project or something else entirely?
@_date: 2015-06-29 10:24:31
I've not heard about any stress test planned and equally I'm curious what another stress test is aiming to achieve?
Surely some time to reflect and refine is needed before another live test is needed... from what I read the system coped phenomenally well given the shyte thrown at it and the most sensible thing for miners to do is add an exponential mining fee filter to accepting transactions to make this sort of 'test' unnecessary.
@_date: 2015-06-06 16:29:30
I used to think like this too but you said it yourself... 'if everyone is trying to get a hold of bitcoin'...
What's going to change to make people want to from now?
The market only grows if demand grows, demand grows when more people have a positive exposure to using it and see the advantages over other methods they already have access to.
If we want stores to be accepting it we should be supporting merchants by buying btc and spending btc in their shops as well otherwise it risks becoming a modern day rare stamp collecting and miss it's full potential in our lifetime.
@_date: 2015-06-29 10:35:25
Just report the site to google...
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:12:27
To save the googling, unix epoch time is a standard which is the number of seconds since 1/1/1970 in UTC time.
@_date: 2015-06-19 11:07:54
Your view is understandable but cast your mind back to when bitcoins were less than $0.01 each... it's insane to think someone would pay $1 for a bitcoin at that stage.
Imagine we live in a world where 1 bitcoin = $1,000,000.... you'd think people were nuts not to have just been buying loads now... clearly it's all about relative demand.
$1000 - $100k per btc (which is the same as saying 100,000 or 1000 satoshis = $1 respectively) in the years to come is certainly one possibility should a key service in future require bitcoin to be used.
E.g. computer to computer financial trade, cloud/streaming/storage fees or international corporate savings avoiding forex fees and bank charges as just a few obvious examples that are still to be invented.
@_date: 2015-06-19 14:14:09
Have you opt'd in/out yet?  If not you will receive a message eventually.
Not saying this is good or bad as it's optional, merely pointing out that the link pointed to was flagged as contentious for some reason.
@_date: 2015-06-29 12:00:29
You do realise Bitcoin isn't to be hoarded (unless you're speculating it's value will rise massively), it's to transfer value from person to person without banks and yes someday perhaps even buy local groceries should scalability be addressed.  
The point is if people living there keep their money in the banking system they will certainly follow the same devaluation Argentina experienced, that's a guaranteed fact of how defaults work. 
Bitcoin offers an alternative, at least for people to consider with a small fraction of savings via diversification of value... perhaps I'm just being delusional about this but I can't see why people believe keeping 100% of their value in a fractional banking system is wise when an alternative now exists.
 
@_date: 2015-06-30 15:10:17
Yes, there was a project to do just this... meshnet or something I think?
Basically reprogramming routers to allow access with micropayments.
Awesome idea but been a few months since the last update.
@_date: 2014-12-30 15:42:24
This is my understanding of it, I'll let others correct me if I've got anything wrong here!
The coins themselves are secure enough as the short key you see on the foil is just the start of the full public address.
"1j2453adb"... is actually for the address such as 1j2453adbe235b469o8dfn234 for example.  There is enough entropy there that you can scan all transactions looking for public keys in the blockchain to find this  address that starts with this and "1j2453adb".  It is most likely only to ever point to one address (You can calculate the odds if you really want to) so you can verify the coin contents are still there.  Technically it is possible to create another public address that starts with the same short code thereby looking like the coin is funded but it would take so long to do it's incredibly unlikely to happen.  I expect you can also just pick up the oldest transaction to extract the real address as the chance of it happening randomly would be 0% so you know it would be the later transaction that was trying to be deceptive.  (There may also be a db of coin shortcodes to full addresses somewhere but will let others chime in here)
The important part is this is obscuring the private key hidden underneath.
Now that private key is a compressed format like you say.  For elliptic curve private keys they are 2 co-ordinates put next to each other (X,Y) on a graph.  The thing is that with just the X value you can 'almost' work out the Y value of the private key.  I say 'almost' as the value may be positive or negative so you also need to store this information.  I.e. a compressed private key is just the X component and a single bit to say if the Y value should be positive or negative.  
This means the private key is just as secure as the uncompressed key, simply more efficient to store it.
So from a 'playing the numbers' approach the coin is just as secure as any bitcoin private key. 
As swmich73 points out however, this private key was created by someone else so you are trusting them to not have written it down.  I believe Casascius to be very reputable as he has been very open about the process and how these private keys are destroyed.  If he didn't do this no one would buy them and just one theft would ruin the business.  Given he is a bitcoin advocate I'd like to believe he's true to his word but yes this is a risk here!
To avoid this risk you can buy coins that you write the private key yourself but these are likely to be far less valuable than Casascius coins since you need to build the trust that you destroyed this private key.
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:40:33
The pass phrase is merely a way to express a very big number.  E.g. the word 'apple' represents the number 378.
Now if each word is from a dictionary of say 2000 words you can get your big number by doing
X = 'word1' + 'word2' * 2000 + 'word3' * 2000 * 2000 + ... 'word12'.
Now you just need to get private key numbers which is something like private key 0 = X + 0, private key 1 = X + 1, private key 2 = X + 2, etc...
So the maths involved is actually a bit more involved but that's the principal.
Now for each private key you can derive the public key associated with it and from this public key number you derive the address everyone knows and loves.
When scanning an HD wallet you need to look on the blockchain for address0, if this has been used look for address1, if this has been used address2, etc... to get all your addresses.
This way you only need that one master seed number to derive all the keys to your wallet.
I know I'm oversimplifying it but that's the principal and why you can memorize those 12 words and have access to your funds anywhere in the world.
@_date: 2015-05-13 00:12:56
They could, actually it would be even faster than the approach they're currently using (coloured coins).  
If they put a hash of the entire document in the blockchain it serves as proof the document hasn't been tampered with (both for NASDAQs peace of mind and for its clients).
This would make it impossible for someone to go back and fudge a document so hacking their database would be a useless task.  There are few places this is so important but for trade orders and accounts it is a perfect match.
@_date: 2015-05-13 19:48:54
Can anyone explain why you'd want to use a forum over say Reddit?  I find it far easier following threads in Reddit.
@_date: 2015-01-16 22:11:26
Yes, I believe it is possible but *incredibly* unlikely to happen.
All that is needed is &gt;50% of the mining network to be agreeing to the new rule or a group to split from Bitcoin for an alt currency at a given date.
@_date: 2015-01-26 13:40:08
Try not to be too harsh on Andreas, overall he's done a vast amount of good for Bitcoin and knows his stuff far more than most.
I'm no Andreas preacher but equally I respect that he stands up in front of sometimes a dismissive audience, both technical and non-technical, and generally wins them to see why Bitcoin is different and an important technical innovation.
@_date: 2015-01-26 13:49:47
Your address usually starts with a 1 and looks like 1dfg234nnmw3e3ndfd452toijj5 or something... 
Yes you can write down your address on some paper and have them sent there.  (You can also generate a paper wallet without needing a phone at bitaddress.org )
Depending on the ATM you will probably be able to type in those numbers/letters of your address by hand to the atm.
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:18:27
Not much yet but in order
* Donated to Wikipedia (Never donated to them before but was impressed by Jimmy's pragmatic approach to introducing it)
* Bought some computer equipment from another country via bitpay.  Was certainly easier than a bank transfer, probably not easier than PayPal yet.
* Used to get some local cash from an ATM when I forgot my debit card. Actually bought my first beer with bitcoin this year.
* Purchased an online game
* Tried tipping others with ChangeTip after receiving some tips on another account.  Only sent about $7 in total.
* Tried to sell my car for bitcoin as was safer and faster than cash or bank transfer (sale fell through though but will try again in 2015).
I say not much but given the year before I did nothing with Bitcoin and believed in it and in 2014 I was actually using it for some thing is a modest step forward... I still see it being much bigger in time as it's getting easier to use and less surprised when somewhere accepts it... just needs to be easier for people to purchase/sell for local currency before it is ready for wide spread adoption.
@_date: 2015-01-26 13:45:16
Technically you could be...
Take some identifier such as a fingerprint or your DNA, convert this into electronic text you could type into notepad, now hash it with something like SHA256, use that number as a private key.  Now generate your public key/bitcoin address and fund that and ta-dah... you're now a walking bitcoin.
Problem is if anyone gets a copy of you your screwed so you'll want to be a hermit and never interact with the outside world.
@_date: 2015-05-20 12:30:56
What does Factom do that is better than Namecoin?  The two seem to serve the same purpose or have I misunderstood what Factom does?
@_date: 2015-08-18 13:26:09
I don't think that's how it works... unless of course bitcoin blocks become constantly saturated.  At which point yes that becomes true but before that happens a hard fork would have to start and run for many many days and transactions would appear in both...  As for the fork lasting any significant time, just imagine you're a miner, are you really going to throw money at running your machines on a minority fork with less than 30% of the hashing power supporting the chain for more than a few hours?  You'd know that this minority chain will be dumped by others quickly and all those mined coins become worthless.
 The coins mined are not spendable for 100 blocks so that's a pretty solid cooling off period on knowing which chain is going to win.
To put it another way, you could modify bitcoin right now to issue you 5000BTC blocks with a new mining algorithm.  Clearly that won't work... the same thing is going on here although a number of people are considering adopting the XT changes... unless 50%+ of the hashing power supports it it'll disappear.
This is an emotionally charged debate going on but it's pretty clear to me there will only be one bitcoin chain eventually and that will be decided very very quickly every time a fork happens.
@_date: 2015-08-17 21:39:07
Let's be sensible here.  You're talking about a guy/girl/group who wrote a cryptographic currency, the likes of which hadn't been done before, demonstrating an incredibly strong understanding of ECDSA's and the importance of asymmetric encryption and signatures... appears from nowhere to comment on something they apparently feel so strongly about and decides not to bother signing the statement when they know an email will be doubted by those who they'd need to convince the most???
It was a fake, absolutely guaranteed.
@_date: 2015-08-05 17:44:37


Personally I don't think so as Satoshi hasn't touched his coins and even if he did others would buy them so the value remains.  Some things can be done with bitcoin that are simply not possible in other systems.  Trustless escrow, automated machines, multisignature payments, timelocked payments, globally instant transfers, digital contracts, etc...


There are ways to solve the 1Gb issue... currently we don't need to so it hasn't been addressed yet but there are proposals that could be implemented and wil ljust take time. I.e. It's still actively being developed and everyone is still learning.


It is anonymous if you want it to be... it's pseudo anonymous but if someone has the time and determination to find who owns certain coins those who simply use it can probably be easily found with warrants.  That's a good thing btw as usually people complain the opposite!  Sidechains and zero proof transactions are likely to make coins anonymous but these don't exist beyond test networks and alt coins as far as I know.


They're jumping on the bandwagon and probably will get hurt jumping off it as the price drops only to miss it when it goes up again.  The ones holding on are the ones who see why it has value beyond a pump and dump and why the fairly constant higher price exists after the last 'dump'.


The power of the computers is not relevant to this...  no amount of extra computing power simplifies this process, it's more about running nodes on the network.


See above... there are many uses of a finite digital resource with a common global ledger... that's precisely it's selling point.  


All currency is 1's and 0's these days.  If someone believes money is in the form of coins and notes they'd do well learning about how fiat currency works.  Most people when talking about money are talking about M3 money where an absolutely tiny fraction is physical cash and notes.


It is finite in supply, it is instantly transferable anywhere around the globe, it requires no permission to use it, it can be exchanged for real goods and local fiat currency in most countries.  That alone sets it head and shoulders above any national currency.  For end users you never have to give out details where they can steal your money, you give someone your address and they can only give you money... the same way we do with cash but over the internet.


Well that's just wrong and they can look any of the graphs to know that ;)  Firstly when SR was taken down the price went up, actually it soared only a few months later if memory serves me correctly.  SR was a part of bitcoin's checkered history but remember bitcoin wasn't created for any specific site or user.  I for one didn't even know about SR until it was shut, I got into bitcoin because I saw bitcoin's potential and still do.


If you have a brain wallet generated by a SHA1("Hello World") and someone has put funds in that address it could be as valuable as you make it.  Generally though Bitcoin doesn't use SHA1 anywhere, it uses SHA256.  If you could somehow reverse engineer SHA256("message" + x) = y such that you instantly know x when given y you can earn yourself over $1,000,000 USD per day... this is what most mining farms are doing and the only way they know to solve it is by using a lot of electricity.


No you can't.  That's kind of it's whole point.  It can't be magicked out of thin air, you have to use **a lot** of electricity to generate new ones otherwise you must trade with the supply available in the ecosystem.


We're not even close yet... won't be for a long time and 50+ cores (will be probably pretty min spec phone stuff by this stage).  If they don't believe you explain how GPUs in mobile phones have hundreds of cores already and this is only from the last few years.


No, that's not how mining works.  Mining gets harder if their exchange price goes up because more people can afford to do mining.
The block rewards halve every 4 years so the amount of computing power required also halves at these times.


Perhaps but so what?


If you replace a currency with Bitcoin you just change the name. Bitcoin will be affected by inflation if your economy depends on it. The price of Gold inflates because it's a precious metal used in modern technologies. 
Gold is expensive because we rely on it, once we don't rely on it it will not be expensive. Bitcoin has none of these properties
Firstly bitcoin is unlikely to ever replace a country's fiat currency, that's not it's goal here.  It is merely a digital money that can be used online where as fiat money must be done with paper or via a bank.  Think communication used to be done via talking to people (i.e. cash) or via delivering letters via a post office (i.e. trusted 3rd party you pay).  Bitcoin is to money what Email is to communication.
Gold's price is set mainly on it's market trade value, this is vastly higher than its intrinsic value.  Tungsten for instance has very similar properties to Gold, used in electronics too but their price is vastly different.
If someone thinks bitcoin's scarcity mixed with it's unique properties like instant global transfers, automated contracts, trustless network and escrow features don't derive any real tangible value in our internet age it will be an identical process explaining to a cat why a paper bank note has value beyond being kitty litter... their brains are still wired to money = fiat rather than money = value.
It's not too surprising as most of these people I've encountered think a bank account interest of 2% is awesome even though inflation may be say 3% so essentially they're losing 1% of their value in the bank even though they have more money at the end of the year.  If they'd have purchased an asset like a house outright they'd have made 3% rather than -1%.
@_date: 2015-08-17 15:57:28
Yes, it's not really that important for normal use... the issue is if you accept bitcoin having confidence your not being sent double spent funds.  TBH it's a mountain out of a molehill for users as the transaction will appear in both chains.  People can already double spend before a confirmation if they want, a fork makes this double spend easier but after a confirmation in both chains the transaction can be trusted and spent by the new owner.
*WHEN* a diverging hardfork happens you can be sure it'll be resolved within a day, miners don't want to throw away their earnings so most will quickly adopt the client that has the highest usage at the time of a fork thereby re-enforcing which is the main chain.
@_date: 2015-08-25 09:18:46
Can you elaborate on this?  This sounds an important artefact to consider addressing now otherwise we'll be facing another hardfork debate later when even more is riding on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-08-17 20:54:19
The transaction would be entered into both as it's a valid transaction that would be relayed by both bitcoind and bitcoinxt as far as I'm aware.  I.e. it's just the blocks that will differ.  If the block was say 2Mb in size it means it would be considered invalid by the currently bitcoin nodes so the transaction would enter the next valid block &lt; 1Mb (assuming it's not maxed out).  I.e. eventually that transaction would be valid in both chains.
If the two chains were carried on eventually yes you could have xtbtc and btc but in a real world there's absolutely no chance miners would be mining on a minority chain for more than a few hours, at most a few days, as it's costing them real money for a chain that is going to be eventually forgotten.  Payment providers like bitpay would clearly have to support the stronger chain instantly to reduce the chance of rollbacks so this whole thing is a storm in a tea cup IMHO.
The worst thing that could be done is to increase the limit to another hardcoded number.  I'm a believer on organically allowing it to grow based on historical records while at the same time allow miners to put a soft cap on the blocks they're mining should they wish to only make 1mb blocks for instance.
@_date: 2015-07-12 21:35:55
May like to look at coinfloor.co.uk, I believe they allow instant payments in UK with some ID.
@_date: 2015-07-01 10:03:39
You could spend a few satoshis from the same source address with a mining fee attached and that would mean your older transaction can't be used again... otherwise I think you're correct in that someone could potentially rebroadcast it later and it would succeed.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:40:15
Blocks in the Blockchain are the equivalent to Pages in the General Ledger book.  A page is completed when the miners solve that puzzle... don't confuse this with private keys as the mining algorithm is just a clever way to select someone randomly around the world every 10 minutes based on the computing power they contribute to securing the network.
When a block is solved the miner that found the solution can simply credit themselves with the reward (currently 25 bitcoin) to their own bitcoin address...
Private keys are just numbers, you do not need to be connected to the internet or bitcoin network to generate a private key... it's simply pick a number from 0 to a big number like 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.
From a private key you use a maths function to generate the associated address for that key.  You can now give that address to someone to send bitcoin to.    At no point have you needed to be connected to the internet to receive those funds.
Now to spend them you'll need to know that private key and interogate the blockchain for the transaction identifier where you were sent the funds.  Using that you can again go offline, create a data string that describes where you want to send your funds and 'sign' it with your private key to get a unique value that is related to your transaction and public key showing you must know the private key.  With that data string you can now publish this on the internet/bitcoin network and your funds will be transferred.  I.e. at no point does your private key need to be shared or known on the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2015-07-01 09:21:31
MyCelium comes highly recommended.
@_date: 2015-07-12 21:04:21
I guess it would make sense in a country where people didn't have laptops but did have a smart phone.  It could sync the blockchain at night thereby giving 12 hour settlements and use a SPV during the day.
I'm not a huge fan of everyone having a copy of the blockchain myself as it's vastly redundant and should be seen more as settlement rather than recording every single transactions but is great to know it's possible if necessary.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:58:20
Could have done with adding NSFW... 
@_date: 2015-07-12 21:34:30
You should probably use your own wallet where you control the private keys.  Try electrum on PC/Mac or Breadwallet on iOS or MyCelium on Android for instance...
@_date: 2015-07-13 00:58:24
Organisations can block bitcoin by blocking access to know routes to the bitcoin network.  What this means in practice is blacklisting the main port bitcoin works on.  If that was done however it would be possible to modify the core to use say port 80 to hide it amongst normal http traffic so blocking a port is not really worth the effort because it's so easy to change.
Next would be blacklisting the IP addresses of bitcoin nodes that you need to contact to interact on the bitcoin network.
Again, this is "whack a mole" tactics as you only need 1 IP to work. 
Also you don't have to connect directly to a IP but instead could use relays so all of these would have to be identified and blocked.  This would be a manual process to begin with but eventually you could use software to ping a port and look for a bitcoin protocol response and black list it automatically that way.
From this you'd then encourage devs to use encryption or other techniques to obscure the responses to avoid this sort of banning... this would be great for the criminals but bad for the country as now it's even harder to track transactions.  Finally there's tor and other routes to bypass filtering and so on and so on.
Remember a transaction is usually just a few hundred bytes that needs to reach one of the nodes anywhere in the bitcoin network to function.  This means even carrier pigeon, hand written, phone call, sms, etc... can all be used to transmit a valid transaction and doesn't need a direct internet connection to work.  There are even examples of people using radio transmissions to make a transaction and broadcast the blockchain.
 
The key point here is that the 'connectivity' is easily adaptable so if it's limited in one way it's easy to technically circumvent the censoring.
Also keep in mind what banning it means in practice... most law abiding citizens in that country would adhere to the ban and stop using it... it clearly wouldn't stop those using it for nefarious purposes however since they're already up to no good.  Therefore banning bitcoin is potentially going to have an adverse effect for that country's economy by excluding their citizens and companies from the new digital global market that's emerging.
@_date: 2015-07-10 09:33:12
It's recommended to never reuse an address... the reason is when you spend from an address you need to publish the public key that generates the address in the blockchain.
In theory with a quantum computer or the likes people can reverse the public key-&gt;private key combo.  Right now this is clearly not something the public could do but in future it is quite possible hence your funds would become at risk should that happen.
This is why HD approaches are considered a better practice now where you derive all the private keys from that seed and never reuse an address.(i.e. your change in a transaction always goes to a new address)
@_date: 2015-07-13 09:35:17
Whilst you're right about time overcoming this, there are a lot of practical issues needing to be solved with people using bitcoin for day to day spending as a currency, trust should not be one of them.
Right now it's a great settlement system and an alternative store of value outside of the banking system.
It's the other parts, usability, legality, scalability... these must be addressed before it should be considered as a mainstream which again will just take a year or two more to address by the looks of things.
@_date: 2015-08-18 13:31:42
Whilst I'm no expert, yes I code things with asymmetric cryptography nearly every week so fairly confident I know how it works.
You can encrypt the hash of something(i.e. the message) with the private key, now publish the public key and encrypted hash(i.e. the signature) and now anyone can decrypt this signature to get back to the message hash irrefutably proving you are the person who knows the private key without ever exposing it.
ECDSA is slightly different signing process using a random point but the principal is exactly the same.
Satoshi certainly knows this far better than I do and even I know how to do this ;)
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:53:52
I would expect so, blockchain.info whilst it gets slammed from time to time is generally very good introduction to bitcoin IMHO.
This does have SMS and 2FA.
I expect Circle and coinbase are even slicker but then I'm not sure if you have access to the private key like you do with blockchain.info.
Otherwise I'd suggest Electrum on a PC.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:48:08
I've only invested a little in the ones that are pioneering totally new concepts...
NXT, Peercoin, Namecoin, Factom
They may all well nose dive like every other alt normally does (I normally steer well clear of alts or recommending them) but these stand out as doing something unique not feasible with current implementation of Bitcoin (or backed by bitcoin) or do something very different and worth having a little skin in the game.
@_date: 2015-07-09 15:43:59
UK go to coinfloor.co.uk or bittylicious
Elsewhere you can consider localbitcoins.com
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:19:46
You may like to take a peek at this as reference but I'd have thought your bes tchance would have been via coinb.in and manually crafting the transaction.
My guess is once a node is aware of a pending transaction that spends the funds you have to wait until it's discarded from their mempool... but that's speculation due to Peter Todd's recent controversial request for "Replace By Fee" option that would enable exactly what you're after.
@_date: 2015-07-13 18:05:46
Yes, I agree this is a significant part of why people don't take the time to learn about it as they've never known any different or see the reason to bother.
@_date: 2015-07-09 16:47:38
I thought it would be a no brainer that Mastercard would be the first card payment provider to accept bitcoin given Xapo and others recently announced a MC card for bitcoin backed transactions but after reading that article perhaps Visa is more pioneering than I gave them credit for.
It would be yet another incredible twist if they take the market from Mastercard by launching bitcoin deposits first.  
Interesting times...
@_date: 2015-07-13 09:16:03
Can anyone ELI5 why Charlie is in prison?  
Did he do something other than run a company that exchanged USD/bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-07-13 13:25:35
I beg to disagree, there are a lot of usability qwerks that need addressing... mostly around the services built on top of bitcoin.
The fact that people complain about it being difficult is proof enough far more needs to be done to address this and it will just take more time.
* Converting fiat-&gt;btc-&gt;fiat is a pain in the ass.
* bitcoin addresses/qr codes are too lowlevel, a higher abstract person-&gt;address is required for general public transactions. 
* Keeping private keys secure on your PC is definitely a risk for the general public... Trezor and the likes solve this but there needs to be wider adoption in all wallets for trezor and equivalents.
* Feedback from the system on the status of a transaction is very low level.  People just want to know if it was successful or not, not give a crap about confirmation numbers or TXIDs.
* Debit and credit cards backed by btc balances are in their infancy... they need apps to show balances in local fiats for instance.
* The introduction to bitcoin is very steep, especially if you're not familiar with computer systems.
As it approaches 'click and spend' I believe these will be solved, it's vastly easier now than a few years ago but it's still got a lot more to be done before mass adoption could occur.
@_date: 2015-07-09 09:51:55
Welcome to the party held on a rollercoaster!
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:42:05
Bitcoins are merely balances held in the global database called the blockchain.  The database can be thought of as Excel where the row number is the address and the contents in column A holds the balance of bitcoin at that address (e.g. 0.15btc)
If you have the password (called the private key which is merely a vast number) to a row/address you can send the bitcoin stored at that address to another address in this  database.
This means anyone with that password can make the transfer from anywhere in the world.
@_date: 2015-07-09 23:12:08
It's an interesting creative idea, good job on innovating something I've not seen here before.  
That all said and done, you asked for holes in the concept so the issues I see with it are
* If someone gets ahold of your generator kit they have only 58^4 permutations to try.  This is actually quite trivial to do in a day but is unlikely given it's a physical thing they'd have to steal.  To counter this you could simply have more wheels or have multiple disks to swap in and/or a password on top of it all.
* It is generating a private key, which is great for paper wallet style long term cold storage.   Once used the whole thing needs to be discarded as you shouldn't reused that address once you spend from it given your public key will now be published on the blockchain.  A solution is do this same thing but with the HD 12/24 word seed generation.
* How can a user be assured that the code wheels you're generating are not deterministic?  I.e. if you print the same wheels out for everyone it clearly wouldn't be very secure.  People will need to trust you that you've not recorded which wheels are printed out and/or give the user the ability to print their own out.
I think for novelty there is something to be said about this but from a security point of view it looks like it has some issues that need to be addressed for a cold storage system.
@_date: 2015-09-02 15:32:10
Yeah go for it... although you'll need to buy some ASIC usbs to put into the laptop if you want to earn anything over $0.01 in several years worth of mining.
With a USB miner you might be able to make something like $20 per year.
(Totally guessing but it's that sort of order of magnitude)
@_date: 2015-02-08 21:22:03
Sorry, didn't realise it was a year old, just read it on another sub-editor that was posted recently as found it really helpful.
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:49:39
They way I look at it, what sort of bug could cause this?  Let's imaging a few scenarios
* a bug allowed people to somehow spend funds from anywhere OR someone can create their own funds.
We've actually had this in the past a couple times.  The solution was to modify the core reference client to fix this bug, deploy the fix and let the miners carry on.  A hard fork was made that 'undid' the transaction(s) that were faulty.  The protocol is designed for such a scenario, when the client is run those erroneous blocks will be ignored by new clients while new valid ones are created and old clients would see those erroneous blocks become orphaned as a longer new chain emerged.  I.e. no long term harm came from it.
* A subtle bug is probably far worse.  E.g. someone can spend 'some' transactions.  If this is because of a weakness in signatures or QC does some crazy magic. This would be tricky as it may be weeks before people notice.  Only when a reputable institution like a few big exchanges or vocal characters demonstrate their funds as stolen would something be done.   The only example I've seen of this is people reusing the signing random values thereby making their funds vulnerable.  Again this was fixed quickly and spotted fairly quickly too.  No chain reorgs happened however so this is more damaging if it were to happen again (one of the reasons I'm reluctant to something like schnorr signatures becoming the norm in Bitcoin first... all new tech has unexpected weaknesses)  Again is unlikely to cause any long term harm as if it happened frequently it would be found and fixed.  If it didn't happen that often it's unlikely people would be effected by it.  With everything being open source and a vast bounty on finding weaknesses like this it is unlikely to happen quietly.
* A catastrophic network failure of the P2P level.  This would be a 'meh' event. It could be fixed and the chain would continue without much interruption.  As far as I know this has never happened and no idea how it could happen short of ISPs all suddenly blocking ports or deep traffic inspection.  Again both wouldn't do any long term damage so an unlikely attack vector other than perhaps trying to influence the price termporarily.
Is it full proof?  Nope, the worst compromise would be signatures fundamentally being broken as a software fix would be tricky to figure out who was the correct owner of coins.  This is very unlikely to happen (and the entire internet would be hosed given it's the backbone of all https traffic).  
All other bugs I can think of a community agreement that the protocol had some weakness that needed updating would either fix it going forward or at a push do a chain rewrite to fix the most serious of errors... i.e. it's pretty darn impossible to break or stop now.
As Andreas put it, bitcoin is like a swamp rat, it's had everything thrown at it so it's immunity is a power house capable to fend off every attack conceived to date and well prepared to fight off the attacks  we've not thought of yet.
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:44:02
I fully agree, this is a great start and excellent when you know about bitcoin scripting but this is a debugger for bitcoin scripts and expects prior knowledge.
A few videos of it in action would become an incredibly useful learning tool... would probably take the developers all of a few hours to put some examples together and this will be immensely more useful to the world.
It would also be useful for a keyword help pop up for instance.  E.g. typing OP_ADD shows a balloon pop up saying "Takes the two elements on the stack, adds them, pops the two elements off the stack and pushes the result on the stack ready for future commands.  This command is accepted by the Bitcoin reference client"
OP_ADD/OP_MUL are pretty self explanatory but some of them are not... OP_CAT for instance.
Also shouldn't numbers be in decimal unless 0x is prepended?  Seems a bit too close to assembly without this?
I'm sure adding this sort of stuff is easy enough so the project is an excellent start.
@_date: 2019-05-14 12:17:21
Whilst I agree you're right that things have gotten harder to change, if however someone found a way to create new coins out of thin air I'm pretty certain a fix would be made and supported in a matter of hours since everyone's funds would be put at risk if it were not fixed.
@_date: 2019-05-16 08:27:07
If someone asked me which to convert my earned value to Rial, Dong, Rupiah or Bitcoin I know which one I'd pick but now this concept of a global currency is becoming ever clearer to the rest of the world.
It will never replace national currencies, it isn't meant to, but it is looking ever more likely to replace private bank databases.
@_date: 2019-05-15 09:26:40
The funds have been sent to [33aUCZrs2CkZyLhdKC1LwQMJfx1LWcgKma]( 
Is this your address?
Unless there was a very serious bug in the software or you've used a compromised wallet (unlikely) your funds should be fine.  Is there any chance you've sent it to the wrong address such as a past address used by another wallet or a previous purchase?
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:55:05
I couldn't agree more.  Knowing coins have moved once is meaningless as most people use a mining pool, moving twice or more is indicative of the coins actually being used.
