@_author: haniftradingat
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:31:52
Did you know that when you are depositing your money to your Bank, you are legally lending the Bank your money?
The Bank can legally do anything they want with your money just as long as they agree to pay you 2% interest per year. All Banks are running ponzi schemes by taking new lenders money and repaying back old lenders.
The biggest Bank in the british parliament's USA corporation is a private company called 'Federal Reserve'. That private bank Federal Reserve have been running the biggest ponzi scheme since the year 1913. They've been printing out new money to pay for their old debts. The Federal Reserve is still running that old ponzi scheme today!
Why would you lend your money to any Bank and only earn 2% in interest per year? When legally, you are obligated to be paid interest per day for lending your money (deposit) to your Bank.
If the central banks support me, I would've open my chain of Banks all over USA corporation and pay out up to 1% interest per day. That's right, each person who deposit their money into my Bank will be pay up to 1% interest per day. Then, I will take that money and lend out to other people or trade in the market.
Right now, there is a company called Bitconnect. Bitconnect is starting a new trend to educate the general public that they should be paid at least 4% interest daily if they were to lend out (a.k.a. deposit) their money to the Bank. Bitconnect currently paying out up to 4% in daily interest. I've already open an account there to lend them my money.
If you want to earn daily interest then use my referral link here: 
Don't worry, if they don't pay you, you can always file a class action lawsuit to sue them. All transactions are traceable. That's the beautiful thing about cryptocurrency.
Sincerely yours, King of kings and Lord of lords Cuong Truong 777
In the future, when people become smarter, they will demand all Banks to pay daily interest. It's pointless for the general public to lend money (deposit) to the Bank especially when they don't pay out daily interest.