@_author: hanneesh
@_date: 2013-11-07 13:00:31
For people getting into the whole deflation vs inflation debate, there are indeed a few schools of economic thought. Unfortunately they all serve the money power.
@_date: 2013-11-06 12:53:25
Hi Jay, nice meeting you last night. 
I made the sign, I'm very interested in finance, the economy and anti-usury solutions. Despite the negative connotations of anonymous I knew RT would be covering the event, and I am an avid fan of the Keiser Report.
The price of bitcoin hit an all time high today. I dare say this sign contributed to that in some way? Who knows. All pub is good pub. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 12:57:24
I am both glad and disappointed that you agree. If what you have said is the case, then BC is not the salvation of the masses I thought it had the potential to be. Nevertheless bitcoin is a shot heard far and wide, I just hope it is just first shot across the bow in the fight against the money power. 
As for your last comment, well yes exactly there's nothing wrong with not wanting to get screwed!
@_date: 2013-11-07 16:10:16
I have no qualms with people profiting from their speculation in bitcoin. That is the reward for their risk, and I congratulate the part time web designers, amateur hackers and computing experts who picked it up early. That's an attribute of capitalism and I'm down with that.
This post is coming at it from the perspective of BC being able to provide a fair money system however, to liberate the masses. As far as it being peer to peer and decentralised, limiting the amount of control over the money supply, BC goes some way to achieving this. The convertibility mechanism is also a huge plus.
But it does not address the interest issue, and is designed to act like gold. Sure that's great for some, and congratulations to the 0.001% like I said, but that does not mean that everyone else deserves to be screwed by govs and banks because they don't. They're just average people trying to earn a living. Austrian insistence that money must be a good store of value is a mistake; money is a means of exchange, and it is the agreement to use it as such that gives it value, not the other way around. 
The BC train is leaving the station, and while some may just catch up enough to jump on the back of it, it is still a shame that most people will be left behind forever. The only thing that can change that is alterations to the code. Until then, it's left to people to push on and take the best of bitcoin and innovate these aspects which it has left out. I was hoping that wouldn't be necessary but it's clear the artificial price hikes will probably continue indefinitely.
