@_author: hansnotximmer
@_date: 2018-03-29 19:21:36
You got banned for creating this sock puppet  and evading a previous ban, you liar. What you did should get you banned site wide by Reddit admins, if they choose to report you.
I'm sure the VPN your using doesn't care though (though the fact you need it to post on a sock puppet account speaks volumes) and you'll be circumventing the ban with new sock puppet accounts in no time! And those bans will be wholesomely justified and verifiable thanks to open mod logs.
You can bitch and moan all you want but you're so clearly in the wrong here it's hilarious. And you're lying about the ban reasoning, which anyone can verify. Stop lying so much.
@_date: 2018-03-29 19:42:28
Haha, yeah you just played yourself son. Keep doubling down on lies when actual open mod logs prove you are a pathetic liar.
You got banned for not spoofing a new IP after getting another account banned. You're a proven sock puppeteer. And you got justifiably banned for it. If it wasn't for your VPN you wouldn't be allowed to post on this site at all for breaking the rules over and over again (Reddit rules, not sub rules).
You can dislike my opinions, or link an old comment of mine where a shill was lying, I proved him wrong with sources, and then he kept lying... Kind of like you are right now (Dunno what that has to do with you breaking Reddit site rules). But you're a proven sock puppet that should be banned site wide due to using a VPN and sock puppet account to circumvent ban evasion. That's a provable fact, not an opinion. In fact, I'm reporting you to the admins right now. Hopefully you aren't spoofing a Mac address and will be hardware banned instead. At least then you'll need a new NIC to keep your pathetic lying puppet show going.
Link to your ban on the open mod logs. Liar.
@_date: 2018-03-29 19:52:25
You got banned for previous ban evasion. You forgot to change your IP address on your VPN and got banned. Again. You should be banned site wide for breaking Reddit site rules. I'll make sure I submit some messages to the admins to see what they can do to enforce it.
And stop lying about your ban reason you pathetic child. It's listed right here:
Provable pathetic liar and sock puppeteer.
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:08:49
Bitcoin Cash uses the exact same protocol as Bitcoin Core, minus segwit, so that claim is both unprovable and unsubstantiated. If you're talking about the tech in general and lack of innovation on both chains, I agree. 
If you're claiming there is no progress on BCH, that's also provably false. You may not like the developments and changes, and that is totally fine, but to claim there is no progress is a total lie.
However, I have a small GPU mining farm so let's be clear that my actual allegiances lie in alts with actual open development space. Not the BTC/BCH space which is destined for absolutely catastrophic failure with thanks to the current powers that be.
@_date: 2018-03-10 08:17:12
Already pointed out I'm a GPU miner, but yeah when you get proven wrong you resort to name calling. I've had more compelling discussions with cows.
@_date: 2018-03-29 20:03:23
If you actually read the ban in the modlog and not taken the OP(Liar)'s side immediate you would see that this guy makes sock puppet accounts regularly to avoid bans. He was banned because he forgot to change his IP address after he was banned on a previous account.
Stop supporting this guy. He is a proven liar and he has more sock puppets than we know of.
@_date: 2018-03-29 20:24:54
You need to be banned for breaking site wide Reddit rules and using a VPN combined with alternate accounts for circumventing bans. Thanks to the demo of you connecting without a VPN we can be sure at least the Reddit admins will get your real IP and MAC address. Thanks for all your help, liar.
You're awfully concerned about my posts. I thought we were looking at your ban, but of course part of your sock puppet shill play book is to shift the narrative whenever your proven wrong.
What a pathetic little liar you are.
@_date: 2018-03-09 08:25:57
Let's try being honest shall we? Nobody hates the code. You're either lying or attempting to sound like a blatant idiot. The controversial points were around block size which is a few lines of code, and SegWit which kills COVERT ASIC boost (note it still works on BTC now just overt). 
You're entire comment, unfortunately, consists of lies, exaggerations and a few childish insults.
@_date: 2018-03-09 08:15:01
Can you actually quantify that broken shit you speak of? I know they fixed the EDA which ironically saved both coins from death spirals, but you claim there is a bunch of broken shit when I don't think that's true as all. It's the protocol minus SegWit.
The rest of your attempts to gloat are built on the BS claim that there is apparently a bunch of broken shit supposedly that is identical to Bitcoin Core's minus SegWit. So they're not even worth responding to. Pretty poor comeback there based on no facts, but it's what I've come to expect from mindless hardliner Core fanboys. Which I'm well aware you are. I've had you tagged as RES for months. Very knowledgeable but you tend to lie when you get proven wrong. Kinda pathetic behavior but mindless Core hardliners gonna Hardline amirite?
@_date: 2018-03-29 19:11:34
Actually, this guy was banned for previous ban evasion. Hence his 5 day old sock puppet account who you are brainlessly sympathizing with. The modlogs are open and show the ban reasoning.
Ban evasion is a Reddit level rule, as I'm sure you know. So this post is weaker than your mental capabilities! I don't see open mod logs in this sub. Do you? You can't call it censored when the mod logs are public and the ban reasoning is legit.
@_date: 2018-03-08 15:44:00
The  Twitter account. Can't wait for you to mental gymnastics your way out of that one. Let me guess, account was sold even though you can't prove that and Twitter verified it's still the original owner?
Some people are just sick of Blockstream and Core. Their lack of progress and constant social media attacks are pathetic.
@_date: 2018-03-09 18:51:25
Yeah I'm a zero day redditor with 6 months of post history you fucking numbskull. You're a Core shill so please don't even try. I've had you tagged for months. You and a couple other of your blatant Core shill butt buddies all decided to get on your sock puppets and play with me now. All simultaneously too, interesting. Hard to keep track of who is who in this puppet show. Have fun in your safe space where facts don't matter and Core shills run free with mod support.
@_date: 2018-02-27 20:33:59
Is Centralization of commit access not a potential attack vector? I don't have to destroy Bitcoin, I just need to buy a few Devs.
@_date: 2018-03-08 15:55:00
That flair is incorrect, as you can see from my account age. Im a 0 day redditor with a 4ish month old account apparently? But great mental gymnastics. Almost 1 mil Twitter followers but I guess that isn't influential enough for you. You're a pretty common poster on here and your head is so far up Core's ass that you would shill cyanide pills for them if they supported it. And as if to prove my point further, you instantly attack me when I prove you wrong.
I just wanted to see your pathetic excuse and deflection. Thanks for not disappointing. Enjoy your echo chamber in fantasy land. Heil Core.