@_author: hanscorpio
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:36:05
When it comes to politicians, mockery works way worse than bribes.
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:17:31
Agreed. Bitcoin is where the Internet was in the 80s. You could telnet somewhere and that was it. OP woud be "who would wanna do that" while others could imagine all the things that could be built on top of it. Bitcoin is the piping.
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:54:29
Nice. I can't stand the max coin-pushing he does nowadays though, I think that's pretty much to rob hopeful newcomers to cryptocurrencies. Someone who built a career on criticising governments for printing money should know better. (Apart from that I think it's a good show)
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:13:18
How advanced should it be? You could create a simplified bitcoin network where each person in the class is a bitcoin node, passing messages on paper to each other and show how the bitcoin network can prevent double spends and builds consensus on who owns how many coins. Maybe that's too simple? (So your paper would basically describe bitcoin, but relying on a bit of honesty from the nodes(=classmates) instead of public key cryptography - that they can't forge other nodes' signature and stuff like that)
@_date: 2014-03-04 20:21:18
How could it not be easy to test only 1000 combinations?
@_date: 2014-02-12 17:50:23
I wouldn't worry, even this week has a better good/bad news-ratio, and less Charles Ponzi references compared to 1-2 years ago. If anything bitcoin has flourished in spite of the public opinion, thanks to technical excellence and a dedicated user base. So lets solve these technical problems...
@_date: 2014-03-02 10:49:26
I think it is because of the amount of verification that has to go into an actual release. BitcoinQT is about the p2p-network much more than it is a wallet, so the new features tend to be protocol-stuff.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:54:37
But they can't force users to upgrade. But I do agree that it seems like a weak point, maybe they have procedures in place that can prevent one, or two of them to release an update. Also, last time I checked, bitcoin.org didn't even have an ssl certificate.
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:04:42
Surprisingly good.
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:59:49
1) You don't need a certain intrinsic value, you only need it to be higher than zero. Such as two pizzas for 10,000 BTC. If you want to argue that the value is zero, the burden of proof is on you.
2) You think of bitcoin as a way to get rich or a store of wealth. It might be both, but that was not the problem it was invented to solve. It was invented to facilitate payments. And trust me, 800 is the least special number so far.
3) Digital currencies backed by established store of value have been tried and failed every time. See my other post here for why. (Decentralization isn't a nice-to-have, it's a must-have)
@_date: 2013-11-26 07:24:46
FWIW, I don't think the notion of intrinsic value is very helpful, unless we define it more carefully. I think that most people, but not all agree that gold has is. But how much of gold's current price is because of that intrinsic value? I think it is around 10% or so, that is motivated by its industrial use and use in jewelry, (someone might want to correct me). Either way, gold has an intrinsic value that is far below its current value store.
Now, bitcoin solves a problem that people have, and therefor is useful. Can a new virtual currency come and overtake bitcoin. Yes! Is it likely? You decide, but read up what has been written on the topic first. (Here is a good start for example  )
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:29:58
I am in the same situation pretty much. But at least I convinced one person to buy - my brother - which is worth a lot. As for the others I try to keep my mouth shut, but I can't. I truly would buy as many bitcoins as I could at the current price if I didn't already own any, and that's what I tell them. And I always pick up the tab.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:56:06
So what's the case for litecoin? As someone that was around at the time it was created, it seemed obvious that it catered to those that were sad that they had missed the BTC gravy train. Just changing "Chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks" to something else would have been too obvious and scrypt and some tweaked parameters gave enough of a veil to make it seem legit to those that wanted to be fooled.
I mean, just image the improvements bitcoin made on what was previously available, and what litecoin improves on bitcoin (little or nothing). Scrypt - correctly used - is probably better than sha256 but future will decide.
Then we had the whole circus rolling. Exchange X would accept to start trading currency Y if they were given amount Z for free in advance. And just look at the ridiculous arguments being made for LTC, comparing it to the gold:silver ratio.
A decentralized crypto currency is a natural monopoly. Everyone should want to use the same honest money as everybody else. If an altcoin with truly spectacular properties comes along, that one might be what will be used. But LTC is under no circumstances anything that even resembles that altcoin. All it does is confuse people learning about bitcoin, because let's face it, most people have never even thought of what money is, and why something has value. If there is an infinite number of crypto currencies, can they really have value? (Yes, one can)
@_date: 2013-11-26 06:36:03
Some arguments I missed from Stefan Molyneux:
The argument against a gold-backed virtual currency is that gold is physical and a virtual currency is information, and those two don't mix. So you need a trusted, incorruptible‎, third party to match them. There is no such party and there never will be. So you'll have to chose between physical or information, depending on which qualities you need. But you can't have both.
Bitcoin will start falling and then all the bitcoin-millionaires want out.
Bitcoin has already fallen in price twice, especially the first "bubble" at $32 (up from cents a month before) had a horrible long price decline after it, and wired published the infamous "The rise and fall of bitcoin"-article.
Volatility, not everyone accept it and so on. All of that is unavoidable if you don't want a government coming and telling you what it is worth... *by decree*
In the end, bitcoin is a payment processor first and foremost, and it's a store of value only because of how good of a payment processor it is.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:06:48
I agree about the regression theorem. It was a fine theory at the time, explaining things in hindsight, but I doubt Mises would have formulated it the same way had he been born in 2081 instead of 1881.
And I think that any discussion bending over backwards to try to argue that mathematical properties in numbers mined make bitcoins have intrinsic value is counterproductive, and we should argue that value is a social convention. And note that gold has the strongest case here as well, nothing is as certain to keep *some* value as gold, but it does compete with crypto currencies and I think that will hurt its value, but maybe this will lead to the end of gold price manipulation, so the price still might go up.
The keyword, as you have figured out, is bootstrapping. So how did bitcoin bootstrap? I guess we could argue that it was driven first and foremost by advances in technology; the internet, public key cryptography and p2p networking, and someone smart enough to put them together. At this point they enable something that has never before been possible. To transfer units of account (bitcoins) between two people across the internet without an intermediary. Then it was just a matter of time before a nerd got hungry enough to attempt to exchange them for pizza, putting a non-zero value on the unit of account.
Here, have my tip since you were too late to be upvoted (and I just found the password for my regular account).
+$0.30