@_author: hanwolo
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:20:06
For what it's worth, as part of the general audience I have no idea what Lightning does either. I've actually watched the interview twice and really all I got out of it was "software makes purchases go faster" with no indication of why or how. Which might make Bitcoin enthusiasts happy but doesn't make me want to get involved in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:54:53
Yes you did say that but what clarity am I supposed to glean from that? I don't develop software for cryptocurrencies so I have no idea what you layer on top of a blockchain. It just sounds like you're removing the blockchain from the equation which defeats half the purpose of using bitcoin to begin with.
But I have no idea because your explanations came almost exclusively in the form of metaphors. By what means is the "layer on top" verified with the blockchain or otherwise where is the transactional oversight?
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:12:34
This isn't a dumb question at all and trying to invalidate it is fucking petty. Bitcoin is being used as an investment vehicle right now, in much the same way stocks are. What you need to respond to these questions with is an explanation of how bitcoin might become stable, because unstable currency is awful.
And if you don't have an answer to that, and you're just going to stick with "price goes up price goes down you can't explain that" you're too fiscally irresponsible to be giving advice honestly. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:07:21
But why would a consumer give a shit about that? They aren't paying those fees, and bitcoin is nothing if not unstable so where's the incentive?
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:13:13
This isn't a dumb question at all and trying to invalidate it is fucking petty. Bitcoin is being used as an investment vehicle right now, in much the same way stocks are. What you need to respond to these questions with is an explanation of how bitcoin might become stable, because unstable currency is awful.
And if you don't have an answer to that, and you're just going to stick with "price goes up price goes down you can't explain that" you're too fiscally irresponsible to be giving advice honestly.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:13:56
Why are you even using bitcoin at that point?
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:24:05
Yeah that's my issue. I'm not really familiar with the technicals of bitcoin to any degree. I'm intimately familiar with current popular monetary systems though, and I have absolutely no fucking idea what lightning does after watching that.
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:47:56
I don't dislike bitcoin, I just think that in its current state it's irresponsible to use it as a general currency. I think its usage resembles a security more than it does currency.
 it sounds like for lightning to function in the manner described the bitcoins at least need to be moved into lightnings purview to begin with. So there will be an Initial transaction showing on the block chain for funds moved into a lightning wallet, and then everything is essentially run as a net deferred settlement when that individual wants to remove those funds from their lightning wallet.
 but doesn't that imply that the only transactions which are actually insured by the underlying block chain are the initial deposit in the final withdrawal from lightning? Transactions are slow even at regular banks but part of that is that they're validated several times.
Where is the validation or oversight coming from for individual transactions within lightning wallet, prior to withdrawing them to the block chain? So the only real question I'm asking is is lightning a service to give up the individual transactional security of the block chain for expediency? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:11:36
It's a perception issue, and even if you're recouping the costs by raising prices the customer does not ever pay a transaction fee. And people fucking hate fees, they absolutely detest them. 
It's like what happened when JC Penny tried to remove sales and just price their clothes reasonably. If people were reasonable as a whole it would've been fine but it failed horrifically. People don't want to pay a fee on every transaction even if it means 2% off. 
As a whole people will be swayed by "NO FEES" over "LOW PRICE" 99% of the time. How do you feel about paying shipping and handling for shit? You fucking hate it even if you think it's reasonable "free shipping" is almost a requisite at this point.
There would need to be a much stronger appeal than that to compete try to entice people away form the convenience of a credit card.
