@_author: haobcheng
@_date: 2015-06-02 23:04:08
Hi, backend developer at BlockCypher here.
First off, RBF is a tricky issue. There's no one answer to your question, so here's a few:
1) There has been speculation on the mailing list that replace by fee is widespread. We have collected a significant amount of data with respect to the versions of software miners are running and the success rate of attacks using replace-by-fee, and we have also spoken to mining pool operators. Our data does not support the claim that replace by fee is widespread, and frankly indicates that replace-by-fee, if it exists in the wild at all, is very rare.
2) Replace-by-fee, if miners are using it, is not an automatic double-spend avenue. The attacker must still communicate the double spend to the relevant miner, who, if they are running a RBF fork of bitcoind, will likely relay it. (This excludes the purely malicious case, which is another discussion entirely). 
Our bitcoin implementation is a first-seen mempool in terms of tx acceptability, but we do keep and monitor all subsequent double spends. Additionally, we connect to a large portion of the bitcoin nodes run by the mining pool operators. Any replace-by-fee attempt against a non-malicious miner running a RBF fork will likely be heard by us and registered as a double spend.
This does, of course, increase the double spend timing window in a way that is currently out of scope, so:
3) The confidence factor is a risk management tool based on continuous monitoring of double spend attempts, attack vectors, and success rates. Should replace-by-fee become more prevalent in the future and easier to pull off, the factor will evolve with time to reflect that.
As it stands today, unconfirmed transactions can be accepted with a high degree of safety for low-risk transactions. This isn't theory or postulation; the confidence factor has been a core component of our services for quite awhile (although always evolving), and companies have built multi-million dollar startups using it as one of their core pillars.
@_date: 2015-07-17 00:47:38
I can assure you that merchants that directly interact with Visa et al (of which there are very few) quickly learn the workings of credit card chargebacks and how to mitigate their impact.
Regardless, for most merchants the barrier will be high- that's why merchant services companies exist. Your neighborhood coffee shop is not dealing directly with Visa; nor are they dealing directly with the bitcoin protocol or even with us. They are using companies like Bitnet that abstract away those things, and in turn use us to help secure their transactions.