@_author: happy2harris
@_date: 2016-01-27 16:39:03
Old-ish thread, but I wanted to give you some support since I had a similarly disappointing experience with coinbase. In your case, the fact that the transaction has to "complete" does not seem, in my interpretation, to mean that it has to complete by any particular date. When you buy stocks and shares, it often takes a few days to "close". But you still get the price and conditions agreed upon originally - they can't be changed later. 
Here's what it boils down to, in my opinion: coinbase is not like a local bank or a retailer. If something goes badly with an interaction, they will not try to make it right. You are stuck, with no recourse except the courts, which you are obviously not going to do for $75.
By the way, "caveat emptor" refers to the sale of real estate or similar goods, in which the seller knows more about the condition of the property. It does not refer to the interpretation of sleazily written contracts.
My experience was as follows: I received an email due to a referral from a friend with the subject "Get $10 of bitcoin for free when you buy $100 or more of bitcoin. Download the app now!". I did this, and bought $100 of bitcoin. No $10 appears. Here is the entire contents of the online chat I had with a customer representative:
Henry: Hello there! How can I help you today?
→I signed up after receiving a referral email with the subject "Get $10 of bitcoin for free when you buy $100 or more of bitcoin." Now that I have bought $100 of bitcoin, do I need to do anything to get my additional $10?
Henry: The following article will explain the referral credit in detail as well as give you some possible reasons why you did not receive it. 
→Are you saying that I am not going to receive it?
Henry: It's all automated. If you haven't received it, the link I gave you provides some reasons why.
[→ a diatribe about how it's good to know that coinbase doesn't care about their customers, since they know that there is nothing their customers can do about it when things go wrong. Unfortunately I deleted it by mistake ]
Henry: Sorry to disappoint!
→I really don't think you are that sorry.
I have no idea if Henry is a real person, or a semi-intelligent computer program.
Now, there are a number of legitimate reasons why I perhaps didn't get it. Maybe since there was a $1 fee to make the purchase, I only got $99 so it didn't count as $100. Maybe the value of the bitcoin once the transaction completed had gone down a bit, so it didn't count as $100. Maybe I didn't click on some link in an email somewhere that never told be I had to click on a link. I don't know. And their employees don't know and don't care.
