@_author: happydoge5
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:48:38
I'm a 50 year old lawyer, not a "short-sighted dumbfuck kid" as you say.  The wise ones understand that Bitcoin will be for investors to store wealth or companies transfer funds internationally.  That's just reality.  Whereas Dogecoin has so much coin, and such a huge following already, that it will spread much more easily throughout the world rather than be hoarded for speculation.  DOGE is a coin for the regular people, not the investors.  
Of course Bitcoin &amp; Litecoin will survive and thrive.  But so will Dogecoin, because beyond numbers, it has something that no other coin has - a personality.  The coin that's the most fun to have and use for the most amount of people, will be the most used currency of the future.  (That's not to say that there won't be several other success stories.)  So rather than fight everyone about Dogecoin's energy &amp; momentum, embrace it.  Diversify.  Everyone who has been trading on the various exchanges to buy Dogecoin in exchange for their Bitcoin does - and that's alot of people!  Get a healthy amount of Dogecoin and you will lose the fear that Dogecoin will outshine your Bitcoin.  There's no reason not to have both.  
There's so much hate by these BTC &amp; LTC folks because instinctively, everyone knows Dogecoin will become stronger and more popular over time.  With sheer numbers, the energy our community has, and a personality we all can relate to, it's inevitable.  But a rising tide can lift all ships.  Buy some Dogecoin, embrace it, and enjoy life.  Life's too short to fight something like when you can just diversify.  All wise people do.  
DOGE won't ruin Bitcoin's chance at success - as long as Bitcoin doesn't try to stand on its own as the one-and-only currency.  If it does, then it will face resistance and competitive pressures from every other coin.  Life's too short to stress when you can avoid it so easily by diversifying.
I'm a professional.  I'm 50 years old.  And I love Dogecoin.
That should speak volumes.