@_author: happy_abclicker
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:33:13
Blockchains scale, to a degree. They don't scale infinitely
But neither does anything.
With a larger blocksize (can't imagine who is doing that) and some accountability-backed delayed payment (lightning may accomplish this, I don't know enough to be certain one way or the other), I think it could replace credit cards in functionality. In large part because credit cards already use a system of "Okay, we put a note that we'll make a transfer but we haven't done it yet" but are also large enough entities that they can enforce that.
Now, what won't scale is power consumption, but that theoretically would be less of an issue if we had fewer, larger, nodes. But that is an entirely different can of worms and goes back to "as time approaches infinity, cryptocurrencies become credit cards"
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:58:46


The same way they tax any income


I don't think you do.
Believe it or not, but paying people in goods/commodities is already a known quantity. You haven't found some magic loophole in tax law that was forever untouched.
From 


And clicking on through to "Virtual Currencies" 


So yeah, you would pay income tax because that is your income. And it would be on you if you want to pay all your taxes later or if you want to pay them as you receive them (generally folk do the latter), but you can be sure that your employer is going to inform the IRS of how much you made on that W2 form.
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:01:19
Pretty much. They have zero reason to defend or advocate for bitcoin. Once you take away the bias, all you can do is report on it from a technical (power consumption due to mining, scalability of blockchain in its current form, etc) perspective and to provide historical context. Neither of which is not flattering.
Of the more rational pro-bitcoin people, the usual argument is that historical precedent needs to be taken with a grain of salt due to the nature of cryptocurrencies. I personally disagree with that strongly (like with all "New tech", we can learn a lot from the last time we cocked it all up), but I do feel Ars would benefit from finding someone coherent to argue "the other side" at some point. It isn't their mandate or even their format, but I think they are mainstream enough that a good back and forth discussion piece could be beneficial to everyone.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:49:29
And that is why I think places like this subreddit are one of the biggest things holding cryptocurrency back.
Regardless of whether you think it should be an actual currency (usable for everyday transactions, beneficial to third world nations, etc) or to be a commodity (what bitcoin is these days), the perception given off by places like this and the more vocal idiots in the public eye just make you all look like a bunch of selfish lunatics who want to get rich quick
And while groups are obviously not homogeneous, it doesn't help when you can look at a single screen at 1080p and see "A: Fucking upper class abused us and subjugated us forever, we need a change" "B: What about the little people?" "A: Fuck the little people, I'm gonna get mine"
Get rid of the people like this and the folk who insist on talking about how they can use it to avoid taxes and buy illegal things under the table, and we'll see actual adoption in a meaningful capacity. Maybe not Bitcoin itself (at this point, it is an investment commodity, not a currency), but a successor or a fork that resolves the four big issues:
1. Democracy. Everyone can use it and everyone can contribute to its rise. The former requires drastically reducing the transaction costs and the latter is probably going to need something like a memory-bound algorithm so that we don't just see some warehouse in China increasingly collect the new resources. Theoretically this can also be solved as we reach the point that scarcity becomes a factor, but by then it is likely too late.
2. Respectability: It needs to become something that your grandmother would use, not something associated with children, morons, and drug dealers. Hopefully stuff like bitcoin future trading will help, but I am skeptical
3. Stability: Even if there were zero transaction fees with bitcoin right now, (normal) people aren't going to use it to buy a pizza because it is just too volatile. And even if you did, the pizza boy would want it converted to fiat immediately. And, speaking practically, the idea of a faction like Satoshi (whatever you want to think) having the ability to destroy the value of the currency by even accessing one wallet is terrifying
4. Empathy: This is what we are seeing a complete lack of here. If your argument is that this is something everyone can use and that will benefit people, don't walk around talking about fucking over poor people OR coming across like you want to lynch the rich.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:37:54
In all fairness, most of the rambling and "call to action" posts in this subreddit do the same thing.
And the really sad part is that this is where a lot of newbies come to try to understand what a cryptocurrency is. AH well, we'll always have the drug dealers, right? Oh, wait, even they are jumping ship...
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:58:12
It just takes practice.
Reddit likes to revel in its ignorance. It is kind of the MO of the site. If you don't want to develop bad habits, work on articulating your thoughts. Understand that people are inevitably going to reply after they see the first sentence of your post that they don't like, but you will get practice at expressing your thoughts in a concise but effective way.
Because "concise" doesn't mean "fits in a tweet". It means that you don't repeat yourself, you don't ramble, and you get it across. Similarly, reading posts like that (rather than saying "har har, you must be fun at parties") will make you more capable of discussion.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:43:44
Okay. So your selling point is a 10x return on investment. There are a lot of issues with "All or nothing", but sure. As long as you have a cap on "all". Hit the cap and sell.
If you have no cap then you are the person at the craps table who says "let it ride" until they lose everything. You know, gambling.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:46:30
with respect to your issue: Have at least two credit cards. Not only does that help your credit score (more lines in good standing) but that means you are set if, for whatever reason, one is unusable for a few days.
Combine that with getting different rewards. One of my cards is a flat 1.5% cashback on every purchase with a few special cases giving me 3 or 5%. I use that most days and especially for the 5. A different card has a rotating 5% category, so I use it for that one and don't touch it otherwise. But if my everyday card is unusable for some reason, I have the ability to still pay for lunch or do online shopping with no issues.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:24:31
Yeah... that won't do much on its own. At best it makes it harder for random users to figure out who you are, but not at all for reddit.
Unless you run everything in a sandboxed environment on different randomized VPNs, advertisers and other data collectors will still have a very detailed profile on you. Even if you delete your account, it just takes one tracking cookie or even same IP access and they can link you back to being the guy in Detroit who bought a dragon dildo last week and some lube this week. 
There is a lot of FUD about how to avoid being tracked (and also a lot of FUD about why you would need to). Many of the "this makes me safe" techniques don't.
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:45:12


Calling people "salesmen" and trying to do whatever else they can to discredit the competition so that their bitcoin value goes up.
As an outsider (I have a small amount that I already bought back my investment on), it really feels like bitcoin has become an artifact technology. Everyone is afraid to touch it because they don't want to "break" it (in this case, "break" being "stop the growth that nobody really understands well enough to act on"), even though it clearly is already broken (as in unusable for its intended purpose).
Other cryptocurrencies are making the changes for better or for worse. And rather than say "Cool, let's see if it works for them" the consensus is "Fuck you, you are stealing my money"
It really is sad, but probably for the best. When the bubble bursts people will be a lot more reasonable and there will be further focus on bitcoin as technology, not investment. I just hope not too many lives are ruined.
I would just like to thank the people who engaged in actual discussion. You are the good ones. Nobody has all the answers and discussion is how we increase our own understanding. And through discussion, bitcoin can hopefully be fixed so that the adoption of cryptocurrencies isn't set back considerably when the bubble bursts.
I ALSO would like to thank the idiots who proved my point. You probably don't know who you are, but everyone else does. Cheers.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:14:32
Yeah... no employer who does this remotely legally (and the signed agreement suggests they are) is going to do that.
Your scenario for a "double tax" is exactly what is happening. All taxes and IRS fun times happen in fiat and then they get bitcoin. Anything else puts the employer at risk of getting reamed by the IRS.
The capital gains is the questionable part. I am not a tax lawyer, but based on skimming the consensus tends to be "if you hold it for more than 12 months, expect to pay capital gains taxes". Which gets into the kind of situation where you definitely want someone to do your taxes for you and to be ready for an audit.
@_date: 2017-12-20 22:44:41
I am not sure how I feel.
A slow decline will hopefully help people realize "Hmm, maybe I should cash out" and minimize losses (especially among those who bought in "late").
But I think a few sudden drops on the order of 20-30% is what is needed. That will be a wakeup call of "We have to fix this". Because I think there is a lot of value in Bitcoin fixing itself. Bitcoin Cash is arguably "fixed" and is a pretty clear path to continue things, but showing that OG Bitcoin can be fixed will increase stability in the long run. Otherwise cryptocurrency will never move beyond being a commodity that people speculate on and trade for quick fiat gains.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:36:08
From my limited understanding of Bitcoin Cash, I think they do have scaling more or less solved by showing a path. They are no longer limited by bitcoin but instead by adoption and the number (and size) of nodes... And power, but the blockchain itself is increasingly limited by that. Assuming infinite nodes, they have scaling limits that are MUCH farther out (I am sure there is a point where block size and the other tweaks no longer helps). And with an acceptance of change, we can expect other bottlenecks to be resolved.
Whereas bitcoin could have infinite nodes but can't scale at this point. And the continuing resistance to change means that nobody is willing to solve the problems.
So if all of Bitcoin Traffic suddenly went into another blockchain, it would melt. Unless all the bitcoin nodes followed them, at which point we are back to the region where scaling is limited by adoption, not the underlying tech.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:41:36
Pretty much. No matter what the format, it always boils down to whether the mod team is controlling things.
The most common example is "Twitch chat is cancer". That is only true because most channels want to be super popular and have lots of users. The channels that actually want to have reasonable chat moderate the hell out of it and have it, they just lose out on the horde of idiots.
wants the horde of idiots so they can say they are popular.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:20:20
At which point: Why pay in bitcoin in the first place?
That is kind of where the vast majority of the non-shady vendors accepting bitcoin are at. "We'll let you pay in bitcoin. Just use this site to convert it to fiat so we never have to deal with it". Which I guess is great for people who want to use their cryptocurrency but is not good for the cryptocurrency and just further emphasizes The Pizza Problem.