@_author: hardwood2015
@_date: 2016-05-11 11:09:23
Thank you BR,  That absolutely, would be ideal, I had not even thought that might be possible. I was getting bogged down with customer buys bitcoin wherever, pays for product using btc to a an address that I control? I send to account associated with debit card. I withdrawl from an ATM.
I  identified an EU account from a trusted vendor thats legitamite albeit opened and verified by someone else. It appears to have low transaction scutiny, great flexibility, low fees, high daily and monthy withdrawl limits.
But when it comes to actually running 5K a week through consistently while remaining off radar things get murky. 
Currently western unions are sent to a receivers in a foreign country that prevents by law today the actually wiring to bank accounts. However he has the ability to send WU and 
MGs so I wonder if an exchange could be used to buy bitcoin  using third party WU payments thus allowing me to send on to debit card account all without a direct connection to me.
Your thoughts are greatly appreciated.
@_date: 2016-05-10 22:57:29
Thank you for the guide. My question is not specific to a particular exchange, or debit card account. But for years the offshore market was not particularly keen on verification of ID and my supplement program had no problem finding a good debit card account that could be loaded with my customers 3rd party western unions. Today, its all all about notarized passports and more for such instruments and the ability to find someone willing to pickup and load western unions is pretty much impossible formally in a way that would allow you to depend on it for a great deal of your customer payments.
I would like to recieve bitcoin for my small program that might do $5K a week in sales and stay off everyones radar. 
It looks like there are guys moving a whole lot more bitcoin than that. My question is about the state of verification and scrutiny on the part of providers of instruments for recieving, selling, and storing bitcoin.
Is it pretty much simply proving  a copy of a state ID and a utility bill, or does it go beyond  that when wanting to move bitcoins through and out an ATM in the amounts I want to move?
I see one can buy preverified localbitcoin accounts, and real preauthorized EU accounts with highwithdrawl limit debit cards. Are these worth using and if so, will you still have to manage movement so you do not trigger anlaytic exchange software?
Also, are some exchanges less interested than others in scrutinizing behavior once the minimum as far as KYC requirements have been met.
Thanks in advance for you responses.
@_date: 2016-05-20 21:01:46
Thanks BR,  I do certainly appreciate the effort you put into helping others.
