@_author: hariseldon4
@_date: 2016-04-24 12:19:58
I would love to see bitcoin become the currency of the future and I am pretty damn optimistic about it but I don't think putting all your life savings in bitcoin is a good idea, maybe 50% but not all of it. 
In the event no matter how unlikely it may seem if bitcoin's value takes a drastic hit due to some unforeseeable circumstance and you have to liquidate some of your bitcoin assets into fiat immediately, you'll have to liquidate at a loss. 
Having said that, Trezor is pretty secure, I personally prefer multiple laminated paper wallets for cold storage, something that is future proof as far as tech goes. 
Don't put all your eggs in one basket though, most probably it's not going to be a problem but why tempt fate, divide your bitcoin savings between at least 2 wallets.
@_date: 2016-10-03 01:08:40
That's brilliant. I'll definitely stay tuned. 
@_date: 2016-10-03 00:58:36
Are you developing a bitcoin debit card service in India in the near future?
The international bitcoin debit card services work here but are not economically viable for a ton of people due to the high fees involved in currency conversion to INR, it would be cool to have a local service that uses the local currency with fees that are manageable. That alone could encourage widespread adoption of bitcoin here.
The biggest obstacle for the layman in India is that they can't use bitcoin for their day to day transactions, especially micro-transactions.
I live in Bangalore too and know you have a POS service but a majority of the merchants here are indifferent to bitcoin and don't want to get involved in something that they don't completely understand.
@_date: 2016-10-03 01:03:26
I'm glad to hear it's in the works. Do you have any rough estimate as to when you are going to launch this service?
@_date: 2016-05-15 07:05:41
I haven't personally used it but they seem legit, there are other people who have reported that they successfully used it without any problems. 
The USD virtual card is cheap but you'll have to pay $1 as a monthly maintenance fee, if you are using the card for a lot of transactions, it'll be worth looking into.
@_date: 2016-05-08 08:44:23
That works well with localbitcoins but what if I meet someone on sites like Craigslist, not that I would prefer that over localbitcoins but hypothetically. 
@_date: 2016-05-14 22:52:36
You can find sellers in India exchanging bitcoin for Cash, IMPS, Paytm, Airtel Money etc.
They have an inbuilt escrow service that guarantees some security.
With cash:
1 - Find a seller on the site who exchanges bitcoins for cash in your city/town, most of the reputed sellers are on top but since it's cash there's not a whole lot of risk involved since you'll be meeting face to face.
2 - Make arrangements to meet the seller at a public place like a coffee shop.
3 - Make a trade request with the seller on the site with the amount of bitcoin you want to transact. That amount of bitcoin automatically gets transferred from seller's wallet into the site escrow.
4 - Hand over cash to the seller and mark "Payment Complete"
5 - Seller marks payment as confirmed on his side.
6 - Bitcoins from escrow get released into your localbitcoins wallet from which you can transfer them to your primary wallet.
The actual process should take less than 5 minutes.
@_date: 2016-05-20 20:39:31
That was an interesting read. Thank you.
@_date: 2016-05-15 06:59:22
Yeah, other than the advantage that an escrow system helps resolve disputes between buyer and seller, you also get bitcoins into your account wallet instantly without having to wait for any confirmation time.
Without an escrow, after the seller sends you the coins, you'll have to wait for at least some confirmations on the network to check if the transaction is valid. 
@_date: 2016-05-14 21:03:13
From India too, facing the same problem with the stringent policies over here.
You can look into services like [advcash]( and [cryptopay](
Never actually tried them out myself but they seem promising. They let you create a virtual credit card and load them up in USD/GBP/Euro using bitcoin. You do have to pay for the card which is not too expensive, less than $3. You can buy coins off localbitcoins and load them into your VCC.
@_date: 2016-05-15 21:10:59
The main hindrance that prevents people here in India from adopting bitcoin is not a technological one but sociological. 
Almost everyone has a smartphone capable of using a bitcoin wallet. They just need to want to adopt it.
It took some time for the people here to get used to the concept of e-commerce and giving away your card information online, only now after almost a decade since e-commerce landed in India have people really starting trusting electronic marketplaces.
The metro youth/tech enthusiasts demographic  are fast to accept new technology like bitcoin but for the rest of the country it's going to take some time to digest the idea of a decentralized currency without any backing authority. 
@_date: 2016-05-14 20:57:52
Actually even if the debit card is enabled for international transactions, the problem is that the Reserve Bank of India has made Verified by Visa/Master Secure Code two-factor auth mandatory for all debit card transactions online, while all Indian domestic online merchants(like amazon.in) follow it, international merchants have no obligation, so when the gateway requests the international merchant's side to take it to the VbV/MCSC Secure Code auth page, it says "wut?", so the transaction is declined.
That's the problem I am facing with SBI, while credit cards in India generally bypass Vbv/MCSC, *most* debit cards don't.
The only banks in India that allow you to bypass VbV/MCSC for debit card transactions are ICICI, HDFC and some others, that's why debit cards issued by them work with PayPal while others don't.
@_date: 2016-05-16 04:05:08
No, that $5 smartphone was a scam. As far as I know, non-branded china smartphones that run Android go for pretty cheap, but a nameless brand from China in regards to security is bad news.
But people here are not averse to buying expensive smartphones from name brands, most of the middle class sport mid range/high end smartphones, for some it's just a status symbol and not even utilitarian. 
Ideally, people should create their own wallet. We can't trust that the people who do the wallet creation and preloading won't stash a copy of the private key for themselves.
The main challenge is teaching people about security issues. Many people have such bad security practices, even the metro youth demographic that I am part of who are supposed to be "tech savvy", but unfortunately simply being able to get stuff done on a computer doesn't equate to solid security.
We are talking about some people who login into their bank account on a public computer and leave without signing out.
@_date: 2016-05-15 21:02:41
It would be great to spend my bitcoin directly without having to convert it into fiat by myself. Are you planning on launching some kind of bitcoin debit card service like Xapo that lets you spend at an ATM or POS?
@_date: 2016-07-24 10:14:18
Indian here. This doesn't really make a difference, RBI pretty much places a ton of unnecessary restrictions on everything, all in the noble pursuit of preventing money laundering, same reason people here can't use Paypal or conduct international transactions very easily, too blind to see that doing so is actually hurting the economy that encourages innovation and freelancing. 
Why would public banks, much less private ones, give a shit about public blockchains that decentralize control unless it directly benefits them financially?
The whole damn point of bitcoin is that we can have a global currency free of censorship and government control, I could be living in Antarctica but should be able to transfer value to an African living in a hut, provided a basic internet connection is available, and without all kinds of bureaucratic red tape getting in the way.
@_date: 2016-05-14 21:19:16
SBI is alright in every other regard, they have the lowest fees and are pretty transparent compared to private banks that have hidden costs, I think they are the only bank that allows you to open a zero balance full fledged savings bank account with no Monthly Balance Average(MAB). 
Other banks like Axis, HDFC, ICICI and most have a rule that you have to maintain an MAB of 10,000 INR at all times.
If only they allowed us the feature of manually bypassing this VbV/Master Card Secure Code thing. Vbv/MCSC itself is a really good security practice but it would be helpful if they have an opt-out so that it won't hinder international transactions.
Before you make an informed decision, I urge you to give these links a look. 
[Link 1](
[Link 2](
@_date: 2016-07-24 16:20:45
There are a ton but out of all I've used [Cryptopay]( and can vouch for their credibility a bit after trying them out a few times. 
They have a straight forward and minimalist interface that is really appealing.
They offer a virtual credit card for three currencies, if you choose USD, you'll have to pay $2.50 for the card but you can load it as many times as you like and use it for as many transactions as you want.
Verification is optional, you don't have to provide any information about yourself that you don't want to, but if you verify they'll lift the $2500 limit and make it unlimited.
Also there's a small $1 monthly maintenance fee for the card which is manageable.
@_date: 2016-07-24 10:29:38
I'm not disputing that fact but it's a walled garden. If you are an underage or college going person who wants to freelance and can't have a credit card or a full-fledged savings account with salaried benefits, it's almost impossible to conduct international transactions without a credit card with an insane amount of interest, most debit cards here don't support international payment gateways partly due to technical issues and restrictions.
I have an SBI account, and with it's global debit card that can only draw money from overseas ATMs and not make transcations internationally online, the only way I could purchase a digital product online was to purchase a bitcoin to USD virtual credit card and then make the transaction. I had to only play 9 INR as the mining fees for a 2000+ INR transaction.