@_author: harlows_monkeys
@_date: 2016-08-05 18:30:34
I'm sure he's legit this time. It's just a coincidence that most of his past business ventures have been fraudulent and dishonest, with the only exceptions being when he was out on parole for a prior conviction and so *had* to avoid doing anything dishonest lest he lose parole.
He's probably on the level this time.
@_date: 2015-06-02 01:03:25
Their business was borderline fraudulent. The only reason it was borderline is because they were sufficiently clueless that those aspects may have been accidental.
The discussion [on HN]( has a lot of interesting details.
They used to say on their site that "Sand Hill Exchange is backed by notable Silicon Valley investors, providing sufficient capital to guarantee deposits". Yet in response to the SEC action they say that a $20k fine destroyed their business. Doesn't sound like they were very well backed if $20k is fatal. They also say that the fine was personal, because they were not protected by a corporate entity. **W** **T** **F** **?** How can anyone set up a business like this and not set up a corporation to shield themselves from personal liability?
There was also this lovely activity on their part:
    We created bots to trade against incoming orders.
    They were like my friends. I even named them! My
    favorite was the “Jesse Livermore” bot.
    Opportunistic to a fault.
    The bots would run every day and place orders
    against each other so the market looked like it was
    exhibiting lots of price movement and volume. For
    added credibility, we randomly generated trading
    histories for each company going all the way back to
    last year. So we had historical price and volume in
    addition to streaming quotes for chart data.
    We pasted descriptive text cribbed from the websites
    of banks and registered exchanges to make our
    website look like a serious business. The Sand Hill
    Exchange Twitter account broadcasted information
    about market activity and stats. Our CEO relayed
    this to influential accounts, including a public
    discourse with Mark Cuban.
    Team members planted references to Sand Hill
    Exchange in the comments of high-profile blogs, and
    journalists took notice. The editor of FT Alphaville
    even wrote a post about us.
    25 days into our experiment, activity on the site
    was parabolic. Users were writing their own
    algorithmic traders. On most days, Sand Hill
    Exchange saw more trading volume than the New York
    Stock Exchange (circa 1840). Behind the scenes, we
    mapped out technology infrastructure to decentralize
    the exchange.
The source for that is this [Medium article]( by their Market Operations person, although that has now been removed, replaced by "censored ☹" . It's still in [Google cache]( though.
@_date: 2014-08-03 22:39:14
I suppose they could *try* to argue that the $4.95/month service fee is to maintain your account with them, it is not a fee on the card.
Similarly the ATM fees are for using the ATM, not fees on the card. Same for the fee for checking your balance at an ATM.
...and so on.
It would take balls of steel *and* brains of steel too to try that argument, but it would be entertaining.
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:05:36
The app blatantly violated one of the major rules for apps. Apps are not allowed to have major functionality that is hidden from the reviewers when it is submitted to the store, and then becomes available once the app is on the store.
This app was submitted and reviewed as an app to display information about the Bitcoin block chain and transactions. The functionality to use a wallet and to send/receive Bitcoin was hidden, only activating after the app was on the store and in use by real users.
The only thing surprising here is that the developer isn't getting banned, rather than just their app.
@_date: 2014-01-28 07:51:55
When you intend an illegal act to occur, and then take steps to make that event occur with the intent of making the event occur, and those steps have no other use other than helping the illegal event occur, you bear responsibility.
That is what he is alleged to have done. If you or I went to his site in order to further our drug purchases, we would have been stopped by the checks he had in place to prevent selling to us. He is alleged to have helped disable or bypass those checks for a particular customer because he wanted to help that customer violate the law. He is not just a mere seller who happened to sell to someone who later misused the purchase.
@_date: 2014-02-17 06:28:57
I wonder if part of the problem was Coinbase? They are registered with FinCEN as a money services business and state on that registration that they do business in all US states and territories.
However, checking a couple state lists (California and Washington), I see that they are *not* registered in those states. I've read that others have checked other states, and not found them registered there, either.
I can certainly see a bank being reluctant to lend a large amount of money to someone who has a lot of large transactions with an entity that appears to be an illegal money transmitter.
Bitcoin needs a major exchange this is actually clearly legal in the places in which it does business.
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:01:57
He [knows what Bitcoin is](
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:49:24
I think it goes a little deeper than that. The operations involved here look like they would take a lot of time (one of the steps is sending an email and receiving back a confirmation). If they had done these atomically, it would result in the account essentially being locked for the duration of the processing of each request. A user could only have one operation pending at a time, which could get annoying for the user. If you've got 1000 in your account, and tell them to send 5 to Alice, and then a few minutes later tell them to send 10 to Bob, and they tell you they cannot accept that request until they have finished sending the 5 to Alice, you are not going to be a happy customer.
What they needed to do is keep track of two balances for each account, not one. One of these is the "available balance", and one is the "pending balance". When the account is in a quiescent state, all of its funds are recorded under the available balance.
When the account owner initiates a withdraw, the amount is checked against the available balance. If it is less than the available balance, the withdrawal amount is subtracted from the available balance and added to the pending balance. This check and subtraction is done atomically.
The rest of the processing of the withdrawal would operate with the pending balance, not the available balance.
In more general terms, whenever you have an operation that starts with a resource availability check, and takes long enough to complete that you could get another request before the first completes, you need to have a way to reserve resources so that a resource won't be overcommitted. It was the failure to reserve resources that tripped up Poloniex.
@_date: 2014-11-08 19:02:16
Forbes is correct. He was arrested yesterday morning. Click the word "arrested" in the Forbes article and it will take you to the government press release announcing the arrest and giving the date.
Perhaps you are mixing up this action with the prior civil action the SEC took against him? That was a civil action, and so would not involve his arrest. They are now bringing up on criminal charges, and so now he was arrested.
@_date: 2014-03-02 10:41:26
You haven't offered any evidence that PayPal has poor account security. All you've shown is that there are PayPal users who have poor account security.
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:07:32
First, let me rephrase: Apple does not store your card. They may see your card when you set it up for use with Apple Pay.
When you set up a card with Apple Pay, the card number is sent through the credit card processing network, much like if it were being charged. The issuing bank verifies the card is valid, and then sends back a token. This token is stored on the phone.
When you make a purchase, this token is sent through the credit card processing network, along with a cryptographic blob that includes information on who is sending it, the amount of the transaction, and things like that.
The issuing bank verifies that the cryptographic blob sender matches who owns the card, and that this transaction has not been processed already, and if all is well it looks up the token in its database to get the credit card number, and then processes the charge.
This is not Apple's system, BTW. It was initiated and largely developed by the credit card companies and the payment processing companies. Apple is just the first to implement the user side of it.
Here is an article that goes into more detail: 
@_date: 2014-04-15 08:55:23
He's not actually looking at anywhere near 20 years. First, Federal crimes fall into groups of related crimes, and if you are charged with more than one crime from the same group based on the same underlying actions, you only actually get sentenced for one of them. When indictments get reported, people generally ignore this overlap, and just add up the maximum possible sentence for each charge.
Second, to get the maximum sentence under the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, you generally have to have committed a very big instance of the crime, and have an extensive prior criminal record in this area, or are doing this as part of an extensive pattern of criminal activity.
10 years looks to be what he's actually facing, if everything goes bad for him at trial, and the judge goes for the high end of the range from the guidelines.
@_date: 2014-10-04 03:21:29
Google has access to your credit card with Google Wallet. Apple does not have access to your credit card with Apple Pay.
@_date: 2014-11-08 19:07:11
The SEC brought a civil suit against him months ago (and won).
Separately, the DOJ has just filed criminal charges against him, and he was just arrested arrested.
@_date: 2014-08-04 23:25:42


And when the decentralized ledger you use says you own a given piece of property, and the decentralized ledger I use says I own it, what do you do?
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:53:41


This is, of course, incorrect. There are tons of apps that allow you to pay for things via your iPhone via mechanisms that completely bypass Apple and via which Apple gets no cut. For example, the Newegg app lets you buy through the phone via credit card, without Apple getting a cut. Same with the Walmart application. Same with numerous movie and event ticketing applications.
@_date: 2014-01-28 03:15:27
In related news, the sea level at Seattle rose thousands of feet last year. I obtained this number by multiplying the daily approximate 10 foot rise from low to high tide by the number of days in a year.
@_date: 2014-11-08 19:13:52
The charges were filed on the 3rd. The arrest was on the 6th.
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:26:36


I don't understand this. Several of the stories on the Mt. Gox issue have stated that it is only withdrawal of Bitcoin AS BITCOIN that has been halted. Withdrawal of your funds in other currencies, these articles state, still works.
Can't the people with stuck Bitcoin simply withdraw it in some other currency and then, if they really wanted it in Bitcoin, buy somewhere else?
@_date: 2014-01-28 03:27:38
Do you have measures in place to prevent selling your pogs to people who are using them for buying drugs, but are specifically advising some people, who you know will be buying drugs, how to work around your preventative measures?
If the answer is "no", then your hypothetical is not analogous to what he is accused of.
@_date: 2014-02-08 23:34:05
    Q1. What is causing the withdrawal delays?
    • Well, because Gox is the best known of all the exchanges, we have been under the regulatory spotlight.
    • This has created problems with government agencies, and also with our banking partners.
    • There are also some ongoing investigations, which we cannot talk about.
    Q.2 Sure, and this would explain the FIAT delays, but what about the BTC delays; you can’t blame that on anyone else.
In jurisdictions that have decided to consider virtual currencies to be currencies for regulatory purposes, there would be no difference between withdraws in dollars, pesos, pounds, or Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-08 07:35:17
Roughly, if you are selling something that *could* be sold through Apple's in-app purchase mechanism or is something that you can utilize of consume on the iPhone or iPad, then you have to use Apple's payment mechanism. If not, you have to use some other payment mechanism, and Apple gets no cut.
Your chosen payment mechanism may not be allowed for other reasons, but it isn't because Apple gets no cut.
@_date: 2012-06-19 21:45:30
If you don't know the algorithm, then you cannot justify calling 923 bits "mere". For instance, a good elliptic curve system with a "mere" 256 bit key is much more secure than 2048 bit RSA--it is equivalent to approximately 3072 bit RSA.
Here's what NIST considers equivalent for symmetric keys, RSA and Diffie-Hellman keys, and elliptic curve keys:
Symmetric|RSA and DH|Elliptic curve
@_date: 2012-05-26 10:36:08
@_date: 2012-05-26 10:45:43
When Bitcoinica was announced several months ago, there was an interesting [discussion on Hacker News]( in which the creator participated.
Also participating were security researchers and consultants, people who work on large financial systems, and one of the world's leading experts on setting up and running internet businesses.
The general opinion of those people seemed to be that Bitcoinica was impressive work for someone so young (the developer was 17), but that he probably didn't know enough to be able to make a safe an secure system and they almost all recommended that he not go through with this.
@_date: 2018-02-16 14:55:48
If you put together some hardware like this, and cause interference, two things:
(1) Do not ignore the FCC when told to stop until you fix it. They will know if you have not stopped, and the fines can be tens of thousands of dollars.
(2) If you need help figuring out how to shield your hardware to stop the interference, or with testing to make sure you have dealt with the problem, contact your local amateur radio club for advice. There is a good chance they will have members with the experience and equipment to help who will be happy to do so for free.
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:01:18


An intoxicating and dangerous drug that is regulated in order to try to somewhat mitigate its dangers, and taxed to help pay for the harm it causes.


A man selling in a heavily regulated transaction, where he can face serious legal consequences if he sells that drug in a reckless fashion.
This is not vary comparable to Silk Road.
@_date: 2013-05-29 07:59:39
HSBC, unlike LR, was not formed specifically with the intent of laundering money, and HSBC, again unlike LR, did not have the vast majority of its business come from money laundering and other criminal activity. Hence, your comparison fails.
@_date: 2013-08-23 02:46:19


That's not the impression one would get after reading the [discussion]( over in where many people found a lot of issues with the accuracy of the story.
@_date: 2013-09-05 21:02:09
Yes, because when I give money to a crowdsourced funding campaign, I don't want any protection against frauds and flakes.
Bitcoin is just slightly safer than mailing an envelope full of cash. Most people would find that too risky.
@_date: 2013-04-14 12:08:10
Only 25% of silver production goes to decoration and jewelry. 75% goes to industrial uses. It would still be quite valuable if the non-industrial uses went away.