@_author: harleycorn
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:17:46
been that way for me for over a week even the APP says try again later. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:38:49
yeah loosing btc i was in the same boat for a few days i felt like i lost alot and i was puckered at both end the salt was REAL. i personally know a few people that their lives changed forever. then idk it gave me the feels to see people so excited to be paying off loans and getting their desires. u cant really be upset over that cuz u would do the same. I've taken my new found addiction to all things btc and using it as inspiration. i read what people say where they are having issues,whats working for them to learn all i can about it. so that way, right after christmas i can invest and see if it works out for me. yes im waiting because christmas for me is more important. the success of others should inspire not make u feel sad there are still broke people in left in the world. there is still so much to be grateful for just stay humble.
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:40:11
lol i HAD 40 btc on an old pc when it was new. that pc crashed and life got bad left an abusive relationship, homeless for a bit  etc. i got my life back in order, needless to say no way to access said wallet or the pc. ive looked all over all my saved documents etc. why i thought i saved that passcode somewhere is beyond me cuz if i did it wasn't in a good spot. having 4 kids 3 having special needs followed by the student loan i have over us even 1btc would have been life changing. things happen. ill reinvest what i can after Christmas and get hardware to store my current empty wallet  and let it ride mayb in a year or two i to can celebrate. it sucks but stressing isnt going to change anything. atlest thats what ive repeated to myself 1 billion times in the last 2 days as nearly all my social media people are in celebration. i cant really be upset at their gain however i really do feel ur pain
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:03:26
nope only to use the app instead of the pc which ive tried then after 3 times itll lock me out for 24hrs FOR trying. the entire thing to me seems off. this is supposed to be one of the most reputable sites to buy btc and yet they cant even get it together to function properly.