@_author: harrold99
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:26:15
Don't let your government job, your anti-libertarian philosophy, your hatred of liberty, or your love of the state cloud your judgement.
Look at this ModernDemagogue's posts.  He has huge story book comments written every day on every political topic...always pro government, and anti-freedom.  Where does he find the time? Definitely either a paid shill, or a tax-payer funded government employee who has cognitive dissonance love for the state.
 
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:23:43
I didn't devle too deeply in to CryptoCoinSolutions post or understand the nuanced political races he is speaking of, but I don't agree with calling him insane.  It seems to me he is just being critical of the CDC, which is always going to be a good thing.  Don't insult those who are being critical of governments or organizations.  It sounds like crypto has been involved in politics in a pretty deep level, so like me he is furious at the corruption of these groups and the naivety of the general public.  They hear "bitcoin lobbying group" and think its some good thing for bitcoin.
This is similar to the PPA, the Poker Players Alliance.  They claimed they were for legalizing poker, but it turned out they only wanted to "regulate" it and make it more illegal in the hopes of creating a monopoly and implementing biometric ID systems that would benefit the PPA chairman and his company L3 communications.  Also they were taking bribes from Full Tilt Poker, which turned out to be a fractional reserve Ponzi Scheme.  They did all this while securing donations from us.  I was naive like you and supported them in the beginning.  Once you see how the CDC will be corrupted you will change your tune paleh0rse.
@_date: 2014-09-06 21:15:15
:: Government Shill Alert!!  ::
@_date: 2014-08-30 21:12:04
This is the dumbest idea I have ever heard.  It is shocking how you all can do this with a smile on your face, how naive can you be??  Why would you educate your enemy with knowledge that helps them defeat and slow down bitcoin?  
Charlie Shrem met with Ben Lawsky every week to educate him, and look how that turned out, the guy got charged with money laundering.  Don't be idiots.
This is so horrible that the leaders of the CDC are getting paid by naive bitcoiners donating.  These people are making salaries off of your donations, while educating the enemy how to hurt bitcoin.
Please stop....Boycott the CDC, end the CDC!!!!!!!
@_date: 2014-09-05 06:45:44
You are so cowardly.  It disgusts me that a pathetic coward like you would call the real men in this world children.  The Founding Fathers were also for limited government, which is why they wrote a Declaration of Independence, and Bill of Rights.  Its why they risked their lives and fought a revolution to create the most Free nation that ever existed.  If they were alive today, they would hate your guts.
@_date: 2014-09-01 07:48:57
Don't believe the shills in this thread who try to make this look like a conspiracy theory.  There is plenty of proof that the banks and government are doing this type of shilling:
There is also a leaked e-mail that Bank of America has a team of 20 people that help the Feds find protestors and anarchists:
@_date: 2014-08-27 05:43:23
This is horrible, please cancel this Education Day immediately.  If you were playing baseball, would you send your pitching coach over to the enemy team to teach knowledge that helps strike your team out? In football would you show the playbook to the opposing team?  In war, would you educate your enemy??  Honestly this is a very stupid idea, and there is nothing good that can come from it.
The road to hell is paved with good deeds.  Although you think you are doing something good, you are actually harming crypto currencies and the bitcoin community.  Stop it.
@_date: 2014-09-01 08:09:16
No I doubt he is assuming anything, since this has been reported on and is common knowledge to anyone who actually cares to research:
@_date: 2014-08-27 09:45:17
This happened to my friend before.  You have to double spend, by creating a new transaction with high enough fee, or fix the dust outputs.  The problem is most websites use a "push tx" feature that goes through blockchain.info, and blockchain seems to block it and pops up an error.  I believe they do this to try and stop fraudulent double spends.  After a while blockchain.info may "forget" your unconfirmed transaction, but until then you must push the tx through another place that does not go through blockchain.info
@_date: 2014-09-01 19:13:07
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  Don't be naive.  It is good to have hostility to the CDC.  They are educating the enemy with knowledge that allows the government to hurt bitcoin. Also Perianne and others are making salaries off of this organization, and that means they have incentive to ignore and cover up the more dirty aspects of an organization like this. This is going to be a corrupt organization that will do no good for bitcoin.  If you cannot see that, you have not been around the block yet in the political scene.  I have been there and done that, and that is why people like me and Crypto are hostile to these people who smile around like they are doing a good thing for Bitcoin, when nothing could be further from the truth.  I have seen your posts before paleh0rse and you seem like a smart guy.  Probably over time as you see the corruption grow within the CDC you will realize your error in supporting them.
@_date: 2014-09-01 07:58:56
Although some are surely just stupid followers, that is the point of the shills.  To manipulate the narrative and the public sentiment.  The stupid people make the shill's job more effective.  It has been proven there are shills:
