@_author: harryyplopper
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:17:30


Doesn't matter if they've made money by holding it so far. Future transaction fees will be high while fiat fees low.....that's what drives decision making, not past gains. I also don't understand how 
Venezuela/Argentina can be expected to adopt Bitcoin quickly since they have to buy it first and mining won't inject btc fast enough. Would you sell your btc for their currency? 




Naive. Most people care about convenience and cost, and are too busy focusing on making ends meet then to adopt revolutionary technology out of principle. If you expect people en masse to act on principle and pay high fees to do so then you will be disappointed. Just look at how environmental protection has gone over history to see how much of a motivator principle is.


Tired of reading this argument. The internet served MANY purposes such as data transfer, email, etc. that were realized very quickly. Cryptocurrency has ONE primary goal and it is prohibitively expensive right now.


Don't have to. It's a means of transferring money which is very simple to understand. Would love for the fees to come down on btc though to see the end of slow systems like SWIFT though




Terrible. I don't need to be a computer scientist to know that I don't want to pay high transaction fees or go through a significant amount of effort to perform functions that exist elsewhere. If I see a proposition that can scale properly then I'll adopt immediately. The discussion isn't about a broken carburetor......a better example would be an emission free fuel that costs $20/mile. Sure....you're saving the planet but will you pay it? Will you pay it if chemical engineers are saying the costs COULD come down in the future? No. You'll pay it when it becomes cheaper to do so. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 04:05:19
This is almost certainly correct. Coinbase is presumably focusing its development budget/efforts because of overwhelming demand for alts and casual btc fomo investors. Coinbase is motivated entirely by profit because they are a business......being able to meet overwhelming demand gives an immediate return. Focusing developlent on segwit to support the minority who want to transfer their btc to wallets simply isnt viewed as profitable.....their development budget is not infinite. 
The ONLY way that btc will see mass adoption is if it can scale to the point where transactions are notably 1) cheaper and 2) simpler to use than visa/paypal. If this happens, then retailers could offer a discount to customers paying in btc....people respond to discounts. If development does not progress to this level then whatever alt does will be crowned the new king.
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:25:40
The current state of bitcoin is not good enough. Mass segwit adoption would immediately cut the tx of each transaction by 65%, which alleviates the problem somewhat. If the innovation never comes to fruition then bitcoin will not survive.
@_date: 2017-12-15 04:22:05
"A massive part of keeping their platform running smoothly is *completely* dependent upon the Bitcoin network, which has built their entire platform and granted them substantial profits.  Withdrawals and processing fees are an absolutely critical piece of their entire business model"
How massive? Do you have stats on how much of their revenue is driven by investors buying and holding on exchange vs buying to transfer to a wallet? If the majority of customers fall into the former (as I suspect they do) then Coinbase has a HUGE financial incentive to focus on prioritizing transaction volume support over segwit adoption. Coinbase management arent revolutionaries......theyre just chasing profits. Its naive to expect them to do what is best for bitcoin. Its up to btc developers to provide average joes with the incentive to use it for transactions.....lower fees and easy use
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:39:52
On-chain transaction costs do not go to coinbase, it goes to miners. If they supported segwit then tranferring coins to another address would immediately become 65% cheaper. Doing so would maintain their competitive position with those customers wishing to transfer coins to wallets because they could remain profitable while charging lower fees in the fiat-to-btc tranfer than competitors who have not adopted segwit. This would be a powerful economic incentive for any exchange.....money talks and customers would follow that. The fact that this pressure doesnt exist indicates that the majority customers arent interested in transferring btc to wallets....which means that the majority of customers are not interested in its adoption as a payment system. Thats a bleak signal for cryotocurrencies in general imo.....segwit adoption seemed like a no-brainer to me and was one of the things that actually excited me about btc.
@_date: 2017-12-14 14:10:15
I find the lack of segwit adoption among exchanges to be very worrying. If the general populace was truly interested in bitcoin's adoption as a currency, then any exchange that supports segwit would experience higher traffic....but that's not what we are seeing. 
Hopefully lightning adoption starts to force their hand. The way I could see this kick off is if exchanges act as a type of "paypal", at least temporarily. I could see it working by a bidirectional payment channel between the exchange and certain retailers, where 1) alice buys bitcoin from xyz exchange, but is only able to transact those bitcoins through the LN 2) alice buys something on amazon 3) amazon immediately sends bitcoin back via LN to exchange 4) exchange sells bitcoins for cash, then sends it to amazon. In this scenario, a payment channel ONLY needs to be closed if alice (or bob or whichever subsequent buyer) actually requests bitcoins be sent to their actual address.....thus transaction fees could be small. IF this process can be cheaper than credit cards/paypal payment methods, and IF it can be as simple to use, then I'd imagine amazon (or whatever retailer) could offer a discount on bitcoin tranactions......consumers will respond to that, and then its adoption could slowly trickle after that.
@_date: 2017-12-13 14:47:18
The terms "hub" and "well connected counterparty" imply a high degree of centralization, which has been a recurring concern about the lightning network. If the LN depends on such centralization, why not just raise the block-size limit or lower the 10 minute block time to say 1 minute? Seems some degree of centralization inevitable
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:38:58
Blocks would still be full.....only so many transactions can fit in a 1MB block. You could try increasing the block size but look at how Segwit2x turned out....