@_author: hatchetbygarypaulsen
@_date: 2013-11-30 17:14:52
Several people have mentioned that it also takes time to sign up for a bank account, get a debit card, etc.  The difference is that the value of the USD (or your local currecy) is not skyrocketing while you wait for Chase or USBank or Coinbase to coordinate.
I had been reading up about Bitcoin for a while, and on Tues. Nov. 19 (the first day of the US Congressional hearings) I realized it was time to get involved because of how much exposure it was getting (the topic of the day on NPR's *The Diane Rehm Show* was "What is Bitcoin?").  At this time BTC was in the low 600 USD range. 
I signed up on Coinbase, linked my bank account, and began the "2-3 business days" wait for the verification deposits to go through. Nothing showed up until the following Monday, Nov. 25,  and finally I could buy some Bitcoin, which was up to 800-something USD by now.  I chose a small amount, 0.01 BTC, to make sure I understood the transaction and storage process.  "Your purchase of 0.01 BTC will be processed on Monday, December 2..."  - a full week, but it looked like it would maintain the current price.
Ok, besides the wait, purchasing seemed pretty seamless; I decided to buy a few hundred USD worth of BTC while it was still around 800.  "Please wait until your first bitcoin purchase completes before making additional purchases.  (Once your first purchase completes you can make multiple purchases at the same time.)"  
So I've watched the BTC price climb $500 while I've waited, from $630 to $1,130, and I still can't purchase a significant amount until Monday.
None of this is necessarily the fault of Coinbase or the banks, and I could have tried localbitcoins.com or another exchange (although most seem to have somewhat time-consuming verification processes as well).  I think the common theme here is that while the individual steps required to sign up and make a BTC purchase aren't too difficult, there can be several small obstacles with significant waiting in between, during which time the price of BTC continues to climb upward, and that can add to the frustration for a new user.