@_author: haulie
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:18:21
Er... what do you think BTC is, exactly?  It's not a magical money generator.  Like anything else in the world, you generally acquire it by earning or transacting for it in some way.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:09:30
This is like a weird, opposite-day version of "Blame the victim" logic.  Instead it's, "Sympathize with the perpetrator."
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:31:07
And there could be a teapot in orbit around Jupiter.  
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:32:09
I'd rather reserve my sympathy for the victim. Which is to say, *her* victim.
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:57:02
Without context, the point you're trying to make is blatantly intellectually dishonest.  
You're placing them on the same moral footing when they are anything but.  There's no further "story" to the old man who wanted his privacy.  He didn't do anything to deserve to have his life dragged out into the open against his will, and with no thought to his wellbeing.  He is, in the strictest sense, purely a victim.
In contrast, the "young woman" is someone who harassed some guy and turned his life upside down for the sake of furthering her own career.  She's not a victim - she's someone who's reaping the consequences of her own thoughtless, unscrupulous, callous disregard for another person.  
Her actions were proactive in nature - the actions of an aggressor.  The response is the reaction to that.  Thus, one of these parties makes for a sympathetic figure, and the other quite rightfully makes a target for disdain. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:18:06
Er... how do you propose to conclusively prove that he never at any point in his life secretly had access to that computing power?
Short of being able to conclusively prove where he was/what he was doing, you likely can't prove that he didn't have that access.  If, e.g., he had spent that time in prison and there were meticulous records of that, you could perhaps use that, but that isn't the case.
There's a reason the positive claim bears the burden of proof.  Continually amazed at how many redditors don't understand this.  Nobody has to prove that Dorian is not Satoshi.  The pertinent point is that Newsweek has not proven that Dorian IS Satoshi.  Until they can pony up some extraordinary evidence to back their extraordinary claim, the claim needn't be given any real regard.
@_date: 2014-03-08 18:18:34
Er... so what?  I've said "No hablo Ingles" to jerkoffs I don't want to talk to.  When you obviously speak English, it conveys a sense of, "Fuck off, I don't want to talk to you," without actually using those words.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:04:35
Good point.  It's possible he was totally flirting with her - leading her on, making coy, seductive gestures, showing a bit of ankle.  Maybe he really wanted it, and it was only afterwards that he was ashamed of what he had done.
Maybe it's totally the victim's fault.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:33:53
I think it's doubtful that you could give the guy anything that he would value quite so much as his privacy.
Well, except a free lunch, of course.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:06:30
It's well intentioned, but it's very unlikely that a serious model train enthusiast (which is what he sounds like) would have any particular use for what most people have lying around in their attic (which would probably be more accurately termed "toy trains").
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:12:15
It's a nice enough idea, but it's not really practical.  It sounds like he's a relatively fanatical model railroader, so the type of things that would fit with his layout are likely to be extremely specific - really the type of thing he would have to get himself.
It's possible he's even hand-making most of his models.  In all probability doing this would just annoy him without providing him with something he actually wants.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:00:55


Yeah.  If Dorian didn't want to be harassed by a reporter, he shouldn't have been running around ~~in that skimpy dress~~ with a name like that.  
Poor Leah was only doing what god and nature intended her to do.  She couldn't help herself.  If you think about it, she's the *real* victim here - not the guy whose life was turned upside down by her desperate play for her 15 minutes.
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:45:16
I remain unsympathetic to her plight.  I might agree with you if the sole issue were the veracity of the claim, but honestly?  Whether she has the right guy or the wrong guy is far from the most important matter at stake.
What's abhorrent is that she hunted down some guy who plainly wanted to be left alone, grabbed his life by the ankles, and shook his lunch money out of his pockets for the sake of furthering her own career.  She plainly doesn't understand that having a legal freedom to do something carries with it an implicit responsibility to utilize that freedom judiciously.
Furthermore, she has shown a complete lack of remorse for the damage she has done to Dorian - in fact, hasn't even accepted responsibility for it.  Every question posed to her regarding that topic has been deflected with false analogies and blame shifting.  "Rupert Murdoch is rich and everyone knows where he lives!"  "It's really society's fault if inventors have anything to fear from being known to the public!"  The only consistent feature is that *she* isn't responsible for the fact that, on wednesday, Dorian Nakamoto was leading a quiet, private life, and now he's a public spectacle to be gawked at.  
That her work was based on shoddy evidence is just a footnote at the end of a laundry list of unconscionable actions, and that she was able to summon up one sad little crocodile tear on CNN hardly balances the ledger.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:23:02
"There is always the slight chance this poor woman is right and this guy is just denying it."
That doesn't really make it all that much better, because it's not like the subject is a criminal or was somehow "deserving" to have his world turned on its ear so some reporter could grab her 15 minutes.  The moral difference between harassing the right guy and harassing the wrong guy is very marginal.