@_author: haumeander
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:53:07
To me that analogy applies to a lot of altcoins. Bitcoin has the fundamentals, as do certain established alts like Monero. Bitcoin is held back for sure by its scaling/fees issue, but there are a lot of fine minds working to resolve that, unlike dozens of promising sounding altcoins with a flashy website and PR but little evidence of a sustainable community who will stick with the project if it fails to make them a fast buck.
If there is a dotcom-style crash I can see Bitcoin dropping in value substantially but surviving to become a part of the 'new normal' with the hype and froth taken out of the crypto market and slower but sustained increases in value in years to come.
@_date: 2017-12-18 12:23:53
I realise there is a lot of trolling on here and there probably isn't anything I can do to convince you of the following, but for the record:
1. I've been following bitcoin for two or three years and been invested for about half that. The age of my reddit account reflects that I've only now wanted to get involved in discussions about it.
2. After the fork I cashed in some but not all of my BCH because I am inclined to believe BTC has the brighter future.
3. I really hope Lightning resolves the high fees issue, because it is a serious barrier to BTC's long term success. I have shifted some of my modest portfolio into Litecoin because of its faster confirmation and lower fees. Note I have not shifted to BCH. I dream of a cryptocurrency in widespread use both as a store of value and as something I can buy a coffee with. I hope BTC is the one.
4. Dismissing people who raise reasonable concerns about transaction fees as trolls and BCH shills is classic ad hominem. Why not present a cogent argument about how you reasonably expect the problem to be solved, or whatever it is you actually think.
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:31:09
Your wisest move is to do some more reading and research. Understand what BTC is and how to secure it once you buy some. Since it seems you may now be considering buying BCH read about that too: read about the block size controversy that has rumbled on for a couple of years now, the fork that happened in August this year, and the developments in the BTC-BCH debate since. Don't invest what you can't afford to lose.
@_date: 2017-12-16 01:46:23
You certainly do have to pay for the cost of cash handling, banking, security and so on when you use fiat to buy something. These costs exist but are not broken down for you, in the same way that it is opaque how much of your purchase price goes towards profit, overheads, raw materials etc.
Don't get me wrong: I think current fees are way too high to bring us Satoshi's vision of a currency in day to day use, and I agree there is a serious risk of Bitcoin being eclipsed if Lightning doesn't live up to expectations and do so soon.
And of course you're right that it doesn't cost you more in fees than the purchase price when you buy a $10 item. But there is a cost to transacting in fiat nonetheless.
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:34:13
"This Bitcoin is traded at 600 $"
Says who? It doesn't even exist yet. Is there some kind of futures market already?
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:14:51
Go and read about what BCH is and how and when it came about
@_date: 2017-12-16 01:53:44
It wouldn't, so the price would go to zero with many people left holding the bag of unsellable bitcoins. But you might as well say "what if everyone tried to sell all the world's gold at once?" A crash would not happen like that, in absolutes. If a lot of selling happens the price drops until buyers can be found, but even in a crash not everyone is selling.
@_date: 2017-12-15 10:54:45
If a trader, or a whole load of traders, place orders with exchanges to sell a large quantity of bitcoin if the price goes up to say $18k, this will act as a brake on an upward moving price, because buyers have to be found for all that large quantity before those willing to sell at say $18.1k get a look-in. Walls can often be found at round numbers. You can bet that if bitcoin goes to $20k a lot of people will want to cash out, which is likely to mean it may take a few 'attempts' to get the price to break through into the 20s.
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:40:25
Whether or not this guy is trolling, this is a perfectly plausible situation that must affect a significant proportion of the current bitcoin supply, where people have moved small amounts around in the past. So your response is pretty unhelpful!
@_date: 2017-12-18 10:57:08
Regarding segwit adoption, it seems to me that game theory comes in. If you as a wallet provider or exchange or other processor of bitcoin payments spend time and money being an early adopter of segwit you benefit the community, but yourself? Not so much, or at least, the payoff is some way down the line. And in this environment of rapid growth you are probably rushed off your feet dealing with current demand already, and don't want to complicate things, risk introducing bugs or devote time and effort to something when as far as you're concerned everything is going well. If you wait it out you can be a free rider on other people's adoption of segwit if the beneficial effects this has bring transaction fees down for everyone.
It's unfortunate that economic incentives in relation to individual moves toward segwit adoption may end up having a negative effect on the bitcoin ecosystem as a whole. I think there are parallels here to IPv6 adoption, securing of DNS or other upgrades to communications protocols, bitcoin being a protocol for transmitting value across the internet.