@_author: havoc134
@_date: 2013-05-06 05:21:42
Please post your sources, I am more than happy to concede that I am wrong when faced with hard evidence.
@_date: 2013-05-05 23:15:27
Exactly, you admit there will be a cost so it is not a 0% free transfer for all system.  Now that we have established that the bitcoin will need a funded infrastructure to grow to a global level it is not that different from any other fiat currency, except the behavior of its central bank is fixed.  You still end up with nothing but a currency that will continue to deflate until the end of time.  This leads to holders of bitcoins basically making money just by holding onto their currency, leading to a decline of amount of bitcoins traded.  This process will continue until the value of the bitcoin drops and while it may be traded again and keep going back and forth it will continue being only a speculative currency for regular people, while it may remain as a niche currency for online anonymous trading as it is currently used on silk road.  It is this inhability to expand along with a growing economy that makes the bitcoin not viable as a mass used medium of exchange.
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:18:19
Ahh but transfering value is a service, but not an intrinsic property of the bitcoin itself.  Transferring bitcoins requires a network of computers and a bunch of people running said network to ensure that everything is running smoothly.  Both the computers and the people need to be compensated in some way.  This means that it is not in fact a free transaction and if the bitcoin was ever to truly reach a global scale there would be a network much more massive than the one that exists right now.  Eventually there would be a need to pay for said network.  Basically you can't get out something without putting something in.
@_date: 2013-05-05 06:41:38
Not true. Stocks and money supply are not the same thing.  When a stock goes up in value (barring any malicious business practices) it means the value of the company, business etc. has gone up.  They become more productive in some way and are making actual goods and services.  When it comes to bitcoins we are talking about a medium of exchange, a way to trade one good or service for another without direct bartering.  By themselves bitcoins add no value whatsoever to the global economy, they are only worth what people say they are worth.  The real problem is the method of distribution.  Over half of the total bitcoin supply has already been distributed with a small fraction of the world having access to them.  This has led to the current bitcoin market that is full of wild fluctuations and massive amounts of currency speculation.  You are right, it is being traded as a stock and that is why it is destined to fail.  Though it is true that bitcoins have been gaining popularity as a currency due to the lack of regulation and backing from a government or similar institution, the lack of continuous supply will cause the bitcoin to rapidly fall behind the growing economy, this is a fact.  When faced with either a scarce, volatile and unsecured currency that is owned by a small portion of the population, the average citizen will stick with more stable currencies such as the dollar or euro that emphasizes long term stability and consistent growth.
I am not saying a virtual currency is a bad idea, just that in the long run bitcoins will become less popular and due to a lack of regulation decline in value and ultimately die out.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:40:08
I suggest you read [this]( and acquire at least a rudimentary understanding of what currency and money are.
@_date: 2013-05-06 23:14:34
This is one fringe school that preaches a non-accepted form of economic theory so no, I don't consider this any sort of evidence, not to mention you just linked an entire website as opposed to specific examples.