@_author: havocmma
@_date: 2017-12-08 09:50:49
Roger ver has squandered most of his bitcoin pumping alts, paying shills and supporting segwit2x and bcash. So he's not exactly one to talk either 
@_date: 2017-12-06 15:00:11
Central banks/investment banks naked short gold all the time.
Their plan is to do to bitcoin what they did to gold:
1. Inflate supply with paper derivatives
2. Dump bitcoin on the cash market
But there are two big problems with that strategy with bitcoin:
1. Unlike gold thats locked in vaults held by central banks, its trivial to audit the blockchain and see if massive amounts of bitcoin are being moved around, as well as checking the "quality" of bitcoin. If futures price is collapsing but bitcoin (cash market)trading volume doesn't match, its easy  to spot the attempted manipulation. 
Also, the big HODLERS dont care about paper trading price, they care if anything is compromised with the bitcoin protocol, anything wrong with the devs etc. 
2. To dump btc on the cash market, you have to hold it first. Individual investors working in banks might have btc, but institutions have put ZERO money in bitcoin because of lack of regulations and most importantly, liquidity. 
So what will happen is that institutions will pump btc to 500k by buying it en masse. Then they can try and crash the price. But this will backfire because:
a. Regulations expressively forbid this in normal markets and they could actually get in big trouble
b. If institutions buy up bitcoin all the way to 500k, they inflict themselves a massive moral defeat because they proved bitcoin's point. Imagine the psychological effect on the world if this decentralized asset is now worth half a million bucks per unit. So many questions will be asked: how the fuck is it worth so much? Why am I holding this shitty paper? 
Remember: banks suppress gold's price so that it doesn't humiliate fiat money and lead to people buying it en masse
c. OGs dont care about fiat price. If bitcoin hits 500k per bitcoin, the whole economic philosophy behind bitcoin will be validated plenty. To them saying the price will go from 500k to 200k will sound like "price is going from 500k zimbabwean dollars to 200k zimbabwean". Who gives a fuck about the price of a worthless asset? 
The only ones who get fucked from the future pump and dump of bitcoin are speculators. Once bitcoin surpasses 100k, the job of bitcoin's price in encouraging mainstream adoption is pretty much done. 
Let banks play around with fiat value all they want, they can't do anything to the underlying asset because they don't own the protocol
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:58:48
thanks a lot man!
I hear two versions of blockchain size: either around 30gb, or a wooping 150gb.
could you explain why?
@_date: 2017-11-02 19:12:20
600k lesson in keeping your bitcoin secured
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:23:33
by the tone of your message I can only be humbled at such an authority gracing their presence unto us. but before I grovel and rethink my knowledge of Bitcoin, can you explain what defines bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:24:58
true, mining node count is irrelevant in of itself. that includes mining node count as well though. its their PoW that matters.
the distinction I wanted to make is between "validity" and "consensus". You can have miners go do their thing and achieve consensus, but between a very few nodes running btc1 client. You might also claim its valid too, but only to the very few nodes running btc1 client. 
turns out, no matter how much consensus you build up through PoW, it means nothing if it doesn't have another condition attached to it: validity. This validity can be estimated by seeing how many nodes are running what reference client. 
If it was trivial to set up 51% sock puppet S2X nodes and carry out a successful sybil attack, I imagine it would have been done ages ago. But apparently its not because of the 1 IP address = 1 node policy of bitcoin (correct me if im wrong).
Of course, validity alone (number of nodes running a certain ref client) doesn't mean shit because consensus isn't achieved by validity, but by PoW. Yet consensus needs to be valid among the majority of the network. This is one of the many ways Bitcoin is so beautifully designed
I'm really grateful to S2X because it taught me the subtle but VERY important difference between consensus and validity. Because if validity wasn't essential, then saying miners determine consensus wouldn't be a conflated statement. 
@_date: 2017-11-06 22:27:47
I wrote, with the help of a friend, a more indepth look at the whole issue, check it out 
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:10:25
thanks again!
I heard some people say the blockchain only is around 30gb, while the other number is 150gb
could you explain why?
@_date: 2017-11-08 12:25:27
what chain "wins" is not reliant on hashing power. Its reliant on true consensus, which requires the majority of the network to validate the PoW done by the miners. read the post again, carefully, and my reply to bitcoinid and softcoin's comments 
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:50:57
thanks for the reply!
how can I get the basic command line skills? I'm currently watching Harvard CS50 lectures to get my basic comp sci knowledge going. Anything else I should be doing to learn what I need to get this thing going?
The landlord, who set up the wifi, lives with me and is also a former IT\developer, so I can definitely have him help me out
One thing though: I heard that the 1GB ram of the Pi causes the blockchain sync to get stuck at around block 300,000 due to not enough RAM, and that you then have to download the blockchain on your main computer or something like that (Source 
@_date: 2017-11-08 12:22:28
Then what determines that a transaction is valid? What determines that a block is valid?
Why is it that some tx and blocks are rejected? If not validity, what criteria is used by the network to come to a CONSENSUS that these tx\blocks, in spite of the PoW done, will not be accepted?
So there are clearly some standards tx and blocks must abide by, independent of the proof of work. Who sets these standards? Turns out, its the unique protocol of the reference client. 
So you can strictly say that node count alone isn't creating consensus, but turns out in practice its not true. Satoshi talked about "one CPU one vote" long before the proliferation of multiple reference clients, forks, mining centralization and so forth. Satoshi set the path, but we have moved on and evolved since then (literally. we do not run his original client, and the Core implementation has had countless updates). 
Consensus is a subtle concept, and to pidgeonhole it as "PoW" is not just simplistic, its wrong in the actual way Bitcoin works. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:45:36
also, why does he have both a 200gb sd and a 2 TB HDD? Why is a 200gb SD card needed? Isn't the blockchain stored on the HDD?
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:03:55
go away you paid bitcoin cash shill. go find some other unsuspecting noob to prey on
@_date: 2017-11-02 18:58:36
and? is bitcoin now more capable of being used as a means of exchange? did amazon buying domains for crypto help the scaling issue? or is it just amazon going to accept bitcoin = more people buying = $$$$ (the fact its USD is very ironic on purpose)
if you had bothered to watch the video or think, you'd realize that I was trying to get people to realize what their priorities are. if you really believe in bitcoin, you don't obsess over its price. its cool amazon might accept bitcoin, allowing people to live more away from fiat, but the priority is not "OMG amazon accepts bitcoin = to the moon"
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:55:53
I said that the longest valid chain is BTC. It won't be valid by 90% of the community standard but it will be valid for Roger Ver shitcoin 1,2,3 and Jeff Garzik's abortion client supported by a cartel of businesses and miners
Depending if I ask the community or those with vested interests to subvert consensus, I might get a different answer.
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:35:18
turns out its actually not that trivial to spoof validity by faking reference nodes (see the recent post on btc1 nodes on amazon cloud and how relatively straightforward it is to call them out and run scripts to block them). 
validity IS a bitcoin concept because every node in the network runs specific consensus rules, as determined by their reference client.
do not conflate my addition that validity in of itself doesn't determine actual consensus with the fact the concept of validity itself is meaningless, because it is and easy to show.
if validity wasn't a thing, then reference client would mean nothing: there would be no difference between Btc Core or btc1. REFERENCE CLIENTS RUN DIFFERENT SET OF CONSENSUS RULES. they might not CREATE consensus (that is the miners job), but they can choose what consensus rules their nodes follow thus DETERMINING consensus
by implication, that argument points to miners alone determining what consensus is. if that was true, all these s2x arguments would be moot because miners would simply force consensus on us. so there has to be something stopping them, right?
You claim its "economic consensus" the other necessary aspect of consensus. turns out, my concept of validity and your concept of econ consensus are pretty much the same thing, I just refined the concept and made it very clear. 
"the bitcoin most people use" is saying exactly what I am saying: the reference client most of the network uses establishes de facto what the consensus rules are: aka validity
miners create consensus, but the reference client the majority of all nodes use (what you call economic consensus) determines consensus. this is why miners alone don't decide what consensus is, and why there is contention in the first place instead of a coup
TLDR: the ones who create consensus and the ones who determine what consensus is VALID are not the same
@_date: 2017-11-06 22:18:42
you missed the point
mining is only an "official ballot" if they vote according what the majority of the non mining\mining nodes determine the voting rules to be. if miners cast their vote in a way that is against the rules, their vote is discounted
the classic fallacy is to consider mining vote in of itself the sacrosant thing. mining vote is either the most important vote (if they follow consensus rules) or completely irrelevant (if they do not vote according to consensus rules)
the cost of a sybil attack that would actually work (what you described in an "anyone spinning several nodes cheaply and quickly" scenario) is also prohibitively high
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:15:29
Pros and cons of a pruned vs unpruned node?
@_date: 2017-11-08 21:24:59
Well, segwit2x has just been called off due to "lack of consensus" even though miners had majority consensus, according to your definition ;)
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:14:10
PoW measures consensus IF AND ONLY IF it is done to verify valid transactions and blocks. If those blocks are not considered valid by the majority of nodes, it is not a measure of consensus. Validity and consensus are TWO DIFFERENT THINGS. You can reach consensus by having miners do their thing, but this consensus is only valid for S2X nodes. It is not a valid consensus for Core Client nodes. 
You can't just blindly point to the white paper and go "durrrr durrrrr satoshi said durrrrr". its an 8 page oversimplification of bitcoin, and explicitly stating all the ways consensus is defined would have been beyond the scope. 
This is as ridiculous like the crazy reactionary fundamentalists who point to the Bible or the Quran blindly and vehemently reject all that wasn't in the original script. Actually, it would be like these people pointing to a chapter long summary of the Bible or the Quran and trying to determine absolute truths from it
You read the white paper, cool. But you never bothered to study the implications of the application of the concepts behind it. 
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:41:29
I'm not sure I understand your question
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:45:57
Atomic chains would render exchanges like Erik Voorhees' Shapeshift redundant, so yeah there's definitely a conflict of interest in that sense. 
I think in general it has more to do that the owners of these exchanges conflate having a big BTC business with being essential to Bitcoin. They feel entitled to have a privileged say in the development of Bitcoin as a result of their assumed importance in the space. This directly conflicts with Bitcoin Core's mission where its the community that decides which direction Bitcoin takes.
So large exchanges, and large bitcoin business, would not necessarily be against Segwit itself from a technical point of view as much as against Bitcoin Core (the standard reference client and its development team) 
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:14:26
Blockchain as a standalone tech is the suit and tie nerdification of bitcoin to make it more appealing to those who shit their pants at the thought of disruption. You mean "open distributed blockchain" and "game theoretical/free market based security model" that makes bitcoin so special as opposed to say, a shitcoin like ripple 
I know very well this is a very abrasive and alienating stance to take, but any attempt to soften my contempt for the greedy attitude people are taking would be disingenuous. After being bombarded all week with "look at bitcoin price" posts, enough was enough
I respect anyone who thinks im being puerile, but I unapologetically stand with my view that price posers can fuck right off
@_date: 2017-11-06 18:57:04
you just nailed the whole "game theory" security based model Bitcoin relies on. Well done. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 18:49:51
thanks for the feedback! 
how would you define bitcoin to someone who has never heard about it before or worse, tried to do research and got confused by "protocols" "Blockchain" etc etc?
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:50:34
I know that
Im not talking about the emergent consensus algorithm
Im talking about the difference between "distributed" consensus and "emergent" consensus. I heard both being used when talking about bitcoin and I think semantics REALLY matter when it comes to bitcoin
@_date: 2017-11-02 19:01:12
I personally made 2000% ROI, so I'm sweet as sugar
@_date: 2017-11-02 19:27:27
its a rant video. because people have completely lost sight of what matters. the terrible attitude is Reddit being spammed with ATH posts, but nobody is talking about Simplicity. I wish people would make as many posts about Bitcoin development and not about goddamn fucking price appreciation.
if you see bullshit and don't call bullshit, you are bullshit
*sheds tear because opinion was disapproved of*
@_date: 2018-03-12 23:50:44
somebody explain to me this whole "state" vs "stateless" thing and how it is relevant to crypto. I'm not a software dev but I've seen these concepts thrown around a bunch
@_date: 2018-03-14 22:15:02
great stuff dude! thanks
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:25:00
my explanation isn't perfect, so thank you to those who provided constructive criticism, and shame on you who let your inner troll rampant and tried to call me an idiot
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:15:32
a turd sandwich, by any other name, is still a turd sandwich
@_date: 2018-03-26 22:05:33
so, is this guy a millionaire? 
traders shit on analysts all the time, and with good reason
@_date: 2018-03-16 00:38:40
I disagree with such a maximalist view. Ethereum's blockchain has value for example, but in a different way.
It just turns out that the market has more demand for a decentralized store of value token as opposed to a decentralized computing token
@_date: 2018-03-22 04:20:28
 for the uninitiated
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:55:50
BTW quick correction: my buddy worked in a BTC exchange\development business, not sure he did any brokering per se but was definitely exposed to both sides of the business
Working everyday arguing with people about btc took any desire from him to go on things like reddit and post. I found it a shame as his knowledge could really help out those new to the community who are getting swept in the whole segwit2x shitshow, so I took the liberty of reposting 
(if you read this,hope you don't mind bro, I kept your identity a secret from the savage hordes of reddit while delivering the message) 
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:18:15
the real issue I have (and much of the community) stem from two things:
1. bigger blocks do not fix the problem (why stop at 8mb? why not 16? 32?)
2. even if bigger blocks are the solution, the METHOD which its being forced on the community (closed doors agreement, no replay protection) goes against the essence of bitcoin itself
if the segwit2x community could address those issues, everyone that cared to see bitcoin succeed would jump onboard. but since sx2 arguments are mostly hate on btc core, we will keep making fun of you guys and poking holes in your arguments :) 
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:30:47
I shall atone my sins to the altar of the great bitcoin experts that lurk on this sub. may they forgive my transgressions
its not blockchain, or cryptography: its a distributed timestamp server that utilizes Adam Back's proof of work algorithm to create a "proof-of-work" chain that combines blockchain and cryptography that is essential for a cryptocurrency to hold value and be used as currency
I'm sure every newcomer would find this definition very clear and easy to understand, but I just had to simplify it a bit more to be safe
edit: added "that is essential for a cryptocurrency to hold value and be used as currency" for clarification
@_date: 2018-03-16 00:43:55
buy, HODL, live your live happily ever after ;)
@_date: 2018-03-16 00:43:19
why are you trading bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:23:03
you know, you could have made some valid criticisms in a constructive way. instead, you opted to try and show off how much smarter you are and stroke your ego, or feel self righteous joy at proving someone wrong instead of seeking to add value to the conversation
you also didn't bother to try and see whom I was addressing, which certainly isn't experts: its those new guys who post "this is so good for blockchain space" or talk to "blockchain" experts without understanding that they don't know dick
I know very well that the real solution was the introduction of a distributed time stamp server that uses proof of work as a way of guaranteeing transaction immutability. but try explaining THAT to a newcomer
you could have come across as someone who knew their shit, instead everyone who reads your comment will just think you are another reddit troll that likes to argue with people for the sake of it
edit: comment, not post
@_date: 2018-03-14 22:14:37
thanks to everyone! this is great stuff. I will share all the resources once I have them collected and catalogued properly. if anyone has anything in mind, share away
@_date: 2018-03-22 03:16:19
This isn't about efficiency. The point is not "zero fees for a 100 million dollars" (that's a sexy bonus, sure).
 if that was the point, those who argue for big blocks would be right, we'd need to sort the "currency" out asap,: so that people can use it and have their 20 cents for 100 million dollar transaction! 
do you see how that subtly distorts the focus on what is truly valuable about bitcoin?
repeat after me: not about efficiency, all about security. efficiency is a bonus and it can wait
the "point" is that we could store those 100 million dollars of value  online, securely, without trusting a third party, in the first place
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:37:44
fully agree,
just because my buddy and I happen to share the "correct" view (if you believe btc should stay in the hands of the btc community) doesn't mean you should not do your own research
I personally did some research on most\if not all the points my buddy made in our crypto discussions the last few months, even if he is a very close friend of mine whom I trust completely
because btc is supposed to take "trust" out of the equation, because while some actors you "trust" won't betray it, others you "trust" will end up betraying that trust for their own motives
look up the articles I posted, and keep doing your won research the matkinson. never be satisified with one source
@_date: 2018-03-26 12:26:29
What's wrong with localbitcoins?
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:20:01
closed doors agreement between corporations and miners that left out developers and the community itself: not my agreement
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:02:07
Im not in the business of trying to change minds. Its a suckers game. I never said, or intended to say, this is anything more than my buddy and my opinion. The title says "this is what he had to say" and I added "I agree and decided to keep it unedited" and in the comments I commended every critique saying that one should do his own research before accepting any opinion.
I did my research, clearly my buddy did his, and I invite everyone to do their own research. It just so happens that every non malicious actor lacking a double agenda doesnt want anything to do with s2x. 
Essentially, I trust core way way way more than those buffoons listed in the post.
But dont take my word for it, do your own research ;)
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:07:46
Im interested: how does increasing blockchain size NOT lead to centralization? (genuine question)
also, even if bigger blocks is the answer (its not, but lets assume) the METHOD this is being pushed is against the essence of bitcoin as the community and satoshi himself envisioned, and should be rejected simply on those grounds
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:10:48
Last comment before I fuck off satoshi style and let you savages go at it however you please
This was never meant to be a partial, super accurate, comprehensive of every nuance account post.This is me copy pasting my buddy's post, and adding some input at the end with articles to provide the no2x argument in a nutshell for really confused newbies getting thrown around reddit with no clue(I was one and I get it)
I never intended to make the claim this is the absolute truth, accept it or else. Neither did my buddy. He'd probably tell you all he gives zero fucks and you can follow those who seek to kill the vision. What I tell you is to do your OWN research. From BOTH sides of the argument. Both from WITHIN and OUT of reddit. Then decide if this is correct.
I reposted my buddy's private post because I have been researching this particular topic everyday for  months, and came up with the same conclusions.
I purposefully left the super biased, hilarious statements (roger ver is a huge fake pussy is going on my wall as a poster) because theres way too much severity and people taking themselves way too seriously here. But mainly, because "if you see fraud, but do not say fraud, you are a fraud"
So one more time:
Fuck the new york agreement. Fuck jihan. Fuck barry silbert. Fuck roger ver. Fuck segwit2x.
I am Havoc. I caused havoc with this post and I loved it. Because bitcoin is about disruption and fighting for the vision, not cowering in a corner of reddit in fear. attacks like s2x will only make us stronger. It has shown those who seek to exploit bitcoin for their own personal gain
One final word to the btc core crew: never ever give up the vision. I wish I knew how to code so I could join you in the fight to make the world a better place. Before bitcoin I was a young man who had given up hope that man could truly be free. Then I heard about satoshis vision, and over time, I realized you guys are the leaders of the whole development community, the leaders of what satoshi envisioned. The amount of shit you guys take for simply doing that is really uplifting and redeeming. 
To the btc development community as a whole: YOU GUYS, YOUR TIME, is what has and will make bitcoin mankinds greatest innovation. As a non coder trying to learn the basics,I am humbled everyday by what you guys accomplish! The true value of bitcoin is not the coin, its not even the blockchain so much as YOU  guys passionately working to achieve satoshis vision, and finding ways to even improve it! From what I understand, you found ways to improve bitcoin in ways even he did not envisioned. The masses might never understand, but when btc will be worth hundreds of thousands and it is widely adopted, it will be you guys that made it happen
Remember, never ever ever ever stop fighting for the vision
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:34:00
Im not a developer. And yes its sad it has come to this. But segwit2x must be fought at all costs because it was a dirty filthy closed doors agreement no one wanted that is directly against bitcoin
Im not against big blocks per se, im against the methods used to try and force us, the btc community, to accept their version of what btc should be. Its a hostile takeover of the btc chain by corporate interests and malicious miners. 
There has been so much bullshit because of these malicious actors, it has slowed down the development and growth of btc. It has split the community because these people want to take over btc from the community it has always belonged to by pretending to be acting in their best interest (like the banking system)
Sometimes being reasonable isnt the answer. Sometimes you stand up and fight the FUD, partiality be damned. If we dont fight for bitcoin, it will get taken over and turn into a filthy corporatecoin and the vision dies
"If you see fraud, and do not say fraud, you are a fraud"
So im going to state it on my own terms:
Fuck Jihan and bitmain
Fuck roger ver 
Fuck barry silbert 
Fuck erik voorhees 
And fuck the segwit2x "agreement" and their signatories 
@_date: 2018-02-23 10:19:09
All cryptos are tokens, but not all tokens are cryptos
The fact that something is a token of value does not make it crypto. It makes it useable as money. Money is a token. 
Crypto is a unique form of token/money that revolves around cryptographic signatures proving ownership of specific tokens. This record of transactions is ideally, but not necessarily, distributed to all participants and unchangeable by any single actor.
Cryptos are tokens, but the fact that it's a token isn't what makes it crypto. The fact digital crypto signatures are involved makes it crypto. 
What I assume you wanted to be arguing is that decentralisation and immutability aren't actually prerequisites to be considered crypto, which is debatable but makes more sense as an argument.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:40:41
just a reminder: I did provide some of my own input in the summary of the malicious actors and articles, but it was my friend's extensive knowledge of the community and the issues that really give value to this article
I tried posting on r/btc but hadn't realized how much it was taken over by segwit2x supporters who just seem to really hate core dev and refuse to look at the other side of the argument
Feel free to join the comment battle in r/btc if you have time to kill :D
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:50:10
its very biased for sure. I am happy my buddy put it in such a clearly biased format because it makes the attack on the network very clear
whenever some segwit2x supporter starts to argue, I always ask "why not just add replay protection, letting us keep our shitcoin, and let the market decide?" 
I have never ever ever read\gotten a proper answer. As long as I never get a proper answer on that front, its clear to me that segwit2x is a malicious attack on the network by third parties who want to control the network
with that premise, I condone and share my buddy's post on our crypto trading channel and purposefully included opinionated points such as "roger ver is a fake pussy"
@_date: 2017-09-30 12:34:19
this is a great succint summary. I wrote a more detailed writeup on here: 
(mostly a copy paste of what my btc savy friend posted + my own sources and some of my own input)
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:23:00
Im quoting my friend who is much much more savy than I am. He has no patience to go on reddit and face the shit show as he used to do something similar for a living. 
He made no attempt to be "objective" and "fair" to the other argument. I never said this is meant to be objective truth and I love it because its not an objective mincing of words.
Again, I said this in the comments: read this, do your own research. Not telling the newbs how to think, but I believe my buddy and I both believe that segwit2x is a corporate takeover and someone needs to state it clearly
For months I saw FUD take over, people confused and lots of doom and gloom. This succint to the point, anti segwit2x account was written (and is supported) by the community that cares to keep btc in the hands of the community
Yes, this post doesn't cover every single possible counter point. Yes, big blocks might be the answer. Yes, there are more nuances to the.argument and a block increase might be warranted after all. But not like this. 
My friend's goal was to simply to take the nos2x argument (which I happen to agree with) and make it as simple and clear as possible to the traders in our private crypto channel. It ended up doing the job so well I realized it would clear up a lot of the confusion so I posted it. 
I then did my own research on the people involved and realized he was even more right than I presumed. So yeah if you think you can explain it better, or provide the alt argument, please do go ahead
@_date: 2017-10-27 12:56:46
Let me rephrase that: the barriers of entry to create a full node are too high for most people. If the goal is decentralization, then nodes must be easier to set up otherwise you have a big problem down the line
Turning your nose in the air and saying "easy, learn how to compile you peasant, if you really cared about bitcoin you'd make the effort" is not a solution
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:33:33
I lol'd so so so hard
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:41:14
Shit, sorry, thought I was a bitmain miner trying to prove that we need bigger blocks by being a cunt
and np dude, Im just a messenger that happens to agree. All credit really goes to you, my buddy and the writers of the other articles
@_date: 2017-09-28 19:05:53
Oh sorry, I thought I was s2x miner trying to prove a point about the need for bigger blocks 
@_date: 2018-07-13 04:16:01
 this one?