@_author: haxxtastic
@_date: 2014-01-04 15:31:57
Oh thank you very much for the link
You're right if I invest in BitCoin right now I would have BitCoins, but no incoming stream of BitCoins.
As an internet marketer all of my income is USD, and I just like the idea of having BitCoin income instead.
If I could find a way to profit from mining, in any way, that'd just be dandy.
EDIT: Wow within 5 minutes I was inspired to the idea of outsourcing development of exactly what I want to reputable research and engineering companies just from that subreddit.
If I could upvote 5 times I would, sir. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 16:13:18
With my current research efforts, if I do succeed in obtaining a miner farm in a timely manner, I will have a dedicated commercial space
@_date: 2014-01-04 15:16:42
Thank you very much for your input, this actually makes sense as I was wondering "why on EARTH would they sell these rather than just mine the crap out of BTC?" and I even had the suspicion
Now, I could go, cash in hand and pick 5 up personally but I would doubt those kind of accommodations are available to me.
I would love to get into high end bitcoin mining but the machines, like you said, have those issues with the preordering (I'm not dropping over 50 grand for a product I'm not sure even exists, and that I know won't even break even if I don't get it then and there) and contracts...well no offense but mining contracts just seem like HYIP scams to me.
Seems like my ONLY option would be to hire engineers to make the damn thing for me, then it's mine, but christ I don't even know the first thing about what the hell these things are made out of, I thought they were just super powered GPU.
I could invest in BitCoin but that doesn't interest me, what interests me is generating bitcoins, I want to live bitcoins. Screw the USD.
Bitcoins are damn near imaginary and I still feel they have more backing than the USD.
I know this is, WAY, beyond my budget...possibly, but would you happen to know where I might start to research the technology involved and the equipment/engineering field required to produce said technology.
Even if I have to hire a team for R&amp;D...I want to make this happen.
And (now we're really REALLY rambling) if I were to own a plant to develop this technology, considering there is LIMITLESS demand for this crap, I'd have no problem selling what I have and shipping the next day.
Anyway, this is obviously possible, and I'd like to learn about it, but no idea where to start. I'm damn commited to it, but I'm not going to pay that kind of money and wait til difficulty is 100 times what it is now before I get it