@_author: haymeinsur
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:49:06
I think the purpose of OpenDime is to allow for people to exchange Bitcoin more freely like cash but without the transaction having to exist on the blockchain where it could be traced. If this concept or other similar ones were to take hold, then the idea of "intentionally concealing ownership" wouldn't be as much of an issue.
@_date: 2017-01-05 22:41:40
I thought about the cost later. That is a problem. I thought about if OpenDimes were an accepted payment, perhaps you and the merchant would trade hardware. You give them a preloaded one, and they hand you a fresh one back and send your change there. That way you haven't lost your hardware investment. There would only be up front costs to use that payment method. You'd be free to combine OpenDimes if needed to make additional purchases. 
BUT that only helps the customer. The business would still occur the cost of the empty ones. 
Perhaps, though, if a business were to have a contract and purchase in mega bulk, they could get them cheap enough to be negligible.
Truly, if that happened, bitcoins could begin to change hands much more freely in transactions *not* recorded on the blockchain. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 21:22:46
I'm a Bitcoin noob, and in researching it, I ran across a project called OpenDime. They produce a USB device that is basically cold storage. It could be transferred hand to hand any number of times, but it is only meant for one time *use*. 
I could see getting a bunch and loading them up with reasonably small amounts of bitcoin for spending. Then I envision you walk into McDonald's, order food, they plug in the device (maybe a special register add on) and confirm the balance. You get your food, and the cashier sends your "change" payment to an address of your choosing. The way the OpenDimes work, it's easy to confirm if the private key has not been exposed (blinking lights), so you can't cheat McDonald's. 
The transaction giving you your change would not be confirmed immediately on the block chain, but McDonald's as a public company selling things would have a vested interest in NOT cheating its customers out of their bitcoins. So you could be reasonably assured the change back transaction would eventually be fully confirmed. 
Maybe this isn't exactly the solution, but something close to it. There must exist some mechanism to transfer a verifiable amount of bitcoins instantly (and perhaps more importantly anonymously) from person to person, or person to business/organization. B2B transactions, I think, don't necessarily require that. 
@_date: 2016-12-19 02:14:04
The idea of bitcoin carries a faintly negative connotation and air of unseemliness. I told a couple friends I was interested in throwing a little money in to learn, and you'd have thought I told them I was investing my life savings into buying lottery tickets. 
Plus, it seems entirely too difficult to break in. Googling how to buy bitcoins gives no definitive/clear cut answer. There's way too much "helpful" advice out there. So when a service seems to be a one-stop shop, it's going to have a lot of appeal for people like me who are wanting to break in somewhere.
Then a post like this holds me back, maybe for the best, but maybe not...
@_date: 2016-12-19 20:31:32
Sorry for late response, still somewhat new to Reddit. I am sure I could buy through localbitcoins, and perhaps I will explore that option, but it smacks faintly of buying something illicit. 
@_date: 2016-12-12 02:23:49
I am interested in bitcoin, but this thread seems representative of the fact that there is a ton of conflicting "best practice" advice out there. There's not even a straightforward answer to the best way to buy coins. 
The most reasonable thing to me sounds like investing a really small amount (like 10 USD), and experimenting. If I totally screw it up, I'm not out much, and I hopefully learn what *not* to do. 
Even that simple idea is fraught with division on how to start small. I will figure it out one way or another. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:03:27
If I understand it correctly, miners will have already burned lots of energy mining before they are eventually rewarded. Over the long-term, the rewards come frequently enough and are large enough to be greater than the cost of the energy spent. 
If you stop mining at any point, you will take an L on whatever energy you have expended up to that point. So, to minimize that loss over the long run, miners will still want to operate at a loss (which is smaller than the loss of stopping altogether).
@_date: 2017-10-22 21:52:33
But, since Alice can look at past blockchain transactions like anyone else, couldn't she just find the sending address and claim it is hers?
@_date: 2017-10-26 21:08:39
Well played!
@_date: 2017-10-27 01:00:21
Not yet. One day, in the hopefully-not-too-distant future, Bitcoin will be ubiquitous enough that one could pay for their kid's sports team fees that way.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:31:15
You could also use PayPal. My son's team does that, and it works great. With checks, there is a lag between receiving the promissory note and actually receiving the funds. With PayPal (or similar electronic person to person payment method), the receipt of the funds is instantaneous.
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:11:39
The fees are not great, but it sounds like that might be worth fewer headaches. But holding money hostage? Yeah, that would be bad. There are multiple alternatives to PayPal, though.