@_author: hazeion
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:18:09
Let me clarify this for you.  I work at the largest bank in the US and can tell you a little bit about the process and how it works.
the report we have to do for CASH transactions over 10,000 are standard procedure.  We file this report and have to keep the record on hand INCASE the IRS needs more information.  CTR's happen all the time, and that in itself is not remotely considered suspicious.
We are required to ask certain questions about the origin of the money when these cash deposits happen.
NOW, lets say, you have a bank account, and you suddenly wire in 100k from coin base or GDAX or whatever. And your average balance over the last year was like $1,000.  The algorithm that determines whether or not that transaction should be flagged for further review will probably be tripped.
Here is what you probably SHOULD do:
the transaction might be put on hold until we can answer the needed KYC (Know your customer) questions.  This is a federal requirement (Patriot Act).  We will either call or email you.
1.) IF you are non-cooperative or vague with the answers to your questions.  That is your choice.  But that will most likely trigger us to file a suspicious activity report.  Which in turn will probably prompt us to ask for more supporting documentation.  Or close your account.
2.) Structuring your deposits such that you avoid the AML law, will cause us to file a suspicious report.  We are trained to notice structuring.  And the tools we have to identify it make it extremely easy for us to notice it.  You aren't fooling anyone.  It is much easier to just do the deposit and answer the questions.  Its less suspicious.  And may even work to your advantage.
3.) The bank learns your habits.  If we see money going in and going out consistently to the same vendors, merchants.  And after we've gotten explainations on why these happen.  The bank will leave you alone because it is "normal business" for you.
4.) WE WANT you to have your money.  The last thing I want to do is deny a client their money. But fraud protection and anti-money laundering are HIGH on our watch list.  The less cooperative you are the less cooperative the bank will be.
Unfortunately, these are the times here in US with regards to banking.  We voted in the people that passed these bills that allowed for such things.  
DEAL WITH IT!  hehe or buy stuff with Crypto :P
@_date: 2019-01-04 19:59:49
Apple losing as much as bitcoin's total market cap are two nearly unrelated phenomenon.  Come on guys...  Post like these make me upset that people will read this and be like, "OH YA... OH YA... you are right!"
Things you should be looking at are the rate of bitcoin adoption increasing or decreasing (not overall adoption)?  Is mining increasing.   I remember seeing things like "BITCOIN CAN REACH 100k by mid 2018".  And while "ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE"  We need to ground ourselves and stay in the realm of reality.  Bitcoin is like any other asset you own.  And if you believe in bitcoin then great, invest in it.  But use good investment practices and diversify and don't listen to stupid illogical twitter posts like this as a reason to justify holding onto what COULD be a bad investment.  Stay grounded, be realistic and look at bitcoin for what it is.  An asset and monetary instrument that MIGHT have some upside potential to take off.
&amp;