@_author: hbrd-incel
@_date: 2018-06-14 20:47:14
Corrupt politicians will definitely buy bitcoin ie all politicians. Crypto will be the next Swiss bank account. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 20:49:14
You don't make any difference at the ballot box. If you want to make a difference, vote with your wallet because money is power. Invest in bitcoin and buy vegan.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:37:19
Yep. On the bright side, it is after the capitulation stage that we see a sustained up trend. Get ready for fomo. 
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:04:30
What if you go to Turkey and have bitcoin and want to convert bitcoin to Turkish currency to spend?
What if you work on a project in Turkey and got paid in Turkish currency and wanted to invest that money without trusting in Turkish banks? 
Bitcoin is borderless, global and trustless. It is far from pointless. You will eventually be convinced when bitcoin moons (again) and you miss out.
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:15:10
Suppose you work in Turkey. You get paid in Turkish currency. If you convert it to USD then either it is cash or digital USD. Physical cash USD has huge theft risk. Imagine hiding all that USD under your mattress. Imagine trying to transport than USD cash from one country to another. Now imagine you store that electronically. Then you have to set up a USD bank account. That means paperwork and surrendering of your identity thereby exposing you to the risk of identity fraud and therefore someone impersonating you and stealing your money. Then there are restrictions on transferring that USD from one country to another. Much easier to just convert to bitcoin and store it on the blockchain, an incorruptible, immutable, trustless, borderless system.
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:08:22
Fiat can be counterfeited and printed at will. Fiat is the fake good. Bitcoin is genuine money.
@_date: 2018-06-13 10:59:25
Paying off debt rather than invest in bitcoin has lead to poverty for many people, eg Anton antonopolous. Luckily for him he has received many donations as he should. Learn from his mistake. Bitcoin is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
@_date: 2018-07-08 12:16:12
The shop has two options: price the bread in bitcoin (or satoshi) or in dollars. Either way it can accept both. For example, suppose the baker prices one premium loaf of vegan gluten free bread for 1 BTC then it can accept 1 BTC or the equivalent in dollars. Or vice versa. Regardless of whether the baker wants BTC or dollars, it can price it accordingly. And suppose the baker wants dollars but most customers have BTC then the baker can simply convert back to dollars. 
Perhaps the baker wants more stability and less risk in their investments. So the baker can take dollars. Or it can take BTC and convert it to tether or Dai or covert it to dollars. Suppose the baker wants more risk in their investments so then the baker can accept BTC or price in USD and convert it to BTC after (or convert it to stocks etc).
The bottom line is that fluctuations don't really matter because at the end it all depends on what risk appetite the acceptor of the currency has and conversions in currency or investments  can occur to reach that ideal risk level. It is easy to reduce risk or increase risk in your investment portfolio but that can be done separately. When pricing goods you just want to get the value. Then you can convert that value afterwards to match your risk appetite. 
@_date: 2018-07-04 09:14:07
Bitmain headquarters. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 21:50:06
There is a utility that bitcoin provides. It is a decentralized store of value, one you can trust because it is open source and transparent and has fixed supply. No one can simply print bitcoin at will. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:12:06
That's wrong. Crypto can become stable as there are stable coins out there eg tether and a decentralized stable coin called Dai.
As bitcoin grows, its market cap will rise which will make it more stable relative to goods and services.
That being said, stability is overrated. Most people hold stocks or property as investments and these are not stable. People are happy to accept fluctuations in their wealth if it means making more in the future. If you spend bitcoin then you lose some of your investment but you simply top it up later. Over time you will likely be paid in bitcoin.
Monetary policy is pointless. Can you explain exactly why it is necessary because I see monetary policy as nothing but banks price fixing the interest rate in order to make higher profits. 
@_date: 2018-07-04 09:13:12
Who cares. Bitcoin is beyond governments. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 12:17:01
There is no guarantee that the global economy will grow over time. There may be a limit to it due to eg lack of resources or an upper limit on technological progress.
World population is not guaranteed to always rise either. It is expected to rise up to 2050 but decline afterwards. Regardless property prices depends on a number of factors. There is no shortage of land. It is easy to build up and have high density living. If the whole world lived like Hong Kongers do then you'd fit everyone on the world in one small country the size of Japan. Property prices depend on a number of factors such as planning regulation, incomes, interest rates, availability of debt, etc. There is no guarantee they will go up over the long run. 
Crypto is not certain either, but compared to shares and property crypto market cap is very low and there is a good chance crypto will be seen as decentralized stores of value and systems used for trustless verification.
My point is that crypto is just another investment, just another asset class, but most people have a prejudice against it so they set a high bar. The onus of proof required for them to be convinced that crypto is a good investment is far higher than with shares or property. It is a cognitive bias, a flaw in human reasoning. People will accept that shares will always go up because it always has but they won't extend the same logic to crypto. This is one of the reasons why I believe crypto is still highly undervalued and I will adjust my asset allocation accordingly.
Believe me or do not. The proof is in the profit. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 11:45:46
Unless it's to justify investing in shares or property. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 17:37:32
Faith is in relation to the fixed supply. If there were a fiat with fixed supply it would be by faith. Say the government states that there is a gold standard. There is no way to really know. That is a moot point for the USD because there is no fixed supply. It is printed ad infinitum.
Bitcoin in the other hand has a fixed supply that is highly transparent. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:45:38
When I talk about the risk-return principle or the efficient frontier I am describing how stocks and property are not free of risk. They are risky. Just because there is analysis done to show it will go up doesn't mean much because there is analysis done on crypto as well. The point is that property or shares must have high risk in order to have high return otherwise arbitrage will remove the returns.
Physical minerals held in derivatives are not 100% safe and I would trust blockchain assets backed by nothing (eg bitcoin) over a derivative back by a physical mineral due to counterpart risk, legal risk, fraud by the different parties etc. Bitcoin is an open source decentralized protocol. It is much safer. You can see the code, you can verify transactions on block explorers and you can memorize the private key. You cannot store rare minerals in your head. Financial derivatives are not as elegant and during the GFC they froze up completely.
Crypto does has similarities to gold certificate but important difference as well. Suppose the US government collapsed and you live in the US. You have gold certificates. You go to the vault and give them your gold certificate. They don't give it it you. You cannot sue because there are no courts. Bitcoin does not rely on courts. Suppose somehow you were able to redeem your gold. You get on a train to escape to Canada or Mexico. On the train someone attacks you and then steals your gold nugget or gold certificate. If you had bitcoin you can memorize your 15 word BIP 39 passphrase. You'd make it safe to Mexico with all your wealth intact.
There are many cryptos out there and not all have fixed supply eg dogecoin has inbuilt inflation. This is not a problem. It means more competition. It is like stocks on a stock exchange. Crypto is like a decentralized stock exchange. I personally would like fixed supply but in some cases an infinite supply may be useful. The crypto free market will sort it out. Personally I diversify across the top cryptos. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 12:52:43
Your statement does not reconcile with your username.
@_date: 2018-07-07 12:49:01
The long term increase in shares and property is not certain. If it were it would violate the risk-return principle. Shares and property are high risk investments. If they can be predicted to be profitable and they have been bidded up then the opportunity to make high profits is gone. You talk as if investing in shares an property for the long term is a sure thing. If it were, it wouldn't be. For example, if a bond is high risk then it pays a higher yield but government bonds pay low yields. If eg shares can pay higher returns than government bonds and it were certain as you suggest then why would anyone buy government bonds? They would all move into shares and the returns from shares would go down (price to earnings ratio would rise). This is arbitrage. 
Crypto is not like rare minerals as a store of value. Rare minerals are physical. The value of crypto as a store of value comes from the fact it is not physical, that you don't need to store it anywhere and risk it being stolen. I am not saying crypto is not high risk. It is high risk, but it is just another asset class. The difference between crypto and eg shares is that ownership of shares or property is held in a centralized register that is susceptible to fraud, corruption etc whereas with crypto the ownership is determined cryptographically.
Most crypto also is open source and provide transparency in how it operates whereas the workings of currencies is a black box. You have to trust the monetary policy of a central bank and there is no guarantee the bureaucrats won't use the system for their own personal benefit or print print for their own benefit. You cannot print eg bitcoin. Creating another crypto is not the same as printing money because you're issuing a new currency. When the central bank prints eg USD then it is printing USD not euro. If the federal reserve prints euro then that does not impact on USD. Likewise if someone forks BTC and prints another crypto then they other crypto does not impact on BTC. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:53:09
Yes I know about the tether controversy which is why I also mentioned Dai which is a decentralized stable coin that relies on no third party auditors. It is quite innovative so Check it out.
I disagree. I think you can pay for bread or coffee with a volatile asset. For example suppose I buy bread with bitcoin. Sure the price can fluctuate but so what? My net worth is already fluctuating because I invest in bitcoin. All it means is that when I buy the bread my wealth has lower risk but I can easily correct that by increasing risk eg buying more risky assets later on.
Take stocks. Stocks are volatile. Most of us have stocks either directly or via ETF or a retirement account. Hence our wealth is volatile. Now suppose you go to the baker and buy a bread with stocks. You buy one premium vegan gluten free bread with one Tesla stock. Overall you own say 1000 Tesla stock so now you have 999 Tesla stock. Because you own Tesla stock your wealth is already fluctuating wildly. Losing one Tesla stock makes hardly any difference. Next time you get paid at work you simply buy even more Tesla stock to make up or you put your money into a higher risk higher return investment in order to bring the risk of the portfolio back into a state that matches your risk appetite eg suppose everytime you get paid you put 50% into stocks. Now you put 25% into stocks and 25% into crypto. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:21:18
Yes it is. What other asset or asset class provides similar utility? 
Bitcoin has grown roughly 500% per year. Why does the market think it is useful? 
@_date: 2018-07-01 10:45:53
You don't. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 21:50:56
Historically bitcoin has performed much better than stock or property. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:19:45
No it cannot. Fiat means "faith" and so any fixed supply fiat would be based on faith. Bitcoin has an open source protocol and miners that verify. This is extremely useful and is why bitcoin is growing. It is $6k now but in 2014 it was $200.
@_date: 2018-07-07 21:44:38
It's a good investment. The fact it is global also helps. For example, when I was in Indonesia I had some leftover rupiah (Indonesian currency) and so found a Bitcoin ATM and converted it to bitcoin for storage. If you worked or travelled around the world then bitcoin can be your main bank. You can convert it to fiat to use at a particular country but once you leave you convert back to BTC.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:25:56
Just because crypto is risky it doesn't mean it's a poor investment. It is all relative. Property and stocks can fall in value considerably and are more risky than government bonds but does that mean you should put all your money into government bonds? No you will make virtually nothing. You take risk in order to make more money. Hence crypto. Those who have taken risks with crypto in the long run have profited greatly. 
@_date: 2018-07-31 12:28:55
The bull is getting old and is clearly exhausted. Makes you wonder if it is about to die. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 21:47:30
What bitcoin can do that fiat cannot is that it has a fixed supply. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 11:20:19
Bitman works at Bitmain Enterprises.
@_date: 2018-07-07 22:16:47
That is hugely useful in my opinion. Bitcoin is also a great investment in its own right. You have about 500% per year returns so far.
What are its huge problems exactly? 
@_date: 2018-07-07 21:40:06
Right now it is. Fees on bitcoin are very low especially if you use lightning network. Credit cards are free for the buyer but the seller pays huge fees. Although the merchant pays the fees basically they increase prices to pay for it so you're effectively paying for it. What would be ideal is if merchants accept bitcoin and then give a discount for using it. What would also be good is if cash is taxed by government. Cash us actually expensive for government (and for everyone else through higher taxes) so if government wanted to save money they'd either ban it make it harder to use cash. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 21:46:33
Bitcoin is like gold except digital. Lightning network is to bitcoin what fiat was to gold. 