@_author: hcirotpyrc
@_date: 2018-01-18 10:50:44
If he is an asshole with 300k, you must be a real loser hanging inthe bitcoin forums and not having 300k. 300k is easy money. You can turn $3k into $300k in a single month. $3k into 2 ICO's and then that $30k into 2 or 3 ICOs and you have 300k. You calling him an asshole because he has 300k makes you sound like a loser who cant put 2 cents together to make any money when this is the richest gold rush in human history, this is the easiest way to make wealth, yet you think someone with just apitiful 300k is an asshole. You poor sap. To the OP. The bitcoin value always goes back down to the last high that it was comfortable at. Which in my opinion was about 4500. So I think BTC will go back down to 4500, and im hoping it is this time as I have gotten use to seeing all my portfolio go down by 3/4. I want to get it over and done with. it goes down to the last high it was comfortable with and then it shoots back up over a year period. i believe it will get down to 4 or 5 k and then go back up to 50k, if not 80k before end of the year. Next year though is going to be a blood bath because all the noobs who sold during this will buy back once it gets back to its old price and be in this over their head and then it will crash again and they will be in toruble and next year will be horrible. I honestly think next year BTC will be very cheap and for a much longer period, but then it will set off again to 100k and so on. This will continue until some form of stability comes into it. But now we have futures which helps keep the BTC going down too much every single week but they can short it down to 5k and still make a fortune, but then they have to put it back up the other way to make another fortune. We use to just have whales forcing sell walls and panic selling at china banning btc tweets and articles, but now we have that and we have futures. So I understand your position if you dont want to go through this again so there is always another way and that is to create the 500k and then pull it out, save it and then on the next crash put 30k back into altcoins that can stand on their own like ICON and Ethlend and others that will mae a difference and watch them get their highs back and then cash out another 500k and repeat. The problem for me would be letting go of tokens like Icon at $25 when they could be worth so much more over time. You will never make the extreme wealth you could make by holding but you could make a easy 500k to 800k each year and nto deal with the pressures of losing it. 