@_author: hco00
@_date: 2019-03-05 03:29:13
In your analogy: there was a massive heist of classic cars from 'Classic Car Safe and Care Co Ltd' where you (together with 25,000 other classic car enthusiasts from all around the world) had stored your car. The car dealership also provided online selling and buying of deposited cars.
I agree that it was stupid to store your classic car there -- ''Not your keys, not your car" some people used to say. 
Some customers had money stored at the classic car dealership -- in hopes of quickly picking up cars at great prices. 
All cars were thought to be stolen and sold, mostly through a Russian classic car dealership ('We Я Cars').
Fast forward and around 200,000 cars were found during the bankruptcy proceedings. They had been stored in another warehouse(!).
At the same time, classic cars increase tremendously in value and all of a sudden the car dealership is not insolvent anymore in fiat terms. So why stay in bankruptcy?
The trustee of Classic Car Safe and Care Co Ltd exits bankruptcy and enters civil rehabilitation, all according to the law as it is supposed to be applied.
Classic Car Safe and Care Co Ltd has lost a lot of trust in the car community though and will not really start their operating business again. But before shutting down permanently the company will pay back the people who had sent fiat there -- and those people get back 100% of their money with interest. Sure, the trustee had to sell around 50k classic cars to be able to pull it off and some people thought that sale affected the price of classic cars worldwide - but it was done anyway. 
How about the people who had deposited their classic cars with Classic Car Safe and Care Co Ltd? There are not enough cars available to just give everyone their favourite car back. 
Well, the thing with this particular type of classic car is that each car is divisible in a hundred million mini cars which are proportionally just as valuable and useful (yes, the cars are a bit magical aren't they?).
So even though the appointed bankruptcy trustee and the court thinks that the classic car enthusiasts are a bit crazy (why don't they just agree to sell the cars instead of getting mini cars back?) -- the court and the trustee follow the classic car enthusiasts' wish and split each classic car into a hundred million mini cars which they distribute proportionally among the classic car enthusiasts. 
After distribution of fiat (with interest) and all the mini cars the trustee can finally be rid of this crazy case. No need to deal with the classic car enthusiasts from all over the world anymore (quite frankly they can be a bit annoying). No need to be awake at night and worry about that the price of classic cars is going to crash.
The trustee goes back to his normal life of high profile legal cases but sometimes he reminisces about the classic car case. It is in a way stuck in his mind. The trustee often wonders if it wouldn't have been better if he had sold all the classic cars when they peaked in value? And just sent a fat cheque to all the car enthusiasts? 'Well, they really do love their classic cars', he thinks and shakes his head. 
One morning, the trustee sits at his kitchen table having breakfast, dressed in suit and tie ready for another working day. He is reading the newspaper and there is an article about that his country's Debt-to-GDP ratio now has exceeded 500%.
The trustee is sipping his tea and thinks about the classic car enthusiasts. He puts down the newspaper, looks out over the Tokyo skyline and a new thought appears in his mind --- 'I should buy a classic car'.