@_author: hcoalter
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:54:43
The power of the US govt?  To do what? Tax its' citizens?  That is undeniably valuable. However, it always falls to temptation and prints money when it gets desperate.  Our govt has manipulated our USD into a derivative quagmire no longer linked to national productivity.
BTC is backed by the power of NO government power.  The demand for BTC will continue as more and more people keep their savings away from inflationary destruction and government intervention. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 02:47:02
Economics 101 is fine and great for teaching why managed currency is so vital to our economy, but try showing me one real-world example of a well-managed currency?  
The problem with the dollar is it's the unsecured liability of the US government, which is bankrupt. In the years to come that's going to become very obvious, with catastrophic consequences for the average American.
How can you get ahead in the world when you have to save a depreciating asset? That's why in these third world countries the average guy keeps falling further and further behind, because all he can save is the local currency, and the currency consistently turns into toilet paper, so he's always behind the eight ball.
The same is going to happen in the US on a much grander scale. It's going to be much more serious, because even in all these countries smarter people try to save dollars, they don't save pesos or kwacha or ringgit, they don't save these horrible currencies. They try to get hold of US dollars. When the dollar is devastated, they're going to blame Americans for their currency losing value. This has all kinds of bad consequences.
The dollar is going to cease being the world's reserve currency sometime in the next decade; I'm confident of that. The Chinese are making a lot of progress with the yuan. The euro, however, is going to cease to exist. The European Union is going to break up. Europe has all kinds of problems.
We have a president who appears to want a weak dollar: What he's really doing is destroying American savings and making imported goods more expensive.  
I'd love to see "managed currency," based on the fundamentals taught in Economics 101, but it's never going to happen.
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:04:45
Bitcoin is given value other currencies aren't because no government can control it, it's very limited in its production (no more than 21 million ever to be produced, while USD is printed every time our govt gets desperate), it can't be counterfeited, you can exchange it across borders without intermediaries, and you can own and keep control of your own bank.  That's VERY different than other forms of money.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:52:36
I am merely a common girl with common economic comprehension, so I very much appreciate your taking the time to boil down the "subtle point" that money isn't actually real in an engaging, thought-provoking manner.  It's much easier to "hear" others' opinions and learn from them when they're delivered in a non-condescending way.  Thank you!  And thanks for my morning economics lesson - you're a great teacher! :) 