@_author: headsupguys_
@_date: 2017-12-25 02:21:18
It's hard to reach out but glad you were able to. Depression has nothing to do with weakness, it's an illness like any other.  
If you're interested we have an ongoing series of recovery stories, you could contribute to. We have over 30 so far. 
Scroll down to 'Real Story Blogs'
Let us know if interested (most are full name, but we can do anonymously or first name only as well): info
Thanks for sharing here. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 05:10:00
Not sure if this is a sarcastic comment or not, but we're not affiliated or connected with men's right groups. 
Unfortunately men don't reach out as often for medical issues, especially when it comes to mental health. Our website tries to focus on appealing to men and showing them that depression has nothing to do with weakness or anything like that. Sometimes early symptoms in men can also include anger, irritability, reckless behaviour (drunk driving, gambling, unsafe sex, etc) or physical pain so we try to make guys aware of this. Basically our site just tries to frame mental health resources is a way that breaks down myths and engages more men. 
Take a look at our site if you want to know more: 
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:38:08
HeadsUpGuys - we're a website resource specifically designed to help men fight depression and prevent suicide. 
A friend nominated our group on one of the previous day's posts, not sure if deannolan is checking these or the more up to date posts. Our friend asked us to post a BTC address so he could make a donation. We've posted to our donation page: 
Would be amazing to get some help supporting our work. Depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide and untreated depression is one of the major risk factors for suicide. This is a big issue for men as the suicide rate among men is about 3 times higher than that for women.
It's not always an easy topic to talk about, but it's one that needs a lot more attention. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 02:29:54
oh whoops, thought it was sarcastic as we didn't receive a donation after the post
there are lots of reasons, but one is that men tend to use more violent means when attempting suicide (like guns) which unfortunately result in death more often. Men also don't reach out as much or when they do may not be as able to express what's going on, simply because they don't talk about their emotions as often  
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:24:55
Nice! Hadn't seen this Ride before. We'll reach out and try to connect :)
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:30:36
u/deannolan Have you had a chance to check out HeadsUpGuys?
We're one of the very few resources in the world dedicated to addressing the issue of depression and suicide in men. 
Also often issues with alcohol, drug use, or gambling are ways people hide deeper issues like depression, PTSD, or other mental health issues. 
ps. this is a great initiative! not quite sure why there are negative comments. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 07:23:51
Very sorry to hear about your friend. We're working hard to increase our reach to help more men, their friends, and families. If you know anyone who may find it useful, please pass along our resource. 