@_author: healthsapiens
@_date: 2018-04-04 04:02:38
Building an economy "out of debt" isn't fair. 
You can't have a "credit" system without the commensurate "debt" that follows it. "credit", or the promise of future repayment, is one of the reasons why we have potential life advancement today. Before there was rapid innovation and technological progress, there was stagnation. Economists generally assume that the stagnation was there because there was no promise of future wealth creation in the future, so no one ever let other people borrow money. 
Banking and Credit is arguably what allowed the renaissance to occur, and all the technological innovation that followed after it. 
Don't think their inherently evil. Banks certainly overstep their boundaries in the last few decades, but without a credit system, we wouldnt be where we are today. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 03:25:55
Nodes listen/record the blockchain
Miners write the blockchain. 
You need miners to have this competition of sorts, so that it is difficult to be the miner that puts the block in the blockchain. 
Your problem lies in 


How do you decide which node gets to do this? Remember, all nodes by design, don't trust eachother. 
This is where mining comes in; miners compete to solve the math puzzle that everyone else is also trying to solve. When some miner solves the puzzle, everyone can see that they solved it, and people can come to consensus on that. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 03:47:35
Because its much easier to have 51% of nodes than it is to have 51% of mining power. 
One person can make a node with a simple raspberry Pi computer. You can also make one computer into multiple nodes. Theres nothing special about a node that protects a blockchain from attack. All one person has to do is establish enough computers to have 51% of nodes. Better yet, run a virus that infects computers, and make them be nodes for you. Then you have 51% of the nodes or more. 
The security comes from the race that miners are in. If you dont have that race, you dont have security. It has to be difficult to be a miner. 
I have a feeling im not answering your question to your satisfaction. Unfortunately, im at the limit of my knowledge. Check out youtube or other sources to get the rest of your question answered. One thing i can 100% promise you, however, is that you absolutely need miners, and there is no way around that (except for an alternative consensus mechanism, which what you described, is not one of them)