@_author: heartsandunicorns
@_date: 2014-12-13 22:07:56
In the USA the government (at all levels) spends more on healthcare than the private sector does. We have a 2/3 government system already. The government even spends more as a % of GDP than many European nations. 
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:43:35


There is a big assumption in your claims --- that the government is legitimate. So, I will ask you to show some evidence. Why is the government legitimate? Why does it have a territorial monopoly of decision making? How is it different from a popular gang? Please don't dodge this one. It is very important. And make sure to not use circular logic here.
Here is a scenario that makes it more clear. My big brute of a brother and I come to your door and demand that you give us 30% of your stuff because you are on "our" property. You object, "This is my house and my stuff!". But it's 2 vs 1. Majority rules. If you refuse, we throw you in a cage and take all of your stuff. You relent, realizing that it is better to lose 30% of your stuff than 100% of it and be thrown in a cage. My brother and I then use some of your money to help your poor grandma, even though you would have done that yourself.


The economy works despite the predation of the state, not because of it. Why don't you leave? You should go to North Korea. The funny part is that Somalia is an example of a failed communist state that caused a huge civil war. And in the absence of a large organized government, Somalia has fared better than neighboring countries in many respects.


If you look at western society, where we all started out from similar places, those countries that have lower taxes and regulations fare better economically than those with high taxes and regulations. Hong Kong and Singapore adopted freer markets while they were little backwater villages, and now they are some of the richest areas in the world. The evidence is clear. Sustained periods of low regulation and low taxes are better for a country's economy. And, we have not yet found a lower bound where removing taxes and regulations (beyond don't steal, assault, defraud, or vandalize) begins to hurt an economy.
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:56:48
The state knows that people love their families, and their friends, and their communities. It is natural for people to have an affinity for their native land. They play on this. 
Your retort falls flat. Just because I am within the imaginary lines that the state claims, it does not mean I consent to the state. It means that I prefer to have 40% of my stuff stolen by the USA while being around my family and friends than to have 30% of my stuff stolen by Ireland while being away from my family and friends. It is a preference. It is not consent.
I think thanosied would agree that he has no problem paying for the things that he uses. But there is no reason for me to pay for the things I don't use. And with social welfare programs, many solutions existed before the state came into the field. Mutual aid societies are one great example of people voluntarily socializing their risk at a community level. This was done without force and violence. And it was done at a much lower cost.