@_author: heathenchem84
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:05:49
I did not invest with Mt.Gox, but I have to say, Erik, you are a sanctimonious prick. You lost less than .5% of your holdings and you come on here and wax poetic like you're Winston Churchill. You are not Churchill, hell you're not even Warren Buffett. We do not look to you for guidance or your wisdom. As a bitcoin investor, I know what the risks are when I'm investing. It's not like investing in shares of Google or Microsoft. This isn't a blue-chip stock. If you don't have the stomach for ups and downs, you shouldn't be involved, or at the very least, not with an amount that you're not comfortable losing.
I'm sure people have lost money and their faith is shaken, and I really do feel awful for them. But I'm also not about to stand up on a pedestal and tell people the future looks bright and we have to weather the storm like I'm a CEO who just laid off half his workforce. Am I holding? Yes, because I have a strong stomach and I know I risk losing my entire investment, but I believe in the fundamental future of this technology. But manufactured grandoise statements like yours that wreak of  PR do nothing to strengthen my confidence in bitcoin and sound tone-deaf to those that lost everything.
We are at risk from evil? Devastation will befall us repeatedly? Why do we build these towers that fall down upon us? Toward peace and freedom? Shut the fuck up, Commissioner Gordon.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:47:41
Okay, let's assume he had a couple more shareholders. He may not have been the only shareholder of SatoshiDice, but let's just throw out a stupid non scientific number and say he was one of 15 shareholders (ignoring the fact that he was the owner and founder and it was probably far from an even split, with him being a majority shareholder). That means his cut would be 8000 bitcoins. And he lost 550? So, what? 6.875%? Cry me a fucking river. For someone invested in bitcoin, a 6.875% loss is what they deal with while taking a shit. He's clearly concerned about the value of his remaining bitcoins and doesn't want to lose more through devaluation. Notice how he doesn't have to, nor chooses to, disclose the full extent of his current holdings.