@_author: heatherkwebb
@_date: 2016-07-25 07:34:47
That's great, thank you!
Hopefully there is better integration for this sometime in the future
@_date: 2016-07-25 03:29:11
Thank you for the detailed response!
@_date: 2016-07-24 20:10:03
Hi It is my understanding that electrum supports hardware devices for regular wallets; but that multisig does not support hardware signing keys.  If anyone knows an electrum reddit account, maybe we could ask them here
@_date: 2016-07-25 03:31:23
I see that Electrum supports all 3 for normal wallets (Trezor, Keepkey, and Ledger), but I don't see how to use a hardware wallet on Electrum for multisignature wallets.  I apologize if this is a silly request - but would you mind explaining how to me? I haven't been able to find it in their documentation either.
The two options - "Create Multisignature wallet" and "Create Hardware wallet" are two separate options, and upon clicking multisig, the app automatically creates a seed for me.
@_date: 2016-07-24 20:05:35
Hi Thanks for the detailed response!
If hypothetically Chrome did push silent updates without Copay's approval, what is the worst that could happen? Because the private keys are still stored on the hardware wallets, they couldn't steal the bitcoin could they? (Perhaps alter what address bitcoin were being sent to if the wallet was being actively used, but as long as no transactions were being made, they couldn't steal bitcoin sitting in a Copay wallet, right?)
That's great to hear that Nano S will be mostly open source!  I understand that you have been around for a long time and are a trustworthy company, but one of the major advantages of Bitcoin is that no trust is necessary.  What are your viewpoints, not on your team including backdoors, but on the possibility of unknown vulnerabilities in the proprietary smart cards you use?
Thank you for your time!
Edit:  2 more questions, sorry.
Could you also discuss how entropy is generated in order to create the private keys?  I know both Trezor and Keepkey use a combination of hardware generated entropy and external entropy from the computer, but I wasn't able to find information on Ledger Nano S.
Also, I know that the Ledger Starter is necessary to securely set up the current Ledger Wallets; will this be necessary with Ledger Nano S as well?
Thanks once again!