@_author: heavy_rotation
@_date: 2018-01-27 17:41:13
Please don't take what I am about to say as trolling, I appreciate and root for crypto and have for years, but I guess I don't understand the community and exactly what you all want in terms of crypto and how it is regulated, or not regulated.
For example, this sub is filled with posts about 5 and 6 figure transactions that take months to show up with zero accountability from the receiving exchange, or even a response. There is wide spread evidence of price manipulation and fraud. Finally, the security at some of these exchanges is clearly inadequate, as 100s of millions of dollars have now been stolen and there is zero recourse for the people who have lost everything.
Contrast that with your complaint that it took a couple of phone calls and 30 minutes to get your money while they made sure both you and your family member weren't getting scammed. That just doesn't seem like a big deal to me compared to everything mentioned above.
So what am I missing? Is crypto supposed to be a truly unregulated wild west type of environment, and it is up to the individual to make sure they aren't defrauded. Or should there be accountability and processes in place to protect the  individual. It has to be one or the other.
@_date: 2018-01-28 18:15:44
Thanks, at first I was down voted to hell, but nice to see some people on here think it is a legitimate question. What I didn't mention is I have worked in finance for a decade and carry multiple Securities licenses. I know securiries markets better than most people so I understand firsthand some of the frustrations of the modern banking system. But I have also seen people saved millions and millions of dollars because there are regulations and protocols in place to keep people from losing everything.
I also have been in charge of research and doing write-ups on some of the new cryptos as part of a Contracting gig I have with an extremely large Financial Services firm. There are times when I read through white papers and think to myself, wow they have a really good idea going on here. Then there are other times that I can't believe someone would even give a pause to putting their money into it. Over the years I have spoken with hundreds of clients who have lost everything in the options markets, and a lot of crypto makes options seem like a Chuck-E-Cheese game.