@_author: heddyquilts
@_date: 2013-11-27 09:36:25
Well, maybe not, but I don't think it's necessary for them to. Maybe a company could have a central server running a full bitcoin node, dedicated to verifying transactions in the way I described, and each retailer location would simply communicate with that server (which they'd have to trust) to verify transactions. There are probably all sorts of alternative solutions to this that can be built on top of the bitcoin protocol/software.
@_date: 2013-11-19 06:11:03
I've found  to be very useful. It's the only website I know of that doesn't require you to "get verified" or meet in person.
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:01:59
The transaction had lots of very small inputs, which blockchain.info hided because they all came from the same address. Each input had to be signed by the sender, and those signatures are the main contributers to transaction size I think.
Hmm, if blockchain.info forgot about your transaction, then I would start worrying. I don't know enough to say what that means exactly, maybe make a new post about it.
@_date: 2013-11-27 09:06:45
If the gas station is running a bitcoin node with a full copy of the blockchain, then it will receive your transaction very soon after you broadcast it, and can verify that your transaction is properly signed and valid, which gives the gas station very high confidence that the transaction will be accepted by miners. Once the gas station has the transaction and determines that it's valid, then it can be sure that the transaction is propagated through the network and that it will be included in a block (i.e. confirmed) at some point. In the mean time, if you try to double-spend those coins by making a second transaction that spends the same coins, the network will reject the second transaction because everyone knows you have already spent those coins, even if the first transaction hasn't been put into a block.
So you should only have to wait a few seconds for your transaction to propagate through the network and for the gas station to verify that your transaction is valid. At that point, the only way for you to reverse the transaction is to take over the bitcoin network by mining most of the blocks and never actually including the gas station transaction, after you drove away.
@_date: 2013-11-19 06:07:39
I think OS's delete files by just removing a pointer to where the file is stored on the HD. If the OS hasn't since made use of the place where the file was stored, then the data may still be written there.
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:22:34
The transaction is 3 kB (rounded up) and so is supposed to include 0.0003 BTC in fees, this transaction only includes 0.0001 BTC in fees. The transaction should be accepted eventually, but it might take a day or two.
@_date: 2013-11-17 23:54:44
You'd have to be pretty careless to buy a bitcoin address from someone else (or in general, use a bitcoin address generated by someone else). Your ownership of your bitcoins depends entirely on you being the *only* one with access to a secret. If you buy an address from someone else, then they had access to the secret, and there's no way for them to prove that they no longer have access to it. Plus the buyer has no idea what lengths the seller went to to keep the secret secure before giving it to you. Plus the secret could be intercepted while transmitting it to the buyer.