@_author: heffel77
@_date: 2012-12-29 08:40:31
I agree with you. You never know when you are going to run into the "silk road is tarnishing the good name of bitcoin" breed of people. Since, I didn't know, I leaned towards him being one of the anti-silk road brigade. I think the best part about bc's are the almost complete anonymity of the medium. I too, am of the "go fuck yourself" school of diplomacy. Haha
@_date: 2012-09-12 15:19:30
It just took a longer time to post than i thought it would. i did the math wrong so i was just a little shy of what i need on my first deposit so i had to make another deposit. when i woke up this morning, the other couple of btc's were there. it just took a little lag time. So i paid 82 usd for 7.34btc, plus fees, which is about right. i just got impatient because the first deposit showed up so quick and the second took 12-14 hrs.
@_date: 2012-12-26 08:56:14
When I first started buying bitcoins and participating in the market, I used MtGox once, then found bitinstant and used that from now on. I used it about half a dozen times and found the convenience and speed, along with the ease of use, amazing. At first I was a little intimidated by getting started, which I assume is the case with most new users.
However, and while I understand the urge to separate the bitcoin market from the traditional banking market. when bitinstant dropped the feature that allowed me to go to wells fargo and make cash deposits that appeared within minutes in my wallet, to having to go to CVS, WalMart, etc..it stopped me from using bitinstant. Around the same time, I think you guys went offline for awhile or something. I don't quite remember but I know that due to some of the changes you've implemented, I haven't bought bitcoins since. Granted, I'm one of the ones that did use your service on the silk road among other places, so you may be glad I'm no longer one of your customers. 
I generally don't comment on things like this but since you are a part of the team, I felt you should know that not everyone is happy with the changes you've made and I've started looking for other bc providers. I bookmarked your site and was a loyal customer, while not a huge one, for a few months. Then the price went from 9 USD to 10 to 12, now you say it's at 13.  I just felt it was important to let you know this. 
Congrats on having a successful company and helping give the community some legitimacy but, I for one don't use it anymore and I really wish you would reconsider on adding the in-bank option. Part of what I loved about bitinstant was that it was instant. That is no longer the case and I feel that I should let you know that. I'm sure you had your reasons but even if they were for the greater good, you lost at least one customer because of them.
Despite this, congrats on making it a year. That is quite an accomplishment for any new business and my hats off to you. I'm just sorry I can't enjoy the ride any more.
@_date: 2012-12-29 08:36:38
I didn't mean to imply that your service wasn't instant. What I meant was I don't have a car but live next door to a wells fargo. I would have to go waaay out of my way to use any of the other locations. I had heard from other posters that the service was slowing down in the sense that it was taking longer to receive bitcoins.
I understand that you had no control over the dropping of the bank option. I haven't read the blog post but I was just saying in my case, it was unfortunate and that has led to my staying away from bitinstant. There seemed to be a lot of hubbub about Bitinstant being off and looking for new options and maybe I listened to too much hype but dropping the bank option was a big reason I don't use you guys. Still though, I never had a problem using the website and if i was closer to a moneygram/cvs/ etc..I would want to use it again.
Thanks for your response
@_date: 2012-09-12 21:52:00
no, i made two transactions and one just showed up yesterday and when i checked this morning the other half had shown up. then the math worked out, i just jumped the gun about bitching about it. thanks though