@_author: heikolinooo
@_date: 2019-01-26 11:44:27
So you mean all the businesses built around crypto are all wrong and you right?
IBM promoting Blockchain World Wire which uses crypto (stablecoins as well as bitcoins and altcoins) for settlement?
Ripple promoting xRapid, which is already in use and settling cross border payments with XRP? See for reference: MercuryFX, many more testing it/implementing it soon
BitPesa using Bitcoin for cross border payments
4000 BTC ATM and rising
All these dApps built on Ethereum, Tron, EOS, ...
Virtual reality worlds like Decentraland or BeachHead built solely on crypto?
etc etc
You know that central banks are just one step close to issue their own cryptocurrencies?! Which eventually have to be exchanged and settled through different blockchains which needs a neutral counterparty-free crypto like XRP, BTC or XLM? 
Here you see the IMF urging central banks to issue cryptocurrencies: [
Here you see Jesse Lund, Head of Blockchain from IBM stating that we are very close to see central banks issuing own crypto: [
Mods, don't delete this. Let's roast him. ;-)
@_date: 2019-01-24 23:45:33
converting old Nokia phones to indestructible wallets is actually a great business idea ;-)
@_date: 2019-01-25 20:17:54
Thats true. If you ask for my opinion, there are some possibilities I consider
1. A long and very boring bear market with a lot of sideways. With long I mean like 2-3 years. Just chop between 3000ish and 4000ish. After 3 years of chop most of traders and retail will have lost interest/faith. Industry will mature, shitcoins and scams will be dead. Slow and steady upwards movement after that. 
2. Bottom in, some volatility, but slowly pumping upwards. Look at NASDAQ after dot-com bubble. Something like that. NASDAQ after dot-com is bubble, big&amp;short crash and quick recovery. Only 2008-09 financial crisis came in between, otherwise it would be a very very quick recovery. Since dot-com and blockchain both are revolutionary technologies, expect something like this.
3. Full retrace to 1000ish, long long crypto winter, 5-6 years, slow recovery of some resilient coins with use-case. Tyler Jenks speaks about this probability. He essentially spent his whole life studying bubbles so you might want to check it out
4. Complete death of crypto, remains only as a niche for criminals, freaks and hardcore believers
My probability guess for each of the above-mentioned four possibilities is:
Still a 90% chance of winning, even though timeframes differ.
But thats just MY opinion. :-) 
@_date: 2019-01-25 20:03:38
I am very sorry to announce that you just can't draw any line on a chart and assume this is a trend or support line ;-) I get what you are trying to say and it might be true, but at this points its all guessing. :-)
Good luck to all of us.