@_author: hektorviktorious
@_date: 2017-05-09 16:56:20
I just finished a senior seminar Philosophy of Money course at my university where I wrote a decent paper on bitcoin and the nature of money. I focused on whether bitcoin should count as money proper, not so much as to whether it should have a specific legal status which is more of a policy matter, but I can offer a little input. 
There are four main functions of money: it's a storage of value, a unit of account, a universal medium of exchange, and a means of debt repayment. Bitcoin checks off all these easily and so fits all the functional criteria, but there are two primary theories of the metaphysical nature of money, the commodity theory and the chartalist theory, and bitcoin really only fits well into the latter. The commodity theory says that in addition to the four functional criteria, money needs to be some commodity with intrinsic value that is universally appreciated (e.g. gold) or some direct representation thereof that is primarily a medium of exchange, whereas the chartalist view maintains that money is a representation of value (*charta* - latin for ticket or token) as affirmed by some authority, and is better primarily characterized by the function of debt repayment.  This is usually related to taxes (this thing is money because the state says it is and you will accept it because you need it to pay taxes--state debts) but not always. In general, bitcoin is viewed more favorably by chartalists than by commodity theorists, as it's more of a stretch to point to an intrinsically valued commodity underlying bitcoin than it is to demonstrate a strong backing authority as represented by the blockchain.
The chartalist view is much better historically supported than the commodity theory as an account for the origin of money (look up the Myth of Barter), but it holds far less public sway. Most Americans, including most of the people working at the Federal Reserve tend to be commodity theorists, as that's the standard economics textbook position, though this is shifting slightly currently to more accurately reflect history. The US dollar is fiat currency and while it is no longer tied to a real commodity like gold or silver, most people (in and out of government) tend to treat it conceptually as though it still is, and I would argue that this is one of the biggest obstacles in getting bitcoin accepted on a legal level. Bitcoin has some commodity theory proponents, but they are the minority, and as things are, bitcoin does not fit neatly into existing legal systems or cultural paradigms about what money is. To get bitcoin accepted as a legal currency, I think that these obstacles need to be addressed first.
Best of luck with the paper!!