@_author: helghardt_xoin
@_date: 2014-09-02 14:29:58
Yes, bitcoin has behaved more stable over the past few months. 
However, if you want to sell prepaid bitcoin in a store it would not be wise to take the risk of selling bitcoin that is pre-purchased. 
@_date: 2014-08-26 06:21:12
Currently Xoin focuses on making it possible for stores to only sell prepaid bitcoin - it is a one direction solution. Once we are integrated with larger stores, it will definitely be possible for stores to also buy bitcoins using the Xoin platform.
@_date: 2014-09-02 14:41:37
Good question.
A merchant can only stock activated Xoin vouchers once his account has been credited. Xoin distributes voucher batches. Merchants credit their account by referencing a unique batch number that they wish to activate. 
These funds are not yet converted to Bitcoin. Only when a customer redeems a voucher, then our backend executes a buy order at the real-time exchange rate. Essentially we will not activate Xoin vouchers that are not backed by available funds.
This works exactly the same as the South African airtime model for resellers - first topup, before you can sell. Small store owners in South Africa are familiar with this model. Merchants are notified via sms when a batch is activated.
We have built in a mechanism to flag any vouchers that have been redeemed, but not yet activated. Customers will be prompted to contact us if this happens. We will then also contact the merchant and investigate the situation. 
Also, customers are advised to only trust registered resellers.
Edit: Grammar
@_date: 2014-09-02 13:45:53
Thank you for your feedback.
@_date: 2014-09-02 13:25:43
Yes. Xoin is not exposed to bitcoin volatility. You can hold on to a Xoin voucher and redeem the face value at anytime. Only when you redeem the voucher and receive your bitcoin then you are exposed to the volatility of the market price.
At the instance that you redeem a Xoin voucher our platform executes a buy order equal to the face value of the voucher at the local bitcoin exchange. You then receive your bitcoin calculated at the realtime exchange rate.