@_author: heliomantle
@_date: 2018-03-09 08:53:29
To clarify inflation is purely a monetary phenomenon, it doesn’t hold over for “stuff”. Land isn’t inflationary or disinflationary. Land prices are a function of demand for land in an area. If demand increases then so do prices. 
Bitcoin is neither neither inherently inflationary or deflationary as a bit coin is not used as a common form of currency. Therefore it’s demand is derived as a commodity, not as a monetary tool. Aka bitcoin price is determined by supply and demand. USD are not supply or demand, interest rates are and interest rates are the connection between the monetary and real spheres. Inflation in monetary terms can be due to a host of causes of which many have nothing to do with the quantity of money.
Also if you treat bitcoin as a currency like others said, deflationary currencies tend to favor the wealthy, who spend a small fraction of their wealth on necessary purchases while the poor spend most of their income on purchases of consumables. Inflation can be bad for the poor if there is significant wage rigidity.
@_date: 2018-03-14 00:56:45
Read down posted a detailed reply
@_date: 2018-03-09 09:00:00
This has nothing to do with bit coin being deflationary, bitcoin would be inflationary if no one wanted it at all. Remember bitcoin is not a monetary phenomenon, it’s is an item, a commodity, it has rules of supply and demand. For currencies supply and demand interacts with interest rates and other variables, but not for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-09 20:34:14
I’m assuming “slow down of progress” means slowing economic growth, but slower economic growth does not result in a deflationary currency.  Inflation/deflation can have multiple causes. Inflation can be caused by growth and lack of workers (wage inflation), by increase in the money supply (if and only if that money is available for borrowing unlike our last recession where credit tightened resulting in a drop in the velocity of money and therefore counter balancing the increase in supply) by large spikes in demand for goods (often but not always associated with wage inflation) or conversely by a large drop in the supply of goods. Deflation can be caused by the opposite of the above, so lots of supply of goods becoming available (for consumers or producers) and economic recession that tightens credit more than drop in growth, or by contraction of the monetary base. Inflation or deflation is comprised of multiple of these phenomenon moving together.
I assume when you say “appreciated slower” you mean inflation? Inflation doesn’t create an incentive for productive investment, inflation creates demand for certain types of financial instruments such as stocks instead of liquid cash etc or bonds. The incentive for investment comes from the difference between the real (natural etc) interest rate not the nominal interest rate, as inflation increases the nominal interest rate does also, but if you minus the rate of inflation from interest rates you get the real interest rate which provides incentive to invest but also discourages borrowing (and more savings equals less consumption hence the classic paradox of thrift).
@_date: 2018-03-09 09:05:47
Untrue you need to go read about the Breton-Woods agreement and how the gold standard creates serious monetary and exchange rate problems which were eventually removed in post Breton-woods era. Gold was deflationary and a constricting circumstance.
@_date: 2018-03-09 08:55:18
Which leads to your comment making no logical sense
@_date: 2018-03-13 01:02:23
You mean what “you” don’t understand lol.
@_date: 2018-03-16 23:16:22
You cleared up your words a bit but are still confused and or incorrect in your understanding. When you say deflation you need to specify what you are talking about, there is no deflation in crypto currencies because the monetary base is always growing and the value of the bitcoin is not determined by the real and financial economy interacting, but by the demand for an asset class. Bitcoin is not an investment in an financial instrument, it is an investment in a commodity. An investment return is comprised of asset appreciation and the asset return (interest, stock dividends etc) which bitcoin does not have, it only increases in value if more people buy it. Bitcoin is also very risky, so that 10% doesn’t apply, if you do it analytically the real return is the % return minus the risk of losing investment etc. so yeah bitcoin may have higher return but the risk is not appropriate for the return therefore bitcoin real value is far lower.
Normally deflation is caused by a lack of investment, and normally purchasing of commodities is inflationary.
Either way most of this communities basic misunderstanding is calling bitcoin a currency, which it is not, it’s a commodity with no inherent value.
In summary there is no such thing as an inflationary or deflationary currency, inflation or deflation is a relationship between the currency and real economy, not an inherent trait.