@_author: hellodeveloper
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:55:49
Some other services I've used are: wesellcrypto.com and bitit.gift.  Both seem to be very legit despite the higher fees.
@_date: 2017-05-06 02:11:44
I don't know what's going on, but... I have had the chance to chat with Ilya quite a few times in the past so I want to take a moment to say a few things just in case.
1. Ilya seems like a good guy who's passionate about the space and loves Bitcoin. He likes developing software, knows about security, and has been developing a while.  He definitely does his research and takes time to protect against social engineering attacks and Direct attacks (he was the one who even told me about the SMS compromise)
2. If something went down, GoCelery only has one person to fix it... Ilya.  He's doing what he can to keep it alive and make the company grow despite regulations, politics, and numerous hack attempts against the service.  To be honest, it's amazing his service has been up and stable without issues this long. 
3. I'm sure Ilya will do what he can to make things right, regardless of the situation. Again, I have no idea what happened or what could have happened... I'm sure he'll announce it soon enough, and I seriously hope the outcome is positive!
@_date: 2017-05-06 19:38:41
Yeah me too!  I know he's not directly drafting the money, so if you bought it before the shutdown, it was still probably pending via checkbook.io...  (It usually takes a week for me to hit my bank).  Aside from that, exchange rate and high number of unconfirmed transactions are really good guesses in my books. The other could potentially involve a hot wallet hack (look up the chain, around 57k worth of Bitcoin was sent at 12:40 am on May 4th from multiple wallets related to the ones GoCelery uses... Oddly enough, that matches the amount that shows on the hot wallet transparency page).  Again, don't take this as anything other than a pure speculation.  
The other one is definitely the trade and volitality. The constant up and down is going to create some really weird situations for small businesses, and would potentially destroy others.  I don't think his overhead was high enough to bankrupt his company, so I doubt that did. (A hack definitely would though, unless he's insured... Which I think he is...)
I'll just say straight up - if someone did manage to hack Ilya's stuff and steal 57k, they're a total shitbag. He even offers a bug bounty on his site... Why steal!?
Edit: reason for my suspicion ... 
@_date: 2016-07-08 06:53:32
I also haven't had any issues whatsoever myself.  I buy items off of purse and can say awesome things.  There was one order recently where I ordered it and the item showed up damaged.  Purse immediately ordered a label and said they'll refund me once Amazon receives it.  
