@_author: hellomyfrients
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:23:14
Next time, every time you're about to say "Bitcoin" just say "blockchain" instead.  Great success.
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:59:16
People will gladly pay if given an incentive (such as the removal of intrusive advertisements on all sites they visit for a few bucks a month, you can get more creative with bonus features a la reddit gold).
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:54:03
What alternatives?  These regulations apply to all virtual currencies, and any other financial product on the market is much more highly regulated than this.
You want to open a credit card or bank account in the US today?  Government ID and SSN/tax ID, please.  I see for example none of these requirements to open a BTC wallet.
So, what alternatives?
@_date: 2014-06-16 00:39:04
This is exactly what BTC needs for widespread adoption.  Not.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:31:52
Don't be daft.  Your rulers today are the bankers.  What do you think this regulation would look like if it was drafted by Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, etc?  They're the ones who own the debt that binds you to the global financial system, and the ones who own all the markets - stock, commodity, etc.  Lawsky and his ilk are one of the few things standing between you and them when it comes to BTC.
Let them set up regulations and set up a sandbox so the institutional money can flow into BTC rather than against it.
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:34:28
US SEC already regulates ForEx as it's conducted in the United States.
This is not about foreign exchange anyway, it's about fitting Bitcoin into the "legacy" financial services system as an ETF, commodity, etc.  You can already buy and sell BTC in the US without much extra regulation (aside from FinCen requirements, which are not going away any time soon) and without paying Lawsky a fee, but when it comes to mainstream adoption clear and Bitcoin-friendly regulations can only be a boon to peoples' confidence in the currency.
And yes, I think these regulations will help keep the price stable by increasing the market cap of BTC to the point where it's more than just a $8B play currency.
@_date: 2014-06-05 14:54:14
Yeah, and I can log into your Chase account and send a transfer to my bank in Albania that'll be gone before you can start the complicated procedure of reversing an International wire.  Good luck finding an insurance today that covers that!
2FA is standard on Coinbase and I am positive it will be on Circle as well.  If you're a small fry that should be enough, and if you're a big fish you better make sure to secure your 2FA and passwords (or if big enough your keys).  
With all these protections in place, insuring against gross user negligence (what is required to lose coins) becomes more of a vector for scams than a legitimate protection of the average user.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:13:15
How is that any less "frictionless" than what we have now?  It requires one extra reddit PM on the part of the sender, otherwise the system operates identically.
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:45:37
Cointip can move to a decentralized service where, when you tip, it will give you the user's address if one is on file.  Otherwise, it will ask the user for an address, providing instructions on how to create a wallet.  Then you can send the BTC however you please and cointip can confirm the transaction and post its comment.
Fully in compliance, no?
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:18:30
Because an "investigation and dispute resolution organization" sounds so much better than the government at safeguarding our rights, and can serve the same role in deterring and curtailing violations of the law and other contracts as a government but without the use of the "force/coercion" anarchists are so quick to rail against the current system for....
Never heard a single anarchist give me an explanation that makes pragmatic sense for who and how contract law would be enforced without force or coercion of any kind, and without having the enforcement organization turn into a government as we currently know it (after all, one of the main purposes of the government is to enforce private property rights and other forms of contract law).
@_date: 2014-07-15 15:08:57
Good luck getting two people with no interest in agreeing to agree on which piece of private property is whose.  Apparently not even the anarchist community can agree how this is done, never mind people in areas where there is conflict due to weak centralization.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:07:29


Big business often does benefit from these things... look at the Kochs and all the Randian think-tanks that have $billions in funding.  Virtually anarcho capitalists and definitely libertarians.  They aren't big in Bitcoin because it's inherently worthless (no, CPU power solving random hashes is not an inherently valuable asset to multi billionaires and neither is a public ledger when such centralized ledgers are trivially acomplished) not because it's libertarian.  As the transaction network becomes itself valuable at enabling easier, lower fee transactions than the current system, big business will definitely be investing.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:35:11
Seems like as long as he oppresses women "voluntarily", he's a hero to this sub...
Probably the same people that think that cypherpunks are a purely ancap/libertarian movement.  They fetishize their freedom of thought and receptiveness to other peoples' competing ideals but at the end of the day they're just the same closed minded fools who ignore and downvote information that's not convenient to their narrow worldview.
@_date: 2014-06-05 13:50:44
What these people don't understand is that decentralized risk management pools using cryptocurrencies will eventually be competing with insurance companies.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:52:13
And when/if one system expands into being nationwide?  What is the difference between that system of governance and our current one when those who do not "opt in" are asked to leave?
What about politics between these cities?  If one city collectively agrees to steal/pillage/rape/burn the others, starting with those that are weaker?  Are voluntary associations expected to protect from this?  Can you think of a system without "force or coercion" in governance able to respond to such a threat?
@_date: 2014-07-16 17:56:47
Why not a plain old contract with the terms written out by a lawyer?  Normally I'd say you could use boilerplate terms, but given that it's BTC there may be subtleties I'm not aware of.
@_date: 2014-07-17 23:30:56
Why? reddit never holds BTC?
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:25:08
To say the least... "We want private property rights, but any organization that enforces such a thing will have to be strictly voluntary guys, with no use of force and coercion like those dirty *states* issuing their useless fiat tokens."
Such a viewpoint insults the intelligence of its readers.
@_date: 2014-06-05 14:45:43
That is irrelevant.  For a web wallet like Circle or Coinbase, what kind of user negligence can really lead to coin loss?  Users aren't managing their own private keys on insured services, so of course user negligence is not covered.
But looking into the future, the deposits of sites like Coinbase or Circle could be ensured by other BTC users pooling together monthly insurance fees and deciding pay-ins based on risk and pay-outs based on loss in a decentralized fashion.  At this point the argument about traditional insurance companies' paradigms not being updated for cryptocurrencies presented becomes totally irrelevant, and power users of the currency become the clearing houses while Joe Public is happy paying an extra few percent to Coinbase when converting to fiat for the assurance that they don't have to worry about any of this.
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:00:33
Are you challenged?  He said state agents.  AKA employed by the government.
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:48:59
Thank you for being one of the few talking sense in r/Bitcoin.  Having grown up middle class in New York City, I know the Wall Street cabal well - I used to eat lunch for them, work for them, take their subways, talk to their cops, and breathe their air.  I can't even give a number for how many family and friends I have working in the financial system (even though I'm no longer living in NYC), but it's many more than I would ever wish on anybody.
That being said no regulation scares me nearly as much as an unregulated financial system.  People who are begging for this legitimately have no idea of the extent of human greed and depravity, and its remarkable ability to organize systematically and beat down everything in its path.  
The fact that we have bad regulations does not mean that we should have no regulations, it means that we should constantly be thinking about and fixing problems with the ones that we still have.  
And even if you think ideologically that we should get rid of them all, that's no reason to be a prick.  Ctrl-F for fuck or cunt or dick on any page mentioning these regulations.  Look at the most downmodded posts, many of which are fine per rediquette and presenting decent arguments.  The circlejerk is getting old, and we've reached the point in BTC adoption that we need to dig our heels in, grow up, put our suits on, and fight the system for what we want, picking our battles carefully for maximum social effect instead of going around and yelling about tearing it all down.
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:37:34
I love that this post was upmodded to +5, really shows the current libertarian chest beating mentality of r/Bitcoin.
Nevermind that it contains completely factual incorrect information with the vague source of "IIRC", and can be refuted with 2 seconds on Google (as another commenter here has already done).  I think the appropriate term is epic fail.
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:12:48
Too bad that we've decided that we want regulation of finance as a society.
Or maybe the Lawskys of the world should go home and just let Team Goldman Sachs et. al run business however they please, free from "licenses" and useless bother?  I'm sure you'd be the first to benefit from such a change &lt;/s&gt;.
@_date: 2014-11-23 03:35:38
Sign up for a free account, add a credit card, debit card, or bank account, and you can withdraw to US dollars instantly.  And it works worldwide.
@_date: 2014-07-14 23:27:04




No, no it does not.  It does not take care of inter community interactions or interactions individuals have outside communities in any way.  It requires individuals to agree on what basic property protection and security of person *are*.  If not starving to death is my interpretation of security of person, and I steal food from someone wealthy who views my defense as aggression on their property rights, the interaction is not taken care of and very much in a grey area.
If the entirety of the world can agree on what constitutes valid "security of person" or "property rights" without coercive force from an external entity, then maybe you have a point, but that's neither practical nor realistic.


Well, they do have authority to enforce the violation of their "security of person" and "property rights" in whatever way they see morally fit in this system.  How is that morally superior to the current system?


There is no difference, they are two sides of the same coin.  You can cloak a difference in rhetoric using terms that two humans can disagree on and still insist their interpretation is valid, but you have by no means solved the problem of contract law requiring aggression, self admittedly.
I'm not even going to tackle the problem of one COLA expanding into what is essentially a government.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:35:36


How can you enforce any sort of contract without monopolizing power?  That is my point!  If I enforce a contract through aggression in a region, I am essentially monopolizing the power of that region by denying the entity I am aggressing their power to opt out of my system.  Same point: enforcing contracts requires aggression.  Private property requires aggression.  Of course current states are aggressors, that is the point, and is in fact essential (you yourself admit)!


One man's aggression is another man's defense.  Separating aggression into two loosely defined concepts does nothing to solve the fundamental issue of its necessity in enforcing any form of law.
In order to start from scratch, I need a moral argument of why the new system will be superior to the current one.  In short, why is it worth the effort over changing the current system to start a new one if the new system will suffer from the same fundamental shortcomings?  Anarchists frequently use force and coercion as the moral shortcomings of the current system, and claim that it will be easier to start from scratch because these institutions are fundamentally and unrevokably morally corrupt, in contrast to the moral purity of future institutions.
These same moral shortcomings are present in all systems they propose though!  When I point this out, frequently I get responses condemning the current actions, structure, and behavior of the state.  To me, this is not an argument... it's like arguing for dismantling the free market because Walmart mistreats its employees.  We need to focus on improving the system in areas we see have shortcomings rather than focusing on its destruction.
I guess the point is that I don't see the moral argument, because I don't believe that current states are inherently or fundamentally any less evil than decentralized feudal-type "opt-in" societies.
Also almost all anarchists end their arguments with me with a plea to read more or educate myself.  I have done the reading and had the discussions, to suggest otherwise is to essentially disregard my opinions baselessly.
@_date: 2015-05-15 17:47:20
What would be better for someone who likes Internet recognition than to have thousands of people debating and looking for evidence behind who you really were?
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:14:57


You understand that what all these banks *want* is to get rid of all the pesky regulations people like Lawsky put in, same as you?  I'm glad you agree with that position, but I wouldn't want to live in a world where the banking cabal is not limited by any party whatsoever in their ultimate control of you and your own.
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:45:11




lol boy.  You're in the BTC sub preaching to the choir.  You've shown nothing but that you're a misguided punk who is angry at some caricature of the establishment he has in his own head.


@_date: 2014-07-17 18:18:45
OK, and I will go back to what this thread was originally for, providing feedback on regulation of Bitcoin in NYS.  Good luck with all that crazy and have a good one :).
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:38:41


Yeah, but what if *I* want to do this?  To my neighbors?  Is that OK in such a decentralized system of consent governance?
I'm not excusing the actions of governments today.  On the contrary, I think we should be constantly applying pressure through votes and public opinion to improve situations like the ones you linked.  But in a decentralized system, it is my right and I am correct in burning this uranium.


Name one market entity that you feel is more accountable to you today than the government?  Name one market entity in history that you feel is more accountable to its stakeholders (including those affected by externalities and not having bought into this entity) than, say, the US government?


Personally I think you will never really be able to choose a law provider.  Enforcing any form of contract inherently requires the use of force and coercion on those who do not willfully want to submit to their end of the contract's terms.  And I believe we *need* to enforce contract law somehow.  So even in a "decentralized" system (whatever that means), force will still need to be employed. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:02:45


That sounds like force or coercion in telling me what I can and can't do with my private property based on a social system where individuals agree on the extent of basic moral rights and freedoms to be protected, enforcing with force violations of these rights.
Like a "force-based, nonvoluntary" government almost...


Okay.  I no longer consent to abide by your laws, in fact I will start raping and murdering your city's women.  How to stop me without using force or coercion to force me to be subject to laws I do not agree with?
My bottom line is as follows - enforcing contracts requires force or coercion.  Otherwise contracts are meaningless if one party is not forced or coerced in any way to hold up their end.
Enforcing contracts through force and coercion is what governments do today, and what anarchists disagree with so vehemently.
If you have a way to enforce contracts without force or coercion through a system based exclusively on consent in governance, I'd love to hear it but I have done tons of anarchism related reading and have never seen a practical one presented.
If you believe we don't need to enforce contracts for society, I fundamentally disagree with that.
At the end of the day it boils down to a fundamental disagreement I have with anarchism - I do not believe laws or legal systems can practically be voluntary.  Enforcing the law requires force, period.  Whether it's a contract or not.
Let me also state that I do agree with much of what you are saying - actions causing no harm to others should not be legislated, and are.  Governments are often inefficient, unaccountable, nontransparent, and just plain shitty.  But I do not believe the solution is to scratch the current system entirely, start a new one, and expect it to somehow be morally better.
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:28:10
What if my individual will is to burn 10k tons of depleted uranium on my private property, rendering the surrounding 200 mile region uninhabitable and irradiated?


Yeah, having a private confederacy with only a questionable and theoretical form of public accountability try me sounds great!


We already have that... they're called states.  Replace town with country and see:


Sounds an awful like the way things are run, no?
Don't consent to US law?  Move to (Canada, Mexico, Russia, Somalia) today and the dream can be yours!
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:43:32
Watch out, your crazy is showing!


Clearly we have a fundamental disagreement here.  You see the state as a violent, coercive entity whose sole purpose is to violate peoples' rights, whereas I do not.  I'm not saying the state never violates peoples' rights or is perfect in any way, but I do know there are a world of people looking to violate my private property rights who are unable to because of such institutions, and I do know that I feel the state as more accountable to me than any other organization of people that exists in society (more accountable than corporations, or cartels, or the church, or any structure I have seen in history arise in the absence of regulation, etc.).
I do not count on any sort of non-violent opt-in organization to do the same for me in defending my property rights.


You did not present one - for someone who accuses me of not presenting a sensible argument, you did a great job at dodging the only point I've made.  How do you enforce contract law with no violence or coercion, of any kind, or without subjecting people who do not want to be a part of your system to its rules?  By "not letting them into your town?"  As if that will stop anyone....
As always with the Internet anarchists - much rhetoric, much anger, but no substance and no practical solutions to the problems of the real world.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:44:00
Because to many investors, trust matters.  Who do you trust with your 401k, a regulated entity in NY or one of the [exchanges running out of countries like Panama]( with no regulation, we have open for business today?
Regulation will open the door to Bitcoin for a lot of people who are not savvy enough to manage their own keys or confident enough to trust their money to an offshore service with no accountability.  There are a **lot** of these people.
@_date: 2015-07-02 16:31:05
That's a lot for a doctor, you must be a specialist?  I know several physicians in the NYC area (among the highest cost of living but also huge competition for doctor jobs) working 14+ hours for under $200k.  It gets even harder if you run a smaller practice.
@_date: 2012-08-07 20:52:30
Last time I checked they logged the amount, date, and address of each deposit or withdrawl, all transacted items, and all payments sent to other users for 1 month.  That's more than enough info.
@_date: 2012-08-07 22:40:05
Yeah.  I believe their official reasoning behind keeping it would be in case of disputes, security issues, etc.
@_date: 2012-08-07 20:53:17
Eventually the site will grow to the point where it will attract this kind of attention.  It's like phreaking in early computing... they'll leave it alone for a while to test the waters then crack down hard.
@_date: 2012-08-07 06:45:31
Silk Road has their own anonymizing pool which is used for all transactions on the site, from deposits to vendor withdrawls to inter-user transactions.  There's nothing that differentiates a staff withdrawl from any normal withdrawls, and with the use of multiple addresses they can easily withdraw as much as they want without suspicion.  
The BTC in the pool can be flagged as "dirty" by the major exchanges trying to keep up with anti-SR measures though.  At the same time, there are scores of people, even on the site itself, who exchange BTC for cash and wouldn't care about that issue.
@_date: 2012-08-07 07:41:31
Right.  If I were running an anti-SR investigation though, I would definitely target them at the exchanges... if the government wanted to, they could deposit tiny sums of money money into hundreds of SR accounts pretty easily and in an automated fashion.  That would introduce the coins to the tumbler, allowing many coins to be set as dirty (all coins in all addresses the BTC are sent through immediately, pretty trivial to write an algorithm to differentiate tumbler/genuine BTC transactions). Anyone withdrawing large quantities of flagged coins at the exchanges can get followed as either a vendor or operator.  The fact that the main admin of the site is in the US will not be helping his case either.
I can't help but feel that the people behind SR will be caught within 5 years.  They had some pretty severe security issues at the beginning that any motivated government agency could have probed at and investigated with ease.  The security holes I knew of were closed at some point, but I worry that it's in enforcement's interest to surveil the site as a precursor to a coming trend of similar markets.  If they're at all smart or funded enough to realize that because a site like SR is relatively simple to code and maintain (2 coders and a couple of just-hired BS positions for 22 million in sales a year) and relatively profitable and low-risk for the operators, there are plenty of people willing to step in.  If they did manage to bust and flip one of the SR staff, the data behind it would be much more valuable.
As a cannabis user and security-focused developer, Farmers Market and Silk Road have fascinated me for a long time, and I've had pretty extensive conversations with the staff of both and watched/analyzed both communities very carefully.  I personally wouldn't feel safe using SR without actual security experience, because there are so many mistakes newbies can make which have the potential to reveal their identity.  Every noob guide on the Internet that I can find has horrendous, snake-oil security advice (Wash your BitCoins at Instawallet! Use MtGox! etc.) that may protect kiddy-fiddlers from podunk PD but will fold under the resources of a federal investigation, at least one of which exists and is ongoing.
 I can tell you about 100 user/vendor-ID techniques I'd use if I were on that investigation, and I'm confident that even a motivated, well-funded private citizen could facilitate detection of the ~dozen core vendors, many of their customers, and a large amount of auxiliary vendors in under a year.
@_date: 2012-08-07 08:18:47
I don't think anyone uses SR to churn large amounts, considering that there are far less suspicious ways of doing so if you're not buying drugs.
As for the taint being spread evenly, I don't agree.  To the human eye it might be, but large vendors on the site are doing million dollar tainted withdrawls, because they're businesses and need to reup product.  Should be pretty trivial for a computer program to find, even downright easy with data about vendor sales and listings.
And of course if you gain access to the SR database itself all bets are off for every vendor that ships physical product.
@_date: 2012-08-08 00:27:01
All the stuff last I checked.