@_author: hellowarz
@_date: 2017-10-07 14:11:24
Oh wow good to know!
@_date: 2017-10-06 16:37:54
good to know thanks!
@_date: 2017-10-06 17:01:08
Ok good to know, I just wanted to make sure just in case :) Thanks guys!
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:59:08


You obviously do not understand fundamentally how code works. Wide consensus means nothing if a new bug/s are introduced. It is dangerous because if you change code more / new bugs can be introduced the risk of changing code is high. Now if there is a viable reason to do so then the risk/reward may change. 


This is how I know you don't seem to understand how this is dangerous in code that has billions of dollars depending on it. Any change can bring in unknown bugs that testing does not get. The only real test is to use it live... then billions of dollars are on the line.


You are talking about value not how it can not fundamentally introduce bugs in the core code. Your statement applies to hard forks. I am not saying soft forks cannot be bad, but they don't change the core code thus a rollback or those that just were not using say segwit would not be affected unlike a hard fork. A hard fork forces everyone to go down the wrong path a soft fork does not have to, it is backward compatible.


People are so worried about node count and only having "elite" nodes and they're completely fine with user count being lower and only having "elite" settlers.
Tell me how 2mb block fundamentally works toward that goal... Segwit without the 2mb block does that, the block change does very little and it does make everything less secure while forcing risk in the change.
So if 2mb blocks help scaling then why not have 16mb? 32mb? When should we even stop then? So many problems with this gibberish. Where is a single concrete reason in the argument? I am open if it does but I have not heard one real argument than it just makes it "easier"... at the expense of greater risk. That is not what I would call "overwhelming need".
So since you are insinuating we do need a 2mb upgrade why is it so important and what does it do so fundamentally more than segwit on its own? Those that want this are the ones required to prove why we should.
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:56:48


The thing is, how do bigger block sizes help that settlement? Especially in context of Segwit.


In fairness how would I have empirical data of that? I am talking about the logical conclusion of that implementation. 
That talks about it specifically.
However even without that, the logical conclusion of larger blocks means a smaller miner is less likely to get the big "payoff" from larger blocks while larger mining pools are more likely to.


I don't see how an increase in block size really helps verifying {perhaps I am missing something?} Quadratic hashing certainly would be a problem but lets assume Segwit does take care of it, it still centralizes mining.
I think this article (while old) still provides essentially the problem here with block sizes:


Mining pools will be forced to close due to rising costs and regulations. What's left are large powerful and regulated pools controlling what transactions happen at all.


Why is that not a real option? Why do we need block scaling over off chain solutions?


Hehe I agree with slowing down { but it won't :P }, however these just help larger block sizes but doesn't address why we really need larger blocks sizes.
We may disagree but I don't think it is viable to say there is absolutely no reason anyone should be against block size increases. (There are many) The end result of an increase might out-weigh the downside, however I still haven't seen any reasoning that really gives an "overwhelming" argument as to why we do. Too many arguments and benefits of block size increases seem to be vague and not refined to direct points.
Those that want a hard fork need to really convince everyone else otherwise I do think it should be passed up for now. (If it really is that important it will be brought up again with even better arguments and reasoning as to why we need it.)
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:00:27


There is no evidence that it would reduce uncertainty with 2mb hard fork. 
The reason most are against a hard fork is that changing the fundamental underlining code by definition is dangerous. We have code that currently works, if we change it things can break.
Segwit does not require a hard fork {changing of the underlining code}, thus has no possibility of breaking core code or jeopardizing peoples' money.
The Onus is on the ones wanting to change already working code. So far I have not heard one discernible reason why we need 2mb blocks, except that we have to have more code to be backwards-compatible.
That reason is very minimal and keeping backwards compatibility is better than breaking current core code. The risk-reward dichotomy is vastly different and since people have billions of dollars in bitcoin... Those that want to have something that could possibly destroy that money have to have an overwhelming reason why they want to take such a large risk.
So to really answer you:
  It is contentious because we already have something that is working, there are solutions that don't require changing core code, and there really isn't a reason given why 2mb is needed other than it makes it easy... While ignoring the fact that anytime core code is changed there is real risk in unforeseeable bugs. 
The onus is on those that want the hard fork, and they have done a terrible job in explaining why it is so important. The answer: it isn't, it just makes some code cleaner while jeopardizing everyone's money.
@_date: 2017-07-19 22:49:26


You never said that until now, how about the fact that 2mb blocks centralize mining even more? I agree with getting transactions to be cheap, tell me how the 2mb block does that better than just segwit alone...


The idea is to maximize utility. If we could add 32mb blocks without drawback, why wouldn't we? What do you have against more space?
Additionally, adding changes to bitcoin is hard (haven't you seen?). If we don't include this now, there's a good chance we won't be able to for years. It doesn't make sense not to; the effects are minimal (when xthinblocks and FIBRE network are considered) and the throughput is greatly increased.
The problem with bigger and bigger block sizes is that it increasingly centralizes mining which is fundamentally against bitcoins decentralization model.


How does increasing the block size do that?


It is hard, and it should stay that way. Keeping it hard to change, keeps everything more consistent and gets rid of proposals that might seem nice on the surface but that could have many bugs / exploits that can't really be known until it is running in production anyway.
I am all for good new ideas, but I think that scaling the blocks which centralizes mining is against the embodiment of decentralization enshrined in bitcoin. That being said if the cost/risk is minimal to the gain I am certainly willing to reconsider however since 2x code hasn't even been tested in production yet and the supposed gains are hard to quantify I certainly am skeptical. 
Curious, how does the FIBRE network require larger block sizes? Same with xthinblocks, unless I am really missing something neither requires a larger block size. {preserving a more decentralized mining and security} They certainly are worth looking into lets just make sure we pick the absolute best especially if we are changing the core code {production tested with billions of dollars} vs. off-chain implementations that are backwards compatible. 
@_date: 2017-07-20 06:26:30


I do not deny that Segwit is not an infinitely scalable solution, neither is block scaling... The same about upwards to infinite scale is also required in space (size of the blocks) in your scenario.
Of course Segwit still uses the blockchain just like Lightning Network will too, while scaling transactions per second... There are real trade offs that have to be understood here.
1. Does changing core code or side chain alternatives centralize more?
2. What is the point of bitcoin currently, and perhaps the future?
3. What are the risk/reward scenarios of either?
One is quite simple:
  By definition changing the core code forces everyone onto a branch, that side chains do not.
I am not stating that side chains do not centralize {I am not all that happy with Segwit personally... in any form...}
The question is which centralizes more? One forces everyone to accept a path while the other allows multiple side chain projects to attempt, while not perfect {there is never perfect information anywhere in the world} they allow other solutions to occur while a hard fork does not. A hard fork by definition restricts possibilities, while a soft fork does not. 
{A soft fork may suck, others can pop up without core code needing a change and without introducing the possibilities for more bugs/exploits. A hard fork requires everyone to narrow the possibilities by design to accept what the core code is with its possible flaws/vulnerabilities without the ability to just pick a new one as easy... you are the one that said changing the core code is hard, what if things went horribly wrong? A side chain is easier to change, the core is not. Not even including the financial costs... which are extreme.} 


Honestly you put this to me so I will just simply push it back to you on your point...


The difference being one side allows more possibilities while one does not allow as many... A hard fork {forces} everyone to accept where things are, soft forks do not inherently (I am not saying soft forks are perfect, but that they require less scrutiny than hard forks do to the risk/reward dichotomy) Allowing more possibilities because they do not {force} everyone onto a defined path (centralization).
  Two:
You seem to say that the point of bitcoin is micro-transactions or nothing, while to be quite honest bitcoin is the big player in the game. You have brought up users and adoption, bitcoin is the undisputed leader even during this time of strife in bringing users and adoption of crypto-currency to the fore-front.
So far Bitcoin is currently the "Gold" of crypto money, micro-transactions do not make sense in gold (fiat) today... Does not mean it does not significantly influence currency itself. We all agree that if bitcoin could be the best pie of both worlds it would be great... At the current moment bitcoin is meant to be the digital gold to crypto-currency, of course we all want more. To be honest, let the other minor currencies {that do not have nearly the invention behind them} play the micro-transaction market... oh wait they don't? 
They don't because we are early here, and bitcoin is what is driving adoption, which requires stability, which requires changing the core code as little as possible. If an alt-coin proves a concept is worth it {Segwit on Litecoin} then adopt what has been proven by others, bitcoin is not the coin to attempt dangerously new code on. Segwit2x is literally still working on their code and we want to trust them before they have even done a real test? (production)
At least Segwit has been production tested...
  Third:
The risk/reward scenarios of either have been brought up countless times here, a hard fork is putting risk above reward, while a soft fork is putting security(reward) above risk.
We have to decide, the real point is, by definition changing core code is risky. The risk may be worth it in some minds however since bitcoin's status is the consistent crypto in the market it would be silly to start playing fast and loose...
Let other coins be the {test-grounds} and if it is proven there take it over (literally Segwit [not 2x]).
I agree I want bitcoin to be micro-transactions too, it really is a store of value currently. Other coins can be micro transactions. More importantly other coins even if they fill that role do not protect themselves from just an off-chain bitcoin only micro-transaction process which implies they are really not a new invention but just riding on the progress bitcoin has put forward, maybe one of them will become the micrio-transaction to bitcoin's value store...
I doubt it by the time that happens an off chain bitcoin only solution will devour "this" alt coin.
To re-iterate gold or silver do not account for even 1% of micro-transactions in fiat currencies... While we all may wish they did, they don't and can't {honestly}.
We are not looking for perfect while ruining what makes bitcoin indisputably the greatest invention in recent monetary history. Literally with transaction fees {about the cost of an atm} ability to transfer money across all borders, no matter the amount, without "government" or "consensus" approval. 
Separation of state and money is the next step, lets not destroy the concept with arguments of needing perfect or none. Especially when {perfect or none} can put it back into the hands that it was meant to keep it away from (government/mob) rule.
