@_author: helpmepleasebtc
@_date: 2014-11-29 20:44:28
Hey guys,
I have been trying to figure out how to accept Bitcoin for my website that doesn't require Bitpay. I was hoping for a service like  I tried coindirect.io which looks kind of similar but don't want to use them because they offer no support.
Shoplocket lets me sell physical or digital products. I can sell 1 or 100 with their starter plan for 2.5% per transaction as well as PayPal or Stripe fees. Stripe said they are integrating Bitcoin payments ( but so far they haven't delivered (been waiting for months).
Shoplocket allows a person to post a product(s), pictures, product options (size, color etc.), configure tax and shipping options, take pre-orders etc. After you have input that information it takes it and creates a widget for your product that you can embed on any blog/website. It is great when you don't have a lot of product/don't want a monthly overhead because you can just copy the code for your widget and embed it anywhere. When you create multiple products and embed them on the same page it automatically integrates a cart so customers don't have to buy each product individually. Shoplocket also offers a Pro account for $99 a month for bigger merchants. (Here is a youtube video on how Shoplocket works 
I like Shoplocket because it allows me to create a a fully operational store without any monthly overhead of a Shopify or the need for a shopping cart plug in. I only pay when I sell something, which is great when you are just starting off.
I am looking for a Bitcoin version of this for my website until Stripe actually delivers. I know basic coding and was wondering if I can just create ShopLocket type widgets for my products using a Coinbase Button (coinbase doesn't let you create product options like size, color etc. on checkout). If a Bitcoin shopping widget like this is possible then I wouldn't have to pay any transaction fees to Shoplocket and can create an entire store without a monthly overhead.
Someone please help! I know something like this is possible with Bitcoin just lead me in the right direction. I can already create an online store without any monthly overhead using Shoplocket, i just need to get rid of transaction fees. Thanks.