@_author: helpmeplease10101010
@_date: 2016-08-05 13:47:20
Yeah I gotta say it pretty much sucks that all users whether BTC or not would take an equal % haircut , but it makes sense to do it this way and at least it sucks the same for everybody. If any one party gets a greater % than the other , the party getting less can try to file legal suit to achieve socialized losses with all assets. It would essentially place fault with bitfinex as the affected financial entity , and gives everyone the same result as what bankruptcy liquidation would result in anyway - with the added bonus that no litigation is necessary and thus better since no legal fees , and bitfinex can pay back all users over time or immediately with some type of coin/bond/share. 
Basic game theory. Like a warped sort of one way prisoner's dilemma. If any parties get less than the others , they'll try legal route to get socialized losses for all. So it's best to just give everyone that result now , and avoid suits that would result in this outcome anyway -legal costs and time.
That said , if the split is close enough , and intent is to repay losses , then awesome - sucks , but good enough and I'd rather have that than bankruptcy limbo. 100% for some , 80-90% for others I for one would be willing to live with and calculate that it's worth it to get that instead of potentially 85%-95% years from now -legal fees. If it's 100% for some , 20-50% for others ... well then obviously those people would be filing against bitfinex for insolvency and seeking the preferable socialized losses for all outcome.
@_date: 2016-08-04 10:08:59
Just want to say first off that I have apparently been affected by this hack , to the tune of 30BTC , as near as I can tell from looking at the deposit address I had with bitfinex. And basically I want to affirm my intent to join whatever legal action will prevent bitfinex from allowing withdrawals , or resuming operations , at my expense. I would be in favor of having socialized losses from all funds , or from remaining btc funds , with the intent to repay or compensate these losses - it is NOT ok for them to say this group gets 100% this other group gets 100% and this other group gets 0% - the 0% group will sue them into bankruptcy for failure to remain solvent and be able to cover owed deposits and the losses will be socialized between everyone anyway - it will just take years instead of days/weeks/months. Sorry to anyone who was not directly affected , but to me , the only way forward without shutting down shop is to say all groups or at least everyone with btc get something less than 100% by socializing losses , and intend to repay over time. It's that , or legal action resulting in a similar outcome just taking years of extra time and giving no possibility of everyone being made whole.
@_date: 2016-08-02 21:49:37
Ok ... so ... that's some relief there to hear that a zero deposit address on block explorer does **NOT** mean we have necessarily been affected ... but then ... is there any way for people to check the current status of their individual accounts ?
@_date: 2016-08-04 02:53:55
OK if this is true that Bitfinex has perhaps a million+ BTC from which the 120K was stolen , then the resolution that makes the most sense to me is - haircut for all BTC wallets in the % lost , which would be something like 10%ish and repay everyone over time , while leaving all fiat and other digital currencies alone - this is by far the fairest and simplest way of handling this for everyone , it leaves everyone who had no BTC at all not fucked and with access to 100% of their funds and anyone who had any amount of BTC only a little bit fucked for now and gives them access to like 90%+ of the funds they should have , and the repayment of the fucked portion can take place over time. DONE - RESUME OPERATION
@_date: 2016-08-02 21:25:04
So uh ... we can basically check if we've been robbed or not by checking block explorer yes? And just plugging in our deposit address we have for bitfinex ? And seeing if it's got a zero balance with a recent transaction out we didn't make ? So for me it's this - 
And uh ... yeah ... can someone confirm yes or no that this is indicating I have been robbed ?
Also ... how is it possible for this to happen when I've got two-factor authentication requiring I be *texted a code* to release any funds ?
And uh ... follow up question ... will I (and everyone here affected) be made whole by bitfinex ? Will you be compensating user's losses ? Or should I go ahead and find the nearest tall bridge to jump from ?
@_date: 2016-08-04 00:19:18
Just to add my 2cents on what I'd like to see happen ... what I think most everyone ideally would like to see here is some type of plan / re-structuring wherein all users on bitfinex , whether "directly affected" or not , are made whole in some length of time. 
Any type of resolution that is closing of bitfinex / bankruptcy / liquidation proceedings will not result in this outcome - this would seem to necessarily result in being legally obligated to socialize losses across all users with the remaining non-BTC funds - guarantee this takes years and leaves everyone with pennies on the dollar - we as end users I would think would generally be not in favor of such a result. 
So ... what we'd want then is some type of resolution that does NOT involve closing bitfinex / bankruptcy / liquidation , as these would be the only sorts of resolution that all users on the exchange can be made whole again. IF there is such a resolution that is even a legal option , I think we should go with that - whether or not losses are socialized. IF this can legally be done , I would prefer in order either A. socialize the losses and implement some process of paying back losses to all users on the exchange incrementally over time , regardless of how long this may take. B. do not socialize the losses and implement some process of paying back losses to "directly affected" users on the exchange incrementally over time , regardless of how long this may take. C. either do or do not socialize the losses , and issue shares of equity in bitfinex or some type of BTC-redeemable IOU (either of which could be traded) to compensate either the "directly affected" users or all users , depending on whether losses will be shared by all users on the platform. 
Basically , I think what I would generally prefer is some resolution wherein bitfinex does not close up shop and compensates people in some fashion over some length of time , regardless of exactly how this is ultimately handled - this would have the benefit of giving some people access to some or all of their funds NOW instead of years from now , depending on exactly how the "directly affected" / unaffected accounts thing is decided on. And this would have the benefit of ultimately being able to make all users whole , over some time scale. And this would have the benefit of giving bitfinex some path forward on resuming operations and continuing on with the existence of their business , as opposed to shutting down - obviously this has to be what they would prefer it's got to be preferable to remain operational as opposed to shutting down and liquidating everything.
Additionally , if there is ANY possibility of having the BitGo insurance pay out , and it seems to me like this should be a real possibility , obviously that needs to happen.
So really the question that comes to mind for me is - do we have a legal option to resolve this and make it right other than closing of bitfinex / bankruptcy / liquidation ? If so , do that please. 
@_date: 2016-08-04 10:57:36
It would seem to me , that Bitfinex is either solvent and able to cover all depositors funds or they are insolvent and not able to do so. 
If they are solvent , this means they are able to repay all depositors in full and we're all good - they can just cover the hacked losses. 
If they are not solvent , then they're going to be forced to go through bankruptcy liquidation proceedings , and it's socialized losses minus legal expenses for everyone from the remaining pool of all funds years from now. 
The option to socialize losses now with the intent of repayment in full , in the event of insolvency , would be a preferable outcome to liquidation bankruptcy proceedings that would result in socialized losses anyhow , just taking years longer , resulting in less funds for everyone due to legal expenses , and leaving no possibility of remaining operational and eventual repayment of everyone - the question is , would this preferable outcome in the event of insolvency be legal or would the only legal option be liquidation proceedings?