@_author: helshowk
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:58:43
Fair enough, in the long run the liquidity and credibility of large exchanges will make a huge difference supporting bitcoins in the real economy.  In the worst case even if  monitoring and centralization harms aspects of bitcoins, mining should cap the money supply so that governments can no longer directly impact the value of your money.
@_date: 2015-01-26 19:00:23
Although the limits are increasing and generally quite high, there are daily/weekly limits.  Your point is well taken though.  Participation with the exchange isn't mandatory but aren't all btc exchanges now required to have a license?  That license can also be easily taken away and I guess my concern with how all of this is playing out is that the decentralization in theory (i.e. blockchain) will become de facto centralized as the only ability to convert in and out of BCs will be through coinbase and other massive, government backed exchanges.  You and I can buy and sell stocks between ourselves if we want to.  We can also exchange currencies or buy and sell anything but nobody does.  I realize bitcoins are different in many ways but my point is that just being able to do something doesn't mean people will do it.  It'll be simpler to just buy/sell at regulated exchanges.  The fact that coinbase is also the party you're buying/selling from (i.e. it isn't matching buyers/sellers but acting as an intermediary instead) means there's now a complete and detailed record of all transactions in a central location and directly linked to your information (level 1 and 2 verification procedures at coinbase).  I'm not an alarmist or a conspiracy theorist and like I said above, I don't understand the intricacies of how bitcoins operate in the wild but looking at the long list of institutional money backers for coinbase plus the massive publicity I think the cost of legitimizing the bitcoin economy may be quite high in terms of it's intangible value as a money system away from and outside government purview.