@_author: hemelsedauw
@_date: 2016-01-13 05:29:07
The legitimacy of tax collectors is only partially false. Some if it is legitimate. If there is absolutely no way to avoid their taxes by re-structuring your transactions, then the tax is legitimate. In all other cases, the ball is in your court to make sure that you re-structure your transactions in order to avoid or sidestep associated taxes. No one else can do that for you.
Everybody pays some tax. That could indeed only be less than 1% of what you are paying, but the responsibility to put in effort to avoid these taxes is ultimately also entirely yours.
The false belief is that people should *desire* to pay tax. This is totally wrong. People should follow their instincts and *desire* not to pay any tax at all. This will usually turn out not to be possible. But then again, if you manage to pay *very little tax*, you should already feel satisfied with your efforts, no?
@_date: 2016-01-13 03:24:17
In general, it is the false belief in the legitimacy of man-made law that fuels the problem. Since most people in the West believe in it, they fully deserve whatever financial, economic, or other disaster that is coming at them. If you do not believe in false legitimacies, however, you are pretty much automatically immune to the problem.
@_date: 2016-01-13 10:57:30


Not really. Becoming more invasive does not help to increase taxes.


All you have to do, is to wait for people, way more fanatical than yourself, to start pronouncing their hatred for man-made law, and start waving the black banner of the jihad. You do not even need to believe in their religion, while you can still benefit yourself from the fact that they are blowing the tyrant's legs off.


It perfectly well works at the individual level too. You see, I no longer live in Europe, for example. If I did, I would certainly live in the middle of a so-called "no-go" zone. The government does not dare to venture there. The police gets their legs blown off. They have to go in with armoured hummers, several platoons at a time and hope to get out alive. Often they don't. So, there's no point in trying to collect taxes there either. The whole of Iraq is like that nowadays. The US left a complete country behind as a no-go zone.
At the same time, I am perfectly safe in that kind of areas. All I need to do, is to dress a bit more traditionally and make sure to grow a beard.
So, yes, you can solve the problem by living in a hornets' nest, as long as the hornets are not interested in stinging you. These hornets slaughter the government but pay no attention whatsoever to me. I love hornets!
@_date: 2016-01-13 11:19:29


I agree that these hornets are sometimes unmanageable. For example, they should never target unarmed civilians, but only government officers who use force themselves. They do sometimes target unarmed civilians. So, then I also disapprove of them.


Yes, kind of.


It certainly used to be a hornet's nest, but it is increasingly getting less so, unfortunately. The taxes have still not come back, but if these people keep going in the direction they are going, they will. So, I am a bit worried about that.


Avoid causing damage to anybody. If you do anyway, negotiate a compensation. That will teach you ;-)


Yes. I really like the local ruler. He is totally hands-off.


Yes. I have never made more money than now. Furthermore, the locals are also making increasingly more money. That is not always in my favour (some things become more expensive because of that), but in general I like it, because you see less misery. 75% of the population used to live below the poverty line. Nowaydays only 25%, which is still much, but I guess some of it is unavoidable.


No. I have lots of savings. I make a very decent amount of money too. I make way more than back in Europe, actually. So, I perfectly am fine.
@_date: 2016-01-13 05:12:10
Seriously, you are protected by the truth. The damage of false beliefs generally does not reach you, if you know that they are false.
For example, people used to believe that their online messages were private. Snowden pointed out that they were not. Now that many of these people know the truth, the potential damage of having their private conversations read by others will not reach them. Now they know that these conversations are not private. Therefore, they will not disclose any truly private information in them, and therefore, this private information will not get into the wrong hands either.
In other words, the knowledge that a belief is false, generally protects you from the damage that can be caused by its falsehood.