@_author: hemto
@_date: 2018-09-09 05:44:40
There is plenty difference between being a financial nanny and providing your uninformed audience with enough warnings and a healthy dose of skepticism. I'm not out to tell you how exactly you should fix that but I believe the current state of this subreddit results and has resulted in more people making more bad decisions. That'd weigh heavy on my conscience if I were in your position.
@_date: 2018-09-09 04:20:56
I understand that you were overwhelmed and reckless advice is the norm in cryptocurrency forums but I guess I'm holding you to a higher standard given how many people this subreddit can reach compared to other forums.
Hardcore bitcoiners might not treat BTC like a get rich quick scheme but that is the image this subreddit tends to project to newcomers (especially during times like late 2017) without adequate warnings and alternative points of view and I don't think that's acceptable whether intentional or not.
I did not lose any money due to cryptocurrencies but I don't have to to think this subreddit was incredibly irresponsible with its influence.
@_date: 2018-09-09 03:43:20
I think your responsibility goes beyond that given how much attention this subreddit can receive and has received, e.g. during december 2017.
Considering that the average redditor is probably pretty financially illiterate this sub owes them a fair share of warnings and a more neutral point of view. You're (AFAIK) not required to do this by any measure but it's simply dishonest to not do it when you stand to gain from more people buying into the asset you're promoting.
This sub, its design and users (either due to moderation or reddit's echo chamber tendencies), never properly reflected the amount of risk associated with investing in bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-09 01:07:01
The moderators of this sub should probably be held accountable for the huge amount of disinformation that they've helped spread.
Any investing advice should come with a huge asterisk and a warning but they come with conspiracy theories and ignorance here.
@_date: 2018-09-06 17:05:16
Sorry to interrupt the circlejerk but Venezuela's situation does not stem from central banks or fiat money but from their insane and corrupt leadership.
By reducing this crisis to suit your own narrative you're disrespecting the suffering of the Venezuelan people.
@_date: 2018-09-09 04:56:32
That's for you to decide. Posting basic financial advice and some permanent warnings seem like a good starting point.
I can assure you that your audience (majority of which are lurkers) is less financially literate than you seem to think. Your advice of always being responsible is lost on a good portion of them. They get way too much enthusiasm and not enough skepticism here so fail to properly ascertain the risks involved.
@_date: 2018-06-16 14:45:52
Nevermind that the sponges are an open source protocol with no real scarcity and will never, ever become a widely used currency simply due to being deflationary and the irreversible of their transactions.
**JUST BUY THE FUCKING SPONGES KID WE NEED TO GET TO 20K AGAIN!!!!!!!**
I normally try not to get so upset at dumb stuff people post here but how about you don't shill these ultra volatile ""investments"" to kids you fucking piece of shit.