@_author: henrikoshi
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:21:34
Good choice Matt. Voorhees is excellent at explaining complex topics well.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:08:08
This is not about regulation.
Theft is already illegal. We don't need more 'regulation' to make theft illegal.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:09:03
Regulation. Words inscribed on paper and enforced by men with guns. That doesn't stop anything from happening in the first place.
No. The long term solutions will be technical solutions. Things like provable accounting such as Gmaxwell has proposed and similar that CoinKite has already implemented. Or even Coin Pools like Chris Odom has proposed and is working on for Open Transactions, in which a business could not steal a user's funds even if they wanted to.
Or read my longer comment along the same vein: 
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:18:22
Or maybe he closing it because Cryptsy's accounting of his balance was off by 220,000. That's a pretty good indicator that something isn't right in their system.
To add to this: Cryptsy's API will even contain orders with a quantity of 0! But somehow these orders have a price and exist in the order book data given via the API. Also, many orders don't even have accurate totals when multiplying price * quantity. Sometimes they are accurate, sometimes they are close but not quite, sometimes they are way off.
As Warren Buffet said, when you see one cockroach, usually it's not the only one. So if there are one or two significant problems, beware.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:43:44
Again, theft is already illegal. It can and should be pursued after the fact like the theft of any other property. We already agree on that.
Our existing laws against theft already cover Bitcoin. We don't need a shiny new law against the theft of Bitcoin any more than we need a law against the theft of pencils, and a different law against the theft of automobiles and a different law against the theft of kitchen blenders. Instead, we have laws against theft of a person's property which includes any personal property like Bitcoin. Stealing/theft is already illegal. So *after* the fact is already taken care of: Law enforcement already has authorization to pursue theft after it has occurred.
So then let's consider *before* the theft event occurs. How can it be prevented?
And my entire point is that regulation, just like laws, cannot prevent a theft from occurring *before hand*. But technical innovations actually can! (I've already described them above, so I won't again.)
Worse still, what regulations actually do consistently is to raise costs and barriers to entry for aspiring entrepreneurs, preventing individuals from even trying in many cases, benefiting incumbents, and frequently limiting opportunity to only monied individuals (MSB regulations ringing a bell?). So if you care about equal opportunity, please do not call for something, these vague 'regulations', that are ineffective at their purported goal of preventing crime before hand and that also come with damaging unintended consequences. 
If you are looking at preventing theft, then you need to looking toward technical solutions. 
Regulations are not the solution here. In Bitcoin, we have better means by which to address these problems when you are concerned about prevent theft before hand, and those are technical solutions.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:47:13
Also  we don't need more regulations inscribed on paper and enforced by men with guns. All that does is add red tape, raise barriers to entry for individuals who want to try to innovate, and raise costs for everyone.
What we need and will benefit from are more Bitcoin start-ups using provable accounting, like GMaxwell has proposed and similar strategies like CoinKite has already implemented. Or even coin pools like Chris at Open Transactions has suggested and is building for his own system, where a business could not steal a user's funds even if they wanted to.
These are technical innovations that provide a long term solution, not just reaction of the weak individuals in this community who call for 'regulations' because they want someone else to take responsibility for them. No, technical solutions are the long term solutions.
All these innovations in my 2nd paragraph are already happening. The market is already responding to this. Soon businesses will use provable account as a competitive differentiation (like CoinKite). People will then chose to use those businesses that prove their solvency and honest accounting or that for technical reasons (like coin pools) couldn't streal the funds even if they wanted to. Long term these innovations will become a defacto standard on their own without regulation because consumers will only trust businesses that prove their solvency and integrity and will be suspect of those who are unwilling to prove their solvency.
It will be solved in time. Keep calm and be patient. Of if you have the technical skills, help make it happen!
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:28:59
Voorhees is not defending Gox with this statement at all. He's making a statement about Bitcoin's future to help people keep things in perspective to realize that Gox's failure does not equate to the future failure of Bitcoin.