@_author: henrikkarlstrom
@_date: 2014-01-31 19:00:53
That's a valid objection, it's maybe a bit inaccurate. I guess I would say that libertarians view any violently monopolistic institution as dysfunctional, but it's true that Bitcoin targets central banks specifically. As I state in the paper, there have already been attempts at setting up things like Bitcoin banks, and I don't think that violates any libertarian tenets in itself.
@_date: 2014-01-31 19:31:35
True, it's not in the whitepaper. Satoshi did post comments to the effect that this was one part in undermining states' coercive monopolies (in the case of Bitcoin, mostly related to controlling the money supply and the possibilities for taxation), and others of the early Bitcoin adopters were pretty vocal about their libertarian/right-anarchist leanings. But yeah, the currency itself isn't anarchist *per se*.
@_date: 2014-01-31 16:56:46
Thanks! This is not for a course, but a stand-alone, peer-reviewed social science article. But I will be using it in my teaching on the sociology of markets later this year.
@_date: 2014-01-31 19:20:01
I definitely think that one of the lasting effects of Bitcoin will be in the e-commerce sector, since it's in the implementation of the protocol that the biggest innovation lies. Still, there are some kinks to iron out, especially on micro-transactions.
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:50:58
We've been interested for a while now, things just take a looong time in academic publishing. I wrote the first version of this paper more than a year ago.
Re: typo - yeah, because of copyright issues I can only make public the last draft of a paper before it is proofread (that's the "value added" from the publisher), and if I remember correctly there were about thirty minor typos in the last round. I usually try to publish Open Access, but it's not always feasible.
Oh, and thanks for that link!
@_date: 2014-02-01 14:10:02
Ah, now we're getting into some interesting territory. It's true, I'm arguing that material and institutional issues can never be removed from a phenomenon without losing important parts of the picture. This might seem obvious (or even tautological, if you want), but part of the point is that both mainstream economics and my own field, economic sociology, tend to treat the economy in a very abstract way, composed of parts that can be expressed through a set of parts of an equation or as agents in some sort of rational game. This way of representing the economy can be very powerful, since it allows you to operate on the various parts through some neat statistical methods and also to setup quasi-experiments that can teach us something about what happens when you change factors in the economy.
It also removes the way in which people make sense of economic institutions from the picture. For most economists it's simply not interesting, and it tends to mess with their models. But the economy is not just a technical issue - as in, how can we design an optimally efficient economy - it's also a question of political priorities about who gains and who loses. This again is tied pretty intimately to the type of institutions and material configurations that exist and your relation to them. So this part is an argument in a long discussion between subfields of social science.
What's this got to do with Bitcoin? Well, I think my claim is that the currency is set up on a premise that is slightly too abstract, i.e. it's too similar to the ideal models of classical economics. For example, it is designed as an explicitly trustless system, and implements some pretty nifty technical solutions to do this. For a lot of early adopters who are fascinated by new technology this is fine, or even a part of the pull of the currency. But I think that most people actually prefer to trust someone to hold their money in stead of having to guard their money in cold storage somewhere, to take an example. A centralizing institution that requires trust is something most people actually tend to welcome.
So anyway, that's a short explanation for some of my choices in this paper. I agree that it would be interesting to make an analysis of the shifts in power that happens once Bitcoin becomes more widely adopted. As we say in the business: "further research is needed!"
@_date: 2014-01-31 18:16:55
You're right in a sense. The main point of the article isn't about a new analysis of Bitcoin, but about how the material embeddedness concept is useful for analysing markets. Bitcoin is an intruiging case study that helps me make that point.
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:18:43
That's a very good point about the software code - I think it's actually the most impressive part of Bitcoin. In the section you mention I'm leaning on Nick Szabo (and u/gwern), who makes the point that the cryptographic features of Bitcoin was already floating around. Of course, no one had put it together in the way Satoshi had, so I'm not trying to diminish his/her accomplishment.