@_author: hephaestusness
@_date: 2014-02-03 04:21:44
Yeah, i imagine re-purposing all those useless wall marts and other big box stores. Individuals might just have the solar power and personal aquaponics, and maybe light manufacturing if they are a creative type. Others might just opt to share one big one in the big box stores. You would also find the materials processing and heavier manufacturing there. All of this model would be based on the tings that can be made with abundant resources, such as organic compounds. As the cost of manufacture of these types of items drops to nearly free, i imagine a spurt of technology utilizing carbons fantastic potential much more then we do in the current economy. 
Many parts of today's economy might still exist, markets for truly scarce things, and heavy industry for big projects like trans national transit or space exploration. I do, however, think those elements will be much smaller then they are today. 
@_date: 2014-02-03 00:34:09
And while we are at it, I am a roboticist and founder of the Worcester hackerspace Technocopia, AMA!
@_date: 2014-02-03 03:59:47
I could not agree more. 
The way we see to get there is through open source manufacturing. If the design files for all the machines are freely available, and with just a simple bootstrap set that nearly anyone can get access to through a makerspace, anyone and everyone should be able to build tier very own means of production. In this way you do not even need the "public" to "own" the machines since they can make copies of themselves at little to no non abundant cost. If a group of people decide to build and share one, like a municipality, great. Technology like this will take some experimentation for people to come to terms with abundant manufacturing. 
In any case, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. I hope you can help by donating or contributing directly on github!
@_date: 2014-02-03 00:53:02
We are developing a set of direct digital manufacturing machines, the feed-in and feed-out systems, as well as the inventory management system for a micro robotic factory. The plan is for the development of digital file to manufactured, kitted up outputs with no human intervention. 3d Printers, CNC machine tools, circuit makers and PCB assembly, and Direct digital burn out metals casting, all integrated together as a single pipeline. As we progress we will be adding the materials processing streams up to and including vertically farmed bio materials such as PLA, fiber board, Graphene electronics and various carbon fiber systems. We see an ultimate goal is for the whole system to be able to produce 100% of its own components. 
My first business was in robot control systems, and now we are using that framework to build a complete open source manufacturing system. We hope to use it to lower the barrier of entry for getting low volume manufactured goods made.  By making the entire system open source, we see a future of relative abundance for all. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:51:40
I am one of the owners of Neuron Robotics and can answer your questions about my platform. 
I think that if we want to bolster the bitcoin economy, we need to spend much more time transacting the coins for goods and services, not whining about its commodity value. I have partners/suppliers/employees that want to be paid in bitcoin, so any sales will go into actual circulation. These people will then spend their coins back into other goods and services. 
Bitcoin will fail if we all treat it like a commodity rather than a currency!
@_date: 2013-04-04 12:58:16
Hi, I am a would-be vender that has tried to get some advice on the best way to accept BitCoin. I was all set to use a MtGox button, but the lag and complaints from this reddit have made me second guess myself. I like the one button purchase idea, what is the best way to do it?
[The DyIO Robot Controller]( I want to sell for bitcoin.
[Verify that is my site](
[Original Post](
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:12:32
Well, since you guys asked, I have a project that I am trying to get help funding. It is called [The Technocopia Plan] ( We are trying to set up a development house in an old mill building in Worcester MA and attempting to build an entirely open source, vertically integrated, manufacturing system built for the internet generation. We plan to build machines one by one, each designed to add new manufacturing capabilities, with the end goal of having a system that produces abundance at zero cost, just consuming CO2 and sunlight out of the air. I would be happy to go into detail on the business and technical aspects of this as you folks are interested. 
I am looking for donations to get off the ground, buying the bootstrapping machines, paying rent (I am working out a deal with the landlord to pay in bitcoin for rent+utilities), and buying the seed materials. We will also be opening our facility to the local communities as a "pay-what-you-can" makerspace. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:49:38


[Working On it...]( I hope to get some support for building out the prototype of the Technosopia Abundance Machine.
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:38:48
I can not wait until we get to the point when we can buy our building. I have a lot of plans for how we would redesign it to better suit our needs. In the meantime, however, we have to interface with the market economy as it exists. I hope to have the funds set aside when the housing bubble v2 crashes and I can pick up property for a reasonable amount. 
@_date: 2013-06-21 12:21:22
Well, as opposed to toy robots. 
@_date: 2013-06-21 12:21:54
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:15:51
We collaborate with them when there is overlap, such as with the plastics synthesis. The major difference is that we are not looking backwards to field farming and mineral based economies. We are focused on only designing and developing carbon based materials, such as plastic, natural fibers and woods, resin boards, carbon fibre, and graphene and CNT's for electronics. 
The main difference between Technocopia is the materials stream and land requirements. OSE is focused on open designs of traditional farming machines, a commendable goal, but subtly different in implementation. OSE requires a large and fertile piece of land, Technocopia can exist inside the worlds skyscrapers by having closed nutrient, high density stackable farming. OSE needs a metals refinery and all the high temp tools to work with it. Technocopia uses biomass and plants as our chemical factories. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:49:51
Kickstartering the down-payment is a really good idea! We are planning on Kickstartering the first set of machines using our control system in the fall, after that, we can do another one for the downpayment on the property. The current owner is at least interested in bitcoin exchanges, so you never know where that might lead. 
Alternately, we can try to get donations for the  down payment through bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-06-21 01:21:16
*Shameless plug* I sell robots (real robots) for bitcoin. Beginners kits and advanced development tools. All open-source and available for bitcoin:
[Neuron Robotics Deveoloment Kit](