@_author: her_royal_highness
@_date: 2013-06-12 23:20:37
scam accusations aside, this is the biggest story in bitcoin in the last 24 hours bar none.  easily a million dollars not processed.   at the very least several hundred thousand missing many from unverified users attempting to maintain anonymity.  no communication from bitinstant until a couple of hours ago and some of the vaguest answers i've seen in a long time.  
@_date: 2013-06-12 03:52:29
to top it off, i took advantage of the increased limits and i've been waiting since 4pm cst.  however, one did go through. i processed 2 to mt gox, and 1 directly to a wallet.  wallet did come through in normal processing time.. the two mt gox have not been processed. 
they claim up to date communication via twitter for this exact type of situation as of last week, yet we hear nothing?  it's got to be million or so bucks at least riding this wait... and it is the day of their site relaunch, so its not like they are not at the fucking office right this second. 
more disappointed with the communication.  i know they'll work it out.  i see my transactions on the site.  but given recent events with bitinstant they blew it, but for the wrong reasons.  
all we need is assurances, not a complete diagnosis.  address issue, or let not addressing the issue become the issue.
@_date: 2013-06-14 14:56:44
after 3 days, sadly, i guess we must.  
@_date: 2013-06-13 03:52:09
whoever is trying to be the PR voice of bitinstant on this thread, you aren't getting it. still.
if you  are gonna show up.  don't show up with an apology for something most of us don't want an apology for.  we know shit happens.  many of us deal with software, we get it.  but WHEN it happens, we expect you deliver tweets/reddit posts/your blog/facebook..... all of which you have.   whatever..... that you are UNSURE what is going on, but you will update soon as you can.  
that way some of us don't have stay up all night pissed off, like you are having to work through the night ( i assume) on launch day of your website.  instead you saw the shitstorm of emails on your site.  you saw the shit ton of alarms going offi in feeds and forums from Silk Road to Bitcointalk.
you claimed you would have real time updates via twitter a couple weeks ago on your blog.  you know, YOUR LAST BLOG ENTRY.   i'm not saying you are anything more than some guys trying to make the world better.
we don't need you to predict  every outage, but fucking acknowledge them brothers. you still have not acknowledged what the actual problem is.  and in case you didn't know it, some of the yocals you get emails from my not be that bright....   they tend to be so on reddit so shame on you for the patronizing explanations that say nothing.
@_date: 2013-06-13 19:06:00
i await resolution.  $1000 for me.  $1000 for my friend.  almost 72 hours now.   i've opened a support ticket.  you've responded.  i'm registered on the site.  what else do you need?