@_author: herb3
@_date: 2012-01-22 00:36:19
Bitcoins could provide a means of valuating economic actions other than USD. Therefore keeping massive corporations from sucking value from local economies. (Since the massive corporations generally and probably won't ever take them) In theory it would be easier to get small businesses to take bitcoins for transactions and even pay them out for certain services. Some local barter currencies have thrived and helped communities to thrive even when there is a lack of USD(Cash) in the local economy (There are local currencies based on silver, gold, hours of labor, etc.). The Bitcoins would provide a suppliment to normal cash transactions, and provide a store of wealth outside of the international financial/currency markets, and free up USD for purchasing goods and services that aren't produced in the local economy.  In the past when local economies were short on official cash or specie (gold/silver) they would trade other commodities or localalized currencies as a suppliment.  
@_date: 2012-01-22 20:08:31
I used the term barter generically to refer to a transaction that doesn't use a govt. currency.  My apologies for not clarifying.  Trading silver or copper tokens is usually considered "barter" and in my mind it's not technically any different from a cash transaction.  I'm sure there are people who would dispute me on this, I'm not trying to argue a particular position just clarifying what I meant by the first post.  
@_date: 2012-01-21 22:57:49
I would argue that this is one of the benefits of bitcoin rather than a drawback. Bitcoin could potentially provide a store of value for local transactions and encourage people to use smaller, locally owned businesses or even facilitate barter.  The fact that the bitcoins don't get drained from communities by power companies or huge corporations could be viewed as a benefit. I think the term complimentary currency would be more appropriate than "hobbyist."  Although there is a chance they won't reach any truly widespread popularity, I do think that's unfortunate. 
@_date: 2012-01-22 20:10:02
I agree Bitcoin is unfortunately still somewhat unusable in this role, but it is possible that it could gain acceptance alongside local currencies at some point.  Is your local currency paper or metals based?  I'm curious, I wish we had something around here like that but as far as I know we do not.  