@_author: herbw
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:30:55
Most of us who've watched the markets and much of stock market history are somewhat concerned about this new currency.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:29:36
Sorry, trying to create more currency stability was and has Been one fo the major interests in bit coin. Now it's being shown to be just as liable to booms and busts as other commodities and currencies.
Perhaps there's a way around this, but time will tell. Am not giving up on bitcoin, simply pointing out these unpleasant facts.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:29:02
As have stated before, the problem of a stable currency is real and serious issue. had hoped the bitcoin would avoid this major problem of currencies from a bubble kind of market situation. But am very much afraid it can't. time will tell and am Always interested in such economic experiments, for what they can teach us, good or not so good.
Am still from Missouri, but respect the abilities of others to improvise and create new methods, some of which will turn out to be very, very good. There might be a way to prevent such bubbles with bitcoin and if so, could make it better than most currencies, if the efficiency of creation can be increased, too.
But like most, will wait and see.
@_date: 2017-03-27 16:50:42
Please. Define "hard Forks".  When unusual phrases are used, a good writer gives an accurate, concise meaning to such terms for the readers.
@_date: 2017-03-16 17:55:58
The issue of bitcoins and monetary stability and efficiences are likely core issues here.
We use money instead of barter because money is a LOT more efficient than denominating everything by barter. There are huge advantages to using money.
Bitcoin has NO standards backing it, not gold, GDP, industrial output, nor anything tangible. That's the problem in a nutshell. Money is used because it's efficient and thus stabler than barter and other forms of exchange.
However, and this is the critical point very likely. How DO we maintain stability with currency/money of any kind? Even bitcoin?  It's hard to do, frankly. There's not enough gold or Pt to defend trillion dollar economies, either. The only thing conceivable would be bringing in a metals rich asteroid into NEO, say the L-4 or L-5 point where it'd be stable if not too large. It's be worth far, far more than the entire earth, in fact. THAT could be used to create financial stability for a while. That was why in our tiny economies 150 years ago, gold and Ag could be used, but not longer.
The issue is one of stability, that is efficiency. Bit coin is not efficient more so than current developed national money.
How do we create a stable currency on a space hab, is yet another issue highly relevant to this question? If in a space or lunar or Martian colony the money collapses due to this instability, what then happens to the colony? Can we afford that as it could kill the inhabitants? We don't yet have that kind of economic stability for money.
And these are deep, weighty and critical questions which need to be discussed, thought about and solved, as well.
Tho, it's likely the necessity will be the mother of invention, wi. regards to stable, habitat currencies, as well as national currencies. Bitcoin is interesting, but not more efficient, nor stable nor supportable by external commodities and real assets than our standard currencies.
That issue likely MUST be successfully solved by bitcoin if it is to become a major player in money.
@_date: 2017-04-03 19:18:55
Would be delighted to see bitcoin work, in some future form. But we need the demos in many cases, and sites, before that's clear.
My major question is how to we create a stable currency/notes of exchange in a lunar or space habitat? IF that can be solved, then the apps to the earth would be of considerable value. Stability of currency is a real problem. and ever more so in space.
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:31:42
Contact the COO and CEO and Chairman of the board.
Then email everyone else.
@_date: 2017-04-04 14:20:54
Not applied to national economies, or even large cities. This is lack of solid evidence that they can work that way. That's the way scientific testing works.
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:30:07
The problem of  bitcoin is that it's not efficient. There is no way bit coin can be created to support a national, trillions USD economy.
There are no guarantees that Bitcoin can be stable enough to supersede standard currencies, such as the yen, yuan, pound, or USD.
Until, &amp; only if those problems are solved, it will be local only and highly limited.
@_date: 2017-09-13 15:53:37
Unfortunately a "tu Quoque" argument is a logical fallacy and does NOT by itself disagree, logically with the CEO's statement.
Critical thinkin is essential to navigate thru the complexities of the Info Age and the blizzard of data on the Net.
Suggest, Dr. Jas. Lett's Ch. 3, "Critical Thinking" in the "100th Monkey..;."  Ed. by Kendrick Frazier, former Ed. in Chief, Sci. American, published by Prometheus Books.