@_author: herbstein
@_date: 2018-12-28 23:39:43


That is not what he was against though. He was against making trans people the Canadian equivalent of a protected class. Saying that is compelled speech is like saying that having to use "black" instead of "nigger" is compelled speech. 
@_date: 2018-12-29 21:56:51






I wouldn't say it's hard. Any reasonable person wouldn't cite accidental mis-gendering as harassment. The Canadian Bar Association has said as much. C-16 is about landlords not being able to discriminate trans people. It's about workplaces not discriminating. Accidental mis-gendering is pretty far down the list of considerations. Any case brought to the courts about accidental mis-gendering would be instantly shot down as non-starters. 
Now, repeated and deliberate mis-gendering is almost certainly covered by the bill. The difference to accidental mis-gendering is the "repeated and deliberate" part. 
I appreciate that you wrote a long comment, and it was well thought out, but I think you're missing the point. You don't go to jail for thinking a homosexual is heterosexual. But if you repeatedly  call/insinuated them hetero, even after being told to stop, you'd get in trouble. It's the same case with trans people. 
The protections for homosexual people (and all other people covered by LGBT+) are of the exact same nature. If you have an issue with the way trans people are included in the protections you should also be speaking out about the protections for sexuality, race, and age. Among others. Further, the exact wording of bill C-16 (or something legally equivalent) was already in the books of Jordan Peterson's home province. So he'd have had to follow the exact law for several years before speaking out against it. Bill C-16 simply made the law federal instead of at the province level. 
It's very telling to me that this outrage happened right as trans people got their rights, and that the conversation is only specifically about trans people. If the law is that badly written, why doesn't the outrage focus on the whole bill instead? Why not focus on the *way* the protections are implemented for all protected classes, instead of saying gender expression shouldn't be included on an equal footing to sexuality and race?