@_author: herbertwilliaams
@_date: 2019-04-23 01:00:59
I am sure they will use bitcoin eventually. Though I think they will be a bit concerned because BTC usage in a country where the government can become very controlling in the blink of an eye could put some people at unease. BTC will head to Cuba but so will alternatives, especially privacy coins like VEIL. It's a new privacy coin on Zerocoin Protocol but even VEIL basecoin tx are anonymous. New markets that pick up BTC are definitely going to seek privacy altcoins like VEIL.
@_date: 2019-04-23 00:52:55
BTC is unlikely to become the reserve currency of the world but it can become the de facto money of countries with dictators. We have seen this in Venezuela. We could also see it being used in countries with very corrupt governments like Turkey and Argentina. But I think in these countries people will also seek an alternative to BTC when they need to make a 100% untraceable tx. For such scenarios, they will most likely opt for something like VEIL coins.
@_date: 2019-04-23 01:16:09
This is good for us. Less miners means more decentralization. Bitcoin will eventually be free of mining farms hopefully. Miners make blockchains less decentralized and because of that, ASIC resistance is something new altcoins try to aim for. A privacy coin launched by Veil Labs uses the most advanced ASIC resistance technology to make sure miners like the one you have shown do not become a problem. Let's aim for a more decentralized future with no more mining farms.
@_date: 2019-04-23 00:58:13
Bitcoin is good but its transactions can be used to locate IP. So much can be done once the IP has been found. We often see in movies that the FBI track down a person's physical address with IP. That's not necessarily a problem because BTC is a good store of value and still a decentralized money. Those who want privacy can use privacy coins like the one issued by Veil Project, VEIL.
@_date: 2019-04-23 00:41:35
That's a problem with mining farms and that's why ASIC resistance is so important. A lot of new projects are looking into ASIC resistance because it makes cryptocurrencies as decentralized as possible. A recent development called Veil Project launched an ASIC resistant hybrid PoW/PoS privacy coin. As more projects launch ASIC resistant developments, we will be able to combat mining farms.
@_date: 2019-04-23 00:31:27
That's a good comparison but I think BTC should not be compared to gold. Think about it... no one spends gold! We want cryptocurrencies, all of them, to be spendable, and it would also be nice if we could have spendable privacy coins. When I say spendable, I mean privacy coins that are easy to spend. Zcoin spending is too difficult since it has to be done is multi-block transactions. A new privacy coin called Veil uses multiblock tx to make privacy coins easy to spend. We need more developments like so that cryptocurrencies are being spent by everyone rather than just being stored in banks, like gold.
@_date: 2019-04-23 01:11:28
Venezuela has adopted Dash just as much as BTC and the reason is clear. Its government is very dangerous and people do not want their transactions to ever be found. They may hold BTC and make payments with Dash. I think new privacy coins will be an even better opportunity for these people. VEIL is an example of a new privacy altcoin that would be adopted in countries with dangerous governments because it's based on Zerocoin Protocol and that gives VEIL transactions more privacy than even DASH transactions. You may think that then why won't Venezuelans use Zcoin, and the answer to that is because VEIL transactions are secure even when done in basecoins.