@_author: herecomesthedownboat
@_date: 2014-07-07 09:35:21
At least he didn't cum on his own face.....
@_date: 2014-07-07 09:47:03
I'm not sure why he's a hero if he's guilty? He took on a task far bigger than he could handle, he made stupid mistakes, he cost a lot of people lots of money, and some people their own freedom.
If he really believed in his cause, and he was as selfless as his fans want to believe, he would have moved to a different country where he would have been safer from American agencies.
I'm all for liberal drug laws, and silkroad was a brilliant idea. But Ross did it badly (only bad criminals get caught). And heroes don't hire hitmen IMO (although I'm aware the details of that are still no confirmed).
A gold star for effort? Maybe. A hero? Not in my eyes.
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:00:18
Out of interest, how many people think this article and news is beneficial for Bitcoin and it's future?
Personally, I think a lot of people in the UK would read this as "Bitcoin facilitating tax evasion. Bitcoin millionaire with lots of money encouraging other to pay money to him to avoid paying taxes."
Not sure about the U.S., but over in the UK, I think that is a bad message to be sending out, given the current witch hunt surrounding corporate tax payment over here at least
Also, why is paying $400k to some shady country who suggests you don't even visit them, any better than paying some shady country [$340,000]( who will let you stay there, provide (albeit questionably) roads, educations, social care etc?
Okay, so you can say "well this service is only for rich people who would save money" - how is that any better? "If you're rich, we'll help you prevent paying tax" - well what about all those people that need the most financial help, those who aren't rich?
I know a lot of people here are against tax, and that's fine. But I also thought people here were against the promotion of mentality "those with enough money get to join a special club where it's okay to exclude those less fortunate". How is that mentality any better than the mentality of corrupt bankers and politicians?
@_date: 2014-07-07 10:33:56


He's still facing charges in Maryland for conspiracy to murder. But I think those charges were originally bought again DPR, so if the NY case proves Ross was DPR, then he'll also face the charges bought about in the Maryland indictment (at least, that's my understanding of the situation).


No it wont, because Silkroad was organised to sell illegal things. Just how the Mega (Kim Dotcom) stuff didn't remove free speech because the issue with Mega was that it was clearly targeted towards, and facilitating, illegal activity.


I agree, could you spell the point out here, because I really don't see it.
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:53:53


They might be dropped, they might not be, but you sound awfully certain. Any reason, evidence or sources as to why?


If they're that wrong, then I'm sure a smart person like yourself will have no issues explaining how they're wrong to an idiot like me....? 