@_author: herrboss
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:07:41
As I have already mentioned in another thread I really like your site. Maybe as an additional idea: 
I know there are a lot of exchanges and for sure there are more to come. All the APIs are different and sometimes there is not even an API.. so probably it is not realistic that you will be able to provide the copy/paste tools or API integrations for all of them. 
Therefore my idea is that you try to create some tool for your users which enables them to easily create mappings for copy and paste data from all kind of marketplaces.
These mappings should be able to be shared between users. 
I would really like this feature, what do you think? :)
@_date: 2014-01-06 18:10:44
I could imagine that there can be a less complicated solution than it sounds like. As you will notice I am all but an expert in web development, but let me just throw some ideas. :)
Maybe you could try something like this:
You would have three tables basically:  
1) the top one where the user just c&amp;p his data in =&gt; source format  
2) a conversion table =&gt; mapping  
3) a table in the format that you use internally to store your data =&gt; target format  
Now after the user pastes his data into the source table, this table becomes read only. 
Before the mapping table you should probably have a checkbox for the user to indicate if a header row exists, so that it can be skipped from automated processing.
In the mapping table the user assigns his columns to the columns of your table. If necessary you could also allow some predefined rules (string, logic or arithmetic manipulation) to be applied for each source column. (For example: If  source.value equals "Bitcoin" then set target.value = "BTC")
In the target table you should get a live preview of how the converted data looks like.
When the user is finished, he can do his import and save the mapping table together with a url / description about the source data. Other users who want to import data from the same url / site might get an automatic suggestion to use the mapping the previous user has created. Maybe they could also redefine it or save a second variant.
@_date: 2017-10-28 12:19:11
Just for the record, you made the comment that ETH and LTC are shitcoins without any providing even the slightest reason. I don't care for LTC, but ETH changed the crypto landscape and brings a lot to the table which bitcoin doesn't. 
I don't care to go deeper here. Guess that makes me a troll too, right?