@_author: hesh582
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:44:20
He's smart and talented and totally unscrupulous.  He will say whatever he thinks will make him the most money.  Go read superfreakonomics, there is no way a trained economist could possibly believe most of the crap in there.  He gave up on accuracy after freakonomics, and that had problems too.  He just doesn't care, he'd rather be a Malcolm Gladwell level public purveyor of "insight(tm)" than actually produce anything with any sort of integrity.
@_date: 2014-12-19 02:19:23
None of this really changes the central point though - what's the benefit, to employee or employer?
Another speculative commodity trading heavily ideological company only accepting bitcoin matters very very little it terms of anything broader.
In terms of payroll, I don't think you appreciate the complexity of doing payroll for a business.  Bitwage and similar things will help with that, but unless they totally eliminate the traditional payroll company in the process, a business owner will be forced to pay two different payroll companies just to offer wages in another currency, for precisely 0 gain but added complexity and overhead.  What is a "zero click payroll"? 
It really sounds like all those "payroll companies" are actually just a fancy way to get a direct deposit immediately converted to bitcoin.  As in not true payroll companies at all, you're still getting paid in USD, you're just paying someone to convert it for you so that you don't have to.  Which is a lovely convenience I guess, but it's not "getting paid in bitcoin".
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:06:54
Amusingly enough, this attitude actually represents why bitcoin will never be a "real" currency unless quite a bit changes.  Right now you either use it as a casino games, or hold onto it hoping it will just eternally increase in value, or you hold onto it and basically just use it as a paypal account.  Think about what you basically have to do with real money when you save it: invest.  If bitcoin security and proper use revolves around leaving them sitting on a local machine it will never really get past where we are at right now, either rampant speculation or a payment method (for drugs).
@_date: 2014-04-09 03:34:51
But seriously, the bailouts, massive military expansion of questionable legality, and explosion of surveillance all go back to bush and the Republicans.  Of all the ridiculously many issues to take with the democratic party specifically you almost exclusively picked ones that apply to republicans just as much or more.   But when you led off with "the party of the KKK" you made it pretty clear that you weren't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed.
@_date: 2014-04-09 04:01:13
Yo I specifically said the democrats suck and they suck for doing those things.  You seemed to want to demonstrate negative things about the democrats specifically.  I thought it was funny that you chose basically the only issues that didn't do that.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:41:35
It could be both, an incompetent org. with a few malicious competent employees.  
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:34:12
That was the immediate impression I got too from this weirdly melodramatic rant.  Let's face it - if bitcoin is going to go mainstream it WILL be regulated in some fashion and that probably isn't the worst thing in the world.  An institution handling any sort of money should have certain security requirements, insurance, and third party audits.  You can go on about "not bowing to the evil of man" or whatever all you want, but if bitcoin exchanges and online storage are supposed to be chosen purely on the basis of trust then bitcoin will never gain widespread acceptance.  I really like the idea of a financial institution being audited, I don't know about you guys.  The technology behind bitcoin can be as clever and amazing as you want, but there will always be third parties and the system will always be as weak as they are.  Regulation is coming, we should be focused on making sure they keep it minimal and effective rather than going all Andrew Ryan and ranting about how the untermenschen will try to destroy all we have created.
And I've also seen a lot about how you should just keep all your money on a personal wallet yourself and that is the point of bitcoin.  Well hold on a sec, you want bitcoin to be a real currency yet you think holding it with a third party is irresponsible?  Bitcoin isn't always going to be skyrocketing in value if it ever ends up as something other than a way for techies to speculate.  Holding onto a large pile of cash is a great way to lose money.  If bitcoin is to be viable it will need to be invest-able, without interest nobody will store any real value in bitcoin once it plateaus.  Investment means regulation, period, to "build a new financial order" you need a hell of a lot more than a way to store value in an encrypted block chain, the grandiose ranting in the OP notwithstanding.
@_date: 2014-12-18 17:15:03
To actually answer the question - a trivially small number of people, and a trivially small number of people.
Getting paid in bitcoin is either foolish or just a hassle.  You need to immediately convert to USD to actually participate in the financial system (which is basically necessary at this point if you want a house, utilities, car, food, etc), and anything you don't convert has basically been invested in a highly speculative risk laden commodities market.
Beyond the ideology, what is the personal benefit of it at all?  Bitcoin's primary use right now is as a decentralized paypal system for a select number of goods, and a speculative investment.  Neither of those things lend themselves to any benefit as a salary at all.
No decent sized business is going to be able to operate purely in bitcoin in a world where about half the people haven't even heard of it, so it would be an extra headache (and extra exchange fees) for them to have to convert traditional currency to bitcoin every payday.  Payroll is already a huge annoyance for many small businesses, I don't see the appeal of this for them at all.
When you add in the tax implications and other annoyances, I doubt more than a handful of people will receive any form of bitcoin salary in the next year, and of those almost all of them will only receive a portion of their salary.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:19:26
Levitt.  I haven't heard the podcast, but the books are basically just Dubner editing and gussying up Levitt's ideas.  
@_date: 2014-12-18 17:05:43
No shit.  
And right after their currency just took a huge plunge is not exactly the time most people go shopping for other currencies.  Unless you expect the ruble to crash completely (it probably won't), once it's fallen this far you've just got to ride it out or you're just screwing yourself twice.  Why would they want to buy another currency with rubles when the ruble buys less currency than ever? 
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:20:03
That is not at all the impression I got from that section of the book.  But again, Freakonomics was based on decades of work by a talented economist, I think that overall it did a decent job of conveying some of Levitt's more interesting work.  And Levitt has certainly done some great work in the past.  Everything past the original book departs from that and suffers tremendously.
And anyway, it's missing the point.  At  no point in the book did they mention that several other prominent economists took serious issue with his methodology.  If you're going to be intellectually honest you need to admit when something has problems like that.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:48:47
But without any sort of oversight they can lie and lie a lot.  Until the shit hits the fan or they simply run away with the money nobody would know that the third party audits were actually being done by a shell corporation or that they were storing passwords in plaintext.  Without some sort of standards "security" becomes "what we can get away with" and audits are a joke if they even exist because the conflict of interest is so high.  The market simply can't force standards in the same way a government body can in the financial sector more than almost any other industry because it is so incredibly opaque.  Barriers to entry stifle innovation in many areas, but in finance I WANT innovation stifled and high barriers because "innovation" in finance usually amounts to coming up with creative ways to avoid fiscal responsibility or to siphon money from the market.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:36:13
You might be predisposed to gambling addiction, be careful.  If you are using bitcoin as anything other than a way to have a little fun and experiment with something new you might want to cut back.
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:02:32
This sort of starts to skim the surface.  But ultimately the book is just a hagiography of Levitt and his work and ignores the fact that many of the economics papers Dubner draws upon in Freakonomics were pretty comprehensively attacked by Levitt's peers.  In their attempt to say "LOOK HOW FREAKIN CLEVER THIS GUY IS!!!"  they totally ignore the volumes of material equally respected academics have produced contrary to much of what Levitt says.
And in Superfreakonomics they didn't even do that.  They drew on all of the greatest hits of Levitt's whole career for the original, so they were left trying to pull clever insights out of their collective asses for the second.  The result was a totally dishonest grab bag of fallacies and statistical errors, an attempt to be clever without any actual rigor behind it.  