@_author: heter_pick
@_date: 2019-09-01 12:12:36
Thank you very much for this response, this is just the sort of info I need! One last q, if I want to use bitcoin received on the lightning net off it I guess then I'd have to pay the fee to actually move the funds from whatever address they're really at (not sure how the network overlays to real bitcoin addresses) to my real bitcoin wallet?
@_date: 2019-09-01 10:07:56
I think that's silly. Personally I would rather have a product that just worked without issue so we could focus our brain power, time and energy finding solutions to all of the many problems we already face. An analogy for this mindset would be we should open more coal power stations to increase the amount of C02 in the atmosphere to put more pressure on our scientists to crack carbon capture technology.
@_date: 2019-09-01 07:10:12
Bitcoin is not good money. It's wasteful of energy, time and costs more than legacy solutions for the user to send anywhere. Yes it's secure, yes it's decentralised, but no it makes rubbish money. It also scales shockingly so if anyone ever tried to use it as money these problems would only get worse.
@_date: 2019-09-01 13:25:15
You're right I didn't read all of it. Do you honestly believe the high energy need of the bitcoin network is a positive though. All other things being equal would you say that you'd rather it used loads of electricity than very little. Take the first article. Bitcoin mining companies start setting up shop near remote natural gas deposits. The energy companies can make more money out of these deposits since mining companies can make can transmute this resource into bitcoin. Previously it cost too much to store/transport so was less sort after and therefore less likely to be tapped into in the first place. This incentivises burning more natural gas in turn releasing more emissions.
@_date: 2019-09-01 11:47:39
I'm much more pessimistic about LN but thanks for the detailed response, it made for an interesting read. From what I can understand routing is a real problem when it comes to LN. Say I want to send some monies to an address, how do I route that transaction? Do I first find a route and then send the bitcoin? If so how do I guarantee my route hasn't changed in between me finding it and actually fulfilling it with real bitcoin? And if I don't find the route first how do I know I can actually send the bitcoin from address a to address b at the point of sending it? Is there a chance that my bitcoin will get locked up in one of the channels or get into a "dead end"? In this scenario does it just back track to the sender address? This seems technically to be a real challenge.
@_date: 2019-09-01 08:08:50
How much does it cost to use? Are the transactions instant? What's security like? Why hasn't there been more adoption? Or has there and I'm just not aware
@_date: 2019-09-01 12:06:52
This is a legitimate trust issue tho right. The first people to drive cars would definitely have taken an interest in how the thing functioned because they are entrusting the it with their life. In the same way with new tech like lightning network and even blockchain in general people want to understand it a bit before entrusting it with their money. This is natural and sensible. In 50 years time once generations of people have been using this sort of thing and it's been entrenched into our shared consciousness as something that works and can be trusted no one will feel the need to try and understand it before they can safely use it.
@_date: 2019-09-01 12:21:53
I don't understand that argument. So let's say we're at peak usage of electricity and the grid is struggling to keep up with demand, does my local bitcoin mining company just stop mining? Given that we're going to need to move across to green renewable sources of energy to find a solution to climate change, the grid is going to need to be kitted out with storage mechanisms (batteries) so that when the sun goes down and solar power ceases, we have a still day and our wind turbines stop turning, we are in dry season and the hydroelectricity we usually generate from our local river is lacking, we can still turn on our computer and discuss crypto with strangers on reddit. In that scenario even if using up surplus electricity is a pro at the mo it won't be.
@_date: 2019-09-01 11:59:09
Yes of course I as an individual am not going to have to route it myself. Programmatically speaking routing will need to be encoded into the network protocol right. That's the sort of routing I'm getting at. How does the bitcoin travel from node to node finding a route from a to b given that any of the channels might have x amount of bitcoins in which is less that the amount I'm trying to send.
@_date: 2019-09-01 13:35:20
These are fair points. You're right the energy isn't wasted. The energy is a requirement of the protocol. It is a foundational piece of the puzzle that ensures trust within the decentralised network. Hypothetically speaking if there was a solution that was equally good in all other ways but didn't require all the POW and energy consumption would you consider bitcoins usage wasteful then?