@_author: hextazy
@_date: 2016-06-22 14:15:01
I have a friend who is seriously trying to talk me into the *new* "OneCoin", it's supposed to be the future and he insists to jump in now, prices will shoot up (just like BitCoin did at some point). Have you ever heard of OneCoin? Is this a scheme? Is it any better than Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-06-23 10:28:32
thats the impression I have now after reading your comments. I kinda feel sorry for him, he knows nothing about computers but VERY delicately read a B-I-G complicated book about crypto currency, he invested about 5.000€ and (according to him) , he already made a profit. I didnt want to tell him but that "profit" was money he could not access, it was a "profit" he was told by whoever runs OneCoin. Anyway, I am glad I didnt fall for it and you guys reinforced my gut feeling. 
@_date: 2016-06-23 17:46:51
ohh...boy, I just read what you sent and many of the comments under it and you are right, that thing is the classical ponzi scheme that ruins friend- and family relationships! I now feel sorry for this friend too, he said he put in 5,000€ after his wife jumped in for 25,000€ (!!). I was very skeptic all the time because he was totally convinced OneCoin is the next big thing but barely knew ANYTHING about BitCoin, he only kept referring about crypto currency and how he could track his profit from his dashboard (which he showed me). I noticed he was pitching it to me, but the truth is I am broke as fuck and I would never get into this business after frying my brains for weeks trying to understand how BitCoin and Wallets work. Good thing he doesnt know my mother, she fell 3 times for crap like that, first time Herbal Life, then Vision Travel and then something with Cell Phones. .... Herbal Life was the crudest of em all... 
@_date: 2016-06-22 18:49:20
No joke, the guy was serious and he is actually a good friend, I just think the OneCoin thing was a bit sketchy. I always get suspicious when somebody tells me about a "quick way to double your money", with BitCoins however, that was actually true, those who got on board at the very beginning made a significant profit. 
Due to your responses, I assume its some kind of a scam.
@_date: 2016-11-18 15:50:10
I don't get the app, when I click "buy btc" I get taken to a screen where I should enter how many BTCs I want to buy with BTCs. I don't see the part where I do the actual EUR transaction. It frustrated me. It only gives me the option to buy or sell BTCs for BTCs, not EUR for BTCs or BTCs for EUR. And yes I have EUR set as my currency of choice in settings. Also sepa transactions (created a profile with my bank data) . The app looks amazing until I get to that point. Also lots of users log off when initiating a trade