@_author: hexxul
@_date: 2019-11-07 00:50:46
"elected"? the same as in North Korea?
the same as in Cuba? (not sure if they even held elections)
If you want I can lend you a room in my home on Margarita for you to check out the cool things Maduro is doing to my Home.
What do you want from me? a Death certificate of my mother and her education so you can check she was a doctor at that hospital?  
We haven't had any "fair" elections after Chavez (I'm pretty sure Chavez won because people liked him sadly) and if you think Maduro and his ANC is legal think about this:
I haven't heard anytime that a president can declare a parallel congress because he didn't like the one the people elected, he created a parallel to fully control the country as he did before the people elected THE LEGAL one, so what do you call that? Democracy? Lmao
@_date: 2019-11-06 11:12:55
so its best to just leave maduro "govern" quietly, right?  
dude I'm a Venezuela, living in Venezuela currently, to be precise, Margarita and since 1998 things have been going downhill, I'm a 26yo developer and I can tell you that things are very bad.
Things like getting your passport, or doing any document or god calling to CANTV to beg they help your internet connection needs to be paid in USD via a third party (and this is before the sanctions) the corruption here is beyond you can imagine and thats because of the way maduro and its people its managing the country
My mom was a doctor (30 years working on the Luis Ortega Hospital) and guess what, she died of cancer because I couldnt fucking get a fucking chemo because medicine was not found, I hope I'm not just writing this to a paid prograganda bot like you sound.
So leaving maduro """"govern"""" like hes been doing until now is not the proper way of working this out.
@_date: 2019-11-06 11:21:54
the thing that you don't know is that here in Venezuela theres  USD inflation, believe it or don't, what cost you 100$ today may cost 120$ next week depending on the BsS, the goverment is manipulating the dollar to get it really cheap when you convert usd to bsS.
I understand that you want cheap labor (btw I know thats the common price for the type of work you are offering, even a little more) but you sound like you want us to THANK YOU for that crappy job,  like "oh god venezuelans are so ungratefull that I'm taking advantage of them" and don't tell me you aren't, I have been freelancing online for 5 years now and have a sister thats doing exactly that (even more difficult, transcribing PDFs to word from another lang and shes getting 150$+) so stop being so entlitled and have a better attitude towards people (not talking to Venezuelans only but for everybody).
Just by this post I know you'll be a difficult person to work with and I bet most of the offers you have done to a particular have been rejected not only because of the rates but the attitude.
@_date: 2019-11-07 00:40:11
seems you are right, I'm the moron who cant read.  
  **(btw I know thats the common price for the type of work you are offering, even a little more)**   
then if you are not taking advantage of anyone why don't you offer that job to any of your fellow citizens then? lmao, obv you want cheap labor by taking advantage of someone who is in a bad situation who desesperately needs money.  
And its true, you giving a job to a fellow Venezuelan is helping her/him, I'm not denying that and I thank you for that.  
I wish so much luck to the poor soul that needs money and needs to handle your attitude.
@_date: 2019-11-07 15:03:53
Phonebook? LMAO, can you send me a picture of that phonebook?
It seems I was correct, you must be a paid bot at minimun.
Thanks to help those bastard destroy my country.