@_author: heyitscheet
@_date: 2017-07-02 04:46:45
Here is a close-enough transcription of what Jihan said, I couldn't believe it:
"Most of the crypto currencies right now have an inflation, bitcoin have an inflation right? It's the block reward. Ethererum have an inflation. Almost all crypto currency have an inflation.
Inflation is some new token were generated and injected into the circulation of the economy without any reasons, just designed by so, to provide economic incentives, or to because we need some tokens in circulation.
For proof of work chain in the past, all inflation income belongs to miners. But we have seen that right now a few such kind of blockchain start to share the inflation with miners and the coin holders for some reasons. For example, one competing chain shares it because the holders set up full node and the full node provides some kind of [unintelligible] and fungability service for the community. I think this is quite interesting.
Basically right now, ethererum start to build pow/pos hybrid system. This kind of system if you [unintelligible] if you look through the saying. Basically this miners and coin holders are sharing the inflation revenue together.
**I don't know how bitcoin can do that, if we do it a simple way maybe we can do some kind of soft fork do it, but I really don't know how to do it exactly the best way. But this is something emerging, its new, I do believe its good.**"
@_date: 2017-07-02 17:44:40
no ones talking about reducing miner incomes, we just don't want the system CHANGED. Are you really arguing bitcoin supply scheduled should be changed so miners can make more?
NO INFLATION
furthermore, if you don't want to have to rely on big corporations to be able to run full nodes, then we shouldn't change the bitcoin protocol so those type of resources are demanded to run a full node
@_date: 2017-07-02 05:04:49
So you're saying hes being polite by suggesting pow/pos hybrid...he really just wants straight pow with inflation so his block reward continues forever? You're probably right about that.
@_date: 2017-07-02 05:40:31
He clearly says it, I don't know what to tell you. 
Bury your head in the sand if you want. 