@_author: heyletsdothis
@_date: 2015-07-04 02:43:20
This is what people don't realize.
The effects of the Fed QE probably have not caught up with us, just because they've been printing money like crazy and they are keeping interest rates at zero.
@_date: 2015-04-25 21:00:08
Bitcoin needs some regulation to prevent mt Gox from occurring again.  Transparency regulation should not eliminate competition.
Additionally the risk of bots in private closed platform is high.  Bots on the platform server is unfair competition
@_date: 2015-04-25 19:37:51
Your comment is splitting semantics and does not answer the question.  Bitcoin has been artificially inflated in pump and dump schemes and there is also the cyber security issues.... Trading platforms have allowed millions to be stolen.  These are examples of fraudulent bit coin activity and neither vulnerability has been fixed.
@_date: 2015-04-25 20:03:27
Bit coin should be regulated to some extent.  There ways to regulate without discouraging competition.  I think there needs to be regulation into open sourcing as much of the bit coin trading platform as possible.  The Code needs to be transparent and the fact of the matter is bit coin was never intended to be a competition anyway.  Bitcoin is about creating a currency that will not be abused by a competitive financial system, but rather a stable currency to empower the people.  
@_date: 2015-04-25 21:35:52
I could say the same thing, prove regulation won't stop mt Gox from happening again.  Asking a question like that is not how you make a point.  
Prove how transparency regulation would eliminate competition.  If all trading platforms had to share information on their source code or allow a direct tap into their servers so anyone could monitor any background bots, how would that eliminate competition?  See?  I'm not actually making a valid point, I'm asking you for proof you cannot possibly provide.  
Transparency regulation does not involve large sums of cash either, it just involves sharing the code used to develop the trading platform and trying to be as open as possible.  
I am well aware wallstreet uses bots, and I believe that is one of the problems with Wall Street.  There is very little regulation on bot trading so firms are able to use big data to analyze their clients trades and holdings and use that data to make money off of their clients trades at the expense of their clients total profits.  
Who would oppose this Regulation to reduce this in the bitcoin economy?  I don't believe the common bitcoin investor would object, but it is very feasible wallstreet would oppose such regulation because such regulation would reduce their profit and level the playing field.