@_author: hgreah
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:27:26
I love how bitcoiners so confidently say things that they've pulled completely out of their ass. You have no fucking idea what you're talking about.
    Credit card debt != deflation. Credit card debt is (and this may shock you) credit. It's a loan. It's not a currency. Loans don't deflate. They accrue interest. The vast 
majority of people with large amounts of credit card debt are spending money (that doesn't belong to them) irresponsibly. Deflation wouldn't make them make better choices; 
it'd just put them on the street more quickly.
    You obviously have no fucking idea what deflation is. Let's take your dumb example. First of all:
    then you essentially spent a deflationary currency.
No. No, you fucking didn't. You spent credit. Credit is not a currency. It can't deflate.
    The comparison is that something which costs $100, which you pay off after a year, really costs you $120 at the time of sale. However, if you wait a year and take that 
money which you would have used to pay off your credit card bill to buy the item, it will cost you $100.
No, it costs you $120 eventually (because you are reckless with money). The price of the item is $100. The currency you are using (in this example) is USD. The USD has not 
deflated over your one year time period. If the store is charging $100 for something right now and then a year from now it's still charging $100 then there's no deflation. The 
amount you finally pay has nothing to do with deflation; it has to do with responsibility.
3) Most people don't do this to begin with. If you pay off your credit card in full every month, you've essentially taken out a short-term interest-free loan. Even better, you 
usually get some kind of reward from the credit card company and you're insured from loss through your card being stolen. You get none of that with bitcoins. And 
inflation/deflation isn't even relevant to your example.
Credit card debt/loans != deflation
Do you understand or should I repeat that a few more times? This is witcoins, by the way. Hopefully you read this before some overzealous mod deletes it. Would John Ratcliff 
be defensive enough to delete this? Let's see...
NOTE TO MODS: I will cut/paste this back into the thread every time you delete it. Don't create more work for yourself. As you can see, I'm not joking.
