@_author: hh_boba_fett
@_date: 2013-04-22 11:13:41
My apologies if it came over to hard, but with your explanation that sure makes some sense in a way. About the edges I'm used to SubD Modeling where high poly models require the edges to be really smooth to capture the rays for the normal map properly, but if it's only for render purposes this isn't really needed in the first place, sorry about that :p
The current concept is quite nice, you did had the main idea right how you would build up the model, just here and there some things that could improve, at least from afar perspective the model and concept of it looks great!
The difference between Normal People and The People who do these stuff daily is that we directly see the errors and it keeps bothering us for some reason (or at least for me), you really notice this as well on many different subjects if it comes to someone with or without the knowledge how they actually would react. 
The main thing I always try to deliver to someone is constructive criticism although it might come over as subversive criticism. Either way the model of yours seems to be a good training and now that I've pointed out the mistakes you might pay attention on those few points in your next project! 
Best of luck and keep up the good work! 
@_date: 2013-04-21 19:27:11
Don't use boolean, or at least make the edges proper, the optimization of the model is really bad, overlapping edges and a lot of smoothing problems caused by those edges.
Concept is nice but the execution is bad.
@_date: 2013-04-22 13:04:55
Perhaps a down scrolling effect with the numbers could give a better effect (matrix style but only with binaire) 
Yea I do, although it's not updated recently, so I'll just post some sites where I'm more active:
@_date: 2013-04-22 16:42:58
Now that you mentioned my portfolio I decide to make a new one (I'm also at home with WebDevelopment)
Still work in progress but yea the concept is like that (3D previewer as main focus point and then on the left all the information.
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:18:59
Indeed, that last render sure is interesting, I like it!
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:17:11
Do you have any sites you post your content on, or what kind of artist are you mainly?
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:13:15
Mostly stuff like these: 
As seen on the wireframe, because of the boolean creating lots of inaccurate edges and just a big mess that creates some nasty smoothing errors. 
Also your edges are way too sharp if it's a high poly model at least do something about the smoothness of edges. 
And I don't even know how you managed to have this being so fucked up: 
Overlapping faces, unneeded segments, and yea smoothing is really fucked up: 
For the engraved text I'd suggest just using boolean as it's rather much work to do it by hand, although after using the boolean you should remove all the auto generate edges and create/bridge them yourself (as I also don't see any of them being bridged).
For the rest a good try though, but try optimizing it, apply supporting edges and see if you can nurb/turbosmooth it to get an even better result!