@_author: hidingfromtheherd
@_date: 2015-05-16 18:08:11
Here's what you aren't taking into account:
Humans have more or less preprogrammed and subconsciously programmed instinctual, psychological, and cultural responses to their environments, which can be exploited by merely casting a wide net of, say, nationwide commercials (like those praising the _easy_ credit card), internet marketing, or public policy decisions. By shaping these campaigns to be statistically most likely to evoke action or evoke acceptance by the subconscious mind, these pushes can effectively shift the majority population's action and perception. And as always, if the profit outcome is more than what went into the campaign, you've found yourself a business plan.
The problem is, this business plan effectively derails the herd's 'better judgement' and effectively, the herd's long term survival, as the perception of the group slowly shifts from each individual's direct experiences and judgments into a world composed of externally-created, vampiristic idea forms. Eventually, crisis occurs when the underlying environment shifts (say, a credit crunch occurs), and the herd is left exposed. (Part of ) the fantasy ends, and everyone is hurt in the process.
@_date: 2015-04-02 06:26:19
@_date: 2015-03-20 01:50:51
Its hilarious. Like they think some repos with code means anything. Don't bother looking at it, don't fall for that trap.
If we 150k just ignore and ridicule them, it won't matter how their code effects the rest of the world.
@_date: 2015-03-20 01:07:30
Bitcoin is the best and only coin, and I will ignore and fight anyone or thing that goes against this worldview. If we all ignore and dismiss Ethereum hard enough, its sure to just go away and fail.
We will nail onto bitcoin any "innovation" we need to appeal to a wide global audience, like raising the block limit, so that the masses can send bitcoin to each other. That will show those Ethereum scum.
@_date: 2015-03-20 02:09:26
Nothing. We just stick to our guns. Bitcoin is about being the first and the best. The fact that we have the largest mining pools shows that.
Ethereum people will try to tell you that fast block times and ethereal notions like merkle Patricia tree blockchains or plans for sublinear scaling in node size to # of transactions are important, but I don't understand the implications of that, and they aren't important.
Let's just focus on bitcoin.