@_author: hidroprotagonist
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:21:34
When the Nasdaq had its fiasco with the Facebook IPO, many of the issues they had were direct results of a completely automated exchange. 
Zuckerberg wanted to sell stock directly to consumers, and not have Facebook taken over by other companies. He cobbled together a list of restrictions against immediately selling off the stock, how much a corporation could buy, etc. The aim was, I believe, to make the stock accessible to the average person.
Nasdaq unrolled new trading software for the IPO, anticipating a high volume in trading, and had the software tested at a million times the worst case scenario volume. The software passed the test and failed during trading.
The system started to lag, and like hitting the submit button when an email does not immediately send, people started to accidentally buy more of the stock than they intended. Finally, the exchange stopped notifying if the stock purchase had been made, and if so, at what cost.
The financial media, in their typical, sky is falling, sensationalist style; began to run a continuous loop of panic programming. This, of course, made people panic, and try to sell the stock they may have bought. Trading was never halted.
Nasdaq staffers manually went through every buy and sell order. They all counted, and the blind pricing was determined. All the sales were completed, and when the dust settled, many who had participated in the IPO, buying stock for the first time, had stock they just wanted to rid themselves of. They sold, as soon as they could, having bought relatively high, thus losing money.
It is easy to look back and laugh at the stupidity of the herd, but easy to become the herd when your hard earned moolah is on the line. There is an emotional connection between a person and their portfolio, and rightfully so.
If we stick to theoretical political ideals, with little regard for when some other approach would work better, we are morons. 
The NYSE uses a hybrid system of trading with market makers, tasked with watching trading in a list of companies. They can temporarily halt trading and wait for the market to make sense again. The Facebook IPO would have been handled very differently if Facebook had chosen to go with the NYSE.
I realize that I'm using stock exchange examples, and that the metaphor may not work completely for bitcoin. I also realize that there is a real fear of government interference in the exchange. I am interested to hear other thoughts on this.  