@_author: hierarchicalneeds
@_date: 2014-06-21 18:28:48


OP must have identified the relevant vertical architectures and, recognising the importance of synthesizing B2B convergence whilst disintermediating related enterprise supply-chains, multiplied E=2r by the implementation coefficient and divided by the number OP first thought of. 
There's a video below explaining all that in case you didn't get it:
@_date: 2014-06-17 10:40:48
There are many people in this world for whom the most pressing need is to be free from poverty.
The title of your post asserts a false dichotomy.
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:54:16
OP is an idiot
@_date: 2014-07-04 23:14:40
You do realise that Bitcoin is borderless and international? You've draped the Bitcoin rocket in the stars and stripes. Personally I wouldn't associate Bitcoin with any national flag.
If the Bitcoin price does go to the moon, it will be for the benefit of the world that Bitcoin has gone mainstream, not just for the US of A.
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:48:20
That's not a couch.  It's a single seater armchair they had specially widened for Mark Karpeles
@_date: 2014-07-01 23:00:15
It's not even an issue, see the wiki.  There's nothing to hide. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:57:44
this is spam, a duplicate post of 
@_date: 2014-06-29 22:03:00
I don't think poster is the creator of the linked page - unless poster is James D'Angelo.
You can check out the video about this page here: 
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:12:07
Given that Bitcoin hasn't died yet your talk of its 'fatal flaws' is rather premature.


Bitcoin is like internet cash.  If someone took your case containing $20,000 in cash, that would be an irreversible transaction too.  Will you now say that cash has a fatal flaw?
People have lost bitcoins due to carelessness.  You should protect your bitcoins with the same diligence with which you would protect your cash.  If you're not careful where you leave them or who you trust with them then you are at risk.  This is not a flaw in Bitcoin.  
OK, Bitcoin is still at an early stage, and securing your bitcoins requires a degree of knowledge and care.  I expect that by mainstream adoption time this will be greatly simplified with hardware wallets, maybe biometrics, etc, and the average granny will be able to safely use Bitcoin.


Consumer protection may well already exist in your jurisdiction.  If you buy something from a store and it is faulty, you may have a legal remedy.  You do in my jurisdiction.  How you paid for the item is irrelevant to the fact that you have a legal remedy against the store.


The transaction limit of Bitcoin is being artificially throttled back right now to prevent blockchain bloating before the network is ready for it.  Once major adoption is on the horizon, the throttle can be opened up.  There is no flaw in Bitcoin regarding transaction limit.  See 


I think this episode proves the opposite of what you claim.  The community was aware of ghash's share of mining power, concern spread and miners reacted accordingly.  In other words, the free market made the necessary adjustments and solved the problem just fine.
OK, Bitcoin is still an experiment, but it's looking like a very robust experiment to me.  I don't see any fatal flaws.
@_date: 2014-06-24 17:23:45
Just tried searching bing using keyword 'blockchain', first place ad shown included the correct blockchain.info display url, but clicking the link sends to blockchainAddedThisToBreakLink.ind.in
In my case Kaspersky blocked that site as a known phishing site.
If Bing and other search engines don't get their act together to stop this I hope they get sued.  They ought to be held responsible if anyone loses btc/fiat as a result of this.
@_date: 2014-06-26 23:24:06
You say that doing a chargeback is simple, but the costs of card fraud are huge, and we all pay for those costs because businesses always externalise their costs through insurance and pricing.
The price you are paying for things includes the costs of card fraud.  And you want to keep that system?
If you are wise, you don't send cash to people you don't trust.  If you are foolish enough to send bitcoins to some anonymous person who runs off to Tahiti with them, that's your own folly.
If your jurisdiction doesn't make it easy for you as a consumer to obtain a legal remedy, that's the fault of the law in your jurisdiction.
Bitcoin makes it possible to send virtual cash in a frictionless way to the other side of the world for no fees.  People can transfer funds to e.g. family members whom they want to give money to, they can transact with companies that have a reputation for being reliable and looking after their customers.


Cash works even better for black market dealings, and is used far more than Bitcoin for such transactions.
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:22:01
How exactly is this post bitcoin related?  Alt Coins Aren't Bitcoins?  We know that anyway.
@_date: 2014-07-05 23:20:28
The linked article concludes with this statement:


I think the answer is that consumers will prefer to pay using Bitcoin rather than pay by some other method because they will want Bitcoin to succeed. As supporters of Bitcoin, they will seek out merchants who accept Bitcoin and pay by that method as a result.
Why would someone want Bitcoin to succeed? There are various answers. Some support Bitcoin for reasons of political ideology. Many support Bitcoin because they have been persuaded by the plausible arguments that bitcoins could one day be worth a vast amount more than they are today, and so they have bought bitcoins as an investment. Now that they have a vested interest in Bitcoin’s success, they will opt to give their custom to those businesses that let them pay using Bitcoin, buying with bitcoins and replacing what they spent by buying some more bitcoins at the same time.
The Bitcoin community is, at present, still very small in global terms. But it is growing. We are still at an early adoption stage. No-one knows for sure what will happen to Bitcoin, or its exchange rate to fiat. Investing in Bitcoin is risky. But the potential returns for early adopters if Bitcoin does go mainstream are huge. The realisation that if they get in now at the early adoption stage they could see major returns on their investment is likely to create many more bitcoiners.
I believe it is this that will one day create a tipping point, with retailers moving to accept Bitcoin as a payment method – because they want all those bitcoiners to be customers of their business, not their competitors.
@_date: 2014-07-02 06:18:20
I don't think you're reading the chart correctly.  Just because the percentage shown moves up or down doesn't necessarily mean the hashrate of a mining pool has changed at all.
My understanding of that blockchain chart is that it does not show the hashrate of each mining pool.  It shows an estimate, based upon who has won blocks in the time period shown.
Even if the hashrate of a mining pool remained constant throughout a given time period, sometimes they would get lucky and win more blocks.  Sometimes they would be unlucky and get beaten to it by some other pool more often.  
That's why the page displays the caveat *"It should only be used as a rough estimate and for various reasons will not be 100% accurate."*
@_date: 2014-06-29 21:56:11
**Is Betteridge's law of headlines true?**