@_author: hierro5
@_date: 2018-09-09 04:04:09
[Effects of a single unexpected PoW change](
@_date: 2018-09-08 10:33:05
Totally obvious (and very much welcomed) article for those who understand communism. 
And that’s why Bitmain is a PRC front (and all ‘crypto’ coming from mainland China, ie Neo project, etc..,) , put the pieces together in PRC China all is at the end of the string owned by the party.
Just today it was known that Jack Ma is (forced) to retire.
Some interest comments (not mine) in [HN] ( about his departure
 
“The reason Jack Ma is stepping down from Alibaba is that he was becoming too powerful and influencial in China. Jack is very smart and knows that you can build your wealth and power until you begin to threaten the party, then you either need to step down or you will be forcefully taken down.“
“You can look at his existing behavior for clues to that being the case. When he took control of Ant Financial from Alibaba, spinning it off, he gave himself 2/3 of the business. That diluted position would still be worth around $80-$90 billion today. Instead of holding onto that, he proceeded to massively dilute his ownership and control of Ant. The reason he did that, is the same reason he was allowed to take it away from Alibaba without proper compensation (Alibaba was majority owned by multiple foreign shareholders): strategic national interest, an edict from the government. The major banks are all directly state controlled. A very large share of all online transactions in China flow through Ant Financial, the government couldn't allow that to remain in one person's hands. Jack got his orders.
In China as a business person it's extremely dangerous to become too powerful or rich, especially now. Maybe you could have gotten away with it 15 years ago. China of today is very different from China of the late 1990s and 2000s.
If Jack Ma had held onto his original contrived Ant position, he'd nearly be the richest person on earth, with a potential chokehold on finance, industry and retail in China. That position could have plausibly been worth several hundred billion dollars to him personally over time. That's not something you want to aspire to currently in China. “
(end of quoted comments)
So if Jack Ma had to bend the knee imagine what a groomed Peking University  student would resort to do for them
(nothing personal against Jihan, after all he is just a children of the Party never truly free since born, maybe with the IPO exit he could escape at last from them, who knows...).
Remember that when the Bitcoin Cobras tell you that we have to change POW algo, so PRC-Bitmain can stay relevant.
(Roger common you are with the commies)
@_date: 2018-08-04 23:48:46
Just for fun a theory,
If/When the sale goes thru, this is how is going to play out in order for Cobra and his acolytes (1?)  to save face, they are going to sell it to a newly formed company probably incorporated in the Southeast Asia or the Caribbean which no ones know its real owner. The excuse will be that is going to be an improvement, that there is going to be professionals curating the content, the usual crap. And little by little they will switch agendas to morph it to a Bcash site.
@_date: 2018-08-04 23:40:06
Auto-Reply to sugest  to the moderators, please update the sidebar to point it to the community info site btcinformation.org instead of the Cobra controlled one, thanks.
@_date: 2018-08-24 07:31:30
Really weird the Cobra tweet/post about its effort to save bcash, from a guy who contributed 0 LOC to the Bitcoin project. Is he trolling?
I’m really surprised (or maybe not) about the latest development in the bcash civil war, with 2 clear opposing forces CSW vs Jihan, and then other one Ver who has no spoken publicly yet. All fighting for their fortunes as it seems they have a lot on stake. The Cobra [post]( boasting about exchange and hash connections has a lot of Ver ‘vibe’ that's something like Ver likes to brag about and it’s the other force in this war so maybe this is his move. And besides the other 2 parties all want to introduce incompatible changes in the upcoming bcash HF that aligns their tech stack and capture plans with this altcoin so the one that would accept a standstill is Ver.
The stakes and the declarations of no compromise by either party are increasing so maybe Ver panicked and had to activate its Cobra card. So now (barring trolling) is evident that  Cobra Bitcoin is compromised and the bitcoin.org domain with it.
Sidenote: Poor Jihan if he loses again, twice in a year in a major battle against (white) westerners, the worst that can happen to a Chinese/Korean/Japanese is to lose face. How are you going to answer to your PRC handlers?.
@_date: 2018-05-15 13:36:30
He believed his own hype about being a crypto market oracle and sold his bitcoins at the 'obvious' market top of 1000$,  he wanted to buy back at the next dip but never happened so he's now a nocoiner.
@_date: 2018-08-04 23:35:48
Hi risk scenario, obviously no one is going to contribute (for free) to the potential compromised site of bitcoin.org, as time goes by and this new reality sinks in, so Cobra will have 3 options,
1 Just let the site as it is.
2 Copy and paste whatever it goes in the community site.
3 Sell it (to Roger Ver) whatever share/control he has on the site.
I just see 3 now as a high risk scenario, as the power of the domain bitcoin.org withers (and its monetary value) the guys that tried to monetize the domain are going to be very tempted to just sell it the sooner the better, today they could ask easily 10M USD to Roger to push even more its name  capture agenda, maybe in a year that price is only 1M USD.
Cobra for how much, now that  your little precious kingdom is crumbling, are you going to sell it to Ver?
@_date: 2018-10-30 14:33:50
She can't say otherwise. after all,
"It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!." - Upton Sinclair
@_date: 2018-06-02 17:16:50
The first think I thought when I've read that news, is the Bitcoin github repo project, and then I found this fine post buried on [hn](
(not mine and I quote)	
“By themusicgod1
Because much of the free software world uses it as a coordination place - it's a weak, undefended target. If they were to buy it and quickly shut it down, the free software world would be in a tailspin for quite awhile. Microsoft could use the delay to push for legislation across the world to force developers to have a Microsoft(Linkedin/Ripple enabled) license attached to their (Microsoft) global ID. Within a year or two it could be illegal, worldwide to possess non-Microsoft licensed crypto software, then eventually all software. Especially look for software relating to the boot process/BIOS related stuff - that's another weak point right now, but there are probably others.”
(end of quote)
It’s another attack vector, remember how Google invented/forces you to use your gmail credentials (now Google) for all the apps/hw in their ecosystem. Tie your MS ID with your professional profile, and then to  a permission regulated ‘crypto’ means of exchange. Thats a nice goal to have for MS, for sure something that would love Gates-Buffett-Munger.
@_date: 2019-08-05 16:17:42
With a Trezor there is no need to ask for the pin, its ill advised to go out of home with a Trezor on you, it can only protect you from remote attacks (as stated by Satoshi Labs)
You cannot hand a Trezor to another person, its less secure than  24 words hidden in a book
@_date: 2019-08-04 17:00:44
When traveling currently there is no device safe that could withstand the following question  at an airport check.
Provide the pin of this device
And btw  the Trezor is no longer safe if it falls out of your control (basically you could dump the encrypted ram and perform a brute force PIN attack against that image bypassing the PIN limits, and in a few seconds you have the 12/24 words).
We need to extend plausibility deniability to the hardware level. I told this on the coldcard (cc) telegram  channel the other day  I would very much like this functionality,
1 You time lock the device X time.
2 Until X time passes (and some kind of key presses/input is done after X time) the device behaves differently, it DOES NOT ASK FOR A PIN, so you could not provide the pin to the ‘authority’ because there is no pin.
3 For example it could boot in a ians coleman page mode which would be very useful and is not a simple calculator which would be kinda suspicious.
If the device is retained by some kind of outfit at an airport check, they still need to figure out the password that is valid only after X time passes (for example you have many fields for entry in a ians coleman like tool you preconfigured one an only one of those fields for the magic input for decloaking the device until X time), an unless they detain you for an imaginary crime you have plenty of time for countermeasures. You could have for example a premade signed tx to another cold wallet of yours an unless some friend/bot hears from you he would broadcast the signed tx.
The best you could do currently traveling alone in one pass, is the following flow
1 Dump the cc to an sd card encrypted with a 12 word seed (the file with 24 words is encrypted with 12 words)
2 Reset the cc, (note the device still has the original pin which cannot be changed)
3 After passing the danger zone, reload from the sd card the wallet, you’ll need to provide the 12 words that decrypt the file.
a They could ask for your cc PIN (which could be useful for them for later)
b They could ask for you to decrypt the sd archive
An improvement in security would be the following device that still does not exists.
A coldcard with an integrated keyboard (with randomized leds in the keys to avoid forensic fingerprinting of key presses) , and the ability to morph into another stateless computing device (preferably ians coleman tool which would be very useful).
@_date: 2019-08-05 18:24:19
It would only cost  [100$](
to extract the seed. And a passphrase  its only valid with assets bellow 1.7M USD(?)  (note the cost to bruteforce attack a passphrase  probably follows somekind of Moore's Law) 140 bitcoins at this prices, next year it would be probably safe for 40 or less bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-08-28 05:16:14
c) A Deep State (DS) long con to force Satoshi to sign a message disproving CSW is Satoshi hence proving that he is alive(*), he controls 4.7% of the next world reserve currency.
Remember that  the DS got Calvin Ayre he got his free jail card but now its a slave to his new masters.
(*)I remember many many years ago before the explosion of social networks and video on the net, that there was a project to have snapshots of the whole internet and to detect exactly when a new diff between states on the net (a new message) has appeared and thus identify the source or trace it,  I don’t know what if ever resulted of those ideas, maybe the DS has a tool like that so the real end goal which always was and always will be to get Satoshi and his stash could be accomplished. It seems unfathomable nowadays to think that tool cool exist, to capture the whole internet, but maybe it could be targeted. You would set some text of interest, any text containing one of the first 1000 bitcoins public addresses would be a good start if ever a Satoshi signing appears on the net
@_date: 2019-06-01 18:54:00
I’m thinking about the same, with time as crypto eclipses fiat systems, it would be evident that in bank safe deposit boxes there are going to be crypto seeds stored. And doing  a photo of the documents inside a bank safe could be done with impunity, of course you could use envelopes, stickers with serial numbers, uv markers but all anti tampering procedures could have its countering, and besides the more anti tampering the greatest is the conditional probability that the document could have valuable information. (You of course have the additional protection of a passphrase, but with the 12/24 seed you could bruteforce the wallet)
So my thinking is that it’s just to risky to leave the seed words unencrypted.
I was thinking of using the scheme described here by the [coldcode]( product
The scheme I’m thinking of implementing for myself is the following
1) Generate a wallet with a trezor which is going to be used as a shifter (pad wallet) for all my wallets.
2) Shift all my real wallets with the pad wallet and store the shifted wallets as backups.
3) Never store the pad wallet  in the same place as a shifted wallet.
(I know all of this introduces complexity but I want to protect myself of the attack vector of someone opening my bank deposit box doing just pictures and closing it without me ever knowing, maybe it was already done who knows...)
It could be interesting if a hw wallet  could implement the pad wallet scheme automatically without the user manually to perform (trivial but error prone) the shift arithmetic
The flow  for recovering would be like this
1 Select recover seed wallet using a pad
2 Input into the hw wallet the pad
3 Input into the hw wallet the shifted wallet
4 The hw wallet converts the shifted wallet into a real wallet
The flow for creating the shifted wallet is more problematic, but I wouldn't mind doing it by hand, I just want to check very quickly that it works. So I would restore the hw wallet at the moment of initialization of a wallet  2 times, one with the standard procedure and another one with this shifted procedure and see if all checks out.
Or the hw wallet could have another option orthogonal to its current state, shift a bip39 wallet with another wallet. 
(All of this is trivial implemented  as an  script running on an offline computer or maybe someone could make a pocket bip39 calculator shifter, I'll buy it)
There are other possible solutions to the picture attack vector, for example spliting the seed in various deposit boxes in different countries, encrypt a usb stick with aes256 or veracrypt and store in such usb the unencrypted bip39 seed, but you know have the problem of longevity of such media…
Or just go multi-sig if you trust Electrum to be bug free...
@_date: 2019-04-13 08:21:03
What if  thats what the whole deal is about with the CSW operation, to try to flesh out the real Satoshi and the first step is to confirm he is alive and in control of the keys.
@_date: 2019-04-13 07:59:44
I often wonder if all of this CSW charade is part of an elaborate plot from some power (it can only be a 3 letter agency or the masters that rule over them) to make the real Satoshi fed up and make him produce a signature proving CSW is an impostor and from there work something out.
@_date: 2018-03-08 02:02:01
Maybe until cobra voluntary relinquish his co-ownerships of the bitcoin social accounts now that he is not aligned with the project, the bitcoin.org site could be  a shell to a scheme of ipfs content, the problem is to whom delegate the responsibility of creating those links and updating them when needed, maybe a github bip like system???
I have a curiosity how did cobra ended with co-ownership of bitcoin.org and bitcointalk.org?. 
There is clearly a social attack to bitcoin, the btc subredit, the appropriation  name , the  twitter handle, the bitcoin.com domain, and now bitcoin.org could be in peril, see a pattern?.
@_date: 2018-03-08 01:32:29
I found rather odd the exchange between you and Jihan Wu in this [twitter] ( exchange 
on which between you two, establish the narrative that a POW change is inevitable. 
This all bizarre stuff with the cobra accounts social output seems like a bad joke of a mind  experiment game that psychologist like to play (and all the sockpuppets and cobra boasting that don't worry cobra is really an enemy  to Jihan, look he even puts in his twiter the most taboo image in China, he for sure is against Jihan) . As stated before me the main threat to Bitmain’s business is Moore’s Law and the only way to escape  the catch up is a reset of the game, i.e. change the POW which is the narrative that the co-owner of bitcoin.org is advancing one tweet at a time.
I don’t buy you are too dumb to not see  that the most advanced mining company in the world with PRC backing, which is defenseless against Moore’s Law, wants/needs a POW change the sooner the better.
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:29:29
I see that you posted the same post on Ver's subredit, so you are part of his pay farm of astroturfing how does it feel to work on a scam operation?, is it worth it?.
@_date: 2018-02-22 23:32:48
Flagged bitcoin.com is a scam site which real purpose under the masquerading of providing 'news' is to deceive newbies into thinking bcash is Bitcoin. 
Please do not support scammers.
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:30:49
Cøbra is clearly compromised, any plans/way to remove him from bitcoin.org?
Edited to add, that it seems as ironic that Cøbra  has the tank man in his twitter, as Bcash defendants are mainly Chinese, and make not mistake all Chinese business of not insignificant size is allowed with the permission of the PRC. People need to understand that China’s regime has only one goal, to enrich its oligarchies and to perpetuate in power, in order to do that is paramount to be totally brutal in the education department. All mainland Chinese citizens  post China civil war are inculcated  in their brains from all available media on the goodness on the regime and that the greater ‘good’ is all that matters.
Jihan Wu is a children of that regime, his  companies are probably a front of some fractions of the Regime, in any case he is a slave to his masters the PRC.
The PRC is implementing it’s latest technologies, which they think they could for ever perpetuate in power the so called ‘social score’ on which your actions are graded and your relatives/friends are impacted by your score. 
Besides the merits of whatever  China technology, you are at the mercy of the PRC and they are just pure evil, they go against the essence of liberty. And you think that the PRC is going to allow the freedom of property?. Why do you think neo has 7 nodes?.
And you Cøbra  you have sold to that? To the guys that want to enslave all of the chinese people (this is only the beginning), you must really proud of following Satoshi vision.
@_date: 2018-02-07 15:46:11
Flagged bitcoin.com is a scam site which real purpose under the masquerading of providing  'news' is to deceive newbies into thinking bcash is Bitcoin. 
Please do not support scammers.