@_author: highguy420
@_date: 2012-04-22 16:33:31
In addition, you can set your own exchange rate for bitcoins to whatever you want.  If you think bitcoins are still worth $30 each you can value them at $30 each.  Some (many) sites value them much less than their spot price to insure against market volatility, therefore the opposite tactic of over-valuing bitcoins in expectation that they will rise in value is also a perfectly acceptable marketing tactic.  
@_date: 2012-11-29 21:45:30
If they know that you are coming from a TOR IP address before they present you with a deposit address, and they know that they are going to refuse to refund it, then they *knowingly* accepted the money with the intention of keeping it.  
The fact that they also write down that they are going to steal it doesn't make it any less absurd.  It is still theft.  
@_date: 2012-11-30 16:06:15
Theft is not protecting yourself from fraud.  If Mt. Gox must resort to theft to do business then they are a criminal organization.  If the laws of their country force them to steal, then their laws are unethical. 
I really don't care about excuses.  If they know they are going to keep the money before they accept it, which in the case of TOR they do, then it is blatant theft.  If they refuse to refund your deposit after deciding not to do business with you then that is opportunistic theft.  Either way, it's theft.
Mt. Gox frequently refund the money when people "make a big stink" (at least from the stories I've read recently), so they are not "required by law to keep them". 
They are stealing.  You can defend a thief all you want, but it tarnishes your own image.  Your arguments tend to support my argument that it was premeditated theft.  If they know what IP addresses are known TOR exit nodes then they know THEY ARE GOING TO KEEP YOUR DEPOSIT AND REFUSE TO REFUND IT BEFORE ACCEPTING YOUR DEPOSIT OR DISPLAYING A DEPOSIT ADDRESS.  The bold part of the previous sentence is very important, please re-read it.  If your concerns are about TOR you have even less ground to stand on.  
Mt. Gox steals as part of their business model.  It is obvious.  Your argument basically boils down to "but they are stealing from *questionable* people, not people like *me*"
@_date: 2012-03-07 11:35:02
Expectations obliterated. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 16:45:14
You are thinking about it too much and relying on complete guesses.  You suppose that it won't reach $15 next month.  You flat-out guess that nobody "big" wants to buy it.  You are projecting your own logical and reactionary thought processes onto anonymous players in the market and making seemingly factual statements upon which you base very strong conclusions.
I'll break it down this way: There is NO FUCKING POSSIBLE WAY those two outcomes are 50/50.  You even preface it with "Say ..." which is requiring me to agree that they are 50/50 before we even begin interpreting your logic.  All of the logical conclusions you draw from that point on happen in an alternate universe in which that statement is true, and therefore any logical conclusion supported by it is equally hypothetical and irrelevant to real life.  
Instead of saying the two possible variants are 50/50 let's assume all of what you said is worthless assumptions and has nothing to do with reality.  You already decided to sell your coins at that price and instead of owning that decision you are attempting to justify it after the fact.  You got your money back, good job.  You bought low and sold high.  That's all you need to know about it.  I'm glad you could fabricate a nice little hypothetical story about having done so, but that's only to make you feel good about selling in a bearish market.  Just smile and think to yourself "I made a good profit".  That's it.  No need to muddy up the waters with a bunch of hypothetical drivel.  
@_date: 2012-08-20 00:52:17
The assumption that this is any specific player is just an assumption.  Your description is plausible and well thought out as well.  Next weekend we will know if your hypothetical was accurate or anyone else's.  In the void of actual evidence I'm reserving my judgement.  
He said he will refund everyone, let's see if he does.  If not then we can all sing the "I told you it was a Ponzi Scheme" song from the rooftops, however if he refunds everyone we will still remember it as a ponzi scheme.  
@_date: 2012-09-05 20:00:47
I was being hyperbolic.  I'm sure they will just have a "hacker" tap their fingers on a keyboard while a number of brightly colored shapes move around the screen as they "decrypt" the address it was sent to.  I never expect them to accurately portray things of a technical nature now, I wouldn't expect them to once bitcoin becomes a "thing" in Hollywood. 
Maybe someday movies will be made by real people with real stories to tell instead of just regurgitated story lines with new actors and new special effects.  Then the people making the movies would have knowledge of the things they are writing about, and will put effort and care into the production.  Maybe someday.
@_date: 2012-06-25 18:23:15
There are a million better excuses they could have used, including "because we said so".  Instead they decided not to take a neutral point of view and made a ridiculous statement about how bitcoin is not "real" because it doesn't have a corrupt cartel of international bankers slowly devaluing it for their own purposes and a mindless hoard of violent functionaries compelling your faith in its value.  
That statement says more about wikimedia than it does about why they do not wish to accept bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-01-16 07:37:01
I don't patronize green dot.  They are unscrupulous and predatory. 
@_date: 2012-01-27 01:37:05
* Transaction fees
Transaction fees work in multiple ways.  Initially there is not much need for them as an encouragement because on a typical block that is solved the miner gets 50 BTC for generation of the block plus a fraction of a bitcoin for transaction fees.  When the generated BTC for solving a block drops to 25 BTC the transaction fees will hopefully be enough to encourage mining, and as the generated reward drops even further the idea is that the number of transactions will pay more than the generated bitcoins.  
The other use of transaction fees is to prevent a specific "Denial of Service" type attack where someone could send millions of 0.00000001 BTC transactions and fill up the blockchain.  In order to prevent this there is an algorithm that determines how risky a block is and gray-lists the block.  If it is willing to pay a transaction fee then it is accepted immediately because paying the transaction fee would make this sort of attack too expensive.  
The default client enforces this, however it is not enforced in the protocol itself.  The delaying of the blocks may be, but the requirement for a transaction fee is not.  You could, if you were able to modify the source code (or maybe with the bitcoind server) you could send transactions that are comprised of coins that were recently previously spent, for small amount, or extremely complex, without paying the transaction fee... however you have no guarantee that anyone will pick them up and add them to a block for you.  This means you may be waiting an extended amount of time for that transaction to be processed.  If you need it right now, pay a small fee.
* Transaction Size
When a transaction is built it is really just a text file.  It has a bunch of information, such as where the money is coming from and who it is going to.  There can be extremely long lists of addresses on both sides of the equation and every address is a string of text.  There can be scripts and rules about redeeming, multiple private keys needed to reedem, etc.  There is also a maximum block size, so if you have a large, complex block that takes up a big chunk of the block the miners are going to want to get a bunch of little transactions in there which are each paying transaction fees instead of your big bulky transaction that isn't paying a fee, or is only paying one fee but taking up the space of many.  But the basic answer to your question is that a transaction is just a text file and the more text in that file the bigger it is.  The limits are arbitrary, but designed to encourage mining and thereby encourage the stability and security of the network.
* Confirmations 
So, when a transaction is broadcast all the nodes tell each other about it and it just sits there "unconfirmed".  Some miner needs to take that transaction, add it to their stack of pending transactions, hash a header, put it in with some other data in a string, hash that (twice actually) and then check to see if the first so many characters of that hash are the appropriate number of zeros (based on the difficulty).  If it is not it keeps trying until another transaction comes in and then it starts over adding it to the stack and continuing to try (some pooled mining systems only accept new transactions periodically to increase efficiency).  This process is very difficult to compute initially, but nearly effortless to confirm.  This means that, for the sake of security, you can be confident that it is unlikely two solutions to the problem (two blocks) will be found in a short period of time.  It is possible, yet improbable, that two nodes will come up with valid solutions at the same time, and there are other rules that will dictate which solution is accepted if such a situation arises.  The basic idea is that the mining, or confirming, is done to prove those transactions are valid and accepted in the blockchain and future transactions based on those transactions can be easily validated against that proof of work.  
The more blocks that come after that one the more secure it is.  If someone wanted to go back two blocks and re-generate a new block that is better accepted by the network they would have a lot more work than just generating one, the farther back the more work it takes because they have to find a solution that the protocol will accept as being more valid than the one it already has, which becomes more and more difficult the farther back you go.
It is unlikely that a pending transaction will be reversed or double-spent.  It is improbable that a 1-confirmation transaction will be reversed or double-spent, and at 6 it is nearly impossible with today's computing power that a transaction will be reversed.  There is a measurable probability, yet the likelyhood is low.  As computer power increases and as FPGA and ASIC (low-power, highly optimized, purpose-built) mining chips come on the market we may see this increase, but that is only if the power is centralized.  If others have the same computing power the the attackers are in the same boat they are now, just on a different scale.
* Blocks
I explained a little about blocks, but I'll go into it a little more.   A block is a wrapper that contains transactions and a hash that others can verify that the combination of transactions, in the order listed in the block, when hashed in a specific way does indeed generate the hash listed in the block.  This is a very unlikely scenario and takes a lot of work to find, but only takes a few milliseconds to verify.  This means that validation of future transactions can happen quickly, but the chance of someone creating a duplicate block that also solves the problem but has some fraudulent, or just differing, information is unlikely.  Once a transaction is included in a block it has happened and everyone can trust that it has happened (and can trust it even more with each additional block after it).  
* Ebay 
If you sell something on ebay and it takes you more than an hour to ship it you will be fine.  6 confirmations is as solid as you need, and if you wait until the next day you are so far beyond safe it makes credit cards and paypal look like monopoly money in comparison.  
I generally wait for one confirmation when buying or selling digital goods.  At this point the chance of getting ripped off for a small amount of bitcoins is absurd.  It would take much more in equipment costs than it would be worth to run a descent scam. 
I hope that helped answer your questions.   
@_date: 2012-09-05 15:31:08
The crazy thing about all that is that "natural born" will most likely be interpreted by the Supreme Court like it has by lower courts in the past to mean "was an American citizen *at birth*" not "born on US soil".  So the entire argument is moot.  Obama had a US citizen parent at his birth.  
For a few reasons that are credible I don't believe it is likely that Obama was born on US soil, but I also believe that it does not matter.  Focusing on the birth certificate keeps us from asking about our co-opted electoral system, the incestuous relationship between the international banks and both quasi-parties of our government, and other actual conspiracies.  Give the theorists a tasty dead-end to nibble on and they are much less of a threat. 
@_date: 2012-03-09 09:41:39
"Google Play"?  Are you fucking kidding me?  These guys are just fucking winging it like the rest of us.  
"Hey, I have an idea, let's call it 'Google Play' because, hey, who doesn't like to play?  Am I right?"
"I think you are on to something.  The 'Android Market' was confusing and too long anyway... I like this 'play' concept you have going there, because, after all, the only kind of apps we have are games, and nothing else.  No business apps, or anything like that.  Let's go with that.  Everyone will know that the icon that says 'play' will take them to a store where they can buy Android apps.  Don't want to call it the 'Android Market' or something redundant like that.  We don't need to condescend to their intelligence by actually labeling it what it is.  Better to let them guess, you know, like inside their head 'Oooh, play, that sounds like FUN' and then BAM! they are buying apps!  And you know what we should do, force them to use the Google Checkout for payment or we, get this, we can threaten to remove their apps from the market.  That's what Steve Jobs would have done, let's do it, he was wildly successful and then died of cancer.  Hmm, maybe it's not true, an apple a day may not save you from cancer.  Sad really.  I rather like apples."
By the end of that I heard myself typing it in Ricky Gervais' voice. 
@_date: 2012-03-07 11:28:02
I [kinda called that]( this morning when I first heard about this bullshit.  I didn't pick up on the overt lies, but I'm glad to see them pointed out.  I do remember the "no chargebacks" thing on their site when I signed up, I'm glad that they found the archive of the TOS.  That really seals the deal for me.
@_date: 2012-10-26 01:20:34
I never said we shouldn't fix it.  I'm saying don't feel entitled to anything.  Provide them with the feedback and appreciate what they do for free.  That's it with open source software.  Just appreciate it.  Suggestions on how to improve are great, but post them on their bug tracker under feature requests and continue appreciating the software. 
@_date: 2012-11-30 17:12:45
I have no problem with AML.  I understand AML.  I understand the laws related to requiring AML.  
What I don't understand is why they don't have a "refund address" to handle problems like this.  They are profiting by preventing the rightful owner of the funds from accessing them.  They allowed a deposit with no intention of returning the funds to the rightful owner, nor allowing them to access them through the Mt. Gox service.  They stole them from the user.  I'm having difficulty finding another word to describe it.  
I fail to see how your logic is valid.  You say I have a concern with AML.  I never said anything about verification.  I said that Mt. Gox could add a "refund address" field and then they would not have the justification of "we can't refund your money because you refuse to verify your account".  They don't want to be able to refund.  In some manner they gain an operational benefit from keeping that money, either in the day-to-day operation of the business, or their profit margins, or their corporate bonuses, or whatever.  They are profiting from depriving their customers access to deposited funds.  
Other sites have a refund address.  Mt. Gox could if they were a legitimate business.  The refund address is necessary regardless of the acronym blamed for them keeping the deposit. 
@_date: 2012-02-10 13:40:17
Technical analysis can only tell you what happened.  Nobody can tell you what will happen.  Technical analysis is an excuse to do what you want to do anyway, but with more confidence. 
@_date: 2012-03-13 17:48:21
As stated elsewhere in this thead, every single bitcoin is divisible down to 0.00000001 btc.  So even if only a few are floating around we can still trade in the currency.
Also, if they buy up all of the bitcoin then the price will shoot through the roof in the process.  I'll gladly sell someone my bitcoin for $5000 each and then just wait for a bitcoin clone to skyrocket in popularity and buy a shitload of those coins.  
Bitcoin is also open-source.  There are already clone networks running, and anyone can fork the code and modify it into their own currency.
Even if they bought up every single bitcoin, and made bitcoin worthless, the concept itself cannot be seized or imprisoned.  The idea is public, it is wide-spread, it will resurge again and again and again as many times as they attempt to kill it.


@_date: 2012-02-25 00:02:58
You obviously don't know what you are talking about.  The person SENDING the money in person-to-person transactions gets to choose what the subject of the payment is.  You have to have a website with a shopping cart webform or set up an ebay auction to be able to set the subject/description yourself. 
So, your advice is not only incorrect, it is wholly inverted from reality.
@_date: 2012-10-25 13:50:34
Maybe bitcoin is growing faster than the dev team is.  If they simply do not have the resources to make it secure and feature-rich then I guess secure will have to do.  Donate time or money towards the technology you want to support.  It's free software and well worth the price even with that drawback.  We have no right to feel entitled to any functionality at all.  Making demands of any sort is uncalled for and outright demeaning of the selfless effort they put into writing the bitcoin client for you, again, for free.  
As far as accessible is concerned, existing at all is infinitely more accessible than not. 
And you can trust whomever you want with your money.  I don't checksum my javascript every time I connect to a website.  Code signing only verifies the author, not code integrity.  If the site wants to swap out the "secure" javascript under your nose, even in the middle of a session, they can.  If you don't trust them with your cash, don't give them your bitcoin.  I only vaguely trust my own computer, I'm not trusting someone else to secure their web server.  You can rant and rave until you are blue in the face, but I know the technology, I work with the technology, I clean up the messes left when others don't secure their networks, and I will never put money in a web wallet I can't afford to lose.  Baseless generic claims as to the security of these services isn't going to convince me otherwise. 
@_date: 2012-01-03 09:21:13
IRC is only used to help find nodes to connect to.  That's it.  After that you have to download each block from nodes you are connected to. 
There are block chain copies out there from various sources of various levels of reputability.  If you really need to download the blockchain as fast as possible you can use them but they are not validated when you load them this way and it is possible, even if very remotely, that the blockchain is a fabrication with a transaction in the past modified.  
So, the blockchain is downloaded in a distributed fashion from the nodes you are connected to.  If you do nothing but start the client it will come down distributed.  If you really want to you can manually download a blockchain copy  from someone but that's completely up to you and probably completely unnecessary.
@_date: 2012-04-18 17:48:17
What if you do not have a facebook or twitter account?  Is it impossible to use?  Would I need to set up a new twitter account just to complete that step? 
Making your service harder to use is never a wise decision.  Implementing a policy as stupid as this may run me away from Dwolla all together.
I really had some high hopes for Dwolla, but they are starting to look somehow worse than PayPal recently. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 17:38:48
Nothing was said about the frequency with which the investment is compounded.  "1% per day, compounded daily" is what you would say.  "365% APR, compounded daily" would be calculated equivalently.  That would net a larger "effective APR" than compounding it yearly, but it is still "365% APR, compounded daily".  I didn't make this shit up, but it seems people around here are perfectly happy doing so themselves.
@_date: 2012-01-24 11:25:03


Actually, just the fact that everyone signs their emails would reduce spam.  The signature doesn't even have to identify you personally, but just needs to be a key that the recipient has whitelisted.  The computational power and delay are relevant, but the primary mechanism would be that every email has an identity, and if not it is suspect.  
This does rely on public key servers though because I can't send you my public key if you can't receive email from me.  Maybe a temporary email address-based whitelist would work to allow someone to send an unsigned email. 
I agree though.  I'd like to see pgp-style signatures become the de-facto standard.  SPF and all that does help, but not nearly enough people even set those records up, and it's really a giant bandage on top of an insufficient and outdated protocol.  
The only problem is that this means everyone has to generate keys and understand how to use them, at least for now.  If email clients all got together and decided they would start popping up a "set up security" wizard when you set up your email in the first place, and explain how signing your emails allows the person on the other end to verify and whitelist your email messages, and prevents anyone from pretending to be you, that it could increase adoption very rapidly.  Combine that with address-book key entries (i.e. each contact has a public key stored for them) to make managing identities easier and you have a very user-friendly implementation. 
@_date: 2012-03-07 03:11:38
Wait ... are you saying Satoshi is ZUCKERBURG‽‽
@_date: 2012-03-09 21:48:16
YAY!  That's EXACTLY what bitcoin needs right now.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 19:38:41
I'm not being pedantic.  I'm being accurate and you are criticizing me for it.  You claimed that I don't understand exponential growth without any evidence. 
@_date: 2012-11-29 16:49:52
I'm pretty sure from previous stories around these parts that you should consider your bitcoins stolen. 
They are common thieves.  They don't need to refund them.  If you are unwilling to identify yourself then you obviously won't sue them.  Honestly, what recourse might they face?  Absolutely nothing.
And they are the biggest exchange so they don't fear public shaming.  A little complaining here and there doesn't hurt them.  Anyone who reads this is going to assume you are selling drugs on Silk Road and don't deserve the money refunded anyway ... because if you are interested in privacy you are *obviously* guilty of something.  
Good luck.  I quit doing any and all business with Mt. Gox a while back and haven't missed them.  There are better solutions out there that need to grow, go put your effort into increasing their volume and drawing traffic away from Mt. Gox.  
Until they offer a lockable refund address where they can refund your bitcoins in the case of a problem like this they are making it obvious that they intend to steal from their customers.  Every other stupid little bitcoin site has a refund address ... but Mt. Gox just simply forgot to put the field there?  Fuck that.  It was intentional.  
@_date: 2012-01-25 23:29:07
The wallet.dat is not access to the bank account, it IS the bank account.  So duplicating the wallet.dat file would be like opening two bank accounts and expecting the same money to be in both.  Instead, make it so you can access the same account from both locations, by carrying it on a thumb drive or by using software like dropbox.  
It is a good analogy and demonstrates that it is the access itself you want to duplicate and not the data/account you are accessing. 
@_date: 2012-11-29 17:12:10
There is no regulation that they must keep the money.  If they cannot open the account then the bank must refund the money.  
Mt. Gox needs to add a "refund address" field like every other [legitimate] bitcoin site has.  Until they do this we can assume that stolen deposits figure into their profitability. 
@_date: 2012-11-30 18:14:41
They could have refused to accept the money if they know it is coming from a known TOR exit node.  You must concede, or show yourself to be ignoring simple logic, that in those cases Mt. Gox is accepting money they can be confident they will not be refunding.  In those cases they could require AML before presenting a deposit address to the user. 
Furthermore, there are other situations where having the refund address would be extremely useful.  By not having one available when such a thing is a ubiquitous element of bitcoin services indicates they have chosen not to supply one intentionally.  *Even if they chose not to utilize it in cases where they believe the law requires them to hold the funds the field would still be useful in other cases*.  
I've put forward my rationale behind my belief.  If that is not enough then go on believing whatever you want.  You don't seem to see the logic of my argument, and I can't really help you understand something you refuse to consider. 
Also, their terms of service did not historically contain the prohibition about using TOR.  I believe it was due to an upset customer complaining here on a while back that prompted that change.  I'm sure it will take more wailing and gnashing of teeth to get them to request AML prior to accepting any deposits.  They are not a proactive company, but a reactive one.
@_date: 2012-04-16 17:16:00
That's how much it is worth to people right now. 
@_date: 2012-08-24 09:01:58
Right, I covered that.  365% APR compounded daily or weekly or monthly is MUCH MORE than compounded annually.  The effective annual return would be more than 3000% if it is compounded weekly.  The effective return is much more than the APR when it is compounded more frequently.  We all know that by now in this thread.  Every single person has articulated that fact one way or another.  I'm glad you got your chance too.  We all know that 365% APR compounded weekly is more than 3000% return on the investment.  Thank you again.
@_date: 2012-01-26 07:46:29
[Here]( is BitcoinMedia's take on it.  For the most part people said it was a pretty good portrayal of bitcoin.  Some are concerned that they say that bitcoin is illegal in the episode, but that's some artistic license they took to increase the drama in the episode.  By the end of it the episode has a very positive message. 
@_date: 2012-03-07 05:06:53
I didn't expect that argument.  Good form. 
@_date: 2012-01-24 11:02:20
Trucrypt hidden operating system.
One password decrypts the entire volume but does not know about a hidden volume that the "entire" volume overlaps.  This volume can be mounted with a parameter saying "be nice and don't write to this offset" or it can be opened without the protection and may write to the hidden area without knowledge of it's existence, it appears as blank space.  If you are forced by anyone to reveal the contents of your hidden volume you can provide them with this password.  If you are booting the decoy encrypted operating system you can do it with the parameter that says to be nice to your further hidden volume. 
The second password loads a hidden volume at a specific offset which is otherwise unmarked.  This volume is your actual encrypted volume where you do your secret spy work, or whatever.
Now, if compelled to provide the encryption keys you can simply give the decoy passphrase.  They can image the drive and the decrypted data from the hidden range will simply be all 0s as it was not valid data.  This region is indistinguishable from blank space without the hidden volume's encryption key. 
This can also be combined with a third level where you have a "normal" operating system as a further level of decoy.  For example you could have Windows XP on the first partition as an unencrypted drive.  Then you could have a second partition that is encrypted with Truecrypt.  This could also have a third volume inside of that where you do your super secret spy work. 
This could also go as many levels as you want, with increasing levels of difficulty keeping all the damn encryption keys safe.  One aspect to this technique is being able to remember all of the encryption keys.  You may want to choose phrases instead of random numbers and letters.  Use nonsensical phrasing and add punctuation or numbers in it to make it more difficult to guess, but you can come up with a long passphrase that you can easily remember that is cryptographically strong.  For example:


This is as hard to guess as any random letters/numbers, upper/lower, at least one punctuation password of the same length, but you can make up a little story in your head to remember it.  This allows insanely difficult to crack, yet easy to remember passwords.  Just be sure to use a fairly-random method of selecting the words for the phrase to prevent contextual information from leaking into the contents.
Also, write your passwords on cigarette paper if you are worried you have to carry them with you because you can then eat the paper if necessary and cigarette paper is much easier to eat than normal paper.  If you are unable to recall the password in this case the data can be lost forever and you could face contempt of court for refusing to provide the information if they do not believe you are unable to remember it.  This generally works better with a hidden copy of the password stored elsewhere.
Just some of my thoughts on the subject.  Obviously don't do anything I said if you think it sounds like legal advice, it isn't.  I'm some anonymous asshole on the internet, not your lawyer, so ignore everything I said, including this paragraph. 
@_date: 2012-03-08 17:51:59
I think that's half of it.  The other half is that they made a promise they could not keep, and did not plan for chargebacks in their business model.  Instead of being honest, eating the $100,000 and publicly changing their TOS they just lied and hid, showing that they are just any other financial company.
I don't think that they intended to be, but they jumped in to the viper den and in order to survive they must grow some fangs.  They may not have intended to become just another bank, but at the first sign of adversity they responded like a bank.  The industry has consumed them.
@_date: 2012-01-22 10:23:33
And Mt. Gox has probably already used more than their share. 
@_date: 2012-08-28 22:56:12
If the corporate world was not ready for cash then they would not use it.  
Every precaution you listed and more applies to bitcoin except the fact that bitcoins are infinitely more traceable and trackable than cash due to the public blockchain.  So, technically, bitcoin is better suited for the purpose of maintaining accountability.  
Your premise is illogical and has been shown to be so.  We can move on to other things now.  
@_date: 2012-01-23 07:00:00
No.  They just have to be made in jest.  I even acknowledged that it may not have been a *good* joke, but it was intended to be humorous, and therefore it was, indeed, by definition, a joke.  Your continued criticism  of my failed attempt at humor is unnecessary.  I get that you did not think it was funny.  Thank you for the feedback.  I will take your notes into consideration in future attempts at humor.  
@_date: 2012-01-18 07:43:18
I have a ticket open with them about a much larger amount that has been held and they have not responded in the last 5 days.  
They have not even assigned the ticket to a CSR yet.  I don't know what is going on over there but I have to assume them having their bank account closed probably screwed them over pretty badly.  I'm guessing the funds for my check I ordered are probably tied up in that account or they would have released it.  Or they are currently sobbing in a bathtub chugging a bottle of whiskey as the new support requests pile up.  
I have always had good customer service from them.  They have always been very responsive to emails and issues.  This new lack of customer service really concerns me. 
@_date: 2012-11-30 19:10:06
You are making this far too complex.  I'm saying they apply the *existing rules* for marking an account as needing AML *before* they display a receive address.  
That's not complex, nor is it unreasonable.  Your verbose attempt to mischaracterize such a simple concept leads me to draw conclusions as to your motivations.  
Mt. Gox have established rules determining when an account needs AML.  They could automatically apply those checks prior to accepting payment, but they do not.  
Memory is not an assumption.  
You are just full of misrepresentations today.  I'm done.  Have a good day.
@_date: 2012-01-19 04:44:55
Nice try Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2012-12-02 17:52:15
I've had some time to think about my previous response and would like to elaborate.  I think I should have drawn more attention to the fact that the text included with my submission tries to point out that there aren't any other "better" alternatives.  Your question is absurd, and my previous statements indicate that I really don't know of any "better" alternative.  
You have to go make them.  Until you ditch Mt. Gox and put your volume on another exchange *there are no "better" alternatives*.  I don't know how I should be expected to come up with a list of "better" alternatives after admitting that there are none, and suggesting that you (collectively, not you specifically) choose one you like and start using it.
Even if I told you one it would defeat the purpose and overarching point I'm making above.  I want *you* to choose one *you* like and support the hell out of it.  Everyone should pick the ones that provide features and services that they each individually like and we will see a natural "survival of the fittest".  But until we start doing that, none of them have enough volume to be "better" than Mt. Gox.  They have a de facto monopoly right now.  That, and my definition of "better" is probably vastly different than yours.
@_date: 2012-05-16 06:46:20
But I don't have a "special" account with dwolla ... am I allowed to conduct business in BTC?  Do I need written permission too? 
@_date: 2012-08-19 19:41:02
Right,  So an investment with an APR of 10% compounded monthly has a much higher effective annual return than 10%.  The APR is just a statement of information, much like MPG, that is divorced from the duration of the investment.  I could get 10% APR on a loan that only lasted 1 month, or I could get 365% APR compounded weekly and get a much higher return on my investment than 365%.  Because APR is just a ratio.  When I say my car gets 50 MPG it will get that for EVERY mile, not just if I use an entire gallon.  
@_date: 2012-01-22 22:54:49
Obviously.  Which is pretty much the only thing that makes my statement funny.  It may not be a *good* joke, but I thought it was obviously a joke.  
@_date: 2012-09-05 18:39:23
If the law retroactively applies then he was retroactively a citizen at birth... probably.  I'd have to see the ruling on that one if he was elected and if the supreme court heard it to know how they would rule.  If the law made him a citizen at birth it probably would have been considered "natural" as opposed to "naturalized" (did he apply for citizenship through the naturalization process?).  
The thing is we can't know until the suit is resolved.  We can't bring suit unless we are damaged.  We aren't damaged because it is "absurd" to challenge the sitting president's qualifications after he has been elected.  So, in effect, you are right.  While the protection exists, it is unlikely if not impossible to actually challenge it, even if the claims had credibility.  My point is that the entire argument is a non-argument.  It is a dead-end that wastes our time and keeps us from poking into the banker-fueled wars and the leaks and the real conspiracies that would actually embarrass them. 
@_date: 2012-03-14 01:11:42
It's shitty laundry detergent too.  Probably one of the worst available.  The ONLY thing it has going for it is marketing, and it seems they can't even do that right anymore.  
@_date: 2012-01-28 06:44:54
Edit: read further down, you are not in the USA so um, nevermind.  Sometimes I take our postal service for granted.  
WAT?  I can't tell if you are serious or trolling like a motherfucker. 
Addresses are handled by the US Postal Service.  The zip+4 code is a specific entry for your specific address in a registered database of registered addresses.  
If you want to add an apartment or unit number you might be able to get away with that, but as far as just making up an address between two numbers on a street and putting up a mailbox, um.  Wow.  I can't, don't, I'm speechless.  I hope you at least know that even numbers are on one side and odd on the other.  
Seriously, what the fuck?
@_date: 2012-03-09 05:15:27
It cycles through the images at the very bottom of the page.  I went looking for it a while back because I didn't see it at a cursory glance.  I'm not sure why, but reddit's image selection algorithm has a crush on Zuckerburg's face.
@_date: 2012-03-14 00:25:17
Is this true?  It was the first thing that crossed my mind when I read it.
@_date: 2012-11-29 18:48:47
I was making no point about ID.  The point is about refunding the account in the case that they choose not to open the account after receiving and accepting a deposit.  
Since you brought it up, if the bank teller cached a check during the account creation process and then found out later that the attempted customer did not have the proper identification documents, they would simply refund the money.  There is no reason they would keep the money, and to do so would be theft.  
So, you are both correct and make a wholly irrelevant point.  Yes, if the teller accepted payment before asking for ID they would still ask you for ID.  I have no idea how that relates to the point I was making.
@_date: 2012-11-29 17:08:57
How are they justified in keeping the deposit?  Would not adding a "refund address" field allow them to close the account and refund the money, just like a real bank would?
@_date: 2012-08-26 16:00:21
Wandered around for a bit, that is not the "tl;dr" summary, nor does it answer any of the questions of the OP.  
The most important answer being: Did ANYONE get ANY amount of refund, or was the "I'll refund everyone this week" a bluff to buy time and cash out somehow?  
It has been a week.  He drew the line in the sand, did he cross it or prove himself to be a charlatan?  That's all we really need to know.
@_date: 2012-01-25 21:35:10
Store your wallet.dat on removable media and modify the shortcut you use to launch the application to have the correct switch to load your wallet.dat from your thumb drive.
You could also maybe keep your wallet.dat encrypted and stored in a service like dropbox.  You would still have to change the launcher to point to the alternate directory for the wallet.dat file, but it would be bidirectional synchronization. 
This is like asking why you have to get different money out of the ATM when you leave your cash at home.  Sure, digital currency could be made to not have that problem, but in this case there are technical issues with having two different wallet.dat files as they will diverge and eventually show different balances.  
@_date: 2012-11-30 18:02:59
If you are trying to claim they *must* keep the money then we can easily demonstrate that that is not true.  They have allegedly refunded a number of people who made "a big stink" about it.  Since they *can* refund, we know that they simply *won't*.  If they refund in some cases then they are arbitrarily keeping some money.  Especially if they know your connection is actively coming from a known TOR exit node, they could refuse to accept the deposit.  In those cases Mt. Gox have no justification for their actions.  
@_date: 2012-01-13 23:17:15
The phone number in their contact info on their legal page at the bottom (503-446-6127) rings fast busy.  Is that a bad sign?
@_date: 2012-01-18 12:09:22
Funniest part:


I also found it as helpful as those 0 people.  
I think Intersango is going to get more of my business from now on.  This is just getting creepy.  "We are too invasive in our unnecessary exploitation of your privacy and people were trying to use our site without having to give us a DNA sample, so now we want you to find a special kind of notary to do a special kind of notarization and if we don't like it we will just keep your money... for *your* protection of course". 
@_date: 2012-11-29 19:19:12
Then Mt. Gox should stop accepting bitcoin it would seem.  If they cannot run a legitimate business using bitcoin as a funding option then they cannot legally run a legitimate business.  It's sad, but unless they lobby the Japanese government to change the laws they cannot ethically run their business according to your logic.
@_date: 2012-12-04 01:16:48
I got a sinking feeling reading this post.  This is not acceptable.  
@_date: 2012-08-29 01:45:35




Maybe that will help clear up my previous statements which you seem to have completely ignored.
@_date: 2012-01-16 05:19:16
You mean like [this]( 
@_date: 2012-11-30 19:47:13
1. They already have a list of IP addresses that they beleieve are TOR exit nodes.  
2. When you connect to the TOR network you receive a list of all public TOR exit nodes so that your TOR client can connect to them.  This fact alone makes your entire assertion absurd. 
3. As I said before, Mt. Gox already have an internal definition of TOR exit node which applies to AML.  All I'm saying is that the SAME list could be applied to the connection before the site displays a receive address to the user.  
There is no fucking reason to keep on about this bullshit.  You are harping on idiotic points that refute logic.  You are asserting that checking an array in memory when the client connects is "way to complex and way too open to abuse"?  They already have the list of IP addresses and they already check that and flag the account.  If the account has already been flagged for AML they could simply check that status, without invoking the same "is this string of numbers in this list of strings of numbers" algorithm again.  
You don't understand the problem technically, practically, or legally.  I have nothing to gain by continuing to converse with you.  I'm sorry if that sounds rude but you are wasting my time.  
@_date: 2012-06-19 15:02:34
I didn't say a "better place than reddit" I said "a better reddit".  Your comment basically tells me you missed my point entirely. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 17:14:13
I'm going to cut this short.  You just want a fight.  I stand by my previous statements and analogies (I never said he committed a crime, go read what I said again).  I never invested and will be disappointed that I did not if the payments come back.  I'm interested in this as a spectator, which you apparently are not.  Either that or you base your self worth on your ability to win an argument on the internet.  Either way, I have shit to do today and it does not involve this petty drama.  
@_date: 2012-11-29 18:44:11
The problem is that with bitcoin you can send people money without their requesting it or wanting it.  The solution is a refund address. 
These things will eventually be abstracted out, we are basically dealing with the raw protocol for all intents and purposes at this point.  Rudimentary methods of abstracting these cryptic and cumbersome hashes we call "addresses" are already popping up with services that shorten addresses to unique prefixes and the like.  As time goes on we will abstract bitcoin out to be as usable and easily understood as EFT and ACH.  At that time we will be looking at refund addresses being a requisite feature for any legitimate payment processor, as it will be as absurd to send bitcoin without a refund address as it would be to use a technology like ACH, EFT, FEDWIRE, or any other electronic currency transfer system without the ability for the receiving institution to reverse the transaction. 
My point is that refunding a payment to a designated address is just like allowing the sending ACH party to identify themselves in such a way that they can receive the returned funds should the transaction be later declined by the receiving party.  
I fail to see how initiating the industry-standard practice of allowing the customer to provide an address for refunds would cause any more headache than their current policy.  I say that because it is very clear to me that they get complaints and have to deal with these problems.  If they had a button in the administrative interface that simply liquidated any non-BTC holdings at market value and refunded the account to a pre-set and locked refund address with one click, then that would save them time.  
Since they cannot block them, which I never suggested because it is  basically impossible, they must make it effortless to refund, and ensure that the refund address is set at account creation and cannot be changed.  
@_date: 2012-08-26 16:11:38
If he has a scheme to make more than 7% interest per week WHY THE FUCK WOULD HE SELL THE COMMODITY THAT DOES THAT FOR HIM?
Here is what happened:
1. It was a ponzi, and it's done.  
2. He doesn't need investors anymore and created a controversy which caused a revolt and gave him an excuse to refund the money. 
I have heard nobody say they have received any refunds from him, but I have not heard anyone say they have not.  As soon as someone admits to putting $20,000 USD worth of bitcoins into a probable ponzi scheme we will know the answer, but nobody is willing to admit that.  
Since nobody is willing to admit they got a refund, we must assume that they did not and are too embarrassed to admit losing 2000 BTC.  Had they received a refund they would be proudly boasting that their intuition served them well.  
If I had a way to make more than 7% per week with an investment scheme I would do EXACTLY the same thing.  As soon as my own earned interest equaled the pool necessary for such earnings I would phase out the investors.  That is just lost profit at that point.  Getting rid of them without revealing the mechanism, and without causing a virtual lynching may be difficult, better to get them to run in droves by causing uncertainty and confusion, then blame those who leave for shutting the entire system down.  
It all depends on whether he paid out or not this last week.  If he did not then ponzi is most plausible.  If he did pay out then he probably does not need investors any longer to make the investment system work.
So, there is only one question: Did Pirateat40 pay out as promised? 
@_date: 2012-12-18 16:23:57
And, for the purposes of clarity, define "normal" in this context. All kinds of people use bitcoin for all sorts of reasons.  It is not abnormal to use bitcoin, nor is it abnormal to not use it.  If a business did not accept American Express does that make them abnormal, or would the customer be considered abnormal for attempting to use American Express?  Neither is appropriate, it just happens that form of payment is not accepted because of reasons. 
@_date: 2012-01-27 01:12:24
I have to correct you on one point, after ONE confirmation it becomes highly unlikely it will be reversed, and each subsequent confirmation becomes increasingly unlikely with 6 being nearly impossible for it to be reversed. 
When compared to other currencies and payment systems 1 confirmation is astoundingly less likely to be reversed as to make any site that requires 6 confirmations absolutely paranoid.  Exchanges need to be paranoid to some extent, but normal retail sites that take 24 hours to ship, or are selling digital goods that don't cost much anyway, should not worry about waiting 6 confirmations.  That's irrational. 
So, I'm just correcting your "unlikely" at 6, unlikely is when the unconfirmed transaction comes in, "improbable" is at 1 confirmation, and "nearly impossible" happens at 6.  
@_date: 2012-01-06 06:34:50
Upvote. Made me laugh.  
@_date: 2012-09-24 12:08:07
How exactly do news organizations set ISO standards?  I thought the ISO were independent.  I guess money buys standards as well as legislation.  I never considered the ISO lapdogs until today.   I never considered them *not* lapdogs either, but now I have an opinion.
@_date: 2012-03-07 02:47:39
I love how every forbes.com link has zuckerburg as the thumbnail pic.  I never read them.  Ever.  Well, I have one not too long ago but it was about something very interesting to me.  But other than that one time I have never read any of these just because of zuckerburg's ugly face smiling at me like he is some kind of Forbes' spokes-model.
@_date: 2012-03-09 20:47:57
By that I mean they spent millions of dollars to come up with something a 12 year old could have suggested in 30 seconds.  I made my arguments, I stand by them.  You just told me they wasted a ton of time and money on an insignificant choice of color.  Again, they could have asked a 12 year old which one they liked and got an acceptable answer in 30 seconds for free.  
You are defending stupidity with an example of absurdity.
@_date: 2012-08-19 20:15:03
As an additional note, I actually don't trade based on direct reasons.  I watch the market and then choose, for myself, when to buy or sell.  When I do so I take full responsibility for pushing the button and I hope that I am correct.
When trading in any market there is only one rule: Nobody knows what is going to happen.  When you execute a buy or sell order you don't know what direction the market is going to turn between you hitting the button and the request being served by the process that executes the buys and sells, let alone entire minutes later.  
No candlestick graph, magic totem, hypothetical scenario, or trading algorithm can tell you the future.  No amount of artificial control over the market guarantees the ability to predict the future.  When we decide to execute a trade we are merely hoping we are right.  So I circumvent all the voodoo and own my choices.  Sure, I use reasons to justify my decision, but I try to use facts instead of demonstrably invalid hypotheticals.  And in the end I just simply own the action: "I sold X bitcoins at Y price".  Why?  Because I chose to.
And don't take my statements as an exclusive criticism on your actions.  All humans do this to some extent.  We choose and then collect biased evidence as to why we were right about our choice.  It is better to delay the action of choice until after review, however that is simply not how our minds tend to work.  I'm not sure if that is a phenotypical or genotypical expression of the human being, but either way it seems to be fairly universal from my experience and observation. 
@_date: 2012-06-25 18:00:21
It is not that I feel they must accept bitcoin, or that their refusal to do so is any kind of slight against the currency itself.  Instead, it seems, based on the wording, not to be a neutral point of view from which that statement was written.  There are many other excuses they could put there than "but bitcoin isn't a *real* currency with an army of corrupt international bankers and violent functionaries enforcing a consistently decreasing value of the currency" (paraphrased).
That statement seems to say a lot more about wikimedia than it does about their reasons for not accepting bitcoin. 
@_date: 2012-01-26 07:48:58
It is like opening two bank accounts with the same initial money as the deposit, but as time goes on the accounts will reflect different balances as you consume the pre-generated addresses that the client puts in a wallet.dat file when it generates it.
I understand how the wallet works. I appreciate your attempt to set me straight, but you assume I don't understand the way the wallet.dat works.  Go back and read some of my other comments in this very thread, I explain that problem with pre-generated keys in more detail.  It is NOT just a set of keys, it BEHAVES as the actual account because you have to use SAME wallet.dat for the transactions to be sure that it will continue to have the same keys in it.  Because the new keys are stored in the active wallet.dat it BEHAVES more like the account in the analogy, and not like the keyring.  Sure, bitcoin works that way, but it doesn't work that way.  It may have the mechanics of a keyring, but it performs the duty, and is best described as the account, and not the online-banking website that gets you to your bank account.
In order to properly use it from multiple locations you must treat it as the account itself and pretend it isn't a keyring, because it behaves more like the account.  You must "pretend" if you will, that it is the account so that you can understand that you must duplicate your ACCESS to the file, and not the file itself. 
You just failed to grock the analogy is all.  I was being accurate in application, not in function, since the function of bitcoin is so distinct from the operation of a traditional bank account that you must describe it somewhat inaccurately, functionally anyway, to properly illustrate the way in which you must treat the wallet.dat when attempting to duplicate access to the information. 
It would be dangerous for you to go around telling people they can just copy their wallet.dat file and it will work perfectly, because, as you described, it would not.  So using the metaphor of the wallet.dat file being the bank account you can describe the way in which you must treat the file without having to explain in detail the mechanics of the wallet.dat, which are irrelevant to it's application in most cases.  I have actually done both in this comment thread.
Edit: expounded and clarified. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 16:58:49
You start off calling it a scam and then say the worst case is he pays out.  You seem to be cheering on the collapse.  Your second paragraph shows some capacity for logic, but your assumption that it was a scam is unwarranted.  It leaves me confused and assuming your intention is  to manipulate me in some way.  Why would someone capable of logic preface their comment with an unsupported claim if not to forward their ideological agenda?
The lack of evidence does not support the assumption that a crime was committed.  Likewise, since we know nothing about the mechanism by which the interest is earned we cannot assume that it was a scam until such evidence is presented.  We have been given a deadline, a measurable metric by which we can ascertain whether the investment was legitimate or a scam.  If the money is returned then it was not a scam.  Once the money has not been returned you can begin correctly calling it a scam, until then it is unsupported slander and your motivations are suspect. 
@_date: 2012-01-24 13:32:33
I cannot prove it does not exist, therefore, lacking evidence that it does, it does not for all intents and purposes.  
Sure, I can know that hidden vaults exist in SOME houses, but without evidence that a hidden room or vault exists in THIS house I cannot prove that it exists. 
@_date: 2012-11-29 19:15:11
I didn't say they don't provide legitimate services.  Every scam relies on the semblance of legitimacy, and often hide behind legitimate activity in order to perpetuate their fraud.  It is where the word "con" in "con man" comes from.  It means "Confidence".  It is where the concept of a "front" organization comes from.  You know the legitimate "front" that is displayed to the public while drugs/gambling/etc goes on in the back.  
No dry cleaners or restaurant has ever run poker or drugs out of the back.  Ever.  After all, if they provide a legitimate service there is absolutely no way anyone should ever consider they would have any interest in breaking the law.  What a laughable position to assert. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 16:19:40
I never put much thought into it until the other day when he was bragging about moving the market.  Either he is, or he isn't, but bragging about it tells me he probably isn't.  Seriously, who would brag on IRC if they actually possessed the capacity to move the market?  Either he can and has demonstrated some VERY poor judgement, or he cannot and is a false braggart.  
When I heard recently that he was shutting down I was not at all surprised.  Bitcoin is growing faster than any of these opportunistic assholes expected it to, and they are losing their grip on the market.  They may give it gentle nudges here and there, but the market is a beast that does not acquiesce to any one person's demands. 
@_date: 2012-02-24 22:11:12
On other items "custom orders" are not refundable by paypal's policies (so I have heard, I have not tracked this down but this info is from a third party).  If you put "Custom Order" in the product description it may protect you to some extent. 
I don't think that applies for stolen accounts though.  If you do business with a stolen account you may be out of luck on the chargeback.  Just something I heard on another reddit post that sounded interesting.
@_date: 2012-05-06 19:02:53
The bitcoins cannot be seized.  The criminals in your scenario should have made a backup and then they could just reclaim their money by sending the coins to a new wallet not in control of the government, and then hopefully hire a lawyer with them. 
If they did not then the police would probably just let the coins rot and eventually destroy them.  If there was a very large number of them they may sue them (yes the coins, not the people, since objects do not have rights so they can sue objects without providing a defense) and get a judgement against them (yes, again, the bitcoins, I know it is absurd) and then they would be able to sell them.  I'm sure if they were worth many thousands of dollars they would probably find a way to monetize on them.
Hell, the government probably owns a great deal of bitcoins already.  Do you think the DEA are not making controlled buys on Silk Road?  Hell, half the dealers on there are probably DEA agents getting the addresses of their competition.  I'm sure some green cash could be moved around to put the bitcoins in the hands of the agents who actually use them.
Other departments are probably using bitcoins, or at least deal with them in their operations.  I'm sure if there was a valuable resource the government would find a way to turn it into operating capital.  Worst case they auction off the wallet file to the highest bidder. 
So in my mind it depends on the value of the bitcoins.  A small number would probably be abandoned or destroyed.  A large number would be auctioned off, or abandoned/destroyed out of sheer ineptitude.  If they know what they have, and there is no reason they wouldn't if they took down bitcoin-related criminals, then they are going to find some way to monetize on the seized asset, or use it operationally.  
The real thing to take away from this is that the government cannot seize your bitcoin assets if you have a backup of the addresses and are fast enough at recovering them.  If they send them off to another address then you are too slow, but no other bank account allows you to make a withdrawal after it is seized.  
@_date: 2012-12-02 17:36:32
The other problem is that you may have sent it from a service like Mt. Gox that pools the funds and may even move them around from one wallet to another.  The BTC issued by the site may have previously been sent to an internal address or a deposit address for another user.  
If the refund goes to the last address the bitcoins were sent to prior to their's then there is a very good chance in many cases it will be either credited to another user or absorbed by the system without any explanation.  What I mean by that is if it were an internal address the application (e.g. Mt. Gox's internal BTC software) would need to have a record of having sent the money and an explanation.  If BTC shows up out of the blue it will only serve to upset the assumed balances in various wallets versus the actual value those wallets would report.  
This is not unique to bitcoin either.  Other money transfer systems can be processed in other locations and by other parties.  If an ACH payment did not have instructions for refunding to the originating party and instead the receiving party just dropped the cash in an envelope and mailed it, without explanation, to the giant processing center in Mesa Arizona that last handled the transaction there would be chaos.  Similarly, you can't just send a bitcoin transaction to the last person that handled it.  You have to look at the extra information that came in with the transaction and find out what address the refund should actually be sent to, including more information to explain the transaction (i.e. an email would be sent to the email address on file for the customer, or the support ticket updated to explain what is going on).  
I explained elsewhere in this thread how bitcoin right now is the closest we will ever get to the end-user directly interfacing with the protocol itself.  The mechanism by which ACH transactions are moved around has many various fields and pieces of information that are tagged onto the specific aspects of the protocol that handle the actual transfer of money.  Bitcoin doesn't have the interface to set these variables yet, but the protocol allows for them.  For example, plain-text or encrypted messages can be included into the transaction.  Multiple keys can be used to gain access to the funds in a transaction, or N-of-M (e.g. 3 of 7) keys required to access the funds.  These mechanisms can be used to add features, such as "refund address" fields that can be included into the transaciton itself at the time the transaction is initiated, ensuring the sending party has chosen the address themselves.  
As time goes on these features will start to show up in the software that allows us to send BTC to each other.  The address book will become more robust, the addresses abstracted out to more human-accessible formats, and additional features will be included into the interface we use to send BTC to the point that all of those features will become the "built-in" features.  We won't see setting a separate address in a web interface as an extra-protocol communication.  Informational, routing and security data will be able to be included with the messages instead of necessitating email or support ticket systems to communicate textual information.  
We, as the pioneers, must think critically and accurately about this protocol and honestly admit its limitations.  Having to put the refund address into the interface of the web application opens up all sorts of problems, and we rightfully see it as being beyond the bitcoin protocol.  It would be nice if there were a way to know which of the previous addresses belonged to the actual sender from within the protocol.  Since we can't do that inside the protocol yet, we must accept that limitation and send the information using non-standardized methods, each service dictating the methods.  
@_date: 2012-01-26 08:51:27
That is a very good point.  If the market is prepared for the movement there will be a much larger shelf to overcome.  It is probably more likely to move quickly when the press coverage is unexpected or the extent of he coverage was not anticipated.  
Much like APR-MAY 2011 when it spread virally though the media and shot up to $30 in a very short timeframe.  That media coverage, and resulting response, could not have been easily or accurately predicted, while the nature of the episode in question here means that we knew exactly what date it was airing and were able to set our asks appropriately to absorb the onslaught of bids.  
This really does explain the behavior concisely. 
@_date: 2012-03-07 03:08:05
They probably responded to the service of papers by sending TradeHill a printed copy of their FAQ instead of actually reading the correspondence.
If TradeHill is telling the truth here then it's pretty alarming in the way that Dwolla has treated them.  The primary complaint on TradeHill's part is that Dwolla never properly responded to nor addressed their concerns.  They just blew them off and refused to resolve the situation.  
Dwolla says "they are slinging mud", but for some reason I believe TradeHill on this one.  I'm not sure why.  Dwolla did respond correctly (that is if it is true that they have not actually been served) and professionally.  They know how to keep their image clean.  They responded without saying anything.  That's exactly what I would expect from a company in their market sector.
I will have to have to run to Costco and get a case of popcorn because I'm going to watch how this plays out. 
@_date: 2012-09-05 23:17:10
It may be tautological, but it makes a point.  If he has been made a citizen at birth by decree he is still someone who was never "nationalized" through the nationalization process.  He was made a natural citizen, and if that retroactively applied then he was a citizen at birth now that that law applies.  
So, do you have an answer as to whether that law was retroactive or if he has only been a citizen since he was 3 years old?  That would actually be something useful to add to the conversation.  But instead you added something effectively meaningless.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 16:26:43
Monday will tell us what the price has settled at.  I'm watching, but it's not real to me until real trading is happening to stabilize the market.
@_date: 2012-09-05 15:24:07
Bitcoin has ruined Hollywood.  How will they rescue the kidnap victim without paying the ransom in movies now? 
@_date: 2012-11-30 16:59:32
Practically, Mt. Gox is only allowed to use the funds to bolster their reserves and make a profit by preventing the rightful owner access to their funds. 
@_date: 2012-03-14 02:37:08
I bet THIS ONE will last.  
@_date: 2012-11-30 19:15:19
You are making more assumptions than I am.  I have no idea why you feel the need to defend their deception and theft.  I'm really not interested in continuing this discussion with you, honestly because you brought my username into it.  I use it as an idiot filter.  If you stoop that low, you don't have an argument.  
1. They have a list of what they believe are TOR exit nodes.
2. They use that list to flag accounts as needing AML.
3. They *could* check that list before displaying a receive address.
4. They *could* also add an emergency "refund address" field to help in cases where they did not properly pre-screen the account.
5. They have not done 3 or 4 above.
That's all I'm saying.  You can draw other conclusions from the above facts if you want, but asserting those things repeatedly won't sway my beliefs about the situation.  Their actions are despicable.  If the law mandates despicable actions then the actions are no less despicable.
I've presented my arguments, if those are not sufficient to sway your opinion then I have nothing further to add.  I am tired of arguing with someone to whom logic is repugnant. 
@_date: 2012-01-26 07:54:06
I'm still holding onto my coins for the long-haul here, but I like to use what I guess you would call "game theory" to figure out the motivations of others in the market.  I think there was a lot of build-up for the episode and then confusion and resignation when there was not a spike within a few days of the episode.  I say this because it generally trends upwards until the day the episode aired, and then it does a bit of a reversal.
The other event I'm looking forward to is the day the generated bitcoins go from 50 to 25 per block.  That should also eventually increase the value of bitcoins.  I'm not sure how quickly that will begin to take effect, I'm sure that a lot of miners will bail and there will be some flux there, but it is interesting to consider.  As far as I'm concerned there will be many events that increase the value and it is only the short-term day traders that sway the market on a day to day basis by expecting short-term gains. 
@_date: 2012-01-26 07:59:28
Yeah, exactly.  "Scumbag FED" or something.  "Promises economic stability through central bank" ... "Causes orchestrated collapses every 20-50 years for the benefit of the ultra-wealthy". 
@_date: 2012-08-28 19:13:37
The corporate world is not ready for cash then.  
@_date: 2012-01-01 20:06:14
Wait what?  I almost get what you are saying, but who cares if I graffiti it on the ceiling of Grand Central Station, if they get the key, they get the key.
The point of the 5th amendment is that you don't have to tell ANYONE in ANY WAY under oath ANYTHING... EVER.  Not even "by proxy through your lawyer". 
I've encrypted my laptop even though I primarily use it as a thin client using rdesktop and ssh to connect to other systems to do real work.  Even though I store no data of any importance I have encrypted the hard drive simply so that if it is ever imaged or seized I can be confident that my privacy, and the privacy of my friends, family and clients is protected.  I don't travel much but when I do I don't consent to any unnecessary or invasive searches.  I have memorized the encryption key (greater than 12 characters) and it is written nowhere.  The information only exists in my brain and to retrieve it would require my testimony, which I can simply refuse to give.  
I'm not even talking about traveling internationally.  I'm concerned about my government ... actually, traveling internationally I'm much more concerned about ICE being abusive than I am any other country's customs agents).  Point is, the only agents with "federal" in their name I trust with my laptop are employees of "Federal Express".
@_date: 2012-08-26 16:55:21
I thought today was the last day of the week he said he was going to refund within.  Did he move the date?  Has he refunded ANYONE? 
@_date: 2012-08-19 17:09:09
His full nickname is Pirateat40.  Simple story is he presented an investment opportunity that paid out 365% APR (or 1% per day).  He refused to tell anyone how to do it for fear they would compete with him.  Everyone assumes this means it is probably a ponzi (including myself).  
Months later he has enough bitcoins himself to do whatever he is doing to make that kind of money and says to all of his investors that the opportunity dried up (since he doesn't need them anymore).  He offers to refund all of the money that the investors lent him and is accused of running a ponzi for sure even though the deadline for refunds has not yet passed and any definitive claims are obvious attempts to depress the market further. 
So now everyone is eagerly attempting to be right about whether it was a ponzi or not before any real evidence is presented.  I'm sure it will make them feel better if it turns out to be a ponzi, because then they can make all the investors feel stupid, and they feel great about never having invested.  If it turns out not to have been one everyone will remember it being a ponzi anyway. 
@_date: 2012-01-06 06:33:08
@_date: 2012-03-12 19:41:09
Stateless but accepts paypal.  I see that going well.  I'm glad that's not their only means of payment.  
@_date: 2012-01-26 07:49:07
Very good point.
@_date: 2012-09-05 23:35:45
So you have nothing to contribute to the conversation it seems.  We are discussing how the Supreme Court might rule, not some pedantically literal interpretation of reality you have assumed which renders the majority of abstract concepts moot.  I am unable to stoop to your level as it would be an exercise in absolute futility, rendering nothing of value for either of us.  
Again, do you know if the law that made him a citizen was implemented retroactively ("retroactive" is a legal term meaning that the law can be assumed to have been in effect in the past for all intents and purposes even though it wasn't)?  If not then it seems you are merely blathering on about concepts irrelevant to the subject at hand.  
This has nothing to do with whether the rich will be assumed to be worthy.  We know that is how it will work out in effect most of the time.  I agree with you there.  I was merely explaining how I thought it might be justified, musing if you will.  You seem to think there is something at stake here.  I'm actually mildly curious about the specifics of the law that made McCain a citizen.  If you have more info please do share.  Otherwise, kindly fuck off with your nonsense.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 17:17:57
There are 7 days in a week, so we divide 7% by 7 days and get 1% per day right?  So, if it is 1% per DAY there must be 3600 days in a year for it to be 3600% APR.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 16:22:53
Do you know how a ponzi scheme works?  At the end there is no money left to refund in full.  It was paid out as fake "interest" to the first investors to entice later investors.  If he runs off with whatever is left then it was a ponzi.  If he refunds all the deposits he was either making a ton of BTC some other way, or it wasn't a ponzi after all.  We will know in one week.  I'm eager to find out.
@_date: 2012-06-18 23:31:22
Reddit is open source too, what is stopping you from starting a better reddit?  
@_date: 2012-01-25 23:09:53
I had not thought to look there, and it seems, if I'm reading that correctly, that it was about 3x the normal volume according to that graph? 
@_date: 2012-01-24 10:39:40
It is relevant to my interests. 
@_date: 2012-10-25 11:43:57
I just put up with it.  The security implications of handing my cash to someone else to hold, hoping I can get it back when I need it, is too much for me.  I have never used an online wallet (even those JS "everything in your browser" bullshit sites).  I'm as likely to give my wallet to a crackhead for safekeeping.  
It is a new technology.  Accept its wonderful features and nag the developers about its drawbacks, or pick up an editor and help them fix it.  They are doing their best to make sure that the software gains mass adoption and their prioritization of effort probably goes to "this could potentially destroy bitcoin" before "new users may be annoyed by this".
I wholeheartedly agree with you, but I'm not skilled enough to fix the problem myself.  I'll lend support to your criticism, but I don't really hold it against the developers right now.  
@_date: 2012-08-30 16:54:01
You should write a book titled "2084".  I'd read it.
@_date: 2012-01-27 10:18:56
The mom is obviously on something GOOD.  And the investors panic thinking they are going to die anytime it looks like the bottom might be falling out of the market, so I think that's your answer. 
@_date: 2012-09-05 15:01:49
The operator would have to steal from his own accounts and pretend it was a hack to pay for something like that, only to be immediately found out by the audit they ordered.  I guess I see why they don't do it.
@_date: 2012-01-25 23:09:02
That is a very good point, and partially what I was pointing at.  If the people are used to products and concepts being invented to fill a role in the plot they are unlikely to realize bitcoin is a real currency without having some prior understanding of it, and if they had prior understanding of it they would probably be within the demographic that has already done the research and understands it, and therefore would not spur a buying spree. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 17:31:53
One would articulate that as the frequency with which the interest is compounded.  If it is compounded more frequently that will net a heftier profit, however the APR is still 365%.  
You assume my inability to improperly articulate the percentage rate is related to an apparent incapacity to understand exponential growth, however you simply lack the proper financial nomenclature to realize your own ignorance.  Had you qualified the statement as an "effective interest rate" then it would have been more accurate and would effectively preclude this criticism. 
@_date: 2012-11-30 21:48:20
So their practices are just deceptive, not unethical.  I see.  I guess your ethics are a bit looser than others'. 
@_date: 2012-01-20 06:37:08
If one card is not feasible then multiple cards, which are actually just a collection of single cards, would also not be feasible.  
I think you are trying to say "You may be disappointed", but this person is buying a GPU to use as a GPU and might mine while their screensaver is running.  They are not asking "Should I expect to get rich off a single GPU" but rather "Should I slowly buy bitcoins at a relatively poor exchange rate (KWh to BTC) given the fact that I have already made the monetary outlay for the equipment regardless of use for this particular purpose?".  
It may be helpful to expound on specifically how mining in a pool will likely result in the appearance of gaining wealth at a steady pace while the inherent risk and unpredictability of mining solo, especially with such a small amount of processing power, could lead them to being either extremely disappointed, or extremely pleased with their results.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 18:29:18
So your rebuttal is "We are all ignorant, therefore being wrong is effectively right"?  Oh, and I forgot you also attempted to discredit me by characterizing my statements as being derisive.  Every statement I made was simple and straight-forward.  At no time did I use derision nor did I demonstrate "smart-alec" behavior.  If you are confused by the word "ignorance" I would suggest you buff up your vocabulary as there are more meanings to that word than just derisive ones.  
You also perpetuate your flawed argument that I have somehow demonstrated a lack of understanding of exponential growth.  I put forward as evidence otherwise that I was able to properly articulate the concept using financial terms.  I have never disputed the "effective annual return" is greater than 3000%, but the actual interest rate is "1% per day, compounded daily" regardless of whether you represent it as a daily rate or an annual percentage rate.  
The way you insist on describing it is not even accurate.  It is only effectively greater than 3000% if you keep the investment for one year.  By articulating it as "365% APR, compounded daily" you say that I can invest for only one day and still get 1% return.  That conveys much more information to a professional than "it's 3000% per year".  There is a reason that professionals use specific nomenclature.  Namely, because it is more specific.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 19:45:50
The evidence supports my conclusion.  If you have evidence otherwise then please present it.  So far you have made up a nice hypothetical to justify your actions that you already decided to make.  
Just say "I cashed out and made out well!" and then you are being honest to yourself.  To fabricate an elaborate story justifying your actions after the fact tells me that you already made the decision, emotional or otherwise.  
As I said, your actions belie your motivations.  I'm just commenting on them.  If you feel that is an attack then maybe you should look at your own actions for yourself without necessitating a random stranger on the internet explaining your own actions to you.  I'm sorry that made you uncomfortable, but I'm just some random asshole on the internet.  If you prefer clouding your own decision making process with absurd hypotheticals then that is your own prerogative.  Feel free to discount everything I said as if it were as absurd as the rationale behind your having sold your bitcoin.  It will not bother me in the least. 
@_date: 2012-01-20 22:28:02
I said "is it worth buying at a poor exchange rate" because at time the fluctuations of value will cause your mining to be inefficient, and other times it will be profitable.  Overall you have no real control over the exchange rate when you are mining other than shutting it off, and someone who is just mining casually with their primary video card is not probably going to watch closely enough to manage it day by day. 
It also heavily depends on the video card.  I did not look up that specific one, but some video cards are much more efficient than others.
If it is worth buying them at a relatively poor exchange rate then it is obviously logically consistent that it would be worth buying them at a relatively good exchange rate.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 19:56:43
You obviously already know what I'm saying before you read the words I typed.  I have never, ever made the claim that your decision was an emotional one.  I just said you made it (somehow) and then tried to justify your predetermined decision.  Just like you already knew the argument I was making before you even read it, and then you interpreted my statements after the fact to support the rebuttal you had prepared.  
Try reading what I said without prejudice and then respond to the arguments I actually made.  I may actually spend more time responding.  Last time you doubled down on the hypotheticals after I said that hypotheticals are an ex post facto means of propping up your predetermined decision.  Now you are doubling down on an argument I never even made.  Both of your responses ignore the point I brought up and, just like your decision to sell, are reactionary and divorced from reality. 
@_date: 2012-09-06 00:06:51
You are still going on about how you don't believe in the legal term "retroactive".  Great.  Have fun with that.  I thought you said you had something to contribute.  
The sad thing is that we both agree and are both describing the same thing.  I said the court would have ruled him fit.  You said the same thing.  And you are trying to convince me that the word "retroactive" is a violation of reality.  Sure, whatever you say.  Apparently even if you knew whether the law was deemed retroactive you would still just rant on about how legal retroactivity is an abomination to all that is holy.  So I'll just give up on that question.  
And I think that just about sums up my willingness to endure this sort of thing, whatever it could be described as.  
@_date: 2012-02-24 23:40:10
I'd still put it on there as custom item even with physical shipping.
@_date: 2012-08-08 13:38:53
The only way I could see automatic payments working is a whitelist.  This would allow  user-initiated one-time payments with a prompt, automatic "one click" style ordering from some vendors, and automatic computerized payments between systems such as voice or data routers on the edge of networks automatically handling peering agreement payments and such.  
The internet is going to be very cool in the future if we can keep it.
@_date: 2012-12-01 14:19:45
As I said earlier, even if in cases where they truly believe they are required to keep the money *they could simply refuse to use the refund address*.  Conveniently, not having one means they get to keep more money.  
There are allegedly cases where the users got their refund after sufficient complaining.  That tells me that the process is arbitrary and that a refund address would facilitate refunds in the case they were permissible and possible.  
The problem is not whether they are permitted, but that it is literally impossible for them, according to their policies, to refund because of the lack of this simple ubiquitous field.  It is easy to jump to the conclusion that it was intentional. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 20:27:30
You are still approaching this as if it were obviously a scam.  After you make that assumption it is easy to find bits and pieces of evidence to support your prejudiced conclusion.  
I have always attested that it is most likely a ponzi.  I had no change in my opinion until Pirateat40 drew a line in the sand himself.  Now I'm more eager than ever to be proven wrong.  If Pirateat40 is honest then the money will come back.  If it were a ponzi, and here is the critical part, THE MONEY WOULD ALREADY BE GONE.  That's how a ponzi works.  No amount of profits from drugs could make up for the cost of paying out 1% per day.  Either he made the money legitimately and paid fair interest on the loans, or it was a ponzi, and the only way to find out is to wait. 
Once you assume it is a scam you can then come up with all kinds of hypothetical situations that might explain it, but that's after you have decided that it is a scam.  I think it is *probably* a scam, but the evidence has not been presented.  I'd like to find out it was one so I'm justified in not investing, and I'd also very much like it not to be one because I have friends who did.
Other than mere probability, what evidence do you have that it is, in fact, a scam?  Until then let's not jump ahead.  I'll gladly discuss hypotheticals as to why or how it was a scam once we have evidence to support that.  Until next monday when his promise has ultimately failed and the scam is revealed I can't, in good faith or upon a rationally basis, participate in a discussion presupposed on the alleged "fact" that it was a scam.  
Simple logical basis: If he pays out everything deposited plus interest there were no "victims", only bond holders who were paid out according to the bond's terms.  
I'm going to need to see your logical basis upon which your claim of it being a scam was formed.  Until then let's keep the slander to a minimum.  
@_date: 2012-01-27 01:39:18
Wow.  Where is our good press coverage?  Blogs and such are not getting the pagerank or what? 
@_date: 2012-08-19 20:29:38
I have made no such claim.  I'm not sure what the term would be for someone who attributes arguments to someone who has not made them, but whatever that term would be, you are being that.  I guess simply "inaccurate" or "misleading" would suffice. 
@_date: 2012-01-28 00:13:35
That is the biggest shortcoming of bitcoin.  How do you effectively use it without computers?  I mean, short-term, sure.  But if people start trading pieces of paper with QR codes on them then anyone can print pieces of paper with QR codes on them and trick unsuspecting people into thinking they are bitcoin, since they have no way to verify it.  
I think bitcoin would be more on the donation side of things and then it could be converted into the currency of choice depending on where the volunteers were headed and what resources they need. 
@_date: 2012-08-27 04:03:27
Ah, I didn't look at the bet.  That makes sense as to why it was said that way.
@_date: 2012-01-18 01:07:37
Nah, just people scraping for mirrors in preparation for the blackout. 
@_date: 2012-01-16 07:36:36
... for now.
@_date: 2012-01-02 19:03:08
Ah, I thought you meant only to give them the key through a lawyer, which is the same effect as giving to them, but I guess it has the added benefit of your lawyer saying "Shut the fuck up" instead of passing the message to the next person. 
@_date: 2012-03-07 03:10:11
@_date: 2012-11-30 16:58:25
So apparently when you use TOR they let you deposit and then later tell you they are going to keep it or extort more information out of you.  Sure, if the TOS says they are going to steal from you, then that's fine according to everyone here.
They know before displaying a deposit address that they are going to keep the money and not refund it.  They could display that at that time, however it is more profitable to have no method of refund and be able to point to their TOS and say "well, you should have known".  
THEY should have, and did know.  They should have, and didn't say anything at the time they accepted the money, knowing there was a high likelihood this person did not intend to identify themselves (or why the fuck would they be using TOR?)  
Their refusal to add a "refund address" after this long is enough proof for me to say they have willfully allowed this type of account purgatory to exist to prop up their BTC balances for operational reasons, or directly factor such into their profit.  Either way they drag their feet for as long as possible because they know the victim has no recourse.  They are unethical and they are a blight on bitcoin's image.  If the most legitimate, well-known bitcoin service steals from it's helpless users then what can you expect from anonymous or less well-known services?  
@_date: 2012-01-24 13:17:52
I see you read XKCD at least occasionally.  
@_date: 2012-01-26 08:46:04
Have you tried [CAVIRTEX](
@_date: 2012-08-29 08:38:58
Your logic is flawed, your argument stupid.  Give it up.
@_date: 2012-11-29 19:36:59
If they know that they are going to keep the money and could prevent it from being sent ***THEN YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY CORRECT THEY SHOULD NOT ACCEPT THE MONEY***.
That doesn't mean that there may not be times when they may have to refund the balance in the account to the original account holder, for example if the account was compromised and Mt. Gox realized it before the user, they could offer to close the account and refund all balances by bitcoin to the original refund address provided when the account was opened.  Or possibly if they later realize they need more verification and the user chooses not to submit it.  
If anything, your logic proves they are culpable and cognizant of their crimes.  If they know you are connecting from a TOR or other questionable IP address then they could tell you that prior to providing any method of deposit.  In those cases they have zero excuse or justification for their actions.  I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and allowing them the possibility that they may also, in addition to the blatant thefts, sometimes be placed in questionable situations where a complete refund and closure of the account is the appropriate resolution.
@_date: 2012-08-19 16:53:56
We will know at the end of next week if it was obvious.  You have discredited yourself by making an absurd and illogical statement.  I've assumed it was most likely a ponzi all along, but have reserved any judgement on the matter until there was evidence.  He has given us a very clear way by which to judge whether he is legitimate or not, and once he either pays out on the deposits or runs with whatever is left we will know.
You are simply drumming up drama with zero evidence to back it up.  Starting your post with an obviously illogical and unsupported statement tends to undermine your credibility very quickly.  
@_date: 2012-08-19 21:39:07
There is no reason to entertain hypotheticals at this late of a juncture.  We will know in 7 days time if it was legitimate or not.  Last week I may have delved into such a conversation, however at this time I can't but laugh at the absurdity of such a concept.  Why even jest about whether he will deliver when we are literally mere hours from a possible confirmation?  
It is almost as if you are more interested in being right for a few more minutes.  See, I've realized that being wrong is more important than being right.  I'm perfectly happy being wrong in this case.  I don't need to savor the disillusioned moments in which my ego throbs with confidence in my own capacity to tell the future.  I'd rather wait and discover the truth as it is revealed and relish in the many hours of unwasted time I was able to dedicate to pursuits that edify and educate myself.
You may be correct.  But I can not be incorrect.  By reserving judgement until evidence is presented to confirm or discredit allegations I can simply experience the discovery of the truth without any bias as to the results.  You, however, are dedicated to your theory quite intensely and will therefore experience a much more cathartic response to the truth being revealed. 
If I were to theorize I would say that Pirateat40 has made himself a hefty profit off his dealings and no longer needs any investors.  At some point he leveraged the investors' money to the point where the profit he retained equaled the number of bitcoins he needed to run the operation.  If you could make more than 7% per week on an investment once you had 100% of the coins that investment could utilize there would be no need for investors.  I have to assume the cutting of the payout was an orchestrated maneuver intended to create controversy and justify the return of investors' money.  
Let's assume he is promising to return the money because it is not a ponzi (as I have guessed up until he made the promise to pay back investors).  If we assume it is some kind of legitimate (but possibly illegal) means then we are forced to explain why someone would tear down such an operation.  The answer is simple, he no longer needs investors and needs a convenient excuse to give them their money back and stop paying them interest.  If he were going to run with the money, he could just run with the money.  He drew the line in the sand, let's see him cross it successfully.  After this coming week I will be in a better position to discuss the subject.  Until then we can only wait. 
@_date: 2012-01-26 00:29:32
That is actually a little more than triple, which is what the google search stats showed as well.  
@_date: 2012-11-29 21:42:25
I deal locally with people I know in person for the most part.  I have told almost everyone I know about bitcoin and the few that were interested have created a good local group.  
I also don't do much volume.  I get bitcoin very infrequently so next time I get a bunch I'll have to find a way to move them.  Usually doesn't take more than a few emails, but in the case of people who don't have local sources to buy/sell then I'd say start researching.  I've simply not had to do the research because I have not had the necessity. 
Edit: I also buy as much as possible with bitcoin.  That means I really don't convert much to USD.  I speculated on Mt. Gox for a while, and more than tripled my money since I started, but I really don't think speculation is healthy for the future of bitcoin, and the more vendors are rewarded for accepting bitcoin the more vendors will accept it.  Instead of exchanging BTC for USD I trade it for services and durable goods.
@_date: 2012-01-25 21:32:33
I have tested this and it does work.  It will even work better than expected for an indeterminate amount of time since about 100 addresses are pre-generated in your wallet.  As long as you send whole amounts from previous transactions and do not generate too many more addresses you will probably not notice when you run out of pre-generated addresses.   However, when a new transaction is not made up of exact amounts of previous transactions  the client will send the "change" back to another address of yours that it does not list in the transactions history (it just shows you sending the amount you sent not sending more with a secondary recipient as being another of your addresses).  
So, at the time you copy wallet.dat the two will be the same, but as soon as you use up all of the pre-generated addresses you will then have two different wallets which show different balances.  
The better way to handle this is to store the wallet.dat on removable media and start the bitcoin client with the correct switch to point to the wallet.dat on your thumb drive.  This way you can take it with you.
This is like complaining that when you leave all of your cash at home you have to go to an ATM to withdraw some different cash to buy things with until you get home and get your cash you left there. 
@_date: 2011-08-01 22:37:19
Agreed.  Now how about the mandated transaction fees?  There is no mute button for those.
@_date: 2011-08-01 23:57:38
The FED is a "very small group of very trustworthy people who are very dedicated to the growth and advancement of [the US economy]" according to some.  
It is not the only instance of this type of "we know what is best for bitcoin" mentality.  Mandatory transaction fees on some transactions is another example.  
(and my response to "that is to protect us" is: If the bitcoin network can't handle a trillion transactions a day without the block chain growing out of control then it isn't suitable as a worldwide currency.  Even with partial block chain patches that means you *probably* won't need the full block chain.  But some peoplel, and stores and exchanges and probably mining operators, will need the full block chain. So even that proposed solution does not solve the issue.  Either bitcoin doesn't need a central authority, or it does... and from what I can tell, it does.)
@_date: 2011-06-23 04:57:05
I had not noticed that, good eye.  I am beginning to think this was a SQLi injection issue and nobody ever had $500,000 BTC in one account.  That explains why they were so adamant about rolling the transactions back before they even publicly stated anything about what actually happened.  The bitcoin sold most likely never existed in the first place and was just a number in a database table.  The people who bought this non-existent bitcoin apparently would have withdrawn other user's bitcoin instead of the imaginary bitcoins that never existed yet Mt.Gox's system allowed them to sell because it does not know the difference between a bitcoin and a whole integer in a column in a database.
It all seems to make sense when you make the assumption that someone actually hacked the site and modified the database, the very database we all know was hacked and released into the wild prior to the attack.  The inconsistencies in the official story make sense too as they would never want to admit that their secure exchange's website was actually hacked, no it was just an idiot they hired to secure the site... trust us, the site is safe if you just change your password.  Make it longer and uh, more special characters or something ... keep trying, you'll get it eventually.  Nope, 15 characters long with three special characters isn't enough, make it stronger ... it is your password that needs to be fixed, not our site.
That's all supposition though.  If 500,000 bitcoins were ACTUALLY stolen I have a feeling they would not be as quick to libel a convenient scapegoat and stir up distracting controversy as they would be busy performing an actual investigation. 
@_date: 2011-11-05 23:23:34
The second transaction would try to spend money already tied up in the first.  The only way to do that would be to seed two different transactions from different points in the network that spend the same funds and hope to create two different block chains, one each with your valid transaction.  The complexity of that attack is so much higher, and less likely to succeed, than credit/debit card tricks to double spend it is not even a comparison.  
At each confirmation it becomes less likely.  At 0 confirmation you already have much more confidence that it is valid than you do for 90-180 days with a debit/credit transaction.  Anything over that and you are even better.  So, 1 is better than 0.  6 is better than 5.  100 is better than 99, but each confirmation does less than the one before, so find a number you are happy with that is greater than 0 and use it.
@_date: 2011-06-28 21:45:56
Right, I'm not debating the substance of their argument, nor the overarching accuracy, but the specificity of the issue is misrepresented.  One could be lead to believe that blocks will always be found in 10 minutes as no description of chance is included in their statement.
@_date: 2011-08-01 22:35:40
That is not what the first post in that thread says.  It seems later they decided that being able to disable your client remotely was not a good idea, but even dissemination of "official" warnings from the "official" developers/maintainers of the "official" client tends to suggest that there is some "official" authority.  
It seems the "official" implementation of the bitcoin client should maintain adherence to their own ideology much more strictly if their rhetoric about bitcoin is to be believed.  
"The warnings are only there to protect you" ... sounds like what they said about the Federal Reserve Bank... "it is only to protect us that a private bank needs to control our economy".  
There are other examples of the developers exerting their  own ideas upon the community by implementing, or refusing to implement, specific changes to the client that are not mandated by the protocol, nor consistent with the supposed ideology of the bitcoin network.  This is just one that has recently been brought to our attention and I feel the need to expose it for being inconsistent.
@_date: 2011-08-07 02:21:17
Don't try to answer the question of who will buy or sell at what price and for what reason.  People WILL sell.  Maybe miners, maybe people afraid that it will drop even lower, the point is they will sell.  And when it is a different price people will be buying, and people will be selling.  And when the price changes again, people will be buying and people will be selling.
The question to answer regardless of the price is "how many people are buying versus selling".  Then you know the mood.  If the buying market is thin then people don't have confidence (like right now), when the selling market is thin that means people have confidence in the market. 
@_date: 2011-05-18 11:58:06
I'm not sure I get what you are saying.
@_date: 2011-08-10 19:55:52
go to blockexplorer.com and search for the address you sent them to.  You will find it in a block with a number.  When you see that number in the bottom where it says "123456 blocks" you will see it in the transaction history in the window.  You have to download up to the block that the transaction was in before your client knows about the transaction.
@_date: 2011-12-07 14:05:54
Accepting bitcoins is also one-way with no reversals.  When people steal credit cards they often donate to charity with them because they can test to see if the cards are valid with minimal risk.  These donations are reversed.  As we have seen with PayPal their transactions can be reversed, especially if done in error or fraudulently.
Charities deal with high chargeback rates because of this.  Bitcoin cannot be charged-back.  They are more likely to get real donations from real people who really want to donate.  If they do get some stolen bitcoins it is unlikely they will be charged back, and if someone tracked down their site by the donation address they can return them.  However it must be stated that there is no functional purpose to donate stolen bitcoins to charity except to simply cause disruption.  Testing a credit card is one thing, but stolen bitcoins don't need to be "tested" to see if they can be spent, just transfer them to an address in your wallet and then they are yours to spend.  
This is a great idea on multiple levels.  I hope it helps convince charities to add bitcoin donations to their sites.  
@_date: 2011-07-09 00:30:39
Yep, me too. 
@_date: 2011-06-23 16:32:35
It is cool that he was able to cobble together a mock-up with such functionality.  It is too bad he let the public use it instead of hiring a developer to actually build him an exchange.  
@_date: 2011-05-23 09:54:41
Also keep in mind that those clusters are usually many tiny FPGAs and not the bigger more powerful $500 model in the development board.  The development board can probably be built with many, many pipelines as there is much more room to build in a larger, faster FPGA.  In the big cluster machines they have lots of small FPGA chips that can only have a limited sized programming meaning less work per FPGA chip.  
@_date: 2011-06-17 04:10:18
I don't need a mining 101 lesson here, I obviously know how mining works and the advantages to pooled mining in regards to steady payouts.
Address the math and logic in my post.  Your response was a waste of my time.
@_date: 2011-11-08 02:21:14
As soon as I read "web-based e-wallet" I was done reading.  Sorry, my wallet, my computer, my control.  I don't care if it is JS on the client side or not, I don't read and verify the JS each time I visit a site.  They can literally change it at any time. 
@_date: 2011-08-06 16:12:53
It is called a market correction. 
The market speculators are bailing.  That's not a bad thing.  Bitcoin is still a currency, but it is taking too long to be useful as a currency (people aren't selling enough stuff for bitcoin yet) so those who were sold on it being a valuable currency are realizing they just took their useful USD and turned it into BTC that they can't do much with.
This little speculation bubble was great while it lasted, and there will be more in the future, but speculation is not what makes BTC a strong currency.  We NEED the market to normalize so that merchants will be confident accepting bitcoin.  Who wants to run or shop at a site where the prices change every five minutes?  
If I'm going to sell things for bitcoin I want to know that between the time they hit "submit" on the order and I receive the funds and then sell them for USD to pay for the products the customer ordered, I want to know that I'm not going to end up getting less for the bitcoins I accepted than the cost of the goods sold.  Sure, sometimes it will work out in my favor, but the risk is too much to bear.
I honestly don't care how much a bitcoin is worth.  I just want to know, for sure, that accepting bitcoin is not an undue risk.  I'm sure there are many other vendors out there that feel the same way.
There are two things that will help to stabilize the market.  First, it is more people willing to take the risk (probably with products with high margin or low back-end cost) to create a demand for bitcoin as a currency instead of just a commodity to trade.  A commodity without a real purpose isn't a very valuable commodity.  This first bubble was fueled by pure hype.  The community just didn't deliver on that hype quickly enough and instead provided a shitload of fear and disappointment.  
The second thing that will help stabilize the market and provide confidence for vendors accepting bitcoin is a solid and easy to use futures market.  Seriously, Mt.Gox, trade hill, et. al, should all be focusing 100% of their efforts not put into security into building a futures market.  The fact that not even one single exchange has provided a solid and easy to use futures market is as much to blame for the current slump as Mt. Gox's consistent failure causing fear and uncertainty (seriously, on the eve of the govenment defaulting, when bitcoin should be being bought by the truckload out of fear on the other side of the fence, you decide to roll out an insufficiently-tested update that breaks the site?  how the fuck do you time that so incredibly bad Mt. Gox?  If I didn't know it was ineptitude I would be forced to assume it is malicious).
@_date: 2011-07-06 16:02:17
I'm not sure you got the concepts I was discussing.  Try reading it again and don't take everything literally.  Bitcoin can be TRADED AS a commodity.  It is a commodity that is traded.  It can also be a currency, but very few people are using it as that.
@_date: 2011-12-07 14:07:54
tl;dr: Mac/Microsoft fan[-]bo[i|y]s.
@_date: 2011-05-19 18:20:44
The new client (or maybe next client, I heard about it on the IRC channel) will use a default value of 0.0005 BTC for the default transaction fee for "small" transactions instead of 0.01 as BTC has increased in value over 500% since they set that amount.
Technically, the client should pop up and say "This transaction has a low verification count and is for a very small amount.  If you choose to process it with no transaction fee it may take a very long time to be verified.  You can either wait for more confirmations to send the transaction or add an optional transaction fee below to ensure it is processed faster" and then give you a box with a value you can change and the option to submit it without a transaction fee if you really don't care if it takes a week.
The reason I say that is because as the value of BTC fluctuates you may want to send a different amount and hard-coding it into the client means it is difficult and slow to change with the fluctuation of BTC.
In any case I think you are right about how mining will work.  The one thing we haven't discussed is difficulty.  As far as I can tell as more nodes are added and the difficulty goes up the value of mining stays about the same, maybe with some delay in the exchange rate adjusting, due to scarcity and other factors.  If the number of transactions goes up in that same time period, and therefore transaction fees, then the value you get from mining actually should increase as well.  
In this case it seems that we will end up with rarer but bigger payouts as the difficulty and number of transactions increases.  This naturally would decrease the chances of individuals solving blocks and would heavily favor pools.
This, in my opinion, is actually a good thing.  It seems to reward large, consistent mining operations which will remain a consistent part of the network instead of here-and-there individual miners
I'm curious how you see how you see difficulty factoring into mining profitability over time.
@_date: 2011-07-05 18:58:39
BTC is NOT fiat.  BTC is BTC and it is traded as BTC and BTC is what you trade when trading BTC.  Nobody requires you to use BTC except yourself.  There is no enforcement of value.  There is no central authority.  If you think BTC is fiat currency then you have misunderstood what fiat means.
My point is that PEOPLE value BTC.  It is worth what people are willing to trade it for.  If you can get $13 USD out of 1 BTC then that is phenomenal!  Considering its inherent value, that makes $13 more than you "should" be able to get for it.  
BTC is valuable as long as people want it.  $13 is in NO WAY an indication of the currency's decline.  To discuss it as such is idiotic.  
@_date: 2011-06-23 20:02:16
How does two-step authentication fix sql injection vulnerabilities? 
@_date: 2011-05-18 11:51:58
Yes.  Then the only reason to mine is to get transaction fees.  It would seem we would probably have to start paying a little more in transaction fees to get things expedited, and we would gladly do that, and they would gladly keep running their rigs.
@_date: 2011-08-02 04:44:19
If you want to see diffs look at the commits on github, or if they manage the project properly it can be seen all in one place in the pull requests that are merged.  
You missed what I was saying.  IF you don't say something when they come with their messages, you won't be prepared to say something WHEN they come with their kill switches.  I was using it as an example because they have tried to do so in the very recent past so it is likely they may try it again.
I don't think it is malice, just illogical bullshit.  If we don't give them hell about every illogical thing they do they will stop thinking "what will the users think?" before doing stupid shit.
While we are talking about stupid shit... why mandate a transaction fee?  The stated goal is to prevent an attack where tiny 0.0000001 transactions are spammed and increases the block chain.  So, how does a transaction fee that can be disabled by simply changing a few lines of code stop a real attacker from carrying out the attack?  It doesn't.  It is just like DRM.  You punish those that will follow the rules and do nothing to protect them.  
Yet I don't see very many people complaining about that.
We simply need to keep them honest, even if they are only diverting for "our own safety".  If they say it is for our safety, or convenience, they must prove it.  Right now it is a complex system and most people just accept it, because they are the de facto authority on the subject.  They built it, they must understand it.  But those of us who do understand it must hold them to their standards they claim to adhere to.  
I'm the same way about democracy, however my list of illogical bullshit in American politics is much longer than two things right now.
@_date: 2011-06-08 19:01:48
Please send me 4 BTC worth of whatever you are smoking.
@_date: 2011-06-16 20:12:09
Because a hash that doesn't solve the current block is a hash that was wasted.  This makes me not want to pool mine because if what you say is actually true then I would have a "significant" advantage over pool miners.
@_date: 2011-06-24 23:41:13
Same for the paid two-factor auth they just rolled out.  Nice, you have two factor auth, I'm glad, now fix the gaping holes in your code.
@_date: 2011-05-17 13:02:12
For legitimate businesses and charities they will need to do this, however I think their point was that if the IRS can't see the money, they can't enforce their laws on the money.  So, yes, the EFF has to report their received donations of BTC and a computer repair shop that received BTC would have to put that down as well, however if I  sold my Wii and got BTC for it how would the IRS know about that?  I might report it, but at that point it is voluntary.  If they don't know about it they cannot compel me to report it.  Since BTC trades are not able to be tied to a specific person unless they reveal all of their BTC addresses somehow then the IRS can't tell who sent what to whom... just that it was sent if they dig through the blocks for some reason.
@_date: 2011-06-28 00:06:09
Your comment is logically false.  Every single hash on a CPU has EXACTLY THE SAME CHANCE of finding the solution as every single hash on a GPU.  
GPUs do many thousands more hashes per second than CPUs so it is more like buying one lottery ticket versus buying 200,000 lottery tickets.  Each ticket (hash) has exactly the same probability of being the right one, it is just that GPUs are much faster at collecting and verifying these "lottery tickets".
So, it is, in fact completely false to say that GPU mining is "*the only way* that has any chance at all of succeeding.  A CPU has a measurable and easily estimated chance of succeeding based on the number of hashes per second it is able to produce.
The actual reason against it is that the amount of power a CPU uses to produce one has is so much higher than your probable results that it is like using a tractor-trailer to drop your kid off at soccer practice.  The device is not well suited to the task and the amount of energy required far outweighs any benefits.
@_date: 2011-09-21 05:00:18
"sort of faith based"?  It says right on the money "In God We Trust".  Another word for that is faith.
Our money only works on faith.  "Oh God I please make this money worth something when I need to trade it for something of actual value" should probably be put on there instead.
@_date: 2011-10-24 17:37:48
It hasn't even though they have had a donation address for months.  Increased awareness of bitcoin as a means for donation may be beneficial.
@_date: 2011-05-24 21:08:35
Or anywhere for that matter.  The only people who still think cannabis is bad are either making money from the cannabis trade (directly or indirectly), making money from prohibition, or are ignorant of the facts.  Anyone who actually is informed about prohibition knows that the only fatal side-effects of cannabis are the result of prohibition.
I am much more afraid to be the victim of a fatal home invasion by thugs with badges and guns than by a drug dealer.
@_date: 2011-05-25 07:15:05
Stupid people go to the hospital because they are too stoned and misinformed about the effects of cannabis.  They may also go to the hospital because they are poisoned by tainted weed since there is no regulation for weed quality when it is prohibited.  
If you go to the hospital with "I smoked too much weed" syndrome they put you in a bed and let you sleep it off.  You can do the same at home.  
There have been exactly 0 overdose deaths since the beginning of recorded history attributed to cannabis.  
@_date: 2011-06-22 02:10:41
I think you were upvoted for being right.
@_date: 2011-06-23 17:41:41
What I'm saying is that I don't think the laws are the issue.  They are pretty damn straight-forward.
What I'm worried about is other factors, like the banks or the government (sorry did I say banks twice there?) push for new laws against it, or influence popular opinion and laws are misused to falsely prosecute them as criminals just to destroy the industry.  
There are lots of ways that it could go wrong and therein lies the risk.  Following the law isn't hard, the problem is that the law isn't interpreted sanely when those using it as a weapon can contort its meaning to fulfill their agenda.
@_date: 2011-06-16 20:18:21
If a "significant" number of blocks are actually fake blocks then a solo miner would have a "significant" advantage over pool miners.
Along the same lines a pool that does not verify work in this way would also have the same "significant" advantage over other pools.
It seems you misunderstood what I was objecting to.
@_date: 2011-06-13 17:03:02
I guess that is a good reason not to use ebay.  I probably use ebay to buy something once every two years.  Most of the time I'm dealing with the manufacturer or one of their main distributors.  Sure, if I'm buying case quantities I usually get them shipped surface, but for product samples or small orders most will gladly ship DHL or FedEx.  I guess the scale of the operation makes the difference.  
@_date: 2011-06-20 17:46:15
I'm looking for another exchange, not another currency.
@_date: 2011-06-08 23:05:58
I hope you realize this is a reddit meme originating from a historical post in which someone got an insane number of upvotes for a post with a similar title.  The word "post" has been replaced with the word "pool" in this instance for comedic value.
@_date: 2011-06-23 16:29:21
Well, in theory, if no hackers had access to the database the number of bitcoins in the customer accounts would equal the number that people had sent them (which we know was never once the case if they were in fact using double-precision floating-point numbers to store the value in the database), but IN THEORY it SHOULD add up to the same number.
The problem is that if someone actually did have access to just "UPDATE users SET btcbalance = '5000000.00000000' WHERE uid = '1234'" and now they system thinks they have 500000 BTC when in fact they never sent any to Mt. Gox.
Now, we also know that some people withdrew their BTC early and those transactions were reversed, resulting in a negative balance.  Those BTC that were withdrawn were real, and Mt. Gox paid them out from their own pocket.  So, at this point, they probably do not actually have all the bitcoin they should, however the correlated accounts are in a negative balance so the balance SHOULD (if they are using integers instead of floats) add up to the correct number of total bitcoins now that they have reversed all the "fraudulent" transactions.
@_date: 2011-06-16 16:42:23
Maybe I'm misunderstanding that output since my mining rig doesn't output like that.  
Finding a hash is solving a block as far as I can tell.  If you can take the current block header and hash it to produce a SHA256 hash that starts with a specific number of zeros (based on the difficulty) then you solved that block.
I don't know how the work is divvied up, or if/how it can be broken into parallelized tasks, but it seems that if you found the "hash" you solved the block. 
When I mine with long polling enabled it says "accepted, accepted, accepted" etc.  Only once have I actually solved a block and I was not around to see it so I don't know what it output, if anything.
@_date: 2011-07-04 18:36:43
sorry, I was off by two zeros.  When Mt.Gox was hacked and the user sold 432,109.87654321 BTC the price did drop to $0.0101.  I am unaware of the transaction you are describing.
@_date: 2011-08-01 20:20:26
That's what they said about the FED.  "We only need this power to protect you".  
@_date: 2011-12-22 20:31:57
This was exactly my issue with the article as well. For example:


Exactly as you said, moving it instantly and caching it out is all well and good, but if the value is quickly declining you won't find anyone to buy your bitcoins to "cash out" until they immediately need it.  So it becomes a game of "Hot Potato" where everyone tries to hold onto their bitcoins for as little amount of time as possible.  You can't "cash out" until you find someone willing to buy the bitcoins.
Now, on the other hand, if the value is quickly rising you would be enticed to retain the value stored in bitcoin for as long as possible to gain the most value.  If you don't immediately need it then you are losing out on potential gains by removing it from the market.
I think you clear it up as concisely as possible.  Moving money through time is the issue.  The immediate value does not matter to someone immediately moving and cashing out, but even then it is impossible to prevent the passage of time, as  the bitcoin protocol (and especially at the exchanges) is NOT INSTANT.  Every step takes time.  It takes about 10 minutes each and that is if you are willing to pay the transaction fee to send a freshly used bitcoin.  Then the exchanges wait about an hour before giving you access to your deposit.  
No matter what you do you cannot ignore the aspect of time.  Even if you put a buffer of bitcoins at both ends (say you put 100 BTC in the exchange and when you sell a product on your site you instantly sell that many at market value from the exchange, then take your time topping up the buffer) you still are risking the amount you put in the buffer.  
This article really boils down to "Let's all pretend that bitcoin doesn't fluctuate in value and maybe it won't".  The bottom line is that SOMEONE has those coins while you don't.  Even if you treat it as a protocol you need enough people treating it like a currency to hold your coins for you while you aren't using them and those people need to be able to trust that the currency will retain enough value to make it worth holding onto.  
Basically, this guy is calling for a crash of bitcoin by creating an environment where nobody will hold onto BTC for any amount of time more than absolutely necessary.  But hey, it doesn't matter if it is worth a fraction of a penny, the exchanges will always be there to instantly convert your BTC to the currency you want no matter how unprofitable it becomes to sit on vast sums of the ~~currency~~ *protocol*.  
@_date: 2011-09-09 16:28:03
Looking at the charts I don't see this having happened last friday.  Last thursday there seems to be a bit of a dip, but your "every friday" theory doesn't jibe with the charts.
You are probably on the right track, at least for part of the motivation behind this current trend.  I think fridays have less to do with it than the "OH SHIT! $4! WHAT THE FUCK? SELL INSTANTLY!" response.
Amateurs. 
@_date: 2011-10-06 09:47:11
Wow.  Seems starting a bitcoin-related site and then claiming everything was stolen is a profitable scheme these days.  Hmm,  trustmewithyourbtc.com, supersecurebtcwallet.com, thissitewillbehackedin321.com... not sure, still trying to come up with the best domain name.  I'll get it.
Just to be clear, I'm NOT saying that Bitcoin7 pulled a [Bruce Wagner]( just that, whether or not they did, it is one more precedent in a long line of precedents that would tend to provide credulity to the claim when my site gets "hacked" and most of the money is "lost".   
@_date: 2011-08-01 20:52:22
I know, I have a copy of the code on my computer.  Well around .22beta I checked it out last.  I haven't done a pull in a bit.
I think the main point here is that we need more clients.  It isn't really "by consensus" if there is only one primary client everyone uses.  In a few years it will be more like bittorrent is with multiple, well-developed, and very distinct clients.  
That will help prevent things like "no processing fees" ... "well, not very many processing fees, but we think you should be forced to pay a processing fee if it is a complex transaction or for a small amount, and we get to decide what that is before you send the transaction, and it takes months to change that so if it goes from $4 to $30 in a few weeks and we have a massive influx of new users the pool operators will make a killing off our imposed transaction fees on newbs who got 0.02 btc from the faucet and just want to see a transaction go through, thereby running new users off before they even have a chance to play with it".
But that's just my opinion man.  I know sipa is a great person and amazing developer and all that, but I don't agree with some of the choices being made regarding the "official" client.  It is illogical to force people to ever pay if they are fine with their transaction taking days or weeks to process if necessary.  
Things like imposing minimum transaction fees on potentially problematic transactions without any override, forcing the resolution to two or so digits, and putting code in there to remotely disable your client at their whim seems to be counter to the stated goals of the entire project and tends to discredit those who promote bitcoin as an uncentralized currency.  Sure it "could" be decentralized if people get upset and decide to, but it isn't uncentralized at this point.
@_date: 2011-06-28 17:33:49
The first block was hand-coded by Satoshi himself.  
@_date: 2011-06-23 04:49:37
Circumstantial evidence rarely "proves" anything, yet it is frequently used in conjunction with other evidence and known facts to substantiate hunches and eventually prove something.  
Discounting incomplete evidence stalls the investigation process.  The OP did not say it proved anything, but rather asked a question as to what is more likely.  The OP obviously knows that this proves nothing, and carefully worded their post as to not confuse others.
It also isn't a picture of bare breasts, but I don't feel compelled to point that out.
@_date: 2011-07-24 02:03:16
Also, check if telegraph.co.uk is actually owned by Murdoch.  I think it is only the Australian Telegraph that he owns.  
@_date: 2011-08-02 03:47:40
The fact that only a small group of people, or even one person, who is central to the development of the bitcoin protocol, can send out an "official" message means there is a central authority who has the authority to say things "officially".  
Sure, it wasn't what Satoshi originally wanted, which was a remote kill-switch.  The mere suggestion of such a thing BLOWS MY FUCKING MIND.  I'm glad that was shot down, but still, we only have one client, and that one client has the ability for a very small group of people to speak officially on behalf of the "bitcoin" network.  
I, personally, don't have a problem with the functionality, but I'm pointing out that it is inconsistent with the stated goals of the bitcoin network.  So, I take issue with either the stated goals, or this functionality.  Because I don't have a problem with a message being able to be broadcast in cases of extreme emergencies, I just have a problem with one or two people being the authority who gets to decide what is an emergency for all the users.  I have a problem with the inconsistency.
@_date: 2011-05-31 18:05:30
Why are you looking at your hand? 
@_date: 2011-06-23 21:45:31
That is exactly my thoughts when I tried to recover my account and a 15-character long password with THREE special characters was not good enough.
"It is not our site that is the problem, it is your password that is just too simple" 
@_date: 2011-12-02 15:54:05
The reason it does not last is because the bankers fight, and fight dirty, to get central banks because they are not only profitable, but allow the manipulation of the economy, and indirectly yet highly effectively, political policy.
Since the creation of this country 250 or so years ago we have had multiple banks.  Jackson, I believe it was, is famously quoted for having said very pointed things against the bank including "I killed the bank" after he successfully removed one of the first central our country had.
I can't remember the name of it, but there is an amazing documentary about the subject.  If I remember I will let you know.
@_date: 2011-06-29 01:21:17
That uses the same amount of power as the 5870 but produces 50-25% less hash rate.  Your ROI may be a little shorter but it will cost you twice as much per bitcoin.
What I'm trying to say is that those cards are great for YOU, but I wouldn't use them in my rig.  I'm actually looking at lower powered, and lower power requirement cards and using more of them.
@_date: 2011-06-16 15:17:31
It doesn't matter how, it matters that it is POSSIBLE.  You said impossible, yet I showed you a scenario where it was possible.  However improbable it may be, it is possible.  You made an inaccurate statement and I attempted to correct it, yet your ego won't let you concede.  Sad really.
@_date: 2011-12-06 14:12:23
Just a case of defending their xenophobic confirmation bias.  
"I've never heard of it so it must be a scam" 
@_date: 2011-08-01 22:54:17
You obviously have no idea what I'm talking about.  I'm talking about the mandatory transaction fee imposed on small or complex transactions.  Try to send 0.001 btc to someone and then go looking (in the code not the interface) for where to turn that off.  It is not optional, it is a mining tax as far as I can tell.
@_date: 2011-07-13 02:35:02
Sorry, that was a joke.  I guess should have specified.  
@_date: 2011-05-20 05:19:17
The main thing that prevents that is enough users using the system to prevent any one authority from doing that.  They would have to have a significant amount of money to invest and they would be investing it in either a small bitcoin market (which would not be worth it) or a huge one (with many millions of nodes they don't control).  Either way, the system works off of consensus so if they were able to buy more than half the market they would be the consensus and they could do some pretty nasty stuff.
Other markets are manipulated all the time, so this isn't something new.  We can just hope that it grows faster than a bank can dump revenue into a project like that and mess with it.
@_date: 2011-08-01 22:29:53
That's what the Fed said "we only need this to protect you".
@_date: 2011-12-09 20:05:56
As others have said, the first point is stupid.  Bitcoin is just as susceptible to phishing.  If that's the leading argument I have to assume the rest of the article is not worth my time.
@_date: 2011-12-02 15:57:24
Americans have continued to make the same mistakes with central banks and fiat currency.  The FED system is not our first central bank either.  
@_date: 2011-08-01 22:21:37
As I said before, that is not how it was described in the original post by Satoshi.  If it has changed, then fine, but having one person as the only person who can provide "official" messages means there is a central authority, or "official" which can make "official" warnings, even if they can no longer disable your client remotely, they can still say and do things that affect the network while being treated as the "official" group, body, or individual for the network itself.  
I can't imagine why people think this is a good idea.  If they wanted to build some rules into the protocol or client that simply looked at connected peers and if 10%, or 50% or more of them have a higher version number than you it suggests you upgrade for compatibility.  Things like that which are obvious, and based on logic, and don't go against the fundamental logical basis for bitcoin would be acceptable.
We need more clients and not just forks of this one, new clients built from the ground-up and popular like the various ones available for bittorrent.  You can justify it all you want, but having functionality that only responds to messages signed by one imaginary person's  private key built into the only descent client available at this time seems to me to be a de facto agreement of authority.  
@_date: 2011-08-02 00:31:21
So, what I hear is that the tax is justified because it delays the necessity of a protocol upgrade.
I understand fully how truncating the block chain can be beneficial and reduce the amount of storage you need.  I actually know a lot more about the protocol than you seem to give me credit for.  I'm not talking specifically about the protocol, but the hypocrisy of "nobody can force you to do anything" and then forcing them to pay a transaction fee.  A de facto authority is still an authority.
@_date: 2011-06-17 02:57:05
I know more about how the hashing works on a technical level than you probably do.  I am not debating that.  I do not understand how pooled mining works.  I admitted that at the beginning of this conversation.  
Instead of taking the time to explain how block header hashing works why don't you actually speak to the subject at hand, which is how pools verify you are doing work.
What others have said is that it sends you fake block headers to work on that just prove that your GPU is doing something of value for the pool.  The result of this fake block header (if the difficulty value at the specified offset in the header provided by the custom bitcoin daemon allocating the mining work is inaccurate then the hashed value of the header will be useless and therefore the block being worked on is "fake" no matter how you want to justify it to yourself).
If what others have said and this data is indeed a "significant" number of blocks then it would logically be true that solo mining would net a "significant" advantage over pooled mining.
I think it is more likely that the fake block headers they give you to work on are actually so easy to solve that it is actually a very insignificant number of hashed dedicated to these fake block headers.
@_date: 2011-07-03 23:39:26
And, we all now know from experience that selling 432109.87654321 BTC in one day brings the price down to around $1, not $0.25.  
Which is actually pretty interesting in and of itself.  The market WILL bear 400,000+ BTC being sold in one day... not well, but it is capable.  
@_date: 2011-08-01 19:36:53
Wait, why do we want a central controlling authority again? 
@_date: 2011-05-17 13:42:09
Just looking at the last week or so the value has fluctuated quite a bit.  
The biggest drawback I can think of is that the blocks are computed and verified slowly enough that you would have to pay a significant amount to get your blocks processed fast enough for "day trading" strategies to pay off.  Either that or you would have to set up your own nodes and use them to process your blocks or something like that.
You could do some longer trades throughout the day or over multiple days, but doing short sells doesn't seem to be a significantly better strategy than just waiting for dips to buy and waiting for spikes to sell.  
Also, if you know these spikes are temporary why would you buy an option betting the price would stay high when you known damn well it will drop just like it did every other time BTC was on reddit or slashdot or in the news.  Finding people gullible to play along would probably be hard given the current patterns.  The buy "low, sell high" strategy would probably be much more profitable considering the predictability of the price at this point.
@_date: 2011-05-19 04:48:54
What do you mean by the 'value' of a block?  You mean the reward?  
Just so I understand what you are saying, if bitcoin grows and there are thousands of transactions per block the blocks themselves will contain much more than 50 BTC in transaction fees?  That could happen quickly as there would still be the free ones you get for completing the block plus all the various transaction fees in there.  It could get very profitable to be a miner in the near future if the current trend continues (my thoughts are that it has gained traction and is growing but the value and volume will probably drop off for a while waiting for the next media exposure and spike of interest).
@_date: 2011-08-02 03:31:44
That's what they said when people criticized the FED "Please shut up".
@_date: 2011-05-23 23:22:01
There is a scripting language that you can use to prevent access to the bitcoins unless specific parameters are met.  This scripting language also allows you to attach random strings of text to the transaction if you want.  
For web shops you just generate a new address for each client.  You store that address in a database and wait for the transactions to be included in blocks, and that means you got your money.  If it came in on a specific address it was for that customer.  They could even have a third party pay on their behalf because any money sent to that address would credit to their account.  There is no need for external systems of any kind to do e-commerce style transactions.
If you want to set up a site that operates in USD but accepts BTC then you have to update with the exchange rate from time to time.  Since it changes quickly update every 15 or 30 minutes.  You can also charge a little more on the BTC side of things due to the slightly increase risk of BTC dropping between the time you get them and sell them for USD.  
By accepting BTC you are also increasing the demand and value of it.  That means that when you accept BTC you are investing in the currency itself.  That investment will increase the value of the currency just by increasing demand.
@_date: 2011-06-18 18:44:53
I think the biggest source of confusion in this conversation was the fact that I read most of the "they aren't fake" responses to mean "fake difficulity doesn't mean fake block" (which is bullshit if you know how changing anything in the source data will completely change the resulting SHA256 hash) instead of reading some of them as "You are not given a fake difficulty in the header, it is just part of pooled mining where you are asked to check in occasionally with hashes that are below a provided difficulty, not part of the block header". 
Hell, at one point I had been told so many times that you are given fake blocks to work on that I started arguing for that side of the conversation hoping someone would prove me wrong.  I'm sure trying to follow my position on the subject in this entire discussion thread is difficult.
@_date: 2011-05-24 00:31:16
They are using similar open source frameworks and they just haven't taken the time to properly skin them to distinguish them from each other.  So they are all kinda "defaulty".
Another consideration for shopping cart would be if someone already released some module that works for that shopping cart to allow buying and selling with bitcoin as a currency.  If that already exists it forces you to rewrite it or use the software that works with the currency you want to use.
@_date: 2011-07-03 23:35:41
In this case though it is more like "of the 4 saloons in town one gets by far the most tips in the tip jar".
This data is interesting in relationship to the forums, but drawing conclusions from it is stupid.  For one, take Gavin's address out of the mix entirely, as that is the faucet address and not his own personal address.  The other people are probably regular contributors and were being paid for their assistance or information.  
It is reasonable to assume that a small portion of the forum users have the time and ambition to be regular users of the forums and that a small subset of those people will consistently provide accurate, timely and useful information.  
You are seeing an example of income disparity based on varied levels of skill, not distribution of wealth.  That one saloon has much better customer service is all.  You are not looking at all users of the currency but just a tiny subset of users in a specific, nonstandard grouping.
@_date: 2011-06-23 07:53:12
There is a private message function.  They didn't say "IN THIS POST" but rather just on reddit.
@_date: 2011-06-07 23:28:51
I think you are exaggerating things here.  BTC won't topple any governments, it will just force them to deal with problems using actual solutions instead of just printing more money to throw at them.  
Banks, while sometimes virtually indistinguishable from governments, are the ones that will be hit the hardest with this as it is no longer necessary to patronize banking institutions if you can send money anywhere instantly with nothing more than an internet connection and a computer.  They will still be around for fractional reserve banking and loans, but it will be much harder to convince people do make deposits in their banks when doing so would only make your money less accessible.
Banks work with governments and therefore WILL use their government's power to try and prevent this shift of power.  Our freedom comes at their expense, and since they control our economy they will hold our other economies hostage.  Look what they did when they thought they might not be able to afford their bonuses.  They demanded our government pay a ransom of $700,000,000,000 or they would let our economy crash (according to their projections and they are bankers so they would know).  Imagine what they will threaten if BTC ever looks like a legitimate contender for a globally-accepted currency.
I don't think that BTC will ever replace any government's currency, but will be used along side them.  Like we use our paypal balance to buy things online, BTC will fill a specific and limited role, but in doing so it will create an immense amount of personal freedom for the users and shift some of the power and authority away from the monolithic banking industry.
@_date: 2011-06-16 15:14:20
Wow, that sucks.  You fucking solved a block yourself and were in a pool.  Imagine if you had not joined the pool.
That's like buying a lottery ticket and winning, but being in a lottery pool with 1000 other people and only getting $30
@_date: 2011-06-17 02:44:23
I don't understand the question.  A system of tracking that relies on bitcoins not being a useful currency.  Where did that concept come from and how does it relate?  
And for the record, refusing to concede a logical point because you are extremely sensitive is counterproductive.  I don't know where it was that you felt I insulted you, but I'm guessing it was when I dared to challenge your demonstrably false statement.  I don't really care if you are overly sensitive, that's something you need to deal with.  
Being wrong is something you must become accustomed to.  We are all wrong much of the time.  That is how the human mind works.  We pick an assumption and run with it as if it were true until that assumption is either reinforced or proven wrong.  If we were unable to do this we would be generally ineffective beings paralyzed by ignorance.  
As it is, ignorance is a fundamental trait of all human beings.  There is always an infinite amount of data we are ignorant of at all times.  No matter how much one person has learned and knows there is always an infinite amount of data we still just don't know about.  To compensate for this we must constantly trick ourselves into believing that we know what we know and that what we know is true and at the same time ignore all the aspects we know that we don't know to keep it from becoming overly complicated. 
So, how I look at it is that as long as I'm right more than 50% of the time then I'm doing pretty damn good.  If you can prove to me that it is, in fact, completely impossible to ever, in any circumstance, be able to prove that someone stole your wallet.dat file I will gladly, and without any embarrassment admit in an unencumbered and forthright manner that I was wrong.  The simple fact is that basic logic simply does not support your statements and does support mine.
Allowing yourself to be wrong without judgment is one of the most freeing things a person can do for themselves.  The realization that we are constantly wrong about everything is also freeing.  We have such a limited understanding of this world, and such an arrogant and ego-centric mind, that we are at constant battle with the belief that being right somehow reaffirms us as a person, and being wrong is somehow a character flaw.  
And for the record I don't see an insult anywhere in this conversation thread.  If you think the reference to your ego was an insult it was not.  I was simply pointing out that you have been proven wrong and are unwilling to admit that.  The only reason for that which I can come up with is that your ego will not let you concede for some reason.  That's just an observation.  An observation that is apparently true based on your response "I'm not conceding because you're insulting me".  If we were actually having a logical debate, whether you thought you were being insulted or not would have no bearing on your willingness to admit whether or not your logical premise was proved to be consistent or inconsistent. 
@_date: 2011-12-16 20:39:03
It is all in the protocol.  Bitcoin is only a protocol.  The client and other implementations you see are all independent software applications that tend to adhere to the bitcoin protocol.  
Those who mine know the rules, or they should.  Discussions about how the value of bitcoin may change drastically when the payouts decrease are frequent among miners and speculators.  
@_date: 2011-06-23 22:37:02
It doesn't really hurt to store the unique salt next to the encrypted password in the database.  I mean, obviously if you can keep the salt separate then that increases security, but the purpose of salt is to increase the amount of time and effort it takes to brute-force a password from the hash.  If they have to go through an entire iteration on every single user's encrypted password just to see if it is weak, then it takes as many times longer as there are users to hash the entire database.
Triple salted, triple encrypted passwords would increase the effort required threefold.  Here is a very rough estimation of what I think they are probably doing:   
@_date: 2011-08-01 19:42:12
I'd say that constitutes a "central controlling authority" in some way.  What if I want to run an old version?  I thought this was currency by consensus, not currency by what one guy thinks is best for us.  
@_date: 2011-06-24 23:38:16
That is just silly.  Thousands of times on SHA512?  Really?   
A simple rule like minimum 8 character length passwords would do more than "thousands" of SHA512 iterations.
@_date: 2011-12-06 16:32:01
Glenn Beck said it was a scam so instead I bought some gold rooster coins at 600% of their market value.
@_date: 2011-10-26 19:50:59
Stop trolling me!  I almost responded with: 






This site sucks.  Can you imagine if I had been tricked into posting that?  It would have been so embarrassing. 
@_date: 2011-05-23 09:48:21
There will be devices released to the public.  Trust me, during the gold rush not everyone wanted to mine gold.  There will be companies providing mining equipment, especially those who already have FPGA cluster products they can re-tool for this purpose.  Those with that sort of hardware will see this as an opportunity to sell more hardware, as that is the business they are in.  Those who want to mine will mine. 
@_date: 2011-11-06 08:27:46
Right.  That is why I'm comparing it to the risk associated with credit cards, and not saying "it's impossible".  The risk you accept when taking credit cards or checks is much greater than the risk of having someone actually go through all the trouble to be able to double-spend a few bitcoins.  It is also more likely that your "10%" would just create an orphaned block chain that nobody else would accept the blocks from and your double-spent bitcoins would not even be useful in the end.  The vendor is likely to realize they were duped and never ship the product.
My basic point is that people freak out about 6 confirmations, but if you are willing to accept the risk of selling using credit cards then releasing the goods at 1 confirmation (or in some cases 0) it is perfectly acceptable.  Don't feel like you MUST wait for 6, but on the same note, if it's not a digital or instant good you may be able to wait for 6 without an issue.  Every business model is different and the number 6 is not the right number for every business model. 
@_date: 2011-05-17 22:46:07
Yes, you are right.  I always forget that people don't actually use logic when it comes to money.  Don't ask "Who in their right mind would buy in this market" and instead just sell what you want to sell.  Someone will buy it.  
I should rephrase my statement to "**I** would never buy an option betting the price will stay high when I can just look at the graph and see, obviously, the price is going to tank as quickly as it did last time there was a spike like this".  At this point the market is so small that fluctuations are huge.  That will level out over time as more consistent volume is traded.
@_date: 2011-06-28 21:24:49
There is no requirement that the blocks are discovered every 10 minutes.  The difficulty just tries to compensate for blocks being found too quickly and slowing things down with a target of every 10 minutes.
Many people use the 10 minute goal as if it were in fact a rule.  I have seen people say "you can't base an e-commerce site on a protocol that needs ten minutes to verify a transaction" and such.  The thing is that if they really knew what they were talking about, or chose to describe it accurately, they would say something like "on a protocol that could take anywhere from one second to hours".  
He also encoded some message about the bank bailouts or something in there as what would equate to a comment (I think he defined a string that was never used or something).  That is how I found out that the first block was hard-coded.  There was a reddit post about it a few weeks ago.
@_date: 2011-08-01 23:37:39
That sounds reasonable, but still appears and functions as a mining-subsidy tax.  I thought the protocol itself already de-prioritizes "spammy" transactions... is this not true?  If bitcoin is subject to such an attack that also means that when a single satoshi is worth a loaf of bread the network will self-spam itself to death with valid transactions.  
So either the developers are implementing a tax on new users to subsidize mining, or the entire protocol is horribly flawed and not at all scalable for use as a world-wide currency.  
I'm fully on-board with bitcoin itself, and to be honest, I could give a fuck about the "official" client at this point.  If I gave a fuck I would probably be submitting patches or releasing a fork of it, or whatever.  I'm just pointing out logical inconsistencies.  New users are being driven away by the perception of having been lied to.  I know this for a fact.  
If there is a flaw in the issuance of a currency the central bank adjusts the amount in circulation to account for the mistake.  When there is a flaw in the bitcoin protocol the "central authority" just mandates the behavior of the users through rules in the client software.  While that may work at this point, and only run off a small percentage of new users, when the "official" bitcoin client is no longer the most widely used (look at bittorrent as an example, the "official" client is by no means anywhere near the most popular client) it will not be as simple as that.  Either the protocol is strong enough to withstand such an attack or the current band-aid won't hold much longer.
My point is that the "official" client should not stoop to such levels of hypocrisy.  
TL;DR: Scumbag Bitcoin Developers: "No central authority" ... *implements a tax on new users sending small transactions*.
@_date: 2011-11-16 18:21:46
Almost all of the sites have shitty prices.  They are just trying to force the risk of market volatility on the customer. 
@_date: 2011-06-23 06:53:47
But who is the alternative?  Seriously, none of the other exchanges have picked up speed at any appreciable rate.  
What we need is a real exchange.  Someone needs to trust bitcoin enough to actually start a company that gets licensed and sets up shop in every state that requires licenses and all that shit.  An existing bank that is already registered would be ideal, but I doubt any traditional institution would take the risk (even Western Union, Money Gram and PayPal, who would do well to adapt in order to stay relevant, will all probably avoid, if not attempt to undermine bitcoin's success). 
So we are waiting for one of the bootstrapped exchanges to pick up speed and become the next real exchange, or we need some rich guy who wants to see bitcoin succeed dump a whole bunch of money into a risky business proposition that may not even be valid 6 or 12 months from now.  
The problem is that we are in the Wild West of digital currency and the only people who are willing to risk everything are those who have nothing more than a horse and leather satchel to lose.  The railroads will eventually make the investment to connect all the way out here, but until then you have to trust private parties on horseback that you may never see again.  Hell, this part of the interwebs is still technically part of Mexico.  It may never even become part of the United States.
@_date: 2011-06-16 20:19:01
So, if a "significant" number of blocks are fake bullshit blocks just to check in on you then a solo miner would have a "significant" advantage over pooled miners.
@_date: 2011-06-23 06:34:19
I hope you never build a site that deals with actual money.  NEVER USE FLOATS FOR MONEY!  EVER! Not even doubles or triples or quadruple precision ... money is integer, always integer, every time integer.
If I were to build it I would actually store everything in satoshis instead of full bitcoin as that is the smallest usable fraction of a single bitcoin and therefore would allow usage into the foreseeable future without any modification to the site's money processing code, just display code (and hopefully only one variable that sets the number of displayed decimal points site-wide).
Since you brought up the technical aspects I felt it appropriate to first respond technically.  Now, what I was actually saying was a full integer (the type of number, not the definition of the column in the database) as relating to a full bitcoin.  Id est: 1 BTC = 1.0 value in the user's bitcoin balance column of the database (as we discussed previously it would probably be stored as 100000000 technically, but that level of accuracy is excessive for the point I was making so we will remain abstracted to common terms instead of technical descriptions of specific implementations).  If they pushed a value into the database representing a number of bitcoins that do not in reality exist the Mt.Gox system would believe them, because the only way for them to have  a BTC balance is for them to add funds to the account right?  No hacker could change that value so we have to assume that person has 432109.87654321 in their account, the database says so.  
There is no 1 real BTC to correlate to each full integer value worth of bitcoin in the database (whether stored as double or integer or string).  
If someone could just add value to their account and then hit "sell" and crash the market with money that does not exist then Mt. Gox would have no way to make good on all the transactions that happened as a result of these imaginary numeric-value-in-a-sql-table bitcoins.  Their only choice would be to roll things back.  And without admitting their database was open to the fucking world for weeks, if not months, their only other response is to lie and make up some mystery account holder with 500,000 BTC sitting in their account that had a shitty password and was easily hacked because they let a security auditor review their entire database of customers and that security consultant got hacked or something like that.  
@_date: 2011-08-02 04:18:54


Logic does not support this statement.  How can multiple authorities all be **the** de facto authority?  If there were two, and one had 99% adoption and another 1% then there would still be one "de facto" authority.  But if there are many clients, and all clients have a significant share then there is not even one "de facto" authority.  
I don't think that you understand the concept of "de facto".  It means "by fact" and regardless of precedence or entitlement.  The "Mainline" bittorrent client is no longer the de facto client, just as I hope one day the official "mainline" bitcoin client is no longer the de facto client.  And thereby the developers will no longer be the de facto controlling authority mandating our behaviors on a pubic network with specific pre-defined rules we all have previously agreed upon (the protocol itself).
The mandated fees don't even protect us from the supposed exploit.  I can go and patch my copy of bitcoind right now to not require that fee, and then set up a perl script to beat the shit out of the client's RPC socket sending 0.00000001 BTC transactions amongst my own addresses for a few weeks and you all would have to deal with 100GB block chains.  How does forcing the honest users to pay a tax actually prevent me from doing this?  Sure it would take a few weeks for all those transactions to finally land in your block chain, because the protocol will notice this and delay the transactions, but I will have, given enough time, done exactly what they intended you don't. 
It is not only illogical and contrary to the stated goals, it is also as ineffective as DRM by punishing and driving away the honest users in an attempt to prevent an exploit which it does nothing to prevent as anyone wanting to perform the attack is fully able to do so.  It buys them no time, only the appearance of time.
@_date: 2011-06-28 16:12:56
Sure.  At one point a guy hand-coded a block if you can believe that.
@_date: 2011-06-17 03:06:12
If your hash meets the difficulty inside the block header at the specified offset then it is a solution.
If the pool gives you a fake block header to work on just to prove you are working then that time finding the solution to the fake block header is time that you are not finding the solution to a real block header.
So, when the miner says "I FOUND A HASH THAT SOLVES THE BLOCK!!!" it means that it found a hash that solves the block it was assigned.  If that block is a real block header then you solved it.  If that block is a fake block header to verify you are working, then you did solve the block, you found the appropriate hash, it is just that the pool's bitcoin daemon gave you a bogus block to work on.
Either way, if your mining rig finds the hash that solves the block, you solved the block.  That's how it works.  The mining process does not tell you about the billions of hashes that don't solve the block.  It probably couldn't display a result for all those.  If it says it found a hash, then it solved a fucking block.  If you were solo mining that would be 50 BTC to you.  If you are mining in a pool, apparently that doesn't really mean shit.
@_date: 2011-08-17 01:55:12
How many connections do you have at the bottom of the window?  How many blocks as well?
You should have at least 141281 blocks (as of right now, check block explorer for more recent count) and more than 0 connections.
@_date: 2011-12-02 16:07:05
I was saying you don't have to go back more than 250 years or leave your country to see MULTIPLE examples of failures.
Not only have humans done this thousands of times and failed to learn, this one country has many times.  It is a curiosity in cultural manipulation. 
@_date: 2011-10-07 20:47:15
ITS A CRASH! SELL ME ALL YOUR BITCOINS! QUICK! 
@_date: 2011-06-17 03:12:46
If the value set for the difficulty at the specific offset in the block header you are working on is not valid then the block header you were assigned is not valid.  Another way to say that is that the block header was fake.
I'm not interested in arguing semantics.  The difficulty is not lower, therefore the block header is not valid, therefore you were working on a fake block header.
@_date: 2011-05-23 08:01:37
Hell yes!  I like that guy.
@_date: 2011-08-06 21:35:03
The speculators are selling off and moving on.  The technically savvy people are building the market to create value, which will eventually bring the speculators back.  The thing is that bitcoin isn't useful enough yet to support that large of a market.  
@_date: 2011-06-26 18:22:37
Your entire post could  be summed up as:


If there are no weak passwords in your database it does not matter if it takes 1 clock cycle or 5 minutes to hash each attempt.  Making the process take longer will slow them down, but 5 years per password versus 20 years is still years per account.  After weeks or months of getting no results from their efforts they will give up. 
Slowing down the hashing process will do nothing against weak passwords.  10 milliseconds versus 5 minutes per password is insignificant.
From a technical standpoint you are absolutely correct.  More hashes will take longer and it is not a bad idea.  My point is just that you don't need to dot "thousands" of iterations if the hashing mechanism is unknown from just a database dump and the hashing mechanism is more complex than just `md5($pwd)`. 
Long, complex passwords, by themselves, will do more than thousands of iterations, however the effect of both would be additive. 
@_date: 2011-07-20 23:31:21
The currency you receive is irrelevant.  If you accepted carrots in exchange for your car you still have to pay taxes.  
It pisses me off when people say that bitcoin is not taxable.  Cash is not taxable by the same logic.  You still accepted the money and legally, according to the current tax code, you have to pay for making that money.  End of fucking story. 
Either pay your taxes or don't, but not paying them just because you received bitcoin instead of another form of payment is illogical.  Don't pay your taxes if you don't want to, or pay them if you think you should.  That is your choice and bitcoin has NOTHING to do with it.
@_date: 2011-08-24 08:39:52
 on freenode is a great place to buy and sell "over the counter".  There is some setup as you have to register your GPG key with the bot and all that (instructions in their wiki) and then you can trade with others.  The reason you have to register with the bot is so that you can maintain a rating and so that others can verify that you are worthy of trading with. 
To buy with paypal you will have to probably do a few small transactions to gain trust.  Once you have some history people will be more likely to trade with you.
The reason that PayPal is difficult to buy bitcoins with is that you, as the sender of the PPUSD, have the ability to dispute the transaction, get your money back, and most likely get the BTC seller's PayPal account shut down due to violations of the AUP and TOS (virtual currency trading is not permitted by PayPal).  
So, for someone to accept PPUSD in exchange for BTC, which cannot be reversed once they send it, they are trusting you quite a lot, and you are trusting them very little.  Establishing a history of trades over time simply indicates that you probably are not using a stolen PayPal account.
Good luck.  [I saw in this post a few days ago]( that was selling bitcoins using google checkout but they were charging $18 USD per BTC and I could not justify the price.  
@_date: 2011-07-04 18:33:31
I have posted on the forums, but I do not feel compelled to post my address.  The sampling is not only non-random (comprised mostly [say 90%] of power-users of the forum who think they provide some service and could possibly deserve compensation for their time and effort), it is inherently incomplete (we only have one address of potentially very many).  Also, this group highly favors long-standing members of the group as a user is more likely to add an address the longer they are a member, which means the sample includes a disproportionate number of "old-timers".
A better way would be to take a survey of random people who are not frequenting a bitcoin forum.  Just call random people until you find around 500 people that claim to use bitcoin.  Then you ask a number of questions and find out actual demographic and statistical information about real bitcoin users.  The above described "survey", if we can even bring ourselves to call it that colloquially, would be so methodologically negligent as to hopefully permanently disparage the researcher's reputation in the scientific community (unless they are trying to prove that drugs are bad and we should wage a war against minority drug users in America, then they go on NIDA's list of greedy scientists that will write anything for a buck).
The ONLY way that this data can be used to describe anything remotely useful and accurate is if it is qualified with "Regarding received donations among those who have posted an address on the bitcoin forums ...", because that is the only group any of the resulting conclusions will apply to accurately". 
The forums themselves DO have a fairly random sampling of users, however there is no requirement for all users to expose all of their addresses in order to use the forums, therefore we do not have an adequately random sample of participants, nor do we have a complete set of data for those participants.
The data is useless outside of describing the donations received by the subset of bitcoin users who have posted one of their many addresses on the forums.  
@_date: 2011-06-06 20:35:50
Yea, not exactly.  That was a google employee who happened to write some code and release it open-source.  That had nothing to do with google as a company.
@_date: 2011-12-01 14:39:39
edit: My first response was a little harsh.  I'm rewriting it entirely after some thought.  BBIAB.
@_date: 2011-11-06 08:52:52
Apparently you missed my point.  I'm not talking about the actual mechanisms themselves, just the fact that both have risk and if you would lose 90% of your business if you made them wait 20 minutes, and your profit margins are high enough, then accept the risk and make a ton of money.   If you are shipping hot tubs and waiting 24 hours for them to clear is fine then it isn't a problem.   Every case is different. 
It is a matter of accepting some risk as part of your business plan, if necessary.  With the two the type of risk is different, but if your business model will accept some risk and it would increase your bottom line, then whatever makes sense.
@_date: 2011-06-26 04:05:20
Hashing itself is trivial. You can hash anything you want as fast as your hardware will hash it.  The thing is that you have to generate the things to hash.  That generation can be done from dictionary databases, or random generation.  
Hashing one password out of the entire user database would only take so long, but that's just one password.  You don't have 5 years to guess each one so you have to just look for weak ones.
If every password in the database is 8 or 12 characters long and must have upper, lower, numeric and at least one special character then any hacker will have a pretty damn hard time brute forcing one password, let alone more than one if each has triple unique salts mixed into the hashing algorithm.  
@_date: 2011-07-05 23:39:37
KEEP DDOSSING, IT'S COMING BACK! QUICK, BEFORE BITCOINS ARE WORTHLESS!
No, no need to worry.  It is just a mining pool and until they add an interface to allow you to buy optional services like transaction roll-back and blacklisting of addresses or something like that I don't think you have anything to worry about. 
If you mine at deepbit and it concerns you, stop and find another pool, such as mt.red.
@_date: 2011-12-16 16:21:29
I've never used the testnet but I do test with very small amounts in the wallet, like 10 BTC.  
@_date: 2011-09-09 19:52:02
sweet, I know who I'm voting for in 2012
@_date: 2011-07-21 22:20:18
Propaganda is scary.
@_date: 2011-06-28 00:19:10
I am a linux sysadmin.  It took me DAYS to get the cards working.  I had to start over at one point because the instructions I was following were for different versions of ubuntu, the ATI drivers were not installing properly (had to symlink quite a number of files to get the ati control scripts to even recognize the cards) etc.  
I was using ubuntu 11.04, 64-bit, so there were not as many instructions to go off of and by the time I had tried to follow three different incomplete sets of instructions I finally gave up, wiped out the system, and started over following the best set I could find. 
In the end I got it working, but only by learning an immense amount about the subject above and beyond linux system administration basics (such as compiling code and tracking down what linked libraries were not linked by the ATI installer and manually linking those libraries so you can move on to the next step in the instructions and actually have it work this time).
I wish you good luck, but I took too much time away from my day job to set that rig up and I don't even have it in front of me anymore for reference.  
You will also probably find more help in as they are actually specifically a subset of bitcoin users who also mine.  Asking in here you will probably get a lot more general answers like "join a pool" which do nothing to actually help you get set up and mining.
@_date: 2011-06-16 15:01:27
It is basically possible to prove someone stole a file from your computer.  It is called evidence.  Sometimes you have it, and sometimes you don't.
What you are saying is that files CAN be stolen without much, if any, evidence left behind.  The way you are phrasing it is just illogical and false.  Your point is valid, but you aren't expressing it using words that express a logically consistent idea.
Let me try one:
It is basically impossible to prove that someone murdered someone.
That is a false statement.  It is POSSIBLE that someone could commit murder without leaving behind sufficient evidence to prove that they murdered the person, but it is also POSSIBLE that they do leave some evidence.  
You cannot say it is impossible to prove someone stole something.  Digital or physical.  In fact, with bitcoin it is MORE possible to prove than with cash because of the simple reason that we are not forced to track the serial numbers of our cash in order for it to be valid, but with bitcoin the only way for the currency to be valid is for every single transaction to be tracked.
Example scenario:
I have a wallet.dat file on my computer.  Someone breaks into my network, or house, and steals the file somehow.  Let's say they leave no direct evidence (came in through multiple proxies or carefully broke in without leaving detectable physical evidence).  At this point you would say "See?  You can't prove it".  Bullshit.
Let's say that person then takes those bitcoin they stole and spends them.  Let's say they then upload them to their Mt.Gox account, sell them, and try to deposit the USD into their bank account.  This in not unreasonable to assume they may attempt this as they think bitcoin is anonymous (it CAN BE anonymous if used that way, but the block chain is public, if you can put a name to an address it is not anonymous).  
So if we were to subpoena Mt.Gox for any and all information they have about the person, that would include their USD bank account, which we could then subpoena the bank for their actual information and then get a search warrant for their computers.  
If you can prove that you were the owner of that wallet.dat file (very easy as the block chain will show you making trades and purchases at specific times and dates with those addresses prior to the new party gaining access to your private keys and thereby your addresses, the labels on the receive addresses will be people you know and not the thief, etc.), and they find the stolen wallet.dat file on the thief's computers, or addresses that the money was subsequently sent to en masse, you can prove that they stole it, and that they are in possession of stolen property.
It is possible to prove that someone stole a digital file, especially one with a very public, and extremely difficult to forge, record of events relating to the use of that digital file.  It is called "collection of evidence".  If it was impossible to prove theft of digital property then all these fucked up copyright laws would be moot.   
@_date: 2011-11-13 22:11:18
I'd set up a dwolla account if I were you.  It will take two business days to verify your account, but get it set up now rather than later.  Then in two days you can trade in the "today" time frame.  
@_date: 2011-06-17 03:14:53
You are missing the line of reasoning.  I'm not saying it is true.  I am saying that if it is true that the number of fake block headers you are assigned to prove you are working are in fact "significant", then it would logically follow that a solo miner would have a correlated "significant" advantage over pooled mining. 
I am disputing that the mechanism to verify work comprises a "significant" number of the blocks you are required to solve in a mining pool.
@_date: 2011-08-18 10:35:06
It is a mining subsidy tax with the sole purpose of obfuscating a gaping vulnerability in the design of the bitcoin protocol.  The protocol itself slows down the transactions this fee is designed to prevent, however many transactions, regardless of how long they take to get added to the blockchain, will, eventually, be added to the blockchain and thereby increase the size of it.  Adding a seemingly insignificant fee to small, young, or large/complex transactions means that the type of transaction flooding attack is less likely as it would consume a significant amount of bitcoin in order to generate enough transactions to cause a problem.
Basically, bitcoin is good to it's word on paper, but in the real world humans are overworked and so a tax will have to do instead of a fix for now.  
@_date: 2011-06-16 16:48:00
That is almost certainly not true as it would be counterproductive to the pool itself.  The pool wants everyone working on real work all the time so that the pool gets as many solved blocks as possible.  I'm sure there is a mechanism to ensure your node is actually doing work, but that mechanism should not significantly reduce the productivity of the pool or other pools, and especially individual miners, would have a significant advantage over them.
@_date: 2011-11-05 08:09:04
Under current conditions you can be relatively certain after 0 confirmations that the transaction will go through.  Anything more than that increases the difficulty of reversing it.  
So, short answer: paranoia.  
Bitcoin is already inherently much more secure, from a chargeback standpoint anyway, than traditional electronic money, such as credit cards or bank transfers.  Even at 0 you are more protected than with a credit card transaction.
I usually tell people to use 2 or 3 as a basis for most transactions as a compromise.  On anything less than $50 or so 0 or 1 should be sufficient for almost all purposes. 
Using 6 confirmations is merely a sycophantic adherence to Satoshi's suggestions. 
@_date: 2011-05-19 07:29:16
If they can find someone in Venezuela that would take gold or silver in exchange for bitcoin I think the same person, in Venezuela mind you, would take their VEB in exchange for BTC.  One would assume anyway since they are in Venezuela and VEB is legal tender.  I don't know, maybe they would want gold more.  It is possible.
@_date: 2011-05-23 08:44:37
You have yours for sale?  
@_date: 2011-06-28 20:01:18
He may have use something to hash the empty (other than generation) transaction headers, but he manually constructed the block itself.  I didn't say he hashed the block headers manually, just that the block was constructed by hand.
@_date: 2011-10-06 23:49:29
@_date: 2011-05-24 21:05:21
You can auto-sell at Mt.Gox using their API if you want to.  You can also adjust the price of the game every 15 min based on the value of BTC.
It would create more volume, which would increase the viability of the currency.  They would just get the USD they wanted for the game in the first place but accept a currency that cannot be reversed.
@_date: 2011-06-23 05:22:44
I think you missed the point.  If one of THEIR customers was actually hacked, and that person had $7,000,000 or so worth of bitcoin to throw around I'm guessing they are not an average person. 
Their story doesn't add up whether the exchange is legal in Japan or not.  Either a great number of accounts were hacked or zero accounts were hacked and someone just inserted a huge number into their own account's BTC column and hit "sell them all" and that bitcoin never existed in the first place.
If someone had 500,000 BTC in Mt.Gox the entire thing would have been a much bigger issue.  Investigation does not mean authorities.  It appears they were not investigating, but rather they probably knew full well what happened and were busy trying to roll back a bunch of transactions that could never be fulfilled because the bitcoin never existed.
Admitting their site was hacked is much worse than admitting some third party fucked up.  They don't want to admit that their actual site was hacked because it would undermine their credibility.  Instead they just blame their users for short passwords and blame an imaginary "security" auditor who accidentally lost track of a very important client's database.  Conveniently they made no mistakes in this entire episode.  
It is a matter of plausibility.  What you said does not make their official story any more plausible.  
@_date: 2011-12-02 14:03:18
I actually believe that you probably do as you say and discard all information from memory.  That is actually the most logical and safest way to operate for multiple reasons, including the ones you specified.  This is based on a hunch formed from a brief interaction with you on the internet.  While I am inclined to trust you there is little evidence that my supposition is accurate.  
I am also approaching this conceptually.  You have presented one specific example of this offline stored-value  concept, there are many.  While I am discussing and directing my comments at this one particular device I'm more interested in discussing the nature of bitcoin especially how it compares to other currencies and instruments. 
I think that any offline bitcoin stored-value device requires a level of trust between both parties as well.  Just like a paper-check it would probably be wise to make sure the check "clears" instead of just verifying the account balance in cases where you do not trust the other party.  Luckily with bitcoin clearing a check is a fairly instant process that you can do yourself instead of trusting a large, complex, slow banking system. 
Now, here is where this breaks down for me.  In cases where you meet someone in person and want to transfer the value, if you both have phones you can just send the  money and verify it was sent.  If I take the time to fill out a check and then hand it to you and you instantly cash it we could have done that with a bitcoin client.  If only one person has a phone they can't verify the value themselves on a device they control and trust.  And they can't verify that there is a private key under the sticker.  And I could just literally print a private key as a 2D barcode on a piece of paper to serve the same purpose.
So instead let's look at a different scenario.  You print the check, drop it in an envelope, place a stamp on it and mail it to someone.  They open it, scan it and credit your account or ship a product to you, or whatever they do.  How could this transaction not have been completed instantly and through the bitcoin client?  In the week it took to mail it the check the bitcoins would have already arrived and been verified a thousand times.  Also for orders of contraband items the vendor then must reveal their address in order to accept the check which they do not need to do in order to accept bitcoins.  
So, any scenario where you would want the money stored for a short period of time could be accomplished inter-protocol.  Any scenario where you use these as a storage mechanism for long-term storage requires a greater amount of trust of the issuer proportionate to the duration during which a value is stored on that device.
I guess you can call me a pragmatist, but I have a habit of ruminating on new information until I reduce it to its most practical form to see if the concept holds valid.  From what I can tell this is a purely novelty item and derives nearly 100 percent of its value from being "awesome" (which they are).  You have basically replaced the gasoline engine in your car with a steam engine, which is cool, but is going back in time as far as practicability is concerned. 
I think one of the draws towards traditional instrument forms, such as paper checks, is merely a form of comfort.  We are used to seeing money printed on a piece of paper, either by the government, a bank or other institution, or on your laser printer at home.  We are used to handing people a physical object that represents "money".  It is comforting to have a new currency conform to the old conventions.  
When I first saw these I was excited.  My mind instantly started running through the myriads of uses for them and one by one they were determined to be less efficient, higher risk, more complex, and more time consuming, not to mention more costly.
Without the hologram sticker there is one practical use I can think of (at least until more complex scripting can be included into the transactions using a default or common client).  If I retained the private key (i.e. no hologram) I can recall the funds if the third party does not perform, or the check is lost, or whatever other reason.  If this check, in its current form, is lost in the mail ... it is lost.  
I would probably purchase some of these blank and use them like quickbooks checks.  They really are "awesome".  I'm just failing to find any practical uses for them, in their current form, beyond a novelty.  I'm not saying that I have considered every scenario, I would be interested to hear of those I have not thought of.  I just find it difficult to justify going extra-protocol unless you are willing to trade not needing an electronic device to validate the transaction in exchange for giving up all of the security that bitcoin provides you.  Bitcoin is actually at a huge disadvantage offline, and anyone can print up a piece of paper with a 2D barcode on it and say "hey, there are bitcoins on there, I swear".  If you can't validate it you can't be sure, and if you can validate it you can just send the coins with a bitcoin client.
Seriously though, I'm curious of scenarios where an offline transaction would be preferable. 
@_date: 2011-06-30 00:43:22
Do you understand how fractional reserve banking works? 
My question is how would a "bank" convince bitcoin users to deposit their funds.  Interest is one thing, but interest without security (insurance, e.g. FDIC) means additional risk.  With this additional risk I would expect somewhere around 10-20% interest.  I doubt they are paying even remotely close to that amount.
@_date: 2011-07-25 11:48:33
Sounds like a royal fuckover.
@_date: 2011-08-02 04:25:13
I know there will be alternatives, and I'm mostly making the argument to bring the point to the surface.  Bitcoin is not as decentralized as we think.  Sure, it CAN be decentralized, but it isn't.  The protocol doesn't mandate that you use the "official" client, but nobody is out there writing a new one to compete yet.  Well, maybe they are, but if I want to use bitcoin right now I have to acquiesce to the will of the mighty bitcoin developers.  
Dissent is a healthy aspect of any democratic process.  If we stop calling them on the tiny, seemingly insignificant things, like a stupid message broadcasting system, we will forget to riot against things like a remote kill-switch, or sweeping changes to the protocol, or anything else like that which may not be in our interests as a userbase, but highly in the interests of those controlling the project.
@_date: 2011-07-11 10:09:18
They changed it to "God" when we went off the gold standard.  They just hoped nobody would notice.  
@_date: 2011-12-01 15:17:21
edit: My first response was a little harsh.  I'm rewriting it entirely.
I have considered this fully and determined that almost any offline stored-value bitcoin device is seriously flawed.  
The only way I would buy these is if I could buy them blank, but then there is no guarantee that there isn't a trollface under the sticker instead of a private key.  
Securing offline stored bitcoins is impossible.  It will require trust no matter what.  It is exactly the same as cash.  If you make it immediately verifiable then anyone along the path can steal it. There is no way to break from the basic protocol and allow the transfer of value without trusting the person carrying your cash in their hands.
I love the idea, but I will probably never buy them.  I'm more likely to just print a private key barcode on a piece of paper myself and hand that to someone just like I would cash.  Unless you can find a way to generate these with one of my private keys under the sticker without actually knowing my private key then I'll buy it. 
I suppose if you were literally using these like checks and just depositing them immediately the risk would be minimized, and my method of just printing a piece of paper with the private key barcode (or the three 2d barcodes you have on the check) would suffice, no need for a hologram or anything.  In fact, the official bitcoin client should add the functionality to "print a stored-value receipt" or something to do exactly that.  
Maybe Bruce Wagner just made me paranoid, but the massive (alleged) theft he pulled off just reinforced my suspicion of any bitcoin storage method that someone else has access to the private keys.  If you never put any value on one of these types of devices that you are not willing to lose then they are "secure enough" I suppose, but that's the thing, people use credit cards and checks because they are reversible!  They really aren't risking any more money than they can afford to lose because there are mechanisms to return the money if it is stolen.  That is not the case with bitcoins.
Anything other than intra-protocol transfers of balance are not bitcoins and therefore require trust of a third party.
@_date: 2011-06-18 05:58:21
You are fucking kidding me.  You don't know what a synonym or a synonymous phrase is?  There can be different words, or groups of words  that mean the same thing (and obviously would not match a simple keyword search).  
Let's take this little snippet for example (originally posted by welliamwallace 1 day ago):


If you send me a block header wherein the difficulty value at the specified offset is invalid, and that header, when solved, does not actually produce a valid block for the valid block chain, then one could assume that the block header that I was given, with a fake difficulty level could be considered fake work because it is not real and has no impact on the actual, real, production, non-fake block chain.
Now that we have covered the basic concept (and hopefully established the fact that I WAS USING THE WORD "FAKE" AS AN EXAGGERATION TO DEMONSTRATE THE FUCKING ABSURDITY OF THE CONCEPT OF BEING GIVEN FAKE FUCKING BLOCK HEADERS JUST TO PROVE YOU ARE WORKING) then we can move on to my response to this person:


Notice that I say "that is almost certainly not true" indicating that I do not believe that the mining pool operator's bitcoin daemon would assign an invalid, or "fake" if you will, header for you to work on just to "prove you are doing work".  There MUST be an easier way to do this.  
As I was attacked from all sides for defending technical accuracy in the discussion you should be able to extrapolate the reason for my harsh response.  I am someone who reads the RFC for a protocol and as a result of my having dug deep into how the bitcoin block chain works I was fairly confident that the sound of fake (yes, I mean "fake") blocks sounded a little off and I stood up and said so.  Apparently more people think I should be downvoted for calling a fake block a fake block than think we should be talking about these things using accurate descriptions of the technology instead of making assumptions.  
@_date: 2011-05-20 23:08:58
The thing is that your address is used when you send money, and that could be tracked back to other transaction.  
So if you plan to send to sketchy vendors money then you may want to start randomizing.  If you aren't buying hookers or weed with BTC then you don't really have to worry.
@_date: 2011-06-17 03:07:49
Thank you.  That was my point.  If a "significant" amount of hashing goes to verification then it would be logical that solo mining would be "significantly" more rewarding.
I doubt it is significant.  People spend days on end tweaking their systems to get a tiny percentage of additional performance out of them.  If pooled mining was that significantly less efficient then I suspect there would be a lot more solo miners.
@_date: 2011-10-25 23:50:04
Either way, it must have been posted by a redditor. 
@_date: 2011-06-13 04:09:37
If you and I decided to trade gold for USD and we met in person and made the trade that would not show up on the publicly traded gold exchanges so that must mean precious metals trading is a huge scam by your logic.
@_date: 2011-06-17 03:00:49
Only if you were the only miner in the pool.  Mathematically and logically your statement is absurd.
If I am 1/10th of a pool that is 1/10th of all mining that means I'm 1% of the entire mining operation network-wide.  If I am 1% of the mining operation network-wide solo or in a pool I am still 1%.
If 1% of my 1% is going to waste in a pool and 0% of my 1% is going to waste solo that means I should average more bitcoin payout solo than in a pool to the tune of 1%.  If the pool also takes 3% then I'm ahead 4% already.
I doubt it is that significant though.  From the way people are talking about it being a significant number of blocks being fake headers to prove you are working it sounds pretty bad.  I don't think pooled mining would be advantageous if it were in fact a significant number of the block headers you are assigned.  
@_date: 2011-06-17 03:10:56
The block header has the difficulty in the header at a specific offset.  If the pool sends you a fake (yes fake) header with a fake (yes fake) difficulty value at that specific offset, and you find a solution to that fake (yes fake) block header and report that fake (yes fake) solution back to the pool then the pool accepts that work as proof that you are working, but it was a fake (yes fake) block header.
You found THE solution to the fake block they gave you.  You don't spontaneously report back bullshit findings like an eager 6 year old trying to please their daddy.  The pool's bitcoin daemon told you to work on a header that was not actually valid.  Another way to say that is that the block header you were assigned was fake.
@_date: 2011-09-10 03:43:55
Interesting, that is plausible. 
@_date: 2011-07-22 19:17:35
I love the idea.  It is an easy way to boycott their sites.  I hope it catches on.  I didn't expect the maintainer of the plugin to respond, but I guess I did hear about it here.  
@_date: 2011-07-21 20:37:44
Cash: The Taxless Currency.
Almonds: The Taxless Currency.
Barter and Trade: The Taxless Currency.
Tax laws say you pay taxes on the value of goods or monies received, not only on USD.  Anyone who says bitcoin is tax free fails to understand the nature of tax laws.
@_date: 2011-07-05 21:03:50
No, something using a latin or greek root meaning "of the people" or "by consensus".  Democratic currency.
@_date: 2011-08-02 04:05:38
You pretend that the ability to communicate ideas on a massive scale is innocuous.  
The voluntary yet mandated transaction fees are an unrepresented tax with the intention of masking a vulnerability of the network.  A small group of people have mandated that we all pay transaction fees and they currently have complete control over the network and how people interact and send money.  Sure, they aren't collecting the tax, and I'm sure the miners love the tx fees, but it still goes against the stated goals of bitcoin.  There is no voluntary about it.  It is unreasonable to assume a new bitcoin user is capable of patching their client to not require that fee if they choose not to pay it.  
These are just two aspects of how bitcoin is being managed right now that fall short of the stated goals of bitcoin.  Sure, I'm nitpicking, but why are you defending them?  It is acceptable to implement a tax as long as there is some huge gaping vulnerability in the system that it covers? 
Also, you claim the mandate that we pay transaction fees in order to prevent a DDoS is absurd.  It has nothing to do with Distributed Denial of Service attacks.  It is to prevent the block chain from growing out of control from millions of tiny 0.000000001 transactions.  A problem which will prevent bitcoin from achieving massive adoption, as even going from $4 to $30, as it did recently, caused the client to become obsolete in a very short period of time as 0.01 (previously a "small" transaction according to the central bitcoin authority) was now worth $0.30 USD, which is not an insignificant amount of money.  They scrambled and a month later they had a patch to the client that kinda solved that, sorta.  
I have no interest in paying a tax for the sole purpose of making a specific attack vector less likely when the protocol just needs to be updated. Sure, I understand the purpose of the tax, and I support the efforts of those receiving the tax, but it goes against the stated goals of the bitcoin project and tends to discredit the project as a whole.
@_date: 2011-06-23 06:47:35
Oh.  Well that is fucking stupid.  Not surprising in the least.  These guys are complete fucking amateurs and not as an opinion, the results of their stupidity are obvious records of antiquity now.
Sorry for jumping on you about that.  You obviously knew integers should be used or you would not have pointed out they were using floats. 
@_date: 2011-06-13 16:33:44
Right.  You can't trade BTC on the normal Mt. Gox market without everyone being able to see. 
You can also trade BTC "physically" or electronically for cash without a market involved.  I made a trade in person for some bitcoins and it did not show up on Mt. Gox or affect the price in any way.
The assumption that all trading of a currency MUST BE DONE ON AN EXCHANGE is totally fucking bullshit.  It is laughable it is so misguided.  Dark pools are basically a message board where you can post how much you have and what you want for it and someone else can say how much they want to buy and for how much.  It is just hooking up buyers and sellers.   on freenode.net provides this same service.  You could use craigslist.org for the same service.
I agree that making it easy to do that on the same site may encourage people to pump the price up directly on the site, but they could do that anyway.  If someone is willing to buy at a price, then they are willing to buy at that price and the price goes up.  Pumping the price up artificially only works to the extent people are willing to buy.  
Commodities and currencies are different than stocks.  When you are trading a company's shares the portion they have sold to the public are all publicly traded and there is no concept of a "dark pool" or "in person trades" or anything like that.  Every trade is known and the price changes are public.  
Bitcoin is not shares in a company.  It is much more like a physical asset.  It is a currency and therefore it MUST be able to be used outside an exchange in order to be useful.  
Basically BTC would be a scam if it could not be traded in a dark pool.  The opposite or inverse of the presented premise is actually true.  
I think most of the confusion here is thinking that the dark pool is some kind of market itself, or part of the market at all.  It is not.  It is just the front lobby of the exchange where traders can buy and sell their bitcoins in-person instead of doing it in the market.  
@_date: 2011-06-17 02:49:23
I'm using the term "fake" to describe work that when solved does not result in the solution of a real block, hence the term "fake".
If you hand me a fake block header to work on to prove that I am mining then that is not correlated to a real block, therefore it represents a fake block.
I understand more about the actual hashing than you apparently do.  I do not know about pooled mining, and from the sound of it I probably don't want to mine in a pool if what everyone is telling me is true because some hashing is wasted just to prove my gpu is doing something.  I'd rather spend that time hashing real block headers.
@_date: 2011-06-23 16:34:44
Uh no.  Massive legal area, sure.  
The only thing grey about this area is that nobody who has the fucking money it takes to get licensed is wiling to do it.  The laws are all on paper.  You hire lawyers to read the laws and tell you what you can and cannot do, and how to do what you can do, and then they file the paperwork in every state and such.  
The ONLY reason it is a grey area is because nobody who wants to set up an exchange is willing to do that.  
@_date: 2011-07-13 01:39:21
In fact, there was this one post by someone named Jessy or something that explains a lot of the aspects of trying to do that.  It was about running a porn site specifically, but it applies to anyone trying to get a slice of a multi-billion dollar industry.
@_date: 2011-06-16 20:20:46
I'm not debating the mechanism, albeit an obviously inaccurate method of work verification, what I am debating is the word "significant".  If a "significant" number of blocks were fake verification blocks then any solo miner, or a pool that does not verify in this manner, would have a "significant" advantage over pooled mining.
@_date: 2011-05-23 22:43:24
bitcoinmunchies.com is one place where you can buy groceries I believe.
Also, that video is not very accurate as you have pointed out.
@_date: 2011-06-23 19:00:12
The DEA raiding Montana dispensaries 10 minutes after a bill making dispensaries illegal being voted on is another example.
They are thugs.  They do not follow the law (commerce clause allows the federal government to control intra-state trade of a legal good?  Fuck you, a 6th grader can tell you are stretching that shit WAY too far just to justify an unconstitutional war on Americans), and they use violence and intimidation ("I don't need a fucking warrant" said before executing a man and his dog in a warrantless home invasion by two police officers in AZ recently), and they finance their operation through theft (civil and criminal asset forfeiture allows them to steal your property on the mere suspicion of a crime and auction it off and THEY GET TO KEEP THE MONEY!).  
Law enforcement MUST be reigned in.  Their ability to self-fund their extra-legislative operations must be removed (simply mandate that all asset forfeitures, including "shared spoils" from federal asset forfeiture, goes into the state's general fund and law enforcement must make a formal, legal, and official request for an increase in their budget).  Their arrogance must be squelched (by simply requiring every police officer to wear a recording device functioning any time they interact with another citizen, and if they do not have the recording from that device at the time of the trial they are disallowed from testifying).  
And finally, the most important thing that will also probably never happen, is that Americans need to start demanding their 12 jurors to decide their fate.  Plea bargains were invented because the court system became too overloaded to properly prosecute alcohol prohibition crimes.  We need to use our right to a jury trial to ensure that they are forced to actually bear the cost of prosecution.  
It actually scares me to imagine the laws that will be abused once marijuana prohibition is repealed.  There are too many of them, and they are addicted to their power and money.  I honestly do not know what the next prohibition will be, but you can be sure they will start another war on something as soon as they lose this one. 
@_date: 2011-12-16 16:30:46
The "mining" as it exists today will go away eventually.  As time goes on the amount you can claim when you solve a block will halve until it no longer applies.  This means right now a solved block is worth 50BTC.  In a few months it will be 25, then a while after that it will be 12.5, and so on.  During that time the theory is that transactions will increase and solving a block should be worth doing based on the transaction fees.
At this time the client enforces some arguably "fair" rules as to what transactions must have fees added onto them (complex/large transactions or one that use recently-spent coins).  This is mostly to prevent spam at this time.  
As the number of transactions increases, and the amount of bitcoins paid as a reward for solving blocks decreases, you will find there is less and less incentive to mine.  The miners have all of the power in this exchange so they can simply turn off their rigs and go home if they can't afford to run them.  We, the users of bitcoin, will then need to start volunteering to pay tips on our transactions.  If we don't they will either ignore or delay the transaction based on whatever criteria they choose.  It is wholly up to them to include, delay, or entirely ignore your transaction..
At some point you may need to put a tip on your transaction to get it processed at all, or within a week or whatever.  The miners are mining now because we are paying them through the inflation of the currency.  When they are no longer being paid through inflation we will need to find another way to pay them.  Until then it is just an easy way to discourage a specific vulnerability in the way that the blockchain is handled right now.  The vulnerability will go away in a future release and it is possible that the mandated fees for complex or recently-used transactions will also go away or change.
@_date: 2011-06-16 03:13:55
Sure you could, at least to the same extent you could prove someone stole any other file or other digital information secured on a personal computer.  
The problem is being able to provide, to the satisfaction of the general public, evidence sufficient enough for the general public to agree to block further transmission of those funds.  Bitcoin is run by consensus, and while you may be able to convince a court, convincing the entire user-base of bitcoin to play along would be difficult.
@_date: 2011-08-01 20:58:37
There is a difference between addressing the matter at hand despite the humor present, and entirely missing the sarcasm.  While you intended it sarcastically, there are those who would seriously present an argument such as yours as a means to quell dissenting opinions.  On the rare chance you were not joking, which is a possibility, it seems necessary to address that as it would do less harm than misinterpreting sincerity as sarcasm and choosing to laugh it off.
@_date: 2011-05-25 00:54:38


Wait, I thought you said you were not ignorant of the facts, but your hilarious idea that "people will be hospitalized" as a result of legalization is so fucking laughable you undermine any credibility you may attempt to establish from this point on.  
I'm going to upgrade you from "ignorant of the facts" to simply "stupid" in my mind.  You can try to change that status, but I doubt you will be able.  Also, I'm not insulting you, I genuinely believe it to be a statement of fact.  The other plausible option is that you are lying.  
@_date: 2011-06-15 17:12:41
This brings up an interesting concept.  The bitcoin client could be updated to somehow track fradulent transactions and notify you in the client if those bitcoins were at one point in the past stolen, and who they actually originally belonged to.
I'm not sure of the implications of that, but technically it would be possible.
@_date: 2011-06-12 18:37:11
Nothing.  It is open-source.  
What is to prevent someone from taking reddit's open-source code and starting the next reddit? 
@_date: 2011-07-06 00:14:11
Until recently every massive sell was followed by frenzied buying.  The fact that people are less frenzied is a good thing, I just want to see it stabilize.  
BTC needs to become a currency instead of just a commodity.  Everyone is trading it like it's an actual commodity, and it does work that way, but because the number of people using it as a currency is so small the market isn't demanding stability.  In fact, the market actually wants volatility right now because volatility is good in a commodity market.  Stability is good in a currency market.  Bitcoin can function as both and I think a healthy balance is necessary to ensure that BTC remains relevant.  
@_date: 2011-07-05 19:22:31
Exactly, I don't think we actually have a name for that kind of currency.  Some smart person needs to coin a term.  
@_date: 2011-05-21 02:46:18
It would actually be easier just to send the transaction to their address using the standard method.  You would have to load the wallet.dat file into a client and see that the transactions are valid before you could trust it, then send the coins to yourself.
It would be fewer steps to just use the wallet as designed and send the transaction.  Many fewer steps.  But yes, if for some reason you needed to do that you could.
@_date: 2011-09-09 18:09:48
The charts simply do not show a similar event 7 days ago, regardless of the time of day in China.
@_date: 2011-09-09 16:48:13
The problem is that there is a never-ending supply of people willing to take ever less for their bitcoin.  It could be panicked investors, or the FBI, or Satoshi himself selling off his vast fortunes of early bitcoins... whatever the reason, every time the buyers say "we will pay less" someone is willing to sell at the lower price. 
Until everyone who has bitcoins has confidence that the price is coming back up and holds out for better offers all that is happening is that your "someone" who is buying the bitcoin is getting to demand whatever price they want for the bitcoins.
Look at the market depth.  All the bets are on the lower price side.  Almost nobody is holding out for a better price.  That tells me that the people who are confident in bitcoin don't have their money in the market, and those who are not confident are willing to take ever fewer dollars for their seemingly worthless bitcoins.  
The speculation and day trading is making bitcoin undesirable as a currency, yet using bitcoin as a currency instead of a commodity is exactly what we need to stabilize the market.  Everyone is mining bitcoins not for bitcoins but for money.  When they mine them, they sell them instantly, so the demand is for the USD or other currencies, BTC is just an intermediate currency that must be exchanged as fast as possible because it is high risk due to speculators constantly fucking with the value.
So you have two factors, many of those who are mining it are doing so for the "real" money and therefore sell as soon as possible, and you have vendors who accept bitcoin dumping them as fast as possible because they need the "real" money to pay their vendors for the "real" products they have to pay for.  So even the commerce being transacted using bitcoins, given the current market situation, is encouraging the selling of bitcoins.
With 50 new bitcoins being added to the pool every 10 minutes the supply is simply exceeding the demand at this point.  There are not enough vendors accepting bitcoin to compete with this.  
I'm sure as the number of bitcoins being produced diminishes, and more vendors start accepting bitcoin, that the value will go up more often than down, but that just hasn't happened as fast as everyone anticipated. 
So yes, someone is acquiring those bitcoins and in doing so they are driving the value downward.  The fact that someone is buying when the value drops is inconsequential... of course someone bought it, the price dropped.  The question to ask is at what price will the sellers become more hesitant to take ever decreasing prices for their bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-06-13 04:13:22
Not always.  DHL does 7-day international if you are willing to pay for it.
@_date: 2011-06-23 16:22:04
That is good to hear.  I'm guessing people who are able to pull their money out of Mt. Gox have started moving it over there.  I guess I meant you didn't see 100% drop on one exchange and the others pick up to the same degree within a very short timeframe.
@_date: 2011-06-16 20:23:17
He has the same chance of solving it solo as he would in a pool.  It seems it was probably a fake, verification block and not real work.
On GPUs a few verification blocks here and there may be insignificant, but if you are CPU mining it would seem that you could spend months trying to find the solution to a fake problem just to prove your miner is running.
I am convinced that CPU and slow GPU mining is probably only worth doing at all if you are not in a pool as a very significant amount of hashing will go to processing verification data and therefore you will get less real "lottery tickets" to work on.
@_date: 2011-06-30 22:29:41


@_date: 2011-07-04 04:00:04
No.  There is pretty much no way that it could be used to indicate anything useful about anyone outside of the small sample included in the data set.
It could, by pure coincidence, be similar to the actual distribution, but, as I said, by pure chance.  
@_date: 2011-06-30 22:28:56
Why even put any storage in them at all?  I'd PXE boot all of those if it were my cluster.
@_date: 2011-08-17 04:46:35
I was wondering how you accounted for fraud.  $18 USD/BTC seems like it would cover your fraud margins just fine. 
I was about to buy a few from you but that is just too expensive.  I'd rather buy in  with my good ratings instead.  I'm glad you are doing this, it is just way too expensive for me.
@_date: 2011-06-23 06:38:57
I don't think you actually read what I said.  I'm saying it is more plausible that they never existed in the first place.  They cannot be "gone" as they never existed.  The nothing of never having existed is not the nothing of negation.  
@_date: 2011-06-17 04:07:56
I don't know shit about pooled mining.  I never claimed to.  I'm just speaking to the logic of what other people proposed.  You will notice when I'm saying things I use the word "if" a lot.  
What others are proposing doesn't make sense and you treat me as if I'm the one who is claiming these things.  
What you are saying is different than what other people have said.  So, when I write some pool software I will have to learn this.  You say that it doesn't assign fake data, others say it does.  
This entire time I have been arguing that it would be stupid to work on fake data but apparently instead of saying "yes, you are right" you say "no you are wrong" which is the opposite of what the rest of your post says.
If you think other people are wrong then go talk to them.  I don't know why I'm getting downvoted to shit over trying to ensure that the technical discussions on here are accurate.  The whole bullshit blocks thing didn't make sense to me and I called them out on it.  You should be agreeing with me instead of saying that I don't understand how mining works.
IF I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND MINING I WOULDN'T KNOW ENOUGH TO CALL THEM OUT ON THE FAKE WORK BULLSHIT WOULD I? 
@_date: 2011-06-23 21:41:32
I think they mean something like this:
    $password = 'abc123';
    $salt1 = 'def456';
    $salt2 = 'ghi789';
    $salt3 = 'jkl1011';
    $password = sha512(sha512(sha512($passsword . $salt1) . $salt2) . $salt3);
Which would effectively mean that the brute-force hack to determine the password would take three times as long if all three salts were known.  Hopefully all three salts are different and unique to each user.  Even if the salts are stored in the database next to the hashed password you still have to iterate through the bruteforce list for every single account because no two groups of salts would be the same.
It is not a terrible implementation, much more sound than just using the basic hashing they were before.  They still don't know how to program even though they were able to google "excessive password hashing mechanisms to impress a userbase that you fucked over so hard they will never fully trust you again".
@_date: 2011-07-05 18:18:51
Below $13 USD?  You are joking right?  BTC has $0 inherent value.  $13 is GREAT!  
What you can do to make it more valuable is to offer goods and services in exchange for bitcoin.  Then you will be part of the effort to move BTC from a commodity to a currency.  
@_date: 2011-07-05 17:55:31
And?  While my original statement was incorrect, this information is completely ancillary.  The market was able to absorb a 432109.87654321 BTC sell without running out of BTC (there were still buy orders standing after the huge sell off completed).  Whether those were real or not, the market, well technically one single exchange on the market was able to absorb it.
Whether those existed in real life or not, we saw it happen.  You can consider it a simulation, but had those been real coins, and the transactions valid, it would have corrected VERY QUICKLY.  In fact, the price would probably have remained higher if that was a valid transaction just based on the movement and activity.  
@_date: 2011-05-17 13:07:58
You can generate as many addresses as you want.  They are just key pairs.  You could generate a new one for every single transaction if you wanted.  If your wallet becomes public and all of your addresses were then known it could be tracked back to you.  In that sense it is only as anonymous as all those AOL searches that were released for educational purposes.  
@_date: 2013-05-17 10:52:29
It's just like a bi-directional decentralized bitcoin lottery.  Just hope the change you lose is less than the change you get unexpectedly (as long as you can spend it fast enough).
@_date: 2013-01-17 15:02:29
From what I hear it has increased by more than $1 in the last 2 days. 
@_date: 2013-01-25 15:21:00
People still use Dwolla?  I have not even logged into my account since they put trade hill out of business.  
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:41:33
I reject your premise that it is the same as email, so you change it to "significantly different".  I'm done with that point, I will not respond to it again.  I hold that it is not email, instead it "uses email".  You do not even keep the terms consistent, now you are referring to a web-based email client as "email".  You do not demonstrate the required understanding of even the terminology, let alone the actual implementation and application of the technology.  
Further, you propose the same idea that I did for solving the spam problem.  An anonymous user without an account should not be allowed to send email.  If they are paying for storage and get email sending for free that would be a great way to structure it.  But they are paying for sending email, even if it is included with another service they are subscribing to.  The operator of the email server needs some kind of authentication mechanism before they trust the user to send email.  They need some bargaining chip to hold over the users head to induce compliance.  They need to be able to shut off the users access as well.  
My premise was that anonymous users should not be allowed unfettered access to an email proxy.  You agree with me, but can't admit it for some reason.  The conversation is now "how to prevent spam" instead of "anonymous users shouldn't be able to send email from your mail server -- ever -- for any reason -- even if your system is similar to or uses email."  
I conclude that this conversation has run its course and that you are not capable of having a fair discussion.  On both points you have migrated your position to be similar to mine while maintaining a trivial and insignificant difference to perpetuate the illusion of an argument.  This is not the type of debate I am comfortable with and will now take my leave.  Enjoy your opportunity to have the last word.
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:44:48
If I had that infrastructure already built ...
... I'd probably hate bitcoin too.
@_date: 2013-03-03 17:47:32
The unique business opportunity exists *because* they build a mining operation a year ago and therefore they are *forced by circumstance* to repurpose their existing infrastructure.  
You said it yourself.  The problem these guys are solving is "We have a large amount of already paid for GPUs."  If bitcoin mining had not subsidized those GPUs in the first place, whether in a datacenter or in desperate locations connected through a global network, there would be no opportunity today.  
This is a lot of discussion about a comment about how I wish I had thought of this a year ago.  It would have been great to have thought of this a year ago, too bad you would have to be in the specific position that Coinlab finds themselves in right now to make this profitable huh? 
@_date: 2013-07-07 21:41:05
Simply require a tiny fee for sending, but free to receive.  
Also, what about data retention?  If I come back two or ten years later should I expect my "emails" to be sitting on your server?  
@_date: 2013-07-15 12:49:20
What?  I don't think you understand the concept of personal responsibility.  It's okay, knowing it doesn't make you a more effective person in today's world.  In fact, being able to clearly identify responsibility in a situation will only make you mad at almost everyone all the time.  So, in this case, ignorance is bliss.  
@_date: 2013-05-25 12:33:02
A TEMPORARY DIP?  OH NOES!  SELL ALL THE BITCOINZ!
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:11:53
No exchange in the world should allow thousands of tiny orders at the same price.  A new order at the same price should be combined with any standing order, or possibly replace it, depending on the user's preference or the site's policy.  There is no functional reason to allow those trades.  They simply slow down the processing engine and allow a single user to keep the price in the red for an extended period of time.  You could see it happening yesterday.
@_date: 2013-11-19 15:55:00
No shit.  If you are going to be a fucking crook why have *any* morals at all?  
It sounds like the question being asked is "is it morally acceptable for me to be greedy in this specific way that almost sounds justifiable?"
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:54:14
Vouchers?  Try "pre-paid account credit".  All you are doing is pre-paying Amazon USD to build up a stored credit in your account.  They abstract the concept out to a transferable token, that's it.  
It is still pinned to the value of USD.  It is still USD.  It is not a currency.  
My point is that the idea of a "voucher" or "certificate" is still that of a pre-paid account with discrete transferability.  If "Amazon Coin" = "Generic Credit Voucher" and "Voucher" = "Prepaid Account Credit" then "Amazon Coin" = "Prepaid Account Credit".
I agree, it is not a currency.  It is a digital gift card by another name.
@_date: 2013-01-23 13:33:46
Actually yes.  That was the position they forwarded.  Your rebuttal is too land specific to actually address their position. 
If it is true that "any time you exchange X for USD the AML laws apply", then that should remain true for all values of X.  Here we have an example of one value of X that is anomalous and prevents the rule from being proved. 
If it were a "rule" it would be consistent.  Instead it has been shown to be an arbitrary provision.  If it has one exception then it can have any number of exceptions and is therefore arbitrary.
@_date: 2013-04-13 13:08:51
Hah, that's quaint.  Nobody that actually writes network applications reads those things.  I naively read the HTTP ref when I started coding websites as a teenager, you know, because I thought it was relevant.  Turns out the only thing you have to worry about is what everyone *thinks* the actual spec says, since that's what they implemented.  You are battling the developers' limited understanding of the spec, not the spec itself.
Much of the code I write would absolutely *not* work if I used those expensive tomes of toilet paper to guide my programming decisions.  Sure, they kept some unhappy gaggle of coders in some other country confused for a year or two while they cobbled together whatever piece of shit program I now have to somehow get talking to another piece of shit code that some open-source developer wrote sixteen years ago and then fell off the face of the earth.  Half of the protocols are proprietary and carry significant price tags, meaning they just winged it for at least half of their decisions if they even followed the standards anyway.
So, while you are technically correct, reality thwarts your assertion.  All I hear you saying is that *you personally* would have chosen `429 TOO MANY REQUESTS` over `503 SERVICE UNAVAILABLE` because you believe it is more appropriate in this case.  My personal experience tells me that your kind are in the minority.  Maybe not the nit-picking behavior, but the "checking the spec instead of assuming you are right" for sure.  
@_date: 2013-07-20 16:43:20
Credit Union.  
@_date: 2013-03-01 15:10:06
I have actually spent at least as much time researching parallel supercomputing systems as I have bitcoin mining, the only problem is that I never found a good use for a cluster or a business model that would allow me to afford the hardware to build one.  I have the technical ability to implement either or both, however I'm a year late.  
And I'm talking about a warehouse full of custom-built PCs with 5 video cards each custom cooling, etc.  Once you build that for mining, you have a bunch of modern computers (if it supports 5 video cards, it probably supports dual or better processors).  Add $50-100 to the cost of each system and you have two businesses in that same warehouse.  
I'm not sure whose hardware you are planning to run random code on, but that was never part of my plan.  And if it was implemented as a distributed system the actual third party code would have access to a specific, limited subset of capabilities and would run at a lower priority than the other desktop tasks.  This is exactly how Prime95 and Seti work.  They don't give arbitrary access, they allow a specific, limited, virtualized environment that the third party can use at a lower priority than the actual owner of the hardware.  
Distributed supercomputing isn't just giving someone access to the computer.  For example Google® allow anyone who wants the ability to execute arbitrary code on their active, running servers.  They are just commodity PC hardware that are running a specific environment that allows third parties to execute discrete pieces of parallelized code in and with other users', and their own tasks.  They use the map-reduce framework for that.  Other distributed supercomputer systems use more common systems, but the point is that your assumptions are simply incorrect both for a cluster wholly owned by the operators, or a distributed one.
@_date: 2013-12-02 06:25:23
After the first breech I never signed up again.
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:32:13
Hey, give up on that mining of something that increases in value over time.  Your effort is wasted because of today's power prices.  
Think of it this way, if you spend more money than something is worth in order to get it today, we'll call that "investment" and then that asset appreciates in value to be more valuable than the power and effort you put into getting it, we call that "return on investment" simple math shows that you wasted your money.
In this scenario you have to wait for it to become more valuable.  Because it's a loss today you should just give up and let other people collect the things you were producing.  It's economics my friend.  Every bitcoin miner who wants to dissuade others from mining knows this.
@_date: 2013-07-05 13:11:05
You may joke about it with Google, but it is true on Reddit.
We have formed our own little bubbles of confirmation bias.  Think about it, there is no subreddit where anything and everything is on topic since they got rid of as a default generic subreddit.  
If  I were king of reddit I would make the default subscription list (or an equivalently functioning subreddit with a different name) and no others.  Then when you sign up it asks what your interests are and helps you join subreddits.  Then as you use the site it randomly suggests other subreddits based on Bayesian probability models using the titles and description of posts in subreddits you already subscribe to.


It sounds like we are about to reinvent Usenet.
@_date: 2013-01-21 16:08:49
But we are busy trying to explain to the entire world how Bitcoin works, we don't have time to answer petty questions from people who are interested in learning how it works.  
@_date: 2013-06-09 18:42:23


I think you are spearheading it.
@_date: 2013-05-23 13:34:15
By offering something people are willing to go into dark alleys and [attempt to] buy from armed thugs.  Hypothetically, I'd rather lose BTC to an anonymous stranger through the internet than get shot and lose USD in person.
@_date: 2013-06-29 15:42:17
I've considered only doing business in US Government-minted coins since they are not US-Denominated Federal Reserve Notes, but actually fractional or whole US Dollars.  The thing is that one person paying $75 for groceries in a busy store with dollar coins is not in any way practical.  It would probably need to be done selectively and in conditions conducive to a discussion. 
Maybe if there was a movement to do so and every time the cashier says something give them a business card with information to contact the US Mint about issuing larger denomination coins.   I don't know, I'm just spit-balling here, but you get the idea.  Maybe a movement that illustrates the fact that we don't even trade in US Dollars, but in US Dollar-denominated private bank notes.  We all operate credit accounts with the Fed, we sent our real USD to the Fed and they gave us a promissory note with a serial number.  Most people don't realize that.  I wonder how many people would start saving and spending coins if they realized that.  
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:11:08
This is not email, it *uses* email to receive messages with your bitcoin address.
Ebay is basically email by your account simply because they allow you to send messages to each other.  No, ebay *uses* email as part of their system.
If this "clearly **is** email" then I should be able to simply enable the "bitcoin certificate" authentication method for dovecot.  It clearly **is not** email because it is software that *uses* an email library to receive email for a user.
Sending is not even part of the system.  It is *possible* to *add* sending capabilities, however that would open your service up to being a potential spam proxy for anonymous spammers and your service would be blacklisted, graylisted, tarpitted and blocked before you know it. 
It would be better, for the operator and users alike, to not allow sending at all, rather than turn on a free and open email relay.  Therefore if they do enable sending of emails as an option then they should, logically, charge for the service or risk destroying the viability of the service itself. 
You have not made an argument overcoming the harm allowing anonymous spammers to proxy their spam through your service would pose to the concept itself.  Until then your position is untenable and you expose yourself as fundamentally misunderstanding the technical nature of email and the practical nature of running a mail exchanger. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:32:40
1/1000th USD = 1 mill. 
@_date: 2013-06-05 14:28:11
That's like saying a "professional" means something more than "is paid for their work".  
I'm an entrepreneur because I like starting organizations, not because I have money.  I think the word "investor" is the one you are looking for.  An entrepreneur can also be an investor, or vice versa, but that does not mean they are the same thing.  That would  be one person assuming two simultaneous, yet distinct, roles. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:54:39
I wrote my previous reply hastily.  Re-reading the UCC myself has clarified something specific. 
I think what you are saying is that there is a distinction between a negotiable instrument that is an order and one that is a promise.  
While both are placed on the balance sheet of an institution only promises can be treated like money, as in the example I gave where it was held at value until the CD matured?  
Would the GL entry for that note being "bought" by the institution actually show a reduction in liability commensurate with the increase in assets such that no net gain would be realized by the acquisition of the instrument?  And thereby the institution would lose access to the funds immediately instead of at the end of the CDs terms... equating to the immediate withdrawal of the funds from the CD itself as far as the assets of the bank are concerned.
I have to go run some errands so I'll consider this information as I do so.  That particular idea may be infeasible, but it is not my only idea.  The point was to illustrate how the laws regarding banking don't *necessarily* need to be used to rip off consumers to the benefit of the bankers.   If we work together we can provide each other with banking services and loans in a fair and equitable way.  Where the public benefits from the gains of the bank, not a few shareholders with an impetus to charge as much as possible. 
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:53:29
That is assuming they care about the terms and condition.
You obviously don't, or simply don't care that you have volunteered to waive your right to Fair Use republishing of some reddit content merely by using the site.  Obviously you value your Fair Use rights less than redditing.  Some people value their ability to buy and sell things more than some irrelevant restrictions on some activities they don't anticipate ever being relevant to their lives. 
Furthermore, one could argue that Bitcoin has an infinitely more technical and complex "Terms of Use" agreement.  The Bitcoin protocol itself is a concrete TOU that isn't enforced as a last resort, it is unequivocally enforced by necessity.  You agree to be bound by the terms of the Bitcoin protocol and it's not written in legalese, it's written in crypto jargon.  Do you even really know what you can and cannot do with bitcoins?  If I gave you an address with a "3" as the first character would you accept it as valid?  Could you look it up in the protocol itself and find out why the network accepted that "3" address?  
I put forward that you personally have not read and agreed to neither the user agreement for this website, nor the ultimate and virtually-immutable terms and conditions imposed by the bitcoin protocol itself.  
This is probably the weakest argument to pose from a practical standpoint.  From a theoretical, ideological standpoint I completely agree with you.
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:41:07
Since the protocol doesn't even specify a minimum it's up to the miners to decide what the fee is.  
The value should be able to be overridden completely.  The interface should suggest a fee and fill in a box and let you set it to whatever you want.  If you go below what the developers thought was reasonable for that size of transaction then it warns "This transaction may take a long time or never complete.  Are you sure?" 
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:06:18
Just a point of pedantry, reaping is harvesting and sowing is planting of seeds.  You have reversed the chronological order of events unless you are saying they should replant the seeds they harvested last season.
@_date: 2013-06-28 16:06:24
Even statistical probability is not on your side in this argument.  Statistically the greater number of employees a company has operating on the greater number of customer accounts the larger a risk of fraud occurring.  I deal with so few bitcoins there is almost no chance of me committing fraud, while Mt. Gox simply has much more opportunity.  They would also be likely to obfuscate the actions of a thieving employee to save face while attributing such malicious actions to a computer glitch.  The embarrassment factor you mention means it is likely you would not even know if you were stolen from.
What I suggested is maintaining your cash deposits at various institutions and means of storage.  This distributes your risk.  Like a credit union being selective and diverse in their holdings instead of a large bank who simply accepts fraud and waste as part of their business model, insuring against losses in the case of their own incompetence, or even malice (there exists an incentive to steal from one's own assets when they are insured by a third party).
@_date: 2013-01-09 21:44:33
But conflating a common conclusion with agreement greatly diminishes the significance of a common conclusion. 
If two people agree that hovering in the air is impossible other than with lighter than air technology that does not make them right.  If everyone agrees to that it does not make it true.  However, if two people on two different continents both simultaneously decide to rotate the wings of an aircraft around a central axis, and it works well for both of them, then that is obviously the right way to solve that problem. 
Agreement is just language.  It is untested and arbitrary.  But when two people have independently come to the same conclusion through experimentation and reassessment that solution will necessarily be of higher quality. 
While that was not the primary point of the article, it was the one that stood out the most to me. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:43:10
That is a cool option.  It really should be built into the desktop clients though.  In bitcoin-qt you can export private keys now, and the client can generate QR codes for addresses.  Therefore the pieces all exist to allow bitcoin-qt (and most other wallets) to generate paper wallet transactions. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 14:17:49
At least bitcoins are finite too.  Or are you one of those non-experts you are talking about? 
@_date: 2013-12-09 14:18:28
The cool thing about bitcoin is there is no pretense.  If you send bitcoin to someone it doesn't matter, it's theirs for all practical purposes.  If they steal it there is no chargeback process.
Don't put your money in a bank if you want to have access to it.  You can't have eaten your cake and still have it too.  Similarly you can't have your money and deposit it too.  Bitcoin just makes this that much more obvious to the user. 
Banks exist to make money off your money.  The ability to move it around is necessary or your wouldn't give them your money.  But their purpose is to spend your money by making loans (and now that the prohibitions have been eased, also to risk it in the stock market).  And for the benefit they gain spending/risking your money they don't even pay interest on checking or savings accounts anymore.
You let them use your money for free, they barely return the favor only to the extent they must to keep you as a customer, and they charge you all sorts of fees for the privilege.  You pay them for them to make money with your money.
@_date: 2013-11-23 02:55:02
I see you've passed the acceptance phase and are now justifying your ignorance and apathy to yourself. 
You have to know the law to demand others follow it.  It seems here you are attempting to deride me for learning the law and attempting to make use of it.
That is not the behavior of a rational person.  
@_date: 2013-03-03 15:12:41
I'm not confused at all about my idea.  And that involved me, building a dual-purpose, non-distributed, one-location, datacenter.  This idea does not work as well for a distributed supercomputer.  
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:08:10
Good point.  I just read up on that BIP the other day and had forgotten about it as I posted this.  
I also don't understand the cryptography quite well enough to vouch for it myself, but it does seem very sound.  A partial key is provided to the hasher creating the instrument in such a way that the keys can be generated on their behalf without actually knowing the resulting private key.  The user then has a "password" which is the missing piece of the resulting private key.  
The fact that math lets us do that is amazing.  We live in the future.  
But seriously, if you have nothing to do with the generation of that address then it is not yours.  You don't have the bitcoins until they are on one of your addresses.  BIP 0038 seems to let someone else generate a key known only to you, which, in a strange way, fulfills that requirement. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 15:33:02
The only reputation that matters is the reputation of the purveyor at the time you go to redeem the contents of the private key they sold you.
How is Casascius' reputation doing in 2015? 2030?  Like you said "so far".  Bitfloor had a pretty good reputation up until a few days ago. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 13:23:37
You don't want to accept a currency that "might" be worth much less tomorrow, but you are fine accepting a currency which in less than 100 years has had 99% of its value "inflated"?  
You could buy at the turn of the last century as much with a $1 bill as you can today with a $100.  Think about that.  It didn't happen over one generation, but it did happen. 
You also would choose a currency that comes with a promise of murdering innocent children in the middle east over one that cannot be inflated to steal value and spend it against the users/citizens wishes? 
Your USD *will absolutely without a doubt* be worth less tomorrow than it is today.  BTC might be worth significantly more tomorrow. 
It's just not that great of an argument for USD.  They are consistently stealing from the users.  At least with BTC your value fluctuates based on the actual perceived value of the currency in the eyes of the users, a real metric.  With USD they just steal it because the law says they can.  And that's not even including taxes, they get us to pay them even more on top of the money they steal.  The money they steal goes directly to whatever they want to spend it on without accountability (51% of our "money" we generate through both taxes and inflation bypasses the congressional annual budget and is called "defense spending", or the annual NDAA bill full of dark money funds, but not "the budget").  
However, the second point you make is spot-on.  I'm going to diminish my reserves of paper money before I touch my BTC, especially in a bullish market like we are seeing right now.  
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:38:54
I can't eat bitcoins.  I can't build a house out of bitcoins. 
I feel content when my belly is full and I'm warm.  The great thing is that I'm still whittling off a block of bitcoins I bought for about $4 each.  I've made my money back out three times over while my friends who speculate by day trading it away have mostly done poorly.  
I've consistently been able to dip into my BTC fund to pay unexpected bills and to buy groceries in slow times, and what I have left is still worth more than three times what I paid for the whole lot.   I could cash out more than 2x again and still have my original investment in the market.  
My money works for me, I'm not it's servant protecting and keeping it.  For whom?  If for myself, then why wait?  It's magical internet money, it keeps growing every time I spend some of it.
@_date: 2013-01-09 20:08:57
It is an interesting distinction the author draws between agreement and collective, yet individual choice.  Just because two reasonable people come to the same solution for a problem does not logically mean that they knew of each other, discussed any arrangement, or made any agreement.  If both showed up at the same time and place to trade, and both had the same commodity at hand to use as money, it would be a very smooth transaction and would confirm their choice (not agreement) to use that commodity as money.  
@_date: 2013-07-08 14:16:53
1. This isn't email.
2. Email sucks and is overwhelmed with spam.
3. The fee needs to be insignificant, but mandatory.  
4. This isn't email.  This *uses* email. 
5. What the fuck are you talking about private keys?  You would sign the message with the *public key* of the other party so that they would have to use their *private key* on their *private computer* to decode their *private message*.  
6. By all means, provide whatever services you want for free if you want, but always charge for sending.  There is no reason to allow people to send emails from your system, ever.  The entire system works without that added benefit.  If someone wants the feature that they can send from their bitcoin address there needs to be a small, even insignificant fee for that service.  Just like additional data retention, the user should pay for the use of your limited and easily abused resources.  They are anonymous after all, there is no reason to let them send emails from your system.  That is an added feature. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 18:16:53
I do get your point and intentionally phrased it that way to prevent that sort of rebuttal.  You make a valid point.  The laws don't matter if criminals are the ones writing, enforcing and breaking them. 
That's a matter of laziness on the people's part though.  At least in the U.S. we have the ability to be as involved as we want to be.  They have made the game so despicable that nobody honest wants to be involved. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:17:58
And people who buy stolen goods do not get lawful title to those goods either.  
Why would we apply different rules to the paperwork representing stolen goods than we would the goods itself?  And to such an extent as to allow theft merely because a third party betting on said theft might lose money?
If I bet on a horse race and that race was interrupted and the horse confiscated as evidence in a crime would I be entitled to winnings that horse may or may not have caused?  No. 
If I invest in a company that is in the practice of stealing cars and they get busted am I entitled to any profits from the operation?  No. 
If I invest in a company that invests in companies and those companies all commit crimes am I entitled to the proceeds from crime because I'm insulated two levels deep?  No.  
What if the crime is four levels away?  Five?  When am I entitled to the proceeds from criminal activity? 
Edit: And if you are implying there would be negative impacts on these people holding these instruments, that's bogus too.  AIG paid out on all those notes.  Those derivatives made money!  They weren't "toxic" in any way other than the fact that AIG might refuse to pay out on overt mortgage fraud, so we are back to the entitlement argument above.  
There was no catastrophe imminent.  They simply lied.  They held us hostage and then pulled the trigger anyway with the bullets we loaned them the money to buy.
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:35:36
Please provide your method of calculating the ROI on their investment. Many investments are a loss today for an increase in value tomorrow.
For example if it costs $1 to produce $0.50 worth of bitcoin at todays exchange rates and power prices, what about when the value of bitcoin doubles?  Now the past mining performance becomes break-even in that hypothetical future.  Sure, it could be worth half as much, but that's why there is risk in investing. 
Investment includes the element of time.  Which includes uncertainty.  You are simply saying "don't invest unless it is immediately profitable".  Or maybe "don't mine because it makes mining harder for *me*". 
@_date: 2013-01-09 22:26:06
I suppose another way to put it is that it is not the "agreement" that is important.  To reduce both concepts, or to "conflate" as I put it, the two into a collective term "agreement" elevates the importance of mere agreement above what it deserves and wholly discounts the concept of tried and tested methods that have won out over years of selection.  
Your accusation that Voorhees "conjured" the expression "common agreement" is shown baseless by the fact that it was Gorby that first uses the phrase to further confuse the distinction between fiat currency and any commodity being used as money.  The concept should rightfully be attacked as it is deceptive and tends to confuse the subject instead of acting to illustrate or clarify. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:10:49
I'm seeing similar high frequency, small value trades (designed to cause longer periods of red or green prices, thereby creating the illusion of market consensus) on these markets as well.  With Mt Gox's trading engine offline are the disruptors moving their chaos on to the other exchanges? 
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:21:00
I read your comment after I posted this:
I'd be interested in your feedback. 
@_date: 2013-05-25 12:40:40
I'll match you on that vegetation you mentioned.
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:19:39
This country is in serious need of some "bitcoin enthusiasts" learning banking laws and forming publicly-owned banking institutions that expose these "one weird trick"s to the common man.
For example, imagine if Depositor A put $10,000 in the bank in a Certificate of Deposit.  They have a penalty for early withdrawal and the money is tied up.
Now imagine if Depositor A draws an order (check) on their Checking Account with $0 in it and passes that order to Depositor B (same institution).  
In traditional banking this would result in an NSF fee being assessed and the order (check) being returned to the drawer of the instrument. 
But, looking at the Uniform Commercial Code we see that the instrument we generally call a "Check" is a dual-purpose instrument.  If it is only endorced by the drawer of the instrument then it is considered an "order" (i.e. "Pay to the Order of").  But if it is unconditionally endorsed on the reverse side it can be treated as a Bearer Instrument.  You have heard that once you place your endorsement on a check anyone can cash it right?  When you endorse it you convert the Order to a Bearer Instrument.
Now, an interesting feature of Bearer Instruments of this sort is that they are money by definition.  The law says that an endorsed check is presumed to be as valid a currency as a Federal Reserve Note, unless evidence exists indicating otherwise. 
So we have $10,000 deposited by A.  We have an order to transfer $100 from A to B.  Now watch this, as this is where the magic happens.  
The bank informs Depositor B that the check is not available for immediate payment because the account it is drawn on (A's Checking) does not have sufficient funds, *however if B is willing to endorse the check they will, for a small fee of course, purchase that instrument from B.*
They know it's good.  They owe Depositor A $10,000 eventually.  They already have the money.  And the check itself *is money* as far as the law is concerned.  So they can, for a percentage or flat rate, accept the check itself as being valuable, place it on their balance sheet, and transfer an amount of Federal Reserve Notes from the Federal Reserve Bank in their region to represent that "money".  They give most of that money to Depositor B, reserving their fee.
Now, they place a hold against the Certificate of Deposit of Depositor as a sort of delayed withdrawal.  The funds are extracted from the CD when that amount becomes mature, and the CD is reduced by that amount without penalty.  They then cancel the negotiable instrument by physically returning it to Depositor A and return the funds they borrowed from the FED. 
The bank was never down a penny even though they honored a check drawn against an account that has a long-term hold on it.  They served two of their depositors beyond their expectations, increased their balance sheet temporarily (they still had the $10,000 CD and they also had the balance of the negotiable instrument itself on the books), charged a fair price for the service they rendered, and the person who deposited the money still was able to utilize the value of that money.
Banking is mathematical magic.  It does not make sense except that the rules governing it are internally consistent.  But it's the system we have and if we wanted we could use those rules to level the playing field.  
When the common man moves numbers like bankers do, that day we will see banking reform become possible.  This is only one example of number magic that our banking laws allow.  Why are we not providing these services to ourselves?  Why would we allow criminals to be the only ones that understand OUR LAWS? 
I would love to see a flurry of new banking institutions arise.  Not Credit Unions, but truly publicly owned banks.  
@_date: 2013-03-22 16:02:51
They are there to distract.  They are easier to understand.  Easier to use.  And backed by Amazon.com, a name you can trust.  Arguments over Amazon coin versus bitcoin can be had in which the bitcoin proponent is unable to convince the Amazon Coin user why the two are different and succeeds rather in convincing the Amazon Coin user that Bitcoin is far too confusing.
Unless Bitcoin becomes much more accessible to the masses, Amazon Coin will effectively mop up the market of users who like the idea of bitcoin but do not understand it well enough to use it. 
@_date: 2013-08-15 16:53:04
If debt is money, isn't the national debt a huge fucking pile of money?  
@_date: 2013-04-13 13:48:28
Fuck, for that matter, nothing is run by professionals.  We are all just fucking winging it.  Every human being.  The dictators and the slaves, the managers and the workers alike.  Every service you subscribe to is on the verge of failing at any moment because of laziness and incompetence.  All of them.  Look at Fukishima.  We started a fire so hot that we, given all the collective knowledge and capacity of all human beings, lack the capability to quench.  We drilled a hole into prehistoric toxic waste five miles under the ocean's surface and started a leak we, as human beings, do not have the technology to quickly or fully stop.  We spray poisons on our crops and can't figure out why we are all sick.  We kill off all of the wild herds of fertilizer-producing animals and can't figure out why our lands are drying up and becoming arid.  We are idiots but are too stupid to see our own folly.  That's not just bitcoin exchanges, that's life.
The scientists, the "professional" programmers, the scholars, the learned and the wise along with the mindless drones, the functionaries, the idiot on the other end of the phone (probably in India), the kid at the cash register, and the bum in the gutter ... all flying by the seat of their pants, just like you.
@_date: 2013-03-02 23:40:01
It is assumed that you will be using an established framework for parallel supercomputing.  These projects exist and don't need to be invented.  You just run the framework and leave it to the person renting the cluster to write the code to go with the framework.  
I have set up and run small clusters.  You may consider it nontrivial, but as someone with experience doing this I don't see the supercomputing framework as the hindrance.  You apparently do.
@_date: 2013-02-23 13:38:33
They don't control it so it's not interesting to them.  It is also not big enough.  
The people who are making money from actual trading are interested in bitcoin.  The people whose job it is to manipulate the fiat market don't see it as a threat, and it is not their job.  Also, they don't understand it because it wasn't taught to them by the great economists of history (an allusion to the current education system).  If they are paying it any attention they will most likely not make much of a statement publicly because they don't understand it.  It will take time and other economists making statements and setting the tone for further responses.  
Economics is not a science, it is an art.  Much like meteorology, it uses scientific information and then applies arbitrary models intended to "predict" the future.  Those models are designed by experts and computer algorithms and other behind the scenes "magic".  The economist or meteorologist is trained in interpreting candlestick graphs or radar charts and communicating that information to others in a way that, whether they are correct or not, maintains the credibility of the presenter.  
Meteorologists can predict rain tomorrow about 49% of the time.  They are actually worse than simply flipping a coin, and yet they retain their job and their credibility.  The same applies to economists.  As long as they keep the story straight, and all argue and fight about insignificant minuscule differences in their opinions and understanding of traditional economics to maintain the illusion of rigorous debate, we continue to come back for more.  
And that's why they resist making statements about bitcoin.  It is something that stands out and provides a clear and obvious metric by which you can measure an economist's ability to predict.  If hundreds of economists all have similar opinions on an issue no single economist can be pinned down for having been right or wrong.  But when a single economist steps up to the plate and puts their credibility on the line they are much more vulnerable to potential discrediting by being wrong.  
The economists who have already risen to the top of their field rely on others more hungry to make a name for themselves to pre-digest novel information.  These guys are no longer economists as much as they are politicians.  They need the younger economists with less to lose to make the predictions and create a basis of understanding on the subject.  Then they apply a sheen of political bullshit and use the results of others work to manipulate the perception of the people.  
Basically, it is not their job to work with the unknown and novel.  They are there to maintain control over the extant economy.  As novel things remain around long enough to become a threat or boon to the greater economy they become relevant to those at that level.  By that time others will have formed many various opinions and they will be able to pick and choose and hone the carefully constructed description of bitcoin they will use to educate future economists on the subject.
@_date: 2013-01-25 19:35:26
Dwolla had in their TOS "no chargebacks ever for any reason, once you get the money you get to keep it".  And then some scammers did a bunch of high-value fraud charges through the service against TradeHill. 
~~At that point, like a responsible company, they admitted that they were shortsighted and couldn't actually continue to uphold their agreement so from that day on they started to notify their customers when a charge would be reversed so they can deal with the obvious repercussions.~~
According to TradeHill, what they actually did was secretly edit the logs of TradeHill to completely remove the transactions that were reversed.  Not put them in "reversed" status.  Not put a new transaction that behaves as a reversal like a merchant bank would.  They were deceptive.  They changed their TOS and their website to remove all reference to the "no chargebacks" verbiage.  They tried to slide it past TradeHill and they were caught.  
There is a lawsuit of unknown status brought by TradeHill against Dwolla resulting from this issue.  It basically put them out of business.
In any case I don't trust my business to thieves like that.  If they were willing to screw over one of their biggest customers then they are willing to screw over anyone for a buck.  No better than, and possibly worse (if not for their relative insignificance in comparison) than PayPal in the end.
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:56:30
It would be fantastic if it were 100% of the gains/losses of bitcoin.
Imagine putting $20 towards coffee today and never having to pay for coffee again.  Just use your pre-paid coffee card's "interest".  
It could have been such a cool program. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 21:39:47
I bailed after they straight-up deceived TradeHill.  If they are willing to do that to a customer making them millions in fees, how on earth am I to expect them to treat me with any respect at all.  I withdrew my balances and walked away.  I learn my lessons from other people's unfortunate experiences.  Same reason I don't have a PayPal account.  
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:13:30
That's basically how I see them.  It's like a check.  You don't give your grandchildren checks from 50 years before as an inheritance, they wouldn't be any good ... the intermediate institution has taken those funds by now.
Same with a paper wallet that you didn't have anything to do with the keys.  50 years from now you shouldn't expect money to stay on that piece of paper.  If you buy a paper wallet, scratch/break the seal and import those coins to your wallet right away.  Redeem that coupon, collect the funds, cash the check, however you want to look at it.  
Every wallet should allow you to generate a paper wallet and print it, with the *option* of also importing the private key into the wallet itself.  
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:33:08
You are absolutely correct.  Once a community grows much larger than the group that founded it the wishes of the overall community can shift from that of those who founded it.  
You are also correct in your implication that maintaining the core ideals of a community requires a lot of work.  You can spend a lot of time generating the narrative and the infrastructure that represents and reinforces that narrative about the community.  Much like a company needs to develop and maintain a strong corporate culture, any community must constantly reintroduce and foster the core beliefs of that community or it will naturally shift.  With larger scale that motivating definition of the community becomes harder to maintain.  The group becomes more dynamic, and the number of people who presume to know the values of the community participate than those who actually have had the core values defined for them.  
One cheap way to enforce a specific community culture is to limit the bounds of discussion.  By removing content that is not within the narrow bounds of the culture you artificially enforce those bounds.  By banning users and/or removing comments and discussion outside of those bounds the community appears to be naturally bound, however that effect is induced through overbearing moderation.
The most effective method is actually developing that culture and encouraging people to willfully and actively regulate the content themselves.  However, reddit.com is a terrible web service for that sort of thing.  The tools they provide moderators and the guidance and encouragement they give moderators as to their moderation style tend to create power struggles between the moderators and the users they serve.  
This sets an expectation site-wide for heavy moderation instead of well-established community cultures that naturally self-enforce the guidelines for that community.  Reddit.com provides tools to manage only small communities well, and large communities through proportionately greater effort.  That requirement of effort results in shortcuts being taken, and upsets by those being moderated.  The moderators become editors instead of impartial "moderators". 
It is not an easy problem to solve, however classifying my statements about the problem simply as "crap" seems unwarranted.  This is not something I have developed an opinion on overnight.  I've been actively observing this phenomenon for four years now.  What is "crap" is the flippancy with which you treat my statements. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 06:48:04
Anyone using the word "crash" to indicate a less than 50% correction gets my downvote for spreading FUD.  If you don't like it, stop using incorrect terminology.  
It's still $700.  I'll allow "crash" when it goes under $300.  And that's being generous with the meaning of the term. 
@_date: 2013-06-21 18:33:15
Help them get verified transactions then.  Go trade $5 worth of bitcoins with them.  Get your rep up too. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:06:22
Push the arrow button in the direction of your choosing.
This community is community moderated instead of censored.  Other subreddits with strict rules are censored and then the users get to fight over the scraps the moderators leave behind. 
Let's enforce a code of conduct by downvoting memes and "SELL SELL SELL" posts.  Let's not be lazy and demand that the moderators, who already do a great job, take on even more work.
Stop blaming others for your shitty subreddit.  Do your part, don't demand others do it for you ... for free.
@_date: 2013-12-10 19:52:51
Your response doesn't clearly indicate to me that you realized that comment was swimming in the deep end of the sarcasm pool.  The smile at the end tells me you just might have.  
    ( ( lol ) ) &lt;HELP! I'm drowning in the sarcasm pool.
@_date: 2013-03-22 17:09:21
So you side-stepped actually addressing nearly all of the points I brought forward with an "I'm special" rebuttal.  
Let's try that again without you specifically being the subject.  How would a "reasonable person" compare to your anomalous experience? 
@_date: 2013-07-21 19:08:48
It wasn't always that way.  I guess becoming an all-grown-up subsidiary of a media conglomerate means things change.  Especially the things that make that parent company money.
@_date: 2013-07-07 22:07:16
I do have more ideas.  
If you keep it as a centralized service you could consider extra storage being a benefit of paying customers.  Free means you have 1 month of storage and messages are deleted, 1MB max message size, receive only, etc.  Whatever reasonable limits you have for free accounts.  Then people can subscribe to get whatever services they want. 
This changes the idea quite a bit, but if you could decentralize it somehow and allow the servers to provide a bitcoin address for tips and transaction fees to connecting peers.  Some nodes might store many years of messages hoping to get paid here and there for old messages, and others may only store a month or two unless their subscribers pay.
Either way it is a great idea.  If you do opensource it the technology may be stronger in the long run from both collaborative development but also because they can not target one company and take it down. 
Now, a matter of privacy/security.  Let's say your wallet is compromised, is it now possible for someone to go back and read every message you received as long as it is still on the server?  Could someone compromise my wallet then compromise a number of accounts opened with those bitcoin addresses?  Would that possibly make the idea of a public, decentralized "block chain" style of message log unwise as well? 
@_date: 2013-03-22 20:28:01
Another way to phrase it is I was using "you" (both the word and the person) to represent a random bitcoin user.  By verbosely countering all of my arguments with a technical yet irrelevant argument you managed to only prove that you, the person, are an exceptional (as in non-standard) bitcoin user in many respects, however you failed to even mount a logical rebuttal to the points I brought forward. 
Every person I have ever introduced to Bitcoin knows that there is a public agreement in place that ensures every transaction and every block adheres to a pre-agreed-upon ruleset.  Usually in response to "Well, how do you know that a bitcoin is authentic" or something like that.  If they don't ask, I mention it.  That is *the* novelty of the currency.  That it is enforced only through voluntary participation and it is secured through consensus (both in that the block chain is public and verifiable, and that only transactions that follow the rules are allowed into the blockchain in the first place).  
I would posit that failing to explain that aspect is an overall failure to define bitcoin as a distinct and novel idea in the realm of digital currency.
~~All that and you haven't even commented on the fact that this is all only in theory.  Nobody (except you and I) care about Terms of Service agreements.  In practice, that aspect of bitcoin does not pose a significant benefit to the user in the vast majority of use cases.~~  Edit: I went back and read, you did agree with me on this point.
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:13:13
You use the bailout as an example that we would be doing worse if we had held the criminals accountable and put them in jail for their massive fraud?  
If we had not given them the funds to illegally foreclose on countless homes there would be thousands and thousands of American citizens who now OWN THEIR HOUSE instead of renting a shitty apartment after getting their house stolen from them.  
There would be many thousands of households that have thousands of dollars in expendable income to pump into the economy.  There would be a massive boom.  
What we did was give the banks money to cover their fuckups.  They relied on MERS to electronically record the movement of promissory notes instead of physically signing documents to transfer title.
That's all well and good until there is a problem.  When there is a problem they call the first company in MERS and ask them if they have the note.  If they do they then fabricate the necessary pen-and-ink paperwork to effect the necessary paper trail to provide evidence of transfer of the note from one party to the next until the current rightful holder becomes the holder in due course.
But, they never actually prepared for such a massive consolidation of banking institutions.  So many went out of business, went into receivership and were disbanded entirely that the chain of custody was permanently broken.  
Millions of notes were instantly forgiven.  The banks that bought the loans had no way to enforce them.  They could not present notes they do not possess, and they could not get judgments to collect or repossess without them either. 
So the banks didn't own the loans, or the liens on the houses.  And they did not have money to pay many thousands of accountants, lawyers and mortgage specialists to fabricate the documents quickly enough to push the massive fraud through the system.  
So they did what any criminal does when it finds itself in a corner, they took a hostage.
They threatened to destroy our housing market if we didn't give them billions (later we find out it was actually trillions) of dollars in immediate loans.  
See, from one perspective they were about to realize a lot more loss on their books than they could ever carry over to fully utilize the tax benefit from, and that'd just be horrible.  Can you imagine banks having to absorb a loss for their own stupidity?  Unconscionable! 
The nation was about to become trillions of dollars richer when most of the mortgages were forgiven, but instead they painted it as imminent collapse.  They said we had to pay *them* the money to fix the problem that they created.  And they spent that money illegally foreclosing on many thousands of homes that they no longer owned. 
... which crashed the economy.  They fucking shot the hostage anyway!  In fact, they planned to do so from the start.  
I said at the time, and I still contend today, that if we had simply written checks to the banks in the names of the homeowners it would have been cheaper, it would have kept people in their houses, and *the banks would have gotten their money free and clear*, not as a loan they had to pay back. 
This was not about saving the economy or housing or anything like that.  It was about covering up a GIGANTIC FUCKUP the likes of which the banking industry has never before seen.  They stole back that which they contest was already theirs even though they did not follow the laws that would have given them title to the property. 
At least when the USD fucks up we can rely on the regulators to actively harm the interest of the people and perpetuate the ability of the thieves to continue their robbery.  
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:09:26
Except the law itself. 
AML is for money.  For currency.  Bitcoin is not a currency by *their* definition that they use to enforce their laws.
Has nobody ever pointed that out to them?  They said it's not a currency by defining the term "currency" and then they turn around and want to regulate it as a currency.  That's attempting to have your cake after you've already eaten it.
@_date: 2013-07-21 16:41:35
Doesn't reddit take bitcoins for reddit gold?  Why wouldn't they take them for ads? 
@_date: 2013-01-21 16:36:50
My comment was obvious contradictory sarcasm intended to illustrate the self defeating nature of downvoting those who come here to learn about Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-02-23 13:46:43
Krugman is not an economist, he is a politician.  Although I can understand how the two can so easily be confused, there is not much of a difference anymore.
@_date: 2013-02-28 22:56:19
Actually, this is quite brilliant.  You build a cluster and put GPUs into every system.  Mining takes very little CPU so you have a hundred or so CPUs sitting around idle.  Run a linux-based operating system and farm out the CPUs to someone who needs that and still churn away on the video cards with minimal CPU impact. 
Pay for the bitcoin mining with the contract computing, and get the bitcoins for free.  The you get USD to pay for the power and real costs and keep the BTC for your profit.  If you don't make USD then you sell off BTC and pay the bills. 
I wish I had thought of that a year ago.
@_date: 2013-06-20 09:26:47
Well, they don't need to sell them from now on.  They can just fund more development and production with profit from the miners they turn on today.  They only needed some easy marks to initially fund the endeavor. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 15:18:38
I groaned audibly when I saw they were suspending trading fees for 48 hours.  Why the fuck would they do that?  That is the OPPOSITE of what will fix the lag problem. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 13:21:39


I think you are actually realizing what I'm saying.  That's the problem.  The banks have their own policies set based on what their customers will bear correlated to their own profit margins. 
The key aspect of that scenario I suggested is that the bank holds one piece of debt against another in a "future discharge" status until the CD matures enough to release those funds.  That is only possible, as you describe, when both depositors are members of the same institution (or the drawer of the instrument and the institution accepting it as value and exchanging it for USD are members of the same institution such as Paychex). 
This is not Walmart cashing a personal check, this is more like Walmart allowing a draw on Associate A's future paycheck to discharge an unrelated debt to Associate B.  They know how much that paycheck is going to be, they know the associate is good for it or not.  No risk, no external verification.  
Except if there is a difference between a "promise" and an "order" in how it is treated by the Federal Reserve system.  That particular product would require the ability to borrow USD at near 0% from the FED against the balance sheet showing the deposited and not yet discharged "check as a negotiable instrument".  If funds cannot be borrowed against the evidence of indebtedness, which is the endorsed draft, then there is no reason to offer that service.  This will require more research into the way the Federal Reserve System handles those sorts of loans. 
And out of all the people I've discussed this with you are the first to actually reveal an important distinction in the law.  I wouldn't discount your contribution entirely, well maybe at first but I did take it seriously once I thought about it a few minutes.  The banks do follow *most* of the laws.  Also, what's the letter of the law and what's the practice of the industry are oftentimes very different things.   Take MERS for example.  How did the mortgage banking industry not realize that paper signatures and physical notes and chains of custody are necessary to prove in court they are the "holder in due course"?  On individual assets worth hundreds of thousands each and billions aggregately.  
Just because it is industry practice does not mean it is legal, lawful, or even effective.  But for the most part they tend to follow the rules because they have to test their procedures in court. If nobody sues them for breaking the law because nobody knows the law then they are not bound by the law.  
Thanks for your feedback.  I appreciate the time you took to respond. 
@_date: 2013-06-19 19:20:12
If you are selling geese that make golden eggs (subsidized by the customers themselves) then the more customers investing combined with the fewest customers actually having their orders fulfilled, would be the most profitable.
Every customer they run off, or simply steal from, is one more low-power mining chip they get to keep and profit from.  One investment converted to a 0% loan.  
*The more customers they piss off the more money they make.*  There is absolutely no incentive for them to provide *any* customer service at all, and in fact drama and panic are tools they can use to increase their profitability.  As long as they don't actually break the law (they did eventually agree to be bound by the terms of their sales contract).
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:25:29
Calling 1/1000th of a USD or GBP a "mill" is already common practice and has been for hundreds of years.  Property taxes in the US are frequently calculated in mills instead of dollars. 
@_date: 2013-05-25 12:38:03
This is the 21st Century... We are all our own exchanges!  
@_date: 2013-11-30 14:29:15
Don't worry, newegg is working on making their site design worse than tigerdirect's.  
@_date: 2013-03-03 15:55:12
Right.  And it's a reactionary attempt to remain relevant in a mining environment where GPUs are about to become obsolete mining technology.  It's not an opportunistic and symbiotic secondary use of existing equipment as much as an attempt to expand their business model at a time of general constriction in the GPU mining industry.  
The same reason this model doesn't work as a new business idea to start a mining warehouse is the same reason it wouldn't be profitable to start a distributed version of the same business now.  The only reason to attempt this is if you already have an established framework of contractors and are running out of profitable work for them to do.  After the recent difficulty increase many GPU miners will find out the cost of power is more than the resulting bitcoins they mine and will be turning off their clients.  If revenue from using their system to process other transactions can entice them to keep the client running then the distributed computing system may stick around a few more years, or may expand greatly.  
Bottom line is that if they can convert from bitcoin mining to supercomputing and maintain similar payout rates to the "miners" then that will be a very good thing.  I wouldn't start a new business doing either at this point.  The main idea I'm attempting to convey though is that the time for this idea has come and gone.  ASIC devices make GPUs nearly unprofitable. 
@_date: 2013-08-15 03:38:05
There are always apologists for the "unbounded" imaginary/debt based currencies.  If you have no bounds of reality, nor bounds of plausibility then you can "build a tower to the sky".  
When you use real money, or real equitable goods for exchange then the economy is bound by reality, by rationality, by plausibility.  When you write laws that say any instrument is presumed valid unless you have proof it was already redeemed or is somehow invalid, combined with laws that say any promise to pay is legal tender, then you end up with banks writing loans and increasing the supply of money uncontrollably.  You end up with multinational corporations that make and spend many billions of dollars without paying one cent in taxes, even getting refunds by the millions.  You end up with a simulation of an economy where those who don't know how to print money by getting others to sign pieces of paper think they are playing a fair game and the bankers run circles around them, controlling all politics, all manufacturing, all transportation and distribution, and all the big retailers.  
But the way they control all of that is through fractional reserve.  Any valid model that does not allow lending to be the act of creating money will be attacked, will be claimed to be flawed, and will have those screaming for its demise.  
Bitcoin is a hybrid system where it is an imaginary currency, but bounded.  Artificially so, however bounded nonetheless.  Deflation is just a scary word for "increases in value while in your bank account" instead of what we have now where if we are lucky our money is only stolen through inflation at a rate of 1-3% per year (see, I can use scary words to describe things too). 
@_date: 2013-12-09 17:47:26
I don't think you know what the word "entitled" means.
@_date: 2013-04-17 22:40:45
How do we stop the preemptive "let's not stop the 'let's stop the overt advertisements'" posts? 
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:51:15
No "major stock exchange" allows 1000 individual orders at 0.001 instead of one single order for 1.0.  This is not high frequency trading.  This would not work as a high frequency trading technique.  This would not work for anything other than slowing the trade engine down.  
Major stock exchanges don't have this particular problem because there is no reason for any exchange to ever implement a policy wherein a user can place multiple orders at the same price.  An order for 1.0 BTC or 1000 orders for 0.001 BTC are treated exactly the same by the order matching engine *except the amount of CPU time the engine has to consume deal with the transaction(s)*.  
I saw it happening in the order execution.  I saw the thousands of tiny orders designed to keep the price red.  I saw the psychological manipulation happening and all I could do was shrug and wait for the market manipulation to blow over and the price to normalize again at whatever the users of bitcoin value one bitcoin at.
@_date: 2013-06-18 06:43:18
If I were in their shoes I would have a 1:1 policy.  For every unit shipped we would subsidize one for our own mining operation.  If they are not doing something along these lines I would be amazed. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 21:01:32
It isn't that bitcoin is up on Mt. Gox, it's that USD is down.  Nobody wants Mt. Gox USD because it can't be converted. 
@_date: 2013-06-28 13:55:43
The larger and more complex the system the harder it is to detect fraud.  There are also more people involved.  Your trust model is illogically inverted.  
The "big guys" got us where we are today.  We survive by distributing our risk across *multiple* providers of various sizes.  No matter how you look at it you are giving cash to a random stranger.  Instead of putting all your BTC in one basket, try diversification. 
@_date: 2013-10-24 15:16:14
Haven't we? 
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:45:46
It isn't worth anything until you spend it.  It's just BTC when it's being BTC.  
I've been accepting BTC for programming work and spending it to buy groceries and fast food.  I don't even think about it as what it might be worth today, because it got me through, paid my bills, and I'm alive and healthy today.  
When I worked I only spent a few minutes of work for each bitcoin, or as it rose a few hours of work per bitcoin.  The amount of effort that went into acquiring them was actually less than I redeemed them for even back then, so I did well.
I cached out as the price rose, and I still have some but not the hundreds of BTC that have gone through my wallets over the years.  I don't even regret the number of pizzas I've bought.  I ate, I lived to see today, and I'll find ways to make more.  I don't need to be rich, I just need enough bread for today. 
@_date: 2013-01-02 06:57:37
That would be a separate "currency" or stored value that is *based on* bitcoin, but not bitcoin.  You stopped using bitcoin when you bought the "JP Morgan Chase^® BitBucks™" with them.  
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:37:28
Why don't they just limit API access to 1 request per second with a load balancer?  Any request in excess of that gets a 503.  
Load balancers CAN be scaled even if the linear trade matching engine can not.  If too many requests are getting to the trade engine *slow down the number of requests reaching the trade engine*.  In this case instead of creating a first-in-first-out buffer you impose fair queuing policies allowing and enforcing fair access to each user.  
Instead of halting trading just limit the trades per second.  For example under emergency circumstances they could post "trades are limited to one per five seconds until the trade lag recovers" instead of a message saying that trading has been halted. 
If high frequency trading is a problem, limit the frequency of trades.
@_date: 2013-06-28 20:56:25
Missing the point and positing a counter-point are two very different things.
I have noticed that you do not make any attempt to rebut my assertion that diversification is preferable to consolidation with a single entity (regardless of its size).  As your size-based trust model relies on consolidation it is therefore contraindicated for matters of insurance against loss due to theft or other malfeasance.  
Your logic is flawed.  I have demonstrated that.  If you would like to have the last word in this conversation feel free.
@_date: 2013-01-02 14:36:13
Exactly.  You can't have your bitcoins and spend them too.
@_date: 2013-07-17 19:57:06
You don't look like a newt.
@_date: 2013-01-29 15:30:40
Capital letters are also not commonly used apparently.
@_date: 2013-11-21 00:50:54
For the optional transactions, or to bump it up over the minimum.  If you set the fee to 0 it will still sometimes prompt you that you have to add the calculated fee based on the size of the transaction.
So you can volunteer to pay more than you have to, or allow it to calculate the suggested minimum if the transaction is large or recently re-spent coins.  You can't turn off that second fee even though the protocol does not actually require a fee ever be added.  Although I know from experience and from others accounts that it is possible to create a transaction that nobody incorporates into a block, so the "theory" that "it might work" has been shown to be false.  
Putting any amount of transaction fee on the transaction will get it accepted within a short amount of time, at least for now while the miners are still making big chunks of bitcoin per solved block.  When that incentive goes away they may start to impose more strict minimum transaction fees.  Until then any remotely reasonable transaction fee will get a transaction accepted.  
Allowing people to set their own and suffer the consequences instead of forcing fees on them seems to be more in the spirit of bitcoin anyway.
@_date: 2013-04-28 15:08:18
Is the bitcoin or the 1/100th of a bitcoin worth 1.31 USD? 
It is likely someone might misunderstand and throw it away thinking it is worth 0.00131 USD.  Maybe put a note that says "if you don't know what this is you can sell it to a computer geek friend" with more reference to it being a "digital currency". 
@_date: 2013-06-28 17:14:36
The only way out is to diversify.  You continue to ignore that point, because you cannot counter it.  Please show how trusting one large entity is preferable to trusting many smaller entities as far as risk is concerned.  
@_date: 2013-06-05 14:29:55
I think they meant for the purposes of effecting a transaction.
And you can effectively identify yourself as the authorized party with bitcoin, in fact no nodes would accept your transaction if you didn't.  It's called a private key and you sign the transaction with it to prove you have the authority to send the bitcoin.  
The great thing about bitcoin is that you can identify yourself as the authorized party without personally identifying yourself.  That's the novelty of it. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:52:47
I may not have been clear in specifying that the trade engine would do that automatically *in creating the order book itself*.  The process of adding/removing/modifying orders in the order book itself can be parallelized as long as each node has exclusive access *specifically while that one node is making modifications*.  
While the website can even show 1000 individual orders, the piece of the system that does the actual comparison and effects the trades would see them all combined as one entry it its own internal table.  
And the idea of having a load balancer in front of the entire system that throttles trade frequency would probably make a huge difference in a different way.  I have suggested both in various places in this thread.  The load balancer would provide fair access to every user and the efficient trading engine would improve the overall speed and ability of the site for all users.  The rate with which the system accepts connections could also scale based on the latency, meaning those making high frequency trades would be the most affected by the limit, while normal users would see zero noticeable effects. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 12:43:06
Bitcoins are divisible to 8 decimal places, as you say.  You can't just turn the number 8 on its side and call it "infinite".  
If the current protocol were modified *it would therefore no longer be the current protocol*.  Bitcoins are not divisible infinitely, they are divisible to 8 decimal places.  
There will only ever be 21 million bitcoins.  If the users of bitcoin modify bitcoin to no longer be what bitcoin is today *it could become anything*.  Supposing we will allow it to be divided more than that is absurd since such a drastic change would surely cause a split in the users of the currency, forming two different currencies.  The original bitcoin would likely remain intact and a schism would form who believe that allowing more bitcoins to be minted would somehow be beneficial.  The new currency would most likely not even be called bitcoin.
I wholly fail to follow your line of reasoning due to the acute application of logic.
@_date: 2013-06-18 06:36:35
How awesome would that be to see bitcoins start to show up at your "device testing address" before the product even ships?  That would impress customers enough that they would brag about it on social media.  Even if it is only a tiny amount, it's like seeing the progress realtime.  Even if they tested a few randomly selected ones for weeks, free electricity.  Nobody could complain if 700 BTC showed up in their wallet while their unit was burn-in tested on the manufacturer's electricity.  I'd prefer that knowing they tested my unit thoroughly. 
Of all the options it seems like the most fair way to do it.  Then the user can choose a charity or put their own address for the "device testing address" when ordering.
@_date: 2013-01-09 22:45:46
No worries.  I had to go and verify my assumption, so I didn't remember for sure either.
@_date: 2013-06-05 06:41:57
Underappreciated comment of the thread.
@_date: 2013-04-13 13:27:55
I don't think I follow your logic to that same conclusion.  The issue is a matter of acceptable levels of risk, not skill level.