@_author: high_places
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:53:37
I will take that as an invitation!
@_date: 2013-05-09 03:30:33
My pessimistic self wants to agree with you so bad. Privacy seems like such a non-concern to many people because they still live in a blissful state of denial. Eventually something has to happen though, and if privacy does become the big issue I see it becoming, I intend to be there to show people a better way.
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:33:35
Not so much working on it for a year... more like, I came up with the idea, spent some time working out the kinks, realized I had no idea where to start, and went back to working as a freelance filmmaker.
I get it. It may seem a little silly when I throw words out there like, encryption, and open source, but I least I never used inter-connectivity and synergy! You could have just laughed me off at that point. Maybe you still will!
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:36:02
My reasoning is if I get enough smart people into a giant kettle, I can cook them down over a long day and drink their knowledge once they've cooled to a reasonable temperature. Not sure what I will lure them with though... maybe a social network idea!
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:05:14
Actually investing in Bitcoin was what actually brought this idea I had from the back-burner (it was a year ago...) to an open forum now. It's more about discussion than me saying do my work, I know nothing. I think I made it clear that I was asking legitimate questions and not begging for charity. 
So yes, please do all my work for me so I can reap the benefits of your hard work... No thanks.
@_date: 2013-05-09 04:02:54
My thoughts exactly! ;)
@_date: 2013-05-09 04:02:00
Yeah there are a bunch of great tools out there. This is just a short list, but are any these along the right track? 
HTML 5, JAVA, LINUX, Apache, MySQL, PHP, C++, Python, Perl, Ruby, Erlang, Memcache, Thrift, Scribe, Cassandra, Tornado. (No specific order/still learning...)
@_date: 2013-05-09 05:22:55
Having a few features up and running on launch would be a smart decision. Also I do have a few options when it comes to paying the bills, but none that I'm quite ready to reveal yet!
I am interested in Diaspora, but I still don't know enough about it to have formed a solid opinion on it. Good to know though, thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:41:55
Thanks! It's been an idea that's been in the back of my mind for a while, and I think that with the right people, at the right time, and the right execution it really could be a game changer. Simplicity, community based customization, and privacy are the main goals of this project. So far it seems that there is at least some interest in this type of service, so I think I'm going to continue to push forward!
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:44:26
Awesome! It looks really good so far, very impressed! I'll check out the tools too (node, socket.io, mongodb). It feels good when you have an idea and know the tools to make it happen.
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:52:58
I have 4 current models floating around right now. I replied to a similar post just a little while ago, so please take a look.
I'm curious about your opinion or if you have any suggestions though, thanks.
@_date: 2013-05-09 03:28:32
I might not have programming experience but to say I have nothing to offer is just not true. I've always been an "idea person" and just because I didn't know how to make movies, or how to make web sites, or how to Photoshop didn't stop me from learning and networking with talented, wonderful people. I'm a collaborator. I'm just not egotistical enough to say that I can just do it all myself (my college self would have said otherwise).
I understand words are cheap and money talks, but I think there are enough hungry, talented individuals who want to do something extraordinary. Every once in a while it does happen, and I intend to do what I can to meet these people and come together and do something bigger than ourselves.
So if I am useless then to whoever sees this idea, please do it, and make it better than I ever could. Send me a message and laugh at me and say how stupid I was. Just tell me where to sign up.
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:31:00
This looks interesting and promising. I shall dive further into this. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-09 04:06:57
Thank you for the helpful suggestions and kind words! I will dive in and take a look at both retroshare and allianceP2P. 
@_date: 2013-05-09 20:32:07
I think we are so used to thinking in the traditional terms of a social network; user pages, friend requests, in-boxes, likes, etc. That we forget what it means to be social on the internet. We have been pushed into a corner on how we interact with these "friends."
Think of it this way, you want to go to a buddy's place to hang out. You would most likely give them a call or text message first and then, when they give you the okay, you come over. You made a connection to initiate the "hang out." You then go over, knock on the door, the friend lets you in, and you do whatever it is you do. This is relatively normal social behavior.
Now think if real life were like Facebook. You would find your friend in a database (like a white pages) and send them a message asking to be friends. Well you are more than likely already friends, but okay, the friend says okay, we are friends. Now I just come over whenever I want. I don't text anymore ahead of time, I just show up, walk inside, take what I want, do what I want, say what I want and come and go as I please. Not exactly ideal...
So this idea is, okay you have your own apartment (digital space) and it is safe with locks on the door (encrypted; or whatever it should be called) so people can't just walk in and see whatever they want. So when a friend wants to share something with you or the reverse, you make a secure connection with that user and when you leave, the door is locked behind you. 
Also, you would have private and public spaces inside this digital apartment. You don't just let your friend go rummaging through your room and your dresser and you private sex toy stash. No, you watch movies in the living room, share hilarious stories, drink some beers, whatever. 
The point is, you always have control over your space, and you share what you want to share. You don't want to be friends anymore, don't let your friend connect to your profile anymore. Yes, anything you share that is private, could be put on the whole internet for everyone to see, but there have been secrets since the beginning of man, and I don't see it going away anytime soon. It just comes down to how much you are willing to share and how good you are at keeping your own secrets. Besides, most private information won't be uploaded to the internet, you'll keep it locally. But if you wanted to say put something online so no one in the real world could access it, you would have the tools to do so. 
Thanks for the reply and the solid points you made, hopefully things are little clearer, but who knows!
@_date: 2013-05-09 05:11:52
Just joined! Taking the tour right now.
@_date: 2013-05-09 03:56:01
This is one of the major obstacles we face with an idea such as this. You're right, many people don't care about privacy, but should we suffer because of it? You get enough people to talk about an issue and eventually someone will have to listen. 
Try and forget about what we know of social networks. They are nothing more than a playground with chained fences, barbed wire and security cameras. It's a shit throwing contest, no one really likes each other and everyone thinks they are king of the playground. 
Now, instead this would be like your own planet. You can have whatever you want and share whatever you want. You don't have to have a name, and you don't have to have my permission to do anything. You'll stop trying to impress people you barely know or like and instead focus on what you want to gain from your online presence.
Also... 
What did people do when they wanted to share pics with friends and family before Facebook? What about Myspace? Why would anyone have a Facebook when I have a Myspace? Before that? Well I have a personal webpage/blog where I can share photos, why would I need a Myspace? Before even that? What about emails? I can send any picture I want right over email, why do I need my own website to do that?
I'm not trying to go overboard, just making a point. There will always be a new way of doing things. Times change, tastes change, and if there is a chance to make a better way of doing things without compromising privacy, then we should at least try.
@_date: 2013-05-09 20:37:18
I would also like to use P2P, not a centralized website. I shall look more into this, thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-09 18:57:10
Great, thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:50:34
I'm really glad to hear so many remarks about execution. I didn't expect a lot of "awesome idea" answers.
I'm going to be honest, I highly doubt that I would be able to create something on my own, when there are so many more talented individuals in this field that would even find this difficult. I plan on learning what I can as I go along so that I can keep up with what is going on. I also don't expect to be taught along the way by some programmer, that would be a disaster...
@_date: 2013-05-09 20:02:29
It wasn't an entire year that I spent coming up with the idea. 
In a rage of sorts I came up with the concept and pounded it out in just a week or so. I intentionally put the project aside knowing that at some point, the time would come to see my ideas through. If it was a whole year of planning, I wouldn't be here on Reddit just discussing concepts and small talk, I'd be showing you the actual fruits of my labor!
As for Diaspora, I looked into it last night, and thankfully it is not what I am trying to go for (dodged a bullet on that one). While similar in it's intentions, the execution is much different. I think labeling yourself as the anti-Facebook is the wrong approach. As another user pointed out earlier, the war is over, Facebook won. Not that the site is bad, it has some interesting things going for it. 
But yeah, somehow I missed that boat!
@_date: 2013-05-09 04:34:26
I agree, if there is no market for a pet social network, then obviously it would fail. But where a market does not exist, is a market waiting to be created. Right now, there is a small but growing base of people seriously looking for an alternative. Not just an alternative for a social network, but a new way to express themselves and their digital lives.
As for the poor programmer, I do feel for him. I have been on the wrong end of many failed projects, but it never stopped me from moving forward. Maybe that poor programmer will walk away from the ashes of my failed project and create something we all can't live without. Some of the best work of my life came from aiming too high and failing.
That is my inter-optimist speaking.
Thanks for the advice though, I truly appreciate the constructive dialog. 
@_date: 2013-05-09 04:20:30
For sake of conversation (you bring up good points besides the obvious negative slant) what direction do you see us going in? I agree that Facebook won, even better for itself, it won a war it didn't even start. 
If anything, now it means that now something new and unexpected could come and disrupt the environment. As a purely private social network, yes it would fail, it is not Facebook, but as people start to interact more and more with technology, won't there be a time when the scales tip and privacy does become an issue? I don't expect everyone to value privacy as much as it should be, as we can't realistically live in a world of absolutes. But someone will value it, just like someone saw value in Bitcoin.
I don't expect you and everyone to agree with me, but I respect your opinions none the less.
@_date: 2013-05-09 20:06:42
I had a feeling some of those buzzwords were a bit eye-rolly, but seriously thanks for the suggestions, I do appreciate it. I'll do some research into these books for sure. As for the idea, I am fully aware of the difficulties, maybe not the scale yet, but I'm learning. 
"It's not about what you add, but what you remove." I like this a lot, you hit it on the head.
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:21:10
I haven't until just now, but I'll look into it. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-09 05:32:08
In a way, maybe yes, but hopefully not with such disdain! Again I'm trying to stay optimistic, knowing full well that the scope of something this large will be incredible. I appreciate the candid remarks and hopefully someday something positive can come from this project.
I'm curious, could you see any service disrupting the "social networking" norm we've become accustomed to?
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:25:09
This was always a tricky spot, but I think the best way that I've come up with so far is a combination of funding methods. I'll share two of the methods (two more that I must keep secret because I think they are game changers).
The first is internet advertising. Yawn. It's not ideal, but there is some money to be made there, but that's assuming there are companies that want to advertise, and then I have to deal with annoying ads and people ad-blocking. So rather than just throw ads up on a site, I want to set up a way for each user to decide whether they want ads on their page. If they do, they receive 90% of the click revenue, and I keep 10%. There's a few more complications, but essentially, I want people to get paid for their online presence. This would be optional of course.
The 2nd option is taking a small percentage (10%) of all applications sold within the ecosystem. Apple and Google take 30% on each app sold. I don't want there to be a centralized app store at all, I want each user to be able to design, create, and sell their own programs from their own pages. When a transaction goes through, I take my little cut.
I have two other new ways to generate income (having not seen it done this way before), but I shouldn't say anymore!
Ideas? Comments? Suggestions?
- fixed spelling errors
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:29:33
I agree that it's not a new idea, and maybe it's an already dead concept (social networks) moving forward, but there has to be an opening for something else somewhere.
As for "not what people want," what do people want? What would you want? 
I know what I want, but what someone else wants will certainly be different. Why can't something be created that didn't say, "here's what you want" as much as it asks, "what do you want? 
@_date: 2013-05-09 01:16:57
Ah that would be nice, however beyond my limited C++ knowledge, I wouldn't even know how to actually start. I would need someone proficient in a list of coding mechanics. This would then really be more in the, "early development" stage.
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:28:07
Will definitely look more into this, thanks!