@_author: hijkfl
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:57:55
It's more accurate to say that the Core developers want to increase network capacity in a way that doesn't threaten decentralization. Increasing max_block_size without other considerations is a blunt change that invites DOS attacks and doesn't solve serious issues like transaction malleability.
The Core developers have a solution for those problems that's ready right now (SegWit), PLUS it's a capacity increase that will allow for real block sizes of about 2MB.
So to say this:
    the Core approach of "block size must be limited"
Is misleading.
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:58:08
satoshi didn't solve the byzantine generals problem. The bzyantine generals problem has been proven to be unsolvable.
BU substitutes the strictly algorithmic approach to solving the Bitcoin specific consensus problem with a social/political approach. In BU, code no longer decides the rules of the game, "emergent consensus" does. Emergent consensus is the process by which everyone magically agrees upon something, at some time, for some unknown game-theoretical reason. Consensus is achieved by simply removing smaller players from the field whenever they do not consent to changes.
For example: BU gives nodes a pseudo-vote in the blocksize debate and lets miners run rampant while disregarding all potential failure states. This is often regarded as a feature of "emergent consensus" by rbtc. Failure states wont occur because they are unlikely to occur. It's basically introducing the old broken economical governance model to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:57:24
I agree, but what's the collateral damage?
Look at the historical block size: 
We are just now hitting capacity, so we have no idea what the fallout will be. How long can bitcoin businesses operate at a loss before going belly up? Once you lose merchants and users how hard will to be to get them back? If the pain hits 6 months after the problem arises, you shouldn't rely on pain to force change.
Look at this chart: 
As block sizes have slowly grown, fees have remained relatively flat. But now we are entering unprecedented territory. We should be trying to get out in front of the issue, not waiting for problems to hit before acting.
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:59:20
Stop using Blockchain.info's explorer. It's been having trouble for a long time.
Your transaction has confirmed:
Bockchain.info explorer doesn't show that:
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:57:46
So being able to support twice as many users during the growth phase is all of the above? Sounds overconfident to me. We are rapidly closing in on greater than 1 dollar average transaction fees. At that point bitcoin is literally just electronic gold and nothing more. And electronic gold is a great thing..... but there is that little problem of miner funding. By constraining the blocksize so much the amount fees would have to be to make up for the diminishing block reward over time will be enormous (assuming that bitcoin keeps gaining value and doesn't simply lose to another coin that flips its scalability switch on).
I'm pro segwit and I think it is a decent temporary measure.
@_date: 2017-02-07 22:59:36
aper Wallets are;
1) Cheaper than hardware wallets
2) If created and stored properly, are just as safe and arguably, safer than hardware wallets
3) you'll learn more about how bitcoin works
4) don't require you to trust anyone. (although small attack vector) You still have to trust hardware wallet programmers, and potential [again, small chance] super hackers.