@_author: hillgod
@_date: 2017-12-25 20:06:19
You lost me with 'watches are gonna talk to Sattelites'. You may be interested to know cell phones don't 'talk to sattelites'
@_date: 2017-12-25 20:02:12
I have nothing in either, but, just trying to understand things, everyone shitting on BitcoinCash (bcash? Jesus y'all seem like children arguing about what to call it) that I could find is just getting into this political game that is almost inevitable in *ANY* extremely popular open source application. It's very hard for me to believe the technical problems of needing more storage and bandwidth are a problem with commodity pricing, especiall when compared to current BTC transaction fees that will prevent BTC from ever being widely accepted by vendors.
@_date: 2017-12-25 21:11:24
Ha. Ok, well, where's the well written article defending Bitcoin?
Certainly not there...
    
And I have no idea how they're gonna do any of that nonsense. I don't care. I'm not putting money in to any of this, but I know when I looked at accepting BitCoin years ago as payment for the company I work for, because one guy wouldn't shut up about it, we immediately bailed when we saw transaction fees. And, to a lesser extent, the volatility.
@_date: 2017-12-25 19:52:28
I'm not really in to this that much, but I enjoy reading the technical aspects as a software engineer. That said, a Google search on the matter leads to well written articles explaining BitcoinCash on the one side, and poorly written nonsense that doesn't even make sense like this on the BTC end:  
    
The cons don't seem very meaningful given cost of storage, etc, and con 10-12 are meaningless.
    
I also don't understand why the Core developers think a full blockchain leading to enormous fees is a good thing. It indicates to me that _they_ have something to gain as they mostly seem to have ownership in exchanges.
   
Mostly, though, I don't understand how BTC could ever compete with Visa with those fees. And the way the exchanges just fight over Segwit and fuck all else, all of this just seems like a fad with a lot of potential upside for the savvy investor.
   