@_author: himshiyo
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:59:37
Why, whats so surprising there, they can enter judging it as one more way to skim money from public..(popular thought)
What do u think bitcoin futures is?
 Ok small imaginary conversation:
Central bank: I am so powerful..
Crypto guy: so what? we have grown so much already and will grow you can't do a thing.
Central bank: ok but You guys grew mostly on sentiment, the belief.
Crypto Guy: We believe in tech of what we are involved in.
Central bank: We can always find 70% of holder who do not have such strong hands, who came just to earn easy money.
Crypto guy: no we wont be shaken.
Central bank: Lets see what some regulations and News does to this.
Crytop Guy( after some months): Oh its not even 20% Of what it was.
Central Bank: Lets invest then. Lets make some money.
Crypto guy: How?
Central Bnak: Control my son control! Lets loosen the regulations and make the environment positive.. even better than b4.
NOTE: IMAGINARY CONVERSATION, I dnt think this is exactly how these things work but.. when its happen, its not this clear in perspective.
You dont get paid in bitcoin for your work as yet, its the fiat which gets converted to crypto.
Why on every dip people who believe in crypto run towards fiats?
And whats wrong in, if central banks think they can earn money too in this.. The problem is, if they decide to do so then they are very powerful to regulate gateways to crypto while doing so and most people have bitcoin world accessible through gateways, not everyone is mining..
And a 60 year old who has earned in fiat his whole life dnt even have time to earn in crypto; that person will need to convert.
I dont think 90% are interested in Bitcoin future as tech they are interested in how much fiat this will accumulate for them.
Whats wrong if bank think this way?
Our good old crypto WHALES have only one way to manage price.. Dont forget about the Fiat whales. They can do it without even creating an account on any crypto exchange.
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:51:01
Emotions towards Bitcoin has changed from what it was in 2013 and what is it now. 
We have large financial entities talking and getting involved big time.
Old whales are getting replaced with New bigger whales(Whales in fiat).
Bitcoin will come back, but its graph patterns I believe have changed for forever.
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:02:20
I think I need to read this piece every week if not daily.