@_author: himself89
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:05:32
Almost none of this makes sense. 
Why would the hodler not sell the top an buy the bottom rather than just hold all the way down?
Because no one can time the market — true for the stock market and equally true for any crypto currency including bitcoin. 
How does the increasing concentration of BTC into old hands (from buying dips as you describe) effect its utility as a currency?
This is not happening. There is no increasing concentration. The opposite is true. More and more people are buying bitcoin, raising the value for all bitcoin, in every wallet, whether it’s 1 BTC or 1000 BTC. 
Secondly, your notion of “arbitrary concentrated value” is foolish. All money in all formats is arbitrarily concentrated — or do you think there is a fundamental logic at work explaining why Bill Gates and Saudi Princes and Katie Perry are wealthy? People get rich for stupid reasons. Life is arbitrary. Early Amazon investors were arbitrary. Same with bitcoin. And the idea that everyone who didn’t get in will just invent their own currency to mirror the advantages is naive. Bitcoin has beaten incredible odds to get here, and it will not be easy to jumpstart a competitor for that reason alone. If that was true, all the shitcoins would be more valuable, popular, or useful. But we call them shitcoins for a reason. 
A fixed supply can't work as money in the long run because it tends to amplify arbitrary wealth distributions over time and thus does not respond to the changing needs of society. 
THIS IS NOT ECONOMICS. THIS IS BASELESS.
Why not any altcoins?
This part is valid. It’s possible an altcoin will ultimately eclipse the utility and price of bitcoin. But not today and not in the very near future. 
@_date: 2015-05-03 13:38:38
my point was I found the Satanist's beliefs to be very cogent, which is not something I expect from anyone involved in organized religion. 
@_date: 2018-06-20 08:18:07
I found it in [this book]( But it's from a June 1995 issue of Popular Science magazine: [Link.](
@_date: 2018-06-19 20:05:33
the quote is [very real]( 