@_author: hinnom_tx
@_date: 2014-08-21 15:52:20
A better variant of this:
1. Send BTC to Mintpal and exchange for Darkcoin.
2. Download the Darkcoin Darksend+ RC4 wallet and send to wallet.
3. Use this guide to anonymize your coins:
4. Keep your DRK. :) Or cashout to USD directly via Bitfinex or Cryptsy.
 
@_date: 2014-07-22 19:06:36
Remember last November when Chase made it nearly impossible for the little guy to do international wires? Same thing. 
Capital flight always starts slowly, then suddenly. The move to close your account is deceptive because they are making you take your money out. Over time, they'll impose capital controls so strict you won't be able to move your money anywhere safe.
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:00:02
I think he's also censoring Counterparty transactions on his Eligius pool. Since you can place bets using Counterparty, the censoring ties in to his position on gambling.
He's not getting any clues from Andreas' speech to the Canadian Senate, where he states that innovation 'at the edge of Bitcoin' occurs without anybody's permission, just like the growth of the internet itself.
@_date: 2014-10-02 22:07:42
Neither would I. Also, it's not mineable. It's a PoW-&gt;PoS instamine. Imagine if Bitcoin had been fully mined in 100 days. Bwahahaha! Look elsewhere for serious crypto privacy initiatives.
@_date: 2014-08-26 22:23:01
No sweat. Yes, it's coin mixing, and that makes the analysis straightforward. The CoinJoin soduku master himself, Kristov Atlas, is auditing DarkSend. The dev knows what he's doing, will fix weakness and go open source.
Monero can't work with software written for the Bitcoin API. When you start treating cryptocurrency like real money, you'll understand why the desire to use new software is tepid. Research why NXT adoption is so pitiful at the exchanges and merchants, and you'll get a glimpse of Monero's future. Good luck with that. 
@_date: 2016-03-23 22:55:19
I'm not going to name any coins, but a little due diligence will reveal a top 5 virtual currency with fungibility, instant transactions, governance, and a number of ways to earn the currency rather than having to buy it, because the miners don't have a total lock on the block subsidy.
@_date: 2016-06-24 03:23:14
Everyone in this hobby has lost some money at some point. I lost my NXT passphrase during the redemption period for NEM (called NEMstake). I had 3.5 NEMstakes on the NXT asset exchange. Today the 7.8 million NEM tokens that I was unable to redeem are worth about *65 Bitcoins*. To add insult to injury, I found my NXT passphrase later, but could not convince the devs to retrieve my funds, which they expropriated to a bounty fund.
I'm pretty convinced that most of these cryptocurrency systems are really designed to be complicated to make you lose your money, to the benefit of the other holders, as a sick form of seigniorage (or outright theft, in the case of NEM and their artificial deadlines).
There are a handful of cryptos that are trying to make it easy for the end user to handle. Hint to those caught up in the mania du jour: Ethereum is NOT one of them. I still think we're years away from gaining a wide audience. And I think some of that audience one day will arrive out of necessity, through outside forces, like to avoid fiat currency debasement.
@_date: 2016-07-06 16:12:57
Dash was not pre-mined.  It was a fast mine, which is not the same thing. The emission curve *was* biased to provide a large number of coins at a low mining difficulty level. The genesis block issued 500 coins (10X Litecoin for reference). 
Since nobody was paying attention to 'XCoin' at the time, as dozens of altcoins were being launched every week in the heady days of January 2014, only a select number of lucky people were mining this currency on the launch date. This does include some shrewd readers on bitcointalk who saw the [announcement]( That's the real source of contention and 'scam' accusations here, because the BCT mining audience, who were ready to point their GPUs at the next Scrypt coin du jour, were unprepared because this coin required a new hashing algorithm (X11) and needed to be mined with a CPU. It would take almost two months for GPU optimized code to surface, by which time the mining difficulty problems were resolved.
Yes, too many coins were mined in the first few days, ostensibly due to the mining difficulty adjustment problem that was later corrected (re: Dark Gravity Wave). Whether or not the developers intentionally created this situation to exploit it, is up to each cryptocurrency enthusiast to decide. But in fairness to them, 1) a relaunch was put to the BCT community which rejected the idea, and 2) most coins were dumped on an exchange called C-CEX for pennies per coin. For months after launch, opportunities abounded for anyone to take a chance on this currency at ridiculously low prices. By now this story should sound familiar to anyone who has been following Bitcoin. 
The opportunities still exist today, particularly if you are a dividend oriented investor and know about the incentive to run a Dash masternode. 