@_author: hippocampu5
@_date: 2013-04-25 10:03:01
**Divide and conquer**
Have MtGox been intimidated into accepting Litecoin?
Accepting litecoin will only be adding water on the mill to any skeptics of cryptocurrencies.
Now they can say. What prevents anyone from creating a new copy of Bitcoin? See they just added litecoin, then there will be coin 1, coin 2 coin 3 coin 4 coin 5 coin 6 coin 7 etc. Nah its not backed up and just a get quick rich scheme.
If a user have $100 to exchange into Bitcoin, that user will now maybe exchange 10% into litecoin. That will only hurt Bitcoin.
Instead of Bitcoin growing stronger at a increased rate, that rate will be decreased.
There are plenty of threats to Bitcoin, weakening the support lines behind it only makes it easier to kill of Bitcoin and if not even Bitcoin can survive why would anyone go to litecoin thats even weaker?
This is a clear example of divide and conquer tactics.
Mt.Gox dump litecoin now or risk contribute to the failing of all cryptocurrencies.
I´m moving away from Mt.Gox to the first good exchange that is pure Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-25 10:28:05
The video looks and sounds great but fails to clearly explain clearly what "mining" is for and why it is used.
It does not explain that only a certain amount of Bitcoins can be found each day.
It does not really explain that miners protect the network from doublespend by verifying transactions and for this they are awarded.
Why do you need energy to produce Bitcoins?
Mining solves the problem of distributing bitcoins without any authority or without having to give away your personal information to someone else.
Since its free to create a bitcoin account, how do you solve this problem so that people just dont create a huge amount of accounts and get free coins?
Securing the network has a real energy cost and thus can be given a real reward.
A bitcoin reward thus equals the energy put into securing the network preventing, anyone from just creating lots of accounts with new money.
