@_author: hiringgraphicdes
@_date: 2016-01-11 10:37:09
I read 2 years ago that they wouldn't give an account to BitVendo because they didn't want to deal with bitcoin business'. Also heard from people involved in the community in Ireland that they had their accounts shut down.
This is the first time I've heard of somebody using BOI account. Are you selling on local bitcoins? Maybe they don't now what your actually doing? Do you have a current or a business account?
@_date: 2017-02-07 15:06:13
This is a good answer but another thing I see as the problem for many financial players is that the built in transparency would be bad for business. Having been reading about economics and watching many lectures/shows about it for years, its fairly obviously a shell game/confidence trick these days. And its so stacked in big finance's favor that fines are the cost of doing business.
Take for example, R3, which received a massive amount of funding and had the participation of many top wall street firms. Where do they stand now, they have produced at great cost a piece of open source software which has already been done before and infighting and distrust between the main parties has lead to its collapse. 
Banks dont want transparency/trustlessness etc. They want cabals, monopolies. Everything else makes them less worthwhile. 
I believe their next focus (remember they can print unlimited amounts of money) will be to destroy bitcoin. Probably through subterfuge/endorsing bad upgrades etc.
@_date: 2018-12-11 08:49:40
I looked into bisq, its very good. But theres one problem I see and I can tell you this from someone who has sold bitcoin, they should hold a cover amount in a multisig (like a bank book) but deals should be allowed to be transacted immediately. 
So I set up sells, I dont want coins that shift 10% in a day locked into this kind of deal as Ive already lost my sales profit by the time a SEPA transfer has come through. I need to be able to pull the live price for sending coin as both me and the buyer want that price, not the price from yesterday. 
I think this is the fatal flaw of decX. I dont know how to overcome it with out you just depositing enough to cover any transaction you might take.