@_author: hisdudeness248
@_date: 2018-05-20 01:07:21
Lol. You're hilarious. Lol, "overlords". All you did was try to insult me all the while never actually making a point. It's good comedy. 
However, this conversation is definitely not worth my time. Have a good life.
@_date: 2018-05-18 16:03:29
Using Bitcoin for transactions will make Bitcoin more valuable in the future. If it's going to be more valuable in the future then people should buy and hold. How are there so many people who don't see the contradiction here? 
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:16:58
Yikes. So many words and yet nothing actually said
@_date: 2018-05-18 23:02:33
" a new paradigm mindset about the nature of money". 
Sounds exactly like the sentiment often seen towards the turning point of a boom/bust cycle. Just saying. Are you sure you're not holding onto sentiment from a few months ago? Holding onto the glory days? Every boom/bust cycle has bag holders. It can happen to even the smartest of people. Something to think about.
Logical reasoning cannot be changed just because you decide to look at the problem from a different perspective. 1+1 is still 2 even of you look at it from a different paradigm. My point is very simple. Bitcoin folks have an identity crisis. Some see it as a scarce resource that has value which would mean the price would go up over time (similar to gold). Some see it as a new medium of exchange that will replace our financial system. I'm here to say it cannot logically be both. There is a reason why gold stopped being used as a currency.
@_date: 2018-05-20 00:13:29
Lol. First, nothing you've written has been on topic. Still haven't seen a response to the original point about the contradiction mentioned in the first comment. Also, dedicating four paragraphs to ramble off unfounded insults isn't very effective writing and it's not really worth understanding. Neither is your conspiracy theory about gold. Write something worth comprehending and I'll see if my neurons can handle it. Lol
@_date: 2018-05-18 23:36:40
Then buy assets that earn a healthy return on investment. The currency isn't the issue. The issue is you don't know how to use it to get the result you're after. 
@_date: 2018-05-19 17:08:57
I lost my wallet last night. It had all my cards in it. As soon as I realized it was gone I called my banks. They shut down the cards and I lost nothing. Versus if you lose a digital wallet you lose everything. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:10:59
What asset class doesn't have the characteristic you just described? (Using the same timeframe)
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:17:58
I knew i'd see this one..
Saying Bitcoin is safely stored is a stretch. Exchanges are sketchy as proven by the frequent hacks. Plus people lose wallets all the time. Even cold storage isnt as safe as a bank. No insurance available for a missing wallet. Poof, it's gone. 
Furthermore, i get the problem people have with inflation. Inflation is a bitch, no doubt. But seriously, of you don't know how to hedge inflation that's on you. Not the currency's fault, not the government's fault, not the bank's fault. Just put your money in assets other than cash. Ones that earn a return. They don't even have to be high risk assets either. Here's a hint... Put your savings in T bills and inflation won't bother you. 
So again I ask. What can you do with Bitcoin that you can't do with money in a bank account?
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:01:57
You want a more liquid, easily accessible medium and your solution is Bitcoin? T bills are at least as liquid as Bitcoin, probably more.
Try to beat the market? I suggested T Bills to  hedge inflation. What market do you think that suggestion is trying to beat? 
I'd also be interested to hear an explanation of how you think the most volatile asset you can buy is a "minimum risk commodity". 
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:45:27
That's a very well written analysis of global wealth disparity and an interesting perspective. It's a real problem that needs a solution...
BUT, just because you pointed out a problem doesn't mean that Bitcoin is the solution. Right before reading your comment guess what i was doing. I was checking my bank account on my phone. My bank also offers me the ability to manage my money via sending secure messages just in case I don't have a great internet connection. The problem that there are so many unbanked people alive today is not because we don't have the distribution channels to reach them. The problem is that so many poor regions don't have enough economic activity to need a bank. There are no significant cash flows to manage. Bitcoin doesn't solve the problem you brought up.
@_date: 2018-06-29 12:10:10
How so? If you want high yield you can get it by accepting higher risk. There are bonds available at any yield depending on the issuer's credit rating. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:46:12
Good argument, very well said. I especially like how you made a well articulated point and didn't rely on insults at all. You should also try incorporating grammatical corrections too. You're style of debating is great. Just put words in your opponent's mouth, prove those words to be wrong, then tell them they need to do more research. 
By the way, 0% of the assumptions you made about me were correct. I'm your classic guy who understands financial markets and sees how misguided this community is. Never owned any cryptos. I was making the same points about Bitcoin back in November/December. While yes, my comments are sarcastic and trolly it's because i hope to help people see how ridiculous their assumptions about Bitcoin are. 
Still haven't seen any actual uses of Bitcoin that are better than a bank account. I've asked in every single comment. If you could provide even one legitimate example of how Bitcoin is more useful than money in a bank account you would have a pretty good chance at shutting this troll up.
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:05:42
Walks into a store... I'll have one permission-less please. I asked for specific uses and you listed fan boy buzzwords. I'm asking about uses. Do you pay rent with Bitcoin? Does your employer pay you in it? Are you using to to evade taxes or launder money? What specific ways are you USING Bitcoin that's better than a bank account?
You think that mnemonic seed words eliminates the problem people have with permanently losing access to their Bitcoin? Do you remember your elementary school locker combo? Is it maybe possible to lose those seed words? Also, thinking that remembering a list of 12 words is the same as insurance is pretty funny.
I didn't say they don't provide anything of value. I will go ahead and say they produce significantly less value. The GDP per capita of Uganda is $718. Thats less than $2 a day. The USA does $59501 per capita. So Uganda produces about 1% of the good and services per capita than the USA does. Having a publicly distributed ledger of all transactions isn't going to solve the production deficit in these less developed countries. Doesn't matter how trustless, boarderless and permissionless the currency is!
@_date: 2018-06-29 12:40:46
We're talking about lending money and getting incremental returns. Buying bonds ties up capital but so does lending Bitcoin.
Plus, bonds are arguably more liquid than bitcoin is anyway.
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:25:37
Be your own bank? You going to take deposits from the people and insure them? You going to lend mortgages to people buying homes? Seriously, what do you mean? 
What is it that you wish to use money for that you can't currently do with a bank account? What can bitcoin do that money in a bank account cannot?
@_date: 2018-06-29 03:22:49
What specific uses? Also, are you sure you get all the functionality? If you lose your wallet do you have insurance to get your Bitcoin back? This insurance exists in the banking system. 
No, Bitcoin doesn't not solve the problem you mentioned. It's a problem of economic output not of banking isolation. If a family if Uganda produces only enough output from their farm land to earn 2 USD per day then giving them access to Bitcoin does not make them wealthier. They still need to find ways to produce and distribute more. Besides, as i mentioned, a bank could just as easily manage their transactions. It would also provide them with insurance against losses that they wouldn't get with Bitcoin.
One reddit conversation is not going to be enough to change your mind about banks, I get that. But just because you don't like the banking system doesn't mean that Bitcoin is better. That's the main point i'm trying to make here. There are plenty of things that money in banks can do that Bitcoin cannot. Not so much the other way around. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 16:22:49
So your utility bill then? Or what? I must have missed it.
You didn't actually say one single thing that you use Bitcoin for haha.
Quick question. Have you read Keynes? Or is your opinion founded on information sourced from Youtube? 
Let the future pass by, huh? If Bitcoin or any other crypo actually gained any sort of traction as a medium of exchange it wouldn't matter. My businesses would just start charging Bitcoin instead of USD. Doubtful that actually happens though based on how this conversation as gone. Doesn't seem like there are any use cases that Bitcoin can do superior to money in a bank. 
So go hug your Bitcoin. Hug it good
@_date: 2018-06-29 12:37:55
What happens when you lose your cold storage? Compare that to losing a debit card. Which one is safer?
Can't be censored or seized. Good point. I personally don't engage in any sort of activity where either of those things worry me. What if Bitcoin's only real use case is for such sketchy  activities? Behavior found on the dark net for example.
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:20:12
Can't do it with physical cash, no. But digital cash... The cash that's in your bank account... No problem. Buy bonds and you get the same effect with significantly less risk.
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:00:18
1. I didn't actually say any of the stuff you assumed I said. If you look at the comment you'll notice that every sentence was a question.
2. "Bitcoin doesn't provide the ability to bury myself in debt". Sorry, what? You staying you can't be in debt with Bitcoin? Even of that were true it would not be a good thing. Most people need some sort of debt service for large purchases. Try buying a house without a loan. Possible for very few people.
3. You didn't answer my question. What do you want to do with your money that you cannot with money in a bank? You think that the money in your bank account is not completely under your control? You can do anything you want with it except maybe buy drugs on the dark net. Just because your deposits are part of a fractional reserve system doesn't mean you don't control your account. 
4. "I am my own bank". Sweet dude, can I apply for a loan with you? I bet bluethunder bank offers great rates. 
It's clear that you have no understanding of the basics of banking. Best go learn 
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:23:46
If you're going to store your cold storage in a bank, and you're worried about seizure of assets, why couldn't the bank seize your cold storage device? 
No problem here with the concept of hedging your bets against corrpt government. Not sure I agree that Bitcoin does that exactly. My opinion is that it adds risk rather than reduces it (volatility).
@_date: 2018-07-06 16:43:59
Confirmation bias at its finest 
@_date: 2018-07-06 16:42:08
Confirmation bias. If you actually want to understand why you might be wrong you would be looking into all the reasons it should go down, not all the reasons it should go up.