@_author: historytech
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:59:02
Coinbase has done nothing wrong for me so far, the only thing was it took a while to authenticate. It  does take time to transfer money, but it probably is your bank messing around. Personally I use Bank of America and have never had sum problems. 
@_date: 2014-01-11 15:43:57
I wonder how long/how you do the authentication. If it's the password it's not very usless. I can only see it being email but wouldn't that open up a loophole where a person could wait a time to see if price changes happen and cancel an order or something if they don't like the price change?
@_date: 2015-07-03 04:57:15
i try to explain this to my more conservative friends all the time and they never get it. The simple fact is the national budget cannot be simplified. We never paid back the money from WWII and it's because that debt became irrelevant eventually. The other big difference not pointed out is that unlike a person the nation isn't "ever going to die." I use quotes because obviously someday it will, but for all intents and purposes of debt the assumption is that it never will die. Because of this fact the nation never must pay off debt, but rather is better off just paying interest forever. Add all of that in with the fact when the government spends money or loans money they ALSO make money on the taxation of that money being spent the places that suffer when we refuse to increase the debt ceiling are American citizens (auditors, as well as many other federal employees) as well as things such as business loans etc, Ya know....the things that will get taxed....
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:31:54
Its for high school, but students rarely have any understanding of how stocks, the stock market, or speculation work at all at this grade level. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 18:54:05
That's not totally true, I've seen several gas stations on the highway that charge a different amount for Credit Cards than cash. I wonder if Bitcoin would be able to alleviate that issue. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:31:21
Its more of speculating is essentially gambling rather than science (unless you ACTUALLY have insider information.) Now you can put the odds in your favor by doing research, but its still gambling even if the odds are in your favor. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:29:44
I'm more of thinking that I could explain what speculation is then explain how this could help cause a collapse of markets which would intern cause a depression of sorts. 
The Causes of the Great Depression are actually one of those things legit historians disagree with quite a bit, but the State of Texas (As well as all states, though sometimes it a little different.) Stick with a few hard identifiers as reasons for it. 
Basic idea is that people saw the stock market kept going up up up so they borrowed money to invest so they could just get some free money real quick, (just like many Bitcoin "investers") but the market went down down down and lost all their money meaning they couldn't repay the banks the money they borrowed. That meant that the banks couldn't operate because back then Banks didn't have the FDIC or a ton of rules regulating them so they shut down when they couldn't give people their money. 
Banks shutting down tends to make people uneasy and not want to invest money anymore thus the tons of mattresses full of money. 
Speculation is only one of several causes, but it is seen as one of the more significant dominoes that pushed everything else down. Realistically though its one of the questionable ones seeing as if you look at history not THAT MANY people even invested, but ya know the state of Texas says teach this SO, I at least have to teach it in some fashion. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:33:56
O, I intend on at least talking about the reasons behind speculation and how it can succeed or fail. 