@_author: hitleraintshit
@_date: 2018-12-25 06:16:32
Yes it was created in response to the 2008 financial crash to try and avoid a similar thing happening.
Though it is insanely ironic that the 2008 crash was caused by people (in this case banks and funds) assuming some of their assets were not risky at all and safe as houses. When the reality was shown and the value of those assets dropped everything went to shit.
Solution? Create a new asset class with no tangible value that in a time of need will be abandoned and those holding it will all lose out. It’s scary how short sighted it was.
@_date: 2018-12-25 06:43:25
Hmmm let’s see..
One is a partial ownership to companies currently selling goods and services to millions if not billions of customers. Has been around for over 100 years and generally grows upward. There are crashes but when splitting the last 100 years into 5, 10, 20 or 30 year intervals it typically grows consistently. When you buy into it you are buying a piece of a company (or many companies) with employees, products and typically running a profit.
The other is ownership of a bit of data that has no tangible value. It is not linked to a profit, service, commodity, resource or company. It’s only worth is defined by what someone else is willing to pay for it. It has existed ONLY for 10 years and in that time has generally been stagnant aside from occassional booms and crashes of differing sizes. The latest being an 85% crash.
Yeah I know which one I trust my long term wealth with. 
@_date: 2018-12-25 00:46:21
People are still buying iPads, ordering from amazon, using their Visa cards.
Stocks will be completely fine.
Bitcoin however, 10yrs on and still no mainstream uses. I know which one I’d be more worried about.
@_date: 2018-12-26 05:05:49


Lol what?
Please link me to some examples of how double spend has been a problem for people using fiat. It’s not a problem. When you make up imaginary issues (like banks are controlling my money!) you try and find a reason for bitcoin to be useful but don’t realise that for every pro bitcoin has 10 cons when it comes to acting as a currency.
Hahaha a source for the fact that every currency in circulation has government oversight. Do you have any idea what a reserve bank does? Any idea how a government pays for schools, hospitals, roads etc? Have any idea why governments need to print money? Have any idea how the value of a dollar didn’t crash during the ‘08 crisis and you weren’t suddenly paying $5 for a can of Coke? Any idea why tax laws exist and how they are enforced? Any idea what monetary policy is and why we have interest rates between banks etc.? Any idea why the fractional reserve banking works and we are using it?
People who think bitcoin can replace fiat are like people who think you could replace an entire car engine and drive train with a battery. The currency used is just one small component in an economy, you can’t replace the currency with something that can’t be managed, created and controlled by a central entity without the entire system and country grinding to a halt.
Or you think it’s just a coincidence that every currency around the world is managed by a central government? A currency &lt;&gt; an economy. You don’t seem to understand that.
@_date: 2018-12-26 00:24:46
Hahahaha yeah arguable if you are arguing with a compete moron.
Even hear of a “double spend” issue before blockchain came along? No because it’s never been an issue with fiat and isn’t an issue that needs to be resolved.
Even if it was an issue which it’s not, you don’t just swap crypto for cash and problem solved! A currency is just one small part of an entire economy, there is no way bitcoin could replace fiat as currency needs to be regulated and controlled by a government for it to actually work.
@_date: 2018-12-26 00:19:59
Hahahaha “how early we still are” yeah keep telling yourself that as we go into 11 years after inception and no mainstream uses.
This is the ultimate fools gold, because people keep telling themselves they are early adopters when actually it’s ancient tech by today’s standards.
@_date: 2018-12-26 17:38:22
Yeah mate and you sound like someone who has been presented with facts and reasoning that you can’t explain or counter so you just say you don’t care.




As I’ve established A) there isn’t a double spend problem with fiat currently so there is not a problem to be solved there. B) using bitcoin to solve the imaginary problem would introduce so many other issues that the economy wouldn’t be able to function.
You put together a completely unfeasible solution to a completely made up issue and I point that out and you say you can’t set it straight coz I don’t understand and you can’t be bothered. Nice one, really hope you haven’t wasted too much money investing in something that you can’t make a use case for.
@_date: 2018-12-26 16:56:50
Wow what an amazing response.
Yeah so over my head mate.
You’re just like every other guy around here that doesn’t understand anything about economics. You think we can replace fiat with a currency that the government can’t regulate or print new money. You will sit there saying printing money is bad while driving on the same roads that money paid for. You don’t have a clue mate and the fact your entire post is just ‘ahhh I’m not gonna respond coz you wouldn’t understand anyway’ is the type of crap Trump would say when he hasn’t got a clue.
Go read some economics books mate.
Also central banks are not privately owned the same way normal companies are. Tell me other private companies who have their chairman appointed by the government? You haven’t got a clue buddy.
@_date: 2018-12-25 00:57:04
Risky assets with no tangible value are the first thing to be sold in a recession.
A recession would be very bad for bitcoin. You think if you lost your job and landlord sold your apartment you’d still be holding on to that bitcoin while trying to make ends meet living in your car? Just look back at the last crisis and tell me people impacted by that would hodl and even buy more during the crisis. Absolutely not.