@_author: hiyhr
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:25:10
I agree.  I don't understand why an event like this create more chatter about the need for regulation than it does the need for decentralized exchanges. That mindset from this audience is troubling.  The problem is manipulation by those that have significant centralized power/control.  Why not try to decentralize the control rather than regulate (which really only transfers power to a different usually even more centralized authority)?
I'm not against regulation, but it comes with clear and obvious negative impacts too, so keeping it to a minimum ought to be obvious.  In the case of crytpo-currencies regulation would neuter some of the best attributes.  
Decentralized exchanges on the other hand would seem to solve the problem this event exposes much more elegantly and without handing over the freedom and nimbleness of the crypto-currency concept.  Where is the outcry for this solution?  What am I missing?
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:50:13
You cannot ignore this BTC community.  
There is almost nothing other than morals preventing the folks that run Mt Gox from buying $100 bitcoins from their fearful customers on their own exchange, making BTC withdrawals (but not allowing customers to do the same) and selling on other exchanges.  Wouldn't you like to make a 5x return in 1 hour?
I have a hard time believing that FUD alone can explain the continued link between Gox price drops and the simultaneous drops at other exchanges.  Gox could easily be draining insane amounts of fiat out of the other BTC exchanges and into their own pockets.  
If they are not intentionally perpetuating this manipulation by not allowing customer BTC withdrawals and letting the exchange rate drop, they are are at least guilty of doing amazing damage to the global BTC community by letting it persist.   If they were honest, they would stop all trading on their site until they sorted this out.  An exchange without withdrawals is a self-contradiction.
If they are not playing this for immense personal gain, I will be totally astounded.
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:51:40
What makes you think that?  Mt Gox wrote their own wallet software, they suspended customer withdrawals at their own will, they are testing their own new withdrawal systems.  Why do you think they couldn't allow withdrawals from their own addresses?  I find your faith remarkable.  They (or other insiders they allow into the game) stand to make millions.  
If they are not taking advantage of this situation, then why not suspend trading at the same time as withdrawals to prevent the such a huge market discrepancy?  Such a discrepancy normally represents a barrier to trade.  But if Mt Gox controls the entry/exit points of the market, then they are not limited by the same trade barrier and have the opportunity to perform arbitrage without hindrance.  Why else would all other markets continue to plummet synchronously with Mt Gox?  
If there is truly the same market barrier for everyone, I would expect the markets to be more independent.  I find it hard to believe that folks holding thousands of BTC would really think that it is sensible to sell off at each new Mt Gox drop when Mt Gox is in a defunct state.  Some FUD selling is expected, but not after so many days of the same pattern at Gox.  