@_author: hizonner
@_date: 2016-08-28 14:47:22
Or, if DNS is decentralized enough for you, you don't feel like masturbating with avatars or whatever, and you prefer not to pay to run an entire company for such a trivial function: 
@_date: 2016-04-26 19:03:56
I'm on page 5 and I still know nothing substantive about what this thing is.
@_date: 2018-01-09 16:13:49
Lightning, with or without onion routing, does not come anywhere close to the privacy properties of the top dedicated privacy coins. Dash, maybe, sure. Monero, not even in the same ballpark. ZCash, not even in the same universe.
Nor is it a full solution for scaling. It's one of those hacks you can do once to get a one-time constant factor, after which you'll have to do something completely different to scale further. And it may or may not even be practical for people to have enough money in payment channels to get really useful scaling out of Lightning at all.
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:17:14


Yes, it's very easy to build infrastructure inside a private preserve, to serve the needs of one or a few specific actors who can coordinate easily.
I'm sure the Emir of Kuwait has some very nice roads on his estate. Excellent gazebos, too.
The real world is not and cannot be a private preserve, and it contains many actors who cannot coordinate easily. The only way to *make* the world a private preserve would to create an oligarchy that owned everything and make it impossible for anybody else to accumulate any capital. Sounds like good deal if you're the King...


First of all, housing developments rely on large green-field tracts. Before they're sold off, they're private preserves just like the oilfields. As soon as one gets sold off, the future ability to do anything similar in the area is permanently destroyed. So when that development needs to be *modified* for some reason, which it will, you're often screwed.
But let's ignore that for a moment.
I've seen infrastructure (and buildings) in "upscale" housing developments fall apart after 20 years, because the developer didn't give a fuck what happened once the units were sold off. It's not universal, but it happens, and it happens as often as it happens with comparably funded public infrastructure. Actually, given the "comparable funding" requirement, it probably happens *more* often.
It would probably happen still more often if those roads (and buildings) weren't forced to *meet government standards* and *pass government inspections*. Developing  and enforcing those standards is a large tax-funded expense on which your housing developments free-ride. The only *more* expensive way of providing that sort of oversight is to try to do it through individual contracts.
So it would appear that your pronouncement that "those roads are better than anything government has ever planned" is based on your lack of real world experience.
And saying you can sue somebody when that happens is a lame, goalpost-moving answer. The point is that it does happen, somebody has to absorb the cost when it does, and lawsuits do not make anybody completely whole.
Out here in the real world, I've also seen housing developments have to be forced by government to provide less visible services like effective sewage treatment in the first place. What they originally proposed cheaped out on that. None of the "voluntarily contracting" parties happened to live downstream to get fucking typhoid fever or whatever.
If you had real world experience, you would also know when housing developments *do* have good infrastructure, they *very commonly* deal
with maintenance by getting a local *government* to take it on a certain time after it's built. When they don't (or until they do), they use HOAs, which are:
1. Right at the size limit for a private contractual arrangement.
2. Not a lot more voluntary than a local government. Yeah, if I don't want the HOA, I don't have to move into the development. And if I don't want the government, I don't have to move into the city. Yeah, if I don't want the HOA to tell me I have to pay a "road fee" or that I can't have a round window, I can run for the board. And if I don't like the city telling me that, I can run for the council.
3. Notorious for being obnoxious and capricious, because they typically lack any concept of due process or fairness, and are often captured by crazy busybodies who make city-council cranks look like amateurs.
4. Notorious for being even slower, stupider, less flexible, and less adaptable than governments.
5. Frequently corrupt, partly because they have fewer safeguards than governments.
6. Not infrequently prone to give up and cede the area to actual municipal governments after a few decades.
Again, HOAs are right at the limit of the number of actors contracts can coordinate on a maintenance project. I doubt an HOA *could* coordinate an original development project of meaningful size; that's done by the developer, unilaterally, before the HOA is established and before there are so many contracting parties.
If you had real world experience, you might have noticed that, even though they're right at the hairy edge of what contracts can do, even though they have a huge green-field start advantage, even though they're short-lived, and even though they get lots of government help, housing developments and HOAs are still tiny little enclaves that don't provide complete economies.
Everybody in a housing development would die in a few days if it weren't linked to a larger network.  That larger network requires *too many independent actors to have them all coordinated via contracts*.
At most you could get a bit bigger using bullshit fake contracts that nobody had any real alternative other than to accept. Even then the fiction of consent would break down at a certain scale.
Try building transcontinental highways, or a transcontinental railroad system (only quasi-private even in the US), or even the road or God-help-you sewer network for an *entire* city of significant size. Do it in an area that's already populated, because there is no Great Frontier, and even if there were not everybody could live on it. Then show you can keep it maintained and useful to people for just a *little* while, say 50 or 100 years.
If you can meet those *non-negotiable physical needs*, and do it without creating institutions that are essentially governments by another name, then we can talk about switching from the real world to your never-before-tried contracts-and-property utopia.
By the way, don't bother to show me cherry picked comparison photos of McMansionville and the wrong side of the tracks. If you want to compare McMansionville with public roads, then use the public roads in an area with a comparable income profile, and make sure you get a representative sample.
Also, re your "unconstutional eminent domain" remark: if you're going to worship the US Constitution, I suggest you find out what it says. It *specifically provides* for eminent domain. That's what "taken for public use" means. You can argue about the boundaries of that, but there is absolutely no doubt that eminent domain per se is constitutional in the US.
Also, chew on this: eminent domain has been used to build private housing developments. Which you and I probably agree is likely unconstitutional and definitely sleazy.
But my point is that the *reason* it was used that way was that otherwise the developments wouldn't have gotten built. Because *private contract was incapable of coordinating that activity, just as it is incapable of coordinating other activities effectively at scale*.
@_date: 2017-12-02 15:19:26
Yeah, about 99 percent built by private companies PAID BY THE GOVERNMENT WITH MONEY FROM TAXES, WITH THE GOVERNMENT TAKING SOME OR ALL OF THE LAND FROM PRIOR OWNERS VIA EMINENT DOMAIN AND DOING ALL THE OVERALL PLANNING.
There is ZERO probability that you could coordinate ANY kind of halfway decent, halfway widespread road system without coercion, as is obvious to any non-moron who observes humans for more than about 15 minutes.
I was an idiot like you when I was 19, so I guess maybe you'll grow out of it...
@_date: 2015-12-16 18:55:58
It will be lucky to beat the S&amp;P in the long term, for the reasons I gave.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:47:46
Well, that kills any possibility of the base OpenBazaar code ever being useful for a true "free market". That may be good or bad, but it's true.
You can't monetize anything without some control point. Even if you could, those funding institutions are pressurable.
The best you can hope for is that they'll use the money to finish the code, and then have the truly decentralized system come up on pirate forks.
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:17:19
Why would I want to do business with somebody who was scared of a string of numbers?
@_date: 2014-12-24 17:09:21
The lesson is that cryptocurrencies that are not COMPLETELY anonymous BY DEFAULT are not fit for purpose, period. It's been absolutely predictable from day one that businesses would be forced to do this, but people with influence over the Bitcoin protocol have ignored it. It will in all probability destroy the currency by making it non-fungible.
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:56:26
So degrees don't matter, politics don't matter, and existing norms don't matter. Brilliant.
Some things are effectively fungible because it's too hard to track where they came from, or too hard to detect the differences between one unit and another.
Gold is, in a practical sense, perfectly fungible. If you refabricate it and maybe do a refining step, the analysis to tell where it came from, if possible at all, is prohibitively expensive for *anybody*. In practice, you're rarely going to have to do even that.
Cash is pretty close. You can definitely taint it if you're *very* close to the source of the taint. But once it's been out circulating in the economy, it's not realistic to trace it back.
People do not *choose* to ignore information about those things. They ignore the information because it's too hard to get it.
With Bitcoin, it's trivial to get the information. Not everybody will "voluntarily agree" to ignore it, and even a small minority who don't can and *will* screw up the system to the point of unusability. That's especially likely because legal norms, *which are adapted to it being hard to trace things*, will tend to take the position that if you can trace it, you shouldn't ignore it.
I don't know what legal or regulatory rules would evolve over "degree of taint" on a particular payment, but it's really, blindingly obvious that they're going to be complicated enough, and inconsistent enough among jurisdictions, that you may suddenly find that a certain input, maybe one you got a long time ago in a transaction you had no way to investigate, is unspendable. And probably that you have to somehow register the fact that you turned over the "tainted portion" of that input to somebody before you can spend the rest... which means a gigantic tracking structure. And then you get to carry insurance against failures in that tracking. And perhaps prove your insurance *and* your tracking practices to people you're sending payments to.
And before long, Bitcoin is 10 times more expensive than banks, and every transaction carries a week of red tape.
And it's equally obvious that it being harder to trace an input in the normal case will make that much, much less likely to happen. To have any chance of avoiding it, anonymity has to be nearly universal. Otherwise you end up with a situation where an input's having been "anonymized" is itself a source of taint.
The only "voluntary agreement" that's going to have any *real* effect is voluntary agreement by the majority of users to make anonymity so ubiquitous that tracing coins is so hard that nobody tries to build practices around it.
Either ubiquitous tainting, or *practically* complete fungibility, will become the prevailing norm. After that happens, the only "voluntary agreement" any dissenter is going to be able to make is to use the system or to leave it. The idea that you can negotiate different norms *inside* the system is just stupid.
In a practical sense, we all can, and *will*, be "forced" to work the way that everybody else does in an impersonal system with standardized transactions. Personally I think being forced by a majority to accept coins whose origin you don't know is a hell of a lot better than being forced by a minority to deal with a chaotic, unpredictable currency.
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:37:15
You don't understand how the phone network works, either. Do phone numbers bother you?
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:11:58
... and the only resaon a government agency can come and seize their assets in the first place is that they're centralized.
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:06:59
You can argue about whether or not privacy is a core Bitcoin issue, but *fungibility* is an absolutely *critical* core issue for anything that wants to be a currency. Without some kind of anonymity as the *default* for Bitcoin transactions, you're going to end up with a situation where some coins are better than others.
We've already seen people wanting to refuse to deal in coins known to have been stolen.
With regulators taking an interest, and with exchanges and others paying a huge amount of attention to those regulators, there's going to be a lot of pressure to refuse "bad" coins. How long before coins that are known to have been used in say, drug deals, are no longer negotiable with certain businesses in certain countries?
What happens when some colored-coin scheme over which the "core" of Bitcoin has no control ends up associating certain coins with illegal or otherwise unpopular activities in ways we haven't even dreamed of?
How is anybody going to function with that kind of chaos going on?
@_date: 2014-10-11 22:43:13
The biggest problems with electronic voting systems are that the computer or software a person is using to vote can be subverted, and that a lot of people can't figure out how to use them (or are too computer-phobic to try). There are also issues with remote voting like exactly how you know nobody is standing over the voter with a gun, although that's not just for electronic voting.
The blockchain does exactly zero about any of the hard problems.
There are lots of cryptographic systems specifically designed for elections, and they provide features that the blockchain does not natively provide, like secret ballots with voter verifiability. How many features you get is partly dependent on how complicated you're willing to make it for the voter, but in general they do pretty well. Much better than a naive port of Bitcoin. There's really no obvious advantage to using a blockchain.
You have a cryptographic hammer. If you get a cryptographic screwdriver, you'll be able to tell a screw from a nail...
@_date: 2014-06-14 14:00:48
That "work in progress" comment is pretty clueless.
We're getting closer and closer to the point where significant changes to the protocol will be impossible for political and cooperation reasons,. There are too many stakeholders who have to play along. More are showing up every day. Changes that modify the balance of power among those stakeholders will be particularly difficult. When a change is controversial, the status quo will tend to win.
Every time we see "X, Y, or Z is now investing in Bitcoin / using Bitcoin / supporting Bitcoin", we are a step closer to unchangeability.
Mr. Andresen and friends need to move FAST with any politically difficult changes, or they will become irrelevant and something else will become the reference client.
It's not a "work in progress" if you can't change it.
@_date: 2014-04-09 13:26:00


"Cypherpunks write code" -- Eric Hughes, "A Cypherpunk's Manifesto", 1993
PGP, SSLeay (now OpenSSL), the 1990s crypto export wars... those are a big part of the reason there are the crypto tools and public knowledge to create something like Bitcoin today.
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:55:33
You don't necessarily have to have the private key in your possession when you recieve the bitcoin, which means that mugging you gets them nothing. You literally CAN'T give up the bitcoin until you get back to wherever the private key is. And if you're really paranoid, you can find ways to arrange it so that you won't have access to the key for several days, and/or only after talking to multiple friendly people in places you consider safe.
Admittedly, a random mugger might not be smart enough to know that. But the person who sold you the bitcoin should understand it, if that's who you're worried about.
Is localbitcoins legal there? Otherwise you might have to worry about the person you're dealing with being a cop.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:47:05
I, for one, wrote off Darkwallet the minute I found out it was being done as a Chrome add-on. I mean, seriously. If you think it's a good idea to *choose* to expose your users' private keys to a giant third-party blob the size of Chrome, which is *deliberately* talking to all kinds of stuff all over the network all the time and running *code* from those sources, when you had many other possible paths available, then you're not worth taking seriously.
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:14:02


At this point I think all networks are known to be hostile.
@_date: 2015-05-30 12:21:58
I'm paid in US dollars, but oddly enough I don't pay a lot of attention to how the Federal Reserve handles transactions.
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:49:05
I heartily agree that they both need money.
I2P's Jave implementation doesn't bother me as much as the fact that the normal installation exposes an unmodified Web browser to all of the eepsites. AND it uses that *same* Web browser for its own administration. It's even worse than the TBB about exposing browser leaks and vulnerabilities. And the TBB is the worst part of Tor itself.
Heck, eepsites often have links right out into the clearnet. Hello, Referer header.
I2P is in desperate need of moving the "standard" way of working to be on Whonix or Qubes or something. And the network is small, and that's a problem for anonymity too.
And unfortunately it has a lot of the same problems as Tor hidden services, or at least close analogs of those problems.
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:43:42
Nothing can ever "prove that it has not been compromised". And "compromised" isn't a binary state anyway.
The Tor project has always been open about its weaknesses. A LOT of ways to compromise Tor have been published. Many of them, or variants of them, would also work against I2P and other similar systems, by the way. Maintaining anonymity against a quasi-global passive adversary is *hard*, and so is maintaining anonymity with untrustworthy relays.
Tor is in trouble at the moment, because people are using it for protection against national-level adversaries, and those adversaries have now climbed the learning curve to attack it. But the adversaries are almost certainly using attacks that everybody who was *paying attention* has *always* known could be problems. We *know* that governments can mount *exactly* the kinds of attacks that Tor has *always* admitted being vulnerable to. Even if this latest thing wasn't caused by those vulnerabilities, the vulnerabilities are *still there* and *nothing is new*. Tor *is* compromised, or at least compromisable, it always has been, we all *knew* that, and they've always *admitted* it.
Nonetheless, the Tor project probably still has the world's biggest concentration of expertise in addressing those sorts of problems. And Tor is still extremely useful if you're not fighting state-level adversaries.
So is it better to fund Tor to try to fix the problems, to do without completely, or to trust something else? As far as I can see, your alternatives to Tor are I2P (structurally similar to Tor, although better optimized for hidden services and with different weaknesses "emphasized") and a lot of snake-oil systems thrown together by people who don't even understand the problems.
@_date: 2014-10-11 22:49:00
Kids, try giving the indignation about "whose lunch it is" a rest. Corporate types have been using "eat our lunch" to mean "compete us out of business" since at least the 1980s. That's all it means.
@_date: 2017-02-06 14:29:22
No block chain that grows monotonically is really scalable.
It doesn't help if there's no cap on the block size, if nobody can afford to store, forward, or validate all of the blocks.
Monero transactions are relatively large and it's really hard to prune the chain because you don't know what's been mixed into any given transaction. So Monero has worse scaling problems than Bitcoin or lots of other things.
That doesn't mean Bitcoin can scale, either, by the way. Lightning and side chains, even if they were actually available, don't really scale Bitcoin itself. They just let you do Bitcoin-*denominated* transactions outside of Bitcoin, while throwing away some of Bitcoin's desirable properties. Basically Bitcoin hit its own scaling wall a while ago and now people are bickering about what to do.
Also, Bitcoin is very likely to die in the long term without on-chain fungibility... it's just as important as scalability if not more so.
The bottom line is that nobody's actually built *any* cryptocurrency that can become "the" money in the long term.
@_date: 2015-01-23 15:24:52
Sidechains will not help, and altcoins don't really help, either. It's dangerous to act as though they were solutions. There needs to be a community norm that you support and use anonymity, even if you feel you don't need it. If that norm isn't adopted and followed, you get something very much like a free rider problem that ends up hurting everybody.
If anonymous money is only available in walled gardens, then moving money in or out of those walled gardens becomes suspicious. If using anonymity costs more, in money or effort or safety, than being non-anonymous, and if there's no strong norm against *not* using anonymity, then anonymity is very likely to have only a few users. And even if you do manage to get a lot of users with walled gardens, each individual garden will only have a few. You want them all using one big system, so that they're indistinguishable. Fragmentation loses much of the value of anonymity, thus driving down adoption even further.
In a world where anonymity is optional (especially if's rare), using it gets a new, extra cost: by doing it, you put on a big "I have something to hide" sign. This drives the user adoption down even further, which in turn makes using anonymity still riskier.
In the end, you end up with an anonymous garden that's occupied only by a few true believers and by people who *really* have something to hide. Which has terrible optics. You obviously won't know exactly what people are hiding, but there will be a widespread (possibly true) belief that the anonymous garden is only for illicit transactions. At that point authorities have every incentive to outlaw anonymity. And there's nobody to fight against that, because most users won't see it as their problem, and the ones who *do* see it as their problem would be stuck *losing* their anonymity to fight publicly. But at this point, we've limited that set to only the people who have a lot to lose, so they understandably won't do that.
So you end up with no useful anonymity. And then the problems set in. You lose fungibility, and then the whole currency fails (or becomes slower and more expensive than existing banks, which is really the same thing). Not only does it fail, but it may leave behind a poisoned, anti-anonymity regulatory environment that makes it very hard to start over. Once you start letting actors "opt out" of anonymity, everybody has an incentive to free ride.
Dominant currencies need to be *natively* anonymous as the *default* mode.
@_date: 2015-05-25 11:47:59
... and they all cooperate very nicely on this kind of thing, thank you very much, because they all have more or less the same view of it. That's why there's basically no more secret banking anywhere in the world.
Yeah, sometimes little states try to not play along, at which point they get leaned on by the big boys. The US leads in this, but the others sometimes do it too, cheer on the US when the US does it, and would be perfectly happy to do more if they needed to.
What you are saying is proven false by the current banking system.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:10:29
I've been able to send my friends PGP encrypted mail for 20 years. Doesn't make them use it.
@_date: 2017-02-23 18:31:06
What are you people smoking?
The only reason for requiring Bitcoin payments to come *from* a Coinbase wallet is to piggyback on Coinbase's AML/KYC and avoid getting tainted coins.
Segwit would have no effect whatsoever on that, and neither would Lightning unless your payment channel was willing to indemnify you against ending up with tainted coins. Which they won't.
The only thing that would solve this sort of problem would be for Bitcoin to get real fungibility. I don't see that ever happening.
[On edit: I would like to retract this. It probably really is the fact that Coinbase-to-Coinbase transactions never hit the blockchain and always "confirm". I overemphasized the long-term killer problem and thereby ignored the short-term killer problem. Which, come to think of it, is kind of how Bitcoin got here...]
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:03:43
Replying to myself...
... by the way, that mechanical Western attitude would make any CP that got introduced into the blockchain a *very* real problem in the US and Europe.
@_date: 2017-03-21 12:06:44
I'm of the opinion that approximately none of the Bitcoin users in China are actually going to read your little message in a bottle, so the Chinese government is not going to care.
@_date: 2016-03-16 15:39:34


Um. What?
The point is that "normal sellers" may not want to associate themselves with some of the stuff that's on the darknet markets. They may actively *want* to put their "real" names and reputations on whatever they sell... and they may *not* want those names and reputations associated with drugs/guns/whatever.
If sellers believe that OpenBazaar is *or is perceived to be* primarily for "illicit" use, they may choose not to put their stores on OpenBazaar, because they don't want to be seen as black marketeers. And that is a completely rational concern on their part, because that's how some customers and others will think.
If the "normal sellers" don't have anything for sale, then the "normal buyers" will not show up either. And buyers will also have a somewhat weaker version of the same reputational concerns that sellers will have.
Anybody who's "scared off" will have been "scared off" by a genuine risk, and that risk is *not* mitigated by marking thing as NSFW or whatever (which is itself a dangerous thing if you *are* an illicit seller). This isn't some silly worry about being exposed to naughty thoughts. It's a real concern about reputation.
There's a similar risk for OpenBazaar itself if it's perceived as a "dark market". When the cops and the politicians come knocking, it's a *lot* easier to fend them off if you can credibly claim to be a general-purpose platform that's "regrettably sometimes abused" than if you are obviously used almost exclusively for "dark" stuff. It also helps to have non-dark friends, in the form of all the buyers and sellers of "legitimate" goods who would be hurt if you were shut down.
That sort of political positioning is *hugely* important. It can prevent crackdowns. Even if the crackdowns do come, it may delay them for long enough that you can get more entrenched and be harder to shut down.
The concern is real and sane, and I say all this as a very pro-anonymity person, who is worried that OpenBazaar may screw up and back itself into a corner where it can't add anonymity later.


You wanna talk about sophistry...
@_date: 2017-03-20 18:47:35


That threshold would be when some significant number of their citizens were capable of actually extracting the stuff from the blockchain and reading it, and actually chose to do so.
Meaning almost certainly never.
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:00:40
Yes, if you actually piss them off, they will come after you. If they see you as a genuine threat, they can get quite violent.
They're kind of variable about what they consider to be a threat. What usually tends to set them off is anything that they think might get popular traction within China, or might embarrass China.
No, they don't worry about every technical violation.
The whole point of having a huge laundry list of vaguely defined offenses is to give themselves leeway in coming after you *whenever  they feel you are a threat*. But that does not mean that they are going to bother themselves to come after you when they do *not* feel you are a threat.
If you went to China, and found some way to say something that the government thought was damaging, but did *not* technically violate any of the rules you listed... then they would still come after you. They would either stretch the nearest rule to cover what you did, or simply rewrite the rules after the fact. Amateur lawyer games would not save you.
In the same way, if they don't give a shit about what you're doing, you can't use amateur lawyer games to *make* them give a shit.
From a cultural point of view, they are for the most part much more pragmatic and much less mechanical about applying rules than are people in "the West".
@_date: 2017-01-16 17:41:49
What planet are you from? Minors can and do pay income tax all the time in the US.
... but I doubt they can get trading accounts for securities, either.
@_date: 2016-11-24 14:12:40
Who told you Bitcoin guaranteed any privacy? Unless you apply tons of care to easy-to-screw-up OPSEC measures, Bitcoin is the most public, traceable way to transfer value that you could imagine.
If you want privacy, you want one of the privacy coins...
@_date: 2015-08-24 18:36:36
1. If somebody chooses to do so, it's feasible [on edit-- without ridiculous inconvenience] for that person to transact entirely in Bitcoin, over a very large part of the world. That means running a business in Bitcoin, and/or having a job in Bitcoin... and being able to buy everything that business needs, and make all or almost all personal purchases, in Bitcoin.
2. Bitcoin is a good enough store of value that it's not teriffically difficult or dangerous to use it as your main form of money, at least for transactions and working funds. I don't give a rat's ass how it performs as a speculative vehicle, though, and I would accept having to jump through some hoops for long-term storage of large amounts of value... including holding that value in non-Bitcoin-denominated forms, or hedging against volatility.
2. Bitcoin is reliably fungible; I can always spend an input, no matter where I got it, and no matter where the person who sent it to me got it. That includes spending it on goods or services *and* converting it into other currencies.
3. Transactions in Bitcoin aren't affected by the laws of anyplace other than the place(s) where the transacting parties live. Note that this may not be feasible without making it nearly impossible to enforce even *domestic* laws on Bitcoin transactions; if so, so be it.
Bitcoin's lack of privacy is likely to make it impossible to meet these goals, assuming its lack of governance doesn't destroy it first.
@_date: 2015-08-29 13:01:20
Anonymity will not be able to grow in a ghetto, whether it be altcoins, sidechains, or whatever. It will end up outright forbidden, or it will be so disreputable that using it produces an unacceptable cost.
The reasoning will be "Anonymouswhatevercoin is used only for anonymity. Anonymity is only for criminals. Therefore we will outlaw all anonymous coins, make it illegal to exchange them for fiat, Bitcoin, or whatever else, beef up the KYC/AML to even more ridiculous levels, go after people just for having the software installed, etc. No powerful, established interests will be damaged by this, because the mainstream is on the already established, non-anonymous Bitcoin, and is already suspicious of anybody who's too anonymous.".
Cover matters. Deniability matters. Norms and expectations matter. It matters who's inconvenienced in a crackdown. It matters what meaning people attach to using the anonymous system in the first place.
Anonymity needs to be the primary, normal, expected option that everybody uses, or at the very least the obvious choice for some large "sub-mainstream"... big enough to provide cover, and *with a reason to use it other than anonymity itself*. And it can't get there if it's suppressed before it gets a chance to grow.
For that matter, there are people who would say "Anonymity features need to exist for governments, while the private individuals need to be tracked".
It's probably too late for Bitcoin. But it may also be too late for any alternatives.
@_date: 2015-08-05 13:45:21
MorphisCreator, can you explain why you chose to do another project along these lines, rather than adopting, contributing to, or improving an existing one?
I'm very worried about the fact that there are so many systems very similar to one another, with no clear leader. There are a lot of network effects among users, and projects seem to survive better if they have multiple developers, too. I'm afraid that none of these projects are taking off, both because users and developers are spread so thinly, and because the sheer number of them makes it hard for users to figure out what they should adopt.
That's especially bad because there are so many problems with the economic incentives.
@_date: 2015-08-29 13:04:38
Um, you do know that *no* new bitcoin will *ever* be mined after a certain point, right? It's not a question of centralization. You can't rely on mining as a source of untainted money in the long term. Eventually every UTXO will be traceable back to *some* transaction where *somebody* "doxxed themselves".
@_date: 2015-07-11 23:06:42
So, OK, they have a legal obligation to report. That's exactly why they, and all similar businesses, should be boycotted. Alternative means of getting money in and out of Bitcoin will only develop if there's demand for them. It has nothing to do with "witch hunts", and everything to do with supporting the kind of currency you want to see.
Bitcoin is inherently political. A very major reason to use it is to get away from government control over money and payments.
Although many users are basically gold bugs who are mostly concerned about the "fiat" nature of fiat currency, many other users are concerned either about government snooping on every transaction, or about removing or sharply restricting government's ability to control who can pay whom and for what.
Somebody with either of those two latter sets of concerns really ought to be trying to make the currency as independent as possible of these "MSBs". And this sort of thing is why.
On edit: Remember that CoinCafe has no *right* to expect your business. You can deny it to them for any reason you want. It doesn't have to be because they're evil.
@_date: 2015-07-12 11:17:30


False. You can go to jail for deliberately concealing the source of illegally obtained funds, or for structuring a transaction to evade reporting.
You can choose to buy from a random, non-MSB individual, or even from a foreign MSB, with *legally* obtained funds. You don't have to conceal the source of the funds from anybody. You may very well even tell them both where the funds came from and where they're going; the point is that the transaction isn't systematically surveilled, not that it's a big secret.
You may even up telling lots of other people about the transaction, or for that matter reporting it yourself on your taxes. And with Bitcoin, from the point that you're on the blockchain, you *can't* conceal the source of funds (which I admittedly think is a bug).
And choosing to use a non-reporting entity, which is itself operating legally, for a personal transaction that would never be reported *anyway* (and that's most transactions), is not evading reporting. It's just choosing a service provider in a way that encourages the ecosystem you want to see.
It's not illegal *per se* to choose your method of getting Bitcoin with an eye toward creating a world where reporting isn't the norm.
Yeah, if you go buy $1999 worth of Bitcoin every day, using your unreported gun-running money, from the same guy each time, and that guy has done 1000 transactions on Localbitcoins, you can go to jail. If you take $100 of your normal, legally obtained walking around money out of your pocket, buy Bitcoin from some random person with no known history, and use the Bitcoin to buy peanut brittle shipped to your home address, you're not going to jail. Not even if you do it fairly frequently.


How many people use Bitcoin for really apolitical reasons? Can you even *name* a common reason to use Bitcoin (on a regular basis, not just once or twice to play with the cool crypto tech) that doesn't have a strong political dimension?
Actually, code in general is often political.


Except that I'm not *commanding* people to do it my way. I'm trying to *persuade* them to do it my way, by appealing to their interest in having a less controlled financial system. And I'm not throwing anybody in jail, or even threatening to.
@_date: 2019-04-30 14:29:41
That doesn't appear to address the question. At all.
@_date: 2019-04-30 15:53:04


OK, what's my malicious objective here?
Difficulty: I have no financial interest in any blockchain project. I hold only pocket change amounts of few cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and *not* including anything that's forked from Bitcoin. The developers of the coin I hold the *most* of seem to like Lightning, are considering adopting something that's basically the same, and seem not to believe that what I've described is a problem.
I do not contribute code to any blockchain project. I am not involved in any project or organization whose success depends on any particular blockchain project succeeding or failing. Neither is anybody close to me.
The only things I "hate" here are delusions and tribal paranoia.


I am not using "solve" in any tricky technical sense. I'm using it in the common, ordinary, practical sense.
There is no known or proposed routing protocol for Lightning that will work well in a very decentralized network.
To quantify that:
1. You could definitely get away with a Lightning network that had 10 major hubs, each of which was biconnected to two of say 10,000 "gateways", each of which had 1000 end users. I do not consider that to be decentralized.
2. You could *probably* get away with 100 hubs and even 100,000 "gateways". I still wouldn't see that as decentralized enough, given a world in which the use of the currency had grown enough to make it necessary.
3. You could *not* get away with, say, half of Bitcoin users each relaying transactions on the behalf of 5 or 10 others. Which is the degree of decentralization you actually need.


Nope, Bitcoin kept small blocks because of tribalism. At best some people used a dubious decentralization argument to recruit more true believers. At the same time, many of the same people made many other decisions that interfered with decentralization, and made real permissionless impossible.
Many of the other projects have done much of what *they* have done because of tribalism, too. I won't mention them by name because I understand that's forbidden here...
@_date: 2019-04-30 14:25:03
Actually, finding the shortest route in a network with fixed link costs is not NP-anything. Dijkstra's algorithm is N log N.
However, finding a route in a network *where the link costs change in response to traffic* is an unsolved problem.
A highly centralized Lightning network can probably pretend it's doing the former, because a single transaction is rarely going to radically change the available capacity between, say, the members of a clique of 10 giant routing nodes run by what amount to banks.
A *decentralized* Lightning network has to solve the latter, because if you have many possible paths and many possible peers, the capacity of each channel has to be low enough to be affected by many possible transactions. The problem is also worse for a decentralized network because there are just that many more paths to keep track of.
So a relatively centralized Lightning network truly wouldn't have a bad routing problem and is easily built, whereas a highly decentralized Lightning network truly would have a very bad routing problem that nobody in fact knows how to solve. More Fields medal than Nobel prize, but still very hard.
Since the Bitcoin community seems to have given up on caring about real decentralization, and seems to have *totally* given up on caring about censorship resistance. I think Lightning routing seems feasible for Bitcoin. That wouldn't be true for a coin that did still care about those things.
@_date: 2019-04-30 17:44:50




Well, there are sure a lot of them around, and, yes, the vast majority of them seem to be idiots and/or scams.
But how exactly are they attacking Bitcoin? Because they dare to use the sacred blockchain technology for something other than currency?


Again, where's the attack?
I do have very serious reservations about Ethereum, but whether it works or not, it's just a different application of blockchain technology. Ethereum isn't even primarily designed as a Bitcoin competitor.
As for the big V, I'm not quite sure "does everything" is what he's said. I'd buy "does more than it's really reasonable to bite off".
And, although I agree that at this point all ICOs can be considered both stupid *and* scams, I'm not that it was as obviously stupid back then as it would be now. And the kid was like 19.
All I can see here is you actively trying to find people to call enemies. Not every other use of a blockchain is an attack on Bitcoin... unless you're looking at it from a tribal point of view to begin with.


I recognize those names but have no opinion of them. Honestly I can never remember who's on what side of the interminable warfare in Bitcoin and its spinoffs.
However, aren't those people at least major Bitcoin users and miners? Are they attacking *Bitcoin*, or they attacking *your (tribal) view of what Bitcoin should be*?


Those sorts of charlatans are noise. You'll always get them. Ignore them.


Pedophile billionaires attacking Bitcoin!
Again I have no idea who or what you're talking about. It sounds very exciting, though. Have the pedophile billionaires shut down many nodes yet?


Do you mean people who point out technical problems with blockchain currencies in general, and believe those problems to be fatal? I wouldn't think they'd bother to *attack* Bitcoin if they think it won't work at all.
Or do you mean the people who (possibly reasonably) worry about the social or environmental impact, and want to shut the whole thing down?
Those people might really attack you... but why shouldn't they attack something that they think is destructive? If you can't handle that kind of rough and tumble, you shouldn't be trying to play the game.
I'm an anonymity freak. My whole interest in cryptocurrencies is based on the idea that it's actively a good thing if everybody can hold money and send it ot to anybody else without anybody tracing it. My biggest problem with Bitcoin, specifically, is that it doesn't have an anonymity system. But I'm not prepared to say that somebody like, say, Nick Weaver, doesn't have a point, even if I don't agree with him in the end.
And none of those guys are trolling on Reddit, whatever other "attacks" they may be making.


Again, I have no clue who this is. I suggest ignoring them...
@_date: 2016-02-12 23:29:25
I thought I remembered the early announcements of OpenBazaar promising built in I2P support or maybe Tor support.  Am I wrong? If I'm not wrong, is it in there? If I'm not wrong and it's not in there, how is it feature complete?
Anonymity is a critical feature.
@_date: 2015-07-12 00:59:43
Individuals *systematically* selling on Localbitcoins are MSBs. Individuals selling sporadically in low volume for bona fide personal purposes are not MSBs. And there are non-US places to buy and sell as well. For that matter, you can just try to keep as many transactions as possible entirely inside the Bitcoin economy.
As to "realistic or beneficial", that kind of depends on what your objectives are. There are already convenient ways of buying and selling stuff online if you don't mind a lot of tracking, reporting, and restrictions. Some of us don't think it matters all that much if cryptocurrencies provide yet another solution for that application, because that application is already reasonably well served.
Untracked, uncontrolled, truly decentralized remote transactions, on the other hand, are almost completely unserved. If it comes to a choice between coming up with a real answer for those, and finding yet another way to buy stuff from Amazon, I know which one I prefer.
@_date: 2019-04-30 18:04:24


You're correct. But it was meant to deal with the *problem* temporarily. I don't think it was intended as a long-term fix.


LN was started late in the history I'm talking about. Nobody was working on it when the "war" started, at least not full time.
And it still isn't gonna work at scale. If it's disrespectful to those people to say it, then tough.


Did I hallucinate that time when the fees got into multiple dollars or tens of dollars, and some transactions just plain weren't clearing? How exactly did those people make that happen?
I know there was a "blockchain spam" conspiracy theory. It's going to take a hell of a lot of evidence to convince me that anybody spent that kind of money to generate that many fake transactions for no discernable gain.
The fee crunch went away because the "tulip fever" that generated it went away. The next time there's some kind of mania, it'll come back. It's not predictable when that might happen.
You're right that there's no *crisis*. It's pretty dumb to say that means there's no *urgency*. Especially because, as you point out, actually deploying solutions takes time.
Anyway, the bottom line is that, regardless of what the *fees* are, if Bitcoin actually tries to replace other money, the transactions aren't gonna fit on the chain. Which is, of course, the whole point of LN and whatever else.


You seriously believe that "the market" is some kind of omniscient god?
Markets are not perfect, and are especially bad at long term planning.
@_date: 2019-04-30 17:03:42
Here's what happened:
1. The project sat around and dithered and did nothing about impending scaling problems.
2. There was a spike in transaction volume. Because the block rate was fixed, it looked like blocks were going to fill up.
3. Some bickering started.
4. The bickering continued and escalated.
5. Some guy submitted a pull request to bump the block size as a temporary measure. Rather than being smart and getting others to buy in, he just did it out of the blue *after* the argument had started.
6. A bunch of other people got offended at the unilateralness of that.
7. Everybody spent the next year or whatever fighting about the block size. In the process, they even managed to lose sight of the fact that block size was more a proxy for chain growth than anything else. As a result:
   1. One side became absolutely dogmatic about the (stupid) idea that all you needed to do to deal with scaling was stick more transactions on the chain (by sticking more in each block).
   2. The other side got absolutely dogmatic about the (at least very dubious) idea that raising the block size at all would cause massive centralization. They were attached enough to that to let a pretty major fee crisis develop rather than gain time by bumping what was in fact a fairly minor technical parameter.
During most of the block size fight, nobody did anything much at all about the *actual* problem, which was that every transaction is on chain and kept for eternity. Late in the game, proposals like Lightning showed up to try to fix that.
At that point, it was very difficult to challenge any of those proposals, or even point out minor drawbacks, because having an *immediately available* way to deal with off-chain transactions was essential to second camp's article of faith that there was no cost or problem with limiting on-chain transaction volumes Right Now(TM).
Meanwhile, the first camp just blithely continues barreling toward the scaling wall without even trying to solve the problem at all, because doing anything about it would weaken *their* article of faith that infinite block chain growth somehow doesn't matter.
And that's where we are today.
If you want *my* opinion, *neither of them* has a sane answer to cryptocurrency scaling. I don't know if anybody does. Mimblewimble, maybe? I don't know enough about it. It's entirely possible there *is* no answer good enough to let any cryptocurrency become the primary money for much of the world economy.
@_date: 2018-03-30 17:06:04
An 18th century writer would be more likely to have begun a hypothetical with "should" than with "if". The most likely form would have probably been along the lines of "Should the people of the United States come to allow...". I could be wrong, though; I'm not an expert.
An 18th century writer would normally have said "the people of the United States", not "the American people". I'm not even sure "American" was used in that sense at all.
The word "inflation" was not used with respect to currency until the late 19th century. "Deflation" is later
 And an 18th century writer would probably have been writing from the viewpoint that the primary currency was coin, not notes, let alone fiat. Fractional reserve wasn't much of a thing, either. Therefore there'd be no assumption that the audience would have a clue what an "issuing power" would be, or that the audience would expect a bank to have any power to inflate the currency, whatever you called inflating the currency.
And, by the way, they would have said something like "power of issue" or "power of issuance" or something, because "issuing power" would have meant a power that was coming out of something, not a power to create something. I suspect that "power" would not even have been the basic word they'd have chosen, but I could be wrong about that.
The word "corporation" was not used in that way in the 18th century.
"Awaken" would have been used instead of "wake up", except that the whole concept of waking probably wouldn't have been used to begin with.
"Homeless" was not commonly used to allude to poverty in general until the 20th century.
Etc, etc, etc.
People who aren't illiterate pick up on things like that.
@_date: 2016-09-13 15:10:18
I will do or not to do business with PayPal for any reason I choose, including any distaste I may develop for their unwillingness to do business with others. If I prefer to use businesses that offer their services to all, I will do so. ESPECIALLY in a business like payments that has strong network effects.
I will also feel free to share my opinion of Paypal's actions with others, even in the unlikely event that that makes people at Paypal feel shame. I am not obliged to withhold judgement on Paypal or anybody else.
It's called the free market. Maybe you should try it sometime. Sounds like you're kind of attached to it.
HOWEVER, in the actual case at hand, it sounds like Paypal is probably actually not serving the area because doing so would be difficult under regulations that some of the people complaining might be in a position to try to fix. So there's a good chance that none of it is in fact Paypal's fault.
@_date: 2016-09-13 15:25:53
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? :-)
@_date: 2016-09-13 14:47:48
You assume that the machine can't run its own economy.
It may not need to trade with you for anything. Period.
Anyway that's not the article is about. But it doesn't matter because it's a stupid article.
@_date: 2018-03-30 03:08:32
Jeezus, that's not even plausible 19th century English, let alone 18th century. People who are going to fake quotes should learn the fucking language.
@_date: 2019-09-10 01:56:46
You misspelled "wasteful".
@_date: 2015-11-08 15:13:51
The reason credit card merchants get away with accepting unconfirmed transactions is that fraud carries a cost.
If you dispute every little credit card charges, or even enough smallish charges to be worth the effort, you are going to lose the card. If you habitually double spend Bitcoin, there is no penalty, or at least no penalty within the system itself. Therefore you can expect more people to do it, *especially* if nothing other than blockchain confirmations even tries to make it inconvenient.
So you can expect far more people to try double spending lots of Bitcoin transaction than to try disputing lots of credit card charges. That means merchants have more incentive to make people wait for Bitcoin than they do for credit cards.
On edit: I'm not saying that keeping the first seen transaction fixes this. Just that you can't ignore it because "it's not a problem for credit cards".
@_date: 2015-03-21 18:50:03
Actually, no.
What *should* have happened was that the network itself should have made it impossible for BTC-E to identify the coins in the first place. Because that's how the network needs to work if it's going to survive.
Once BTC-E was in a position to know that the coins were stolen, they were in a no-win situation. Reasonable people can disagree about what they should do, but there's certainly a long and honorable tradition of doing the sort of thing they did.
Transactions need to be anonymous by default, and irrevocable. Otherwise you're just recreating the existing systems, instead of offering an interesting alternative. The rules need to be clear and the technology needs to enforce them. Every single user needs to understand from the minute they start using the currency.
@_date: 2015-03-22 01:15:39
Yes, you could do that.
But if you did that, you would have to delay most transactions by days, so that you could review them to see if they were "suspicious". You would have to carry insurance against your liability for errors. You would have to work with counterparties who were willing and able to reverse many transactions... and if a transaction wasn't going to be reversible, you'd have to delay it even longer. You would have to demonstrate detailed due diligence processes to your insurers and your counterparties. You would have to do KYC on every single person you transacted with.
And you would have to do that not only if you were an exchange, but if you were just any institutional user of the currency. You would probably have to do some of it (like insuring title to any coins you held the keys for) even if you were an *individual* user.
People complain about delays and costs with traditional banks. The sort of thing you suggest is the *cause* of those delays and costs. If a cryptocurrency has the same delays as banks, the same costs as banks, the same red tape as banks, the same use restrictions as banks, and actively *worse* privacy than banks, then what's the point of using that cryptocurrency?
@_date: 2015-10-14 20:12:46
I first bought it to play with it. I mostly spend it. I'm holding some out of inertia, just like I'm "holding" the paper money in my wallet, even though that paper may not be the best speculative vehicle. It's not a productive use of my time to worry about getting the highest possible return on such a small amount of value.
To the extent that I use it, it's mostly with the goal of supporting the development of a less controllable medium of exchange, which I'm willing to do if it doesn't cost me anything significant.
It is *socially valuable* that somebody can, say, set up an anonymous marketplace or transfer money across borders easily and cheaply. On the other hand, it is not socially valuable that somebody get rich because they happened to buy some random asset at some random time, so why would I waste my time supporting that?
@_date: 2015-10-05 13:55:40
1. Success is not defined by the price going up. If anything, success would be permanent price stability.
2. Success is definitely not defined by you personally getting rich.
3. Success is not defined by anything that transfers value to people who have contributed nothing to the real economy.
4. No, I did not buy bitcoin because I wanted to get rich.
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:44:45
The fact that regulatory pressure will lead to tainting if the currency is NOT private.
Any non-private currency will lose fungibility, which will mean that every user, *regardless* of that user's need or lack of need for privacy, takes on the risk of losing money because they accidentally took an input from a tainted source. Which means that *every* user has to start worrying about the entire chain of provenance of *every* input. Which will introduce untenable costs and delays into the system, to the point where it will be slower and more expensive than the existing banking system. It will then be useless for cheap remittances or cheap anything else.
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:36:51
That only applies until tainting becomes the "majority position", at which point anybody who does NOT participate in the tainting system is "out of the economic loop".
At the moment, the major exchanges have enough power in the economic ecosystem that they could make that happen. And they are under regulatory pressure (or at least threatened regulatory pressure) to do so. And the same regulators have other pressure points to poke.
If anonymity isn't *wired into the technology*, those pressures will very likely destroy Bitcoin's fungibility, followed shortly by Bitcoin's utility.
@_date: 2015-10-15 14:28:49
Yes, in order to be useful as a medium of exchange, a currency has to be stable enough that you can hold onto it for a while without worrying about it evaporating. The store of value aspect is necessary at least to that degree.
But this whole thread started with the premise that the whole value of Bitcoin was in its actively appreciating, and appreciating *a lot*, so that people could get rich off of it. I didn't bring the phrase "get rich" into this. The whole discussion started with the idea of speculative returns being the only measure of success.
Too much appreciation is actually damaging to a medium of exchange, because it becomes a harder decision to actually spend it, which creates network effects that prevent it from being adopted. Obviously unpredictable volatility is even worse.


OK, I individually prefer to live in a world in which it is easy to set up anonymous marketplaces and transfer money across borders. It amuses me. Got a problem with that?
I also don't think that enough other *individuals* care about the price of Bitcoin *per se* to support a huge increase in value.


I'm not mad if anybody gets rich; I'm just not going to waste my own time and energy doing anything to make a currency appreciate so that other people get rich. Because I don't care about those people, and they've done nothing to make me care. On the other hand, I might spend my time and energy to sculpt a world I like.
And I *do* get mad about people drawing others into ponzioid approaches to wealth. Sorry, personal failing, I guess.


Ah. I see. I think you think I'm saying I'm too morally pure to hold Bitcoin even if I think it's going to appreciate.
That's not true. I would hold some if I thought it was going to appreciate a lot.
But, in fact, I don't think that it's going to appreciate more than a bunch of other assets I *do* hold instead. At least not in a predictable way that would allow me to come up with a strategy to exit at a better expected profit, especially not if I apply even a modest level of risk aversion (and risk aversion is *rational*, because utility is not necessarily linear in monetary value, and I'm already in a good utility region).
Appreciation without actual use as a medium of exchange depends *only* on speculative value, which means you have speculators trading with speculators. When it comes time to settle up for real, usable goods and services, none of those speculators actually have any. So incest among Bitcoin "gold bugs" can only drive the price up so far; you need new blood constantly. And it's impossible to predict when the new blood will stop flowing.
As for true medium-of-exchange value, created by facilitating the exchange of real goods and services, I haven't seen any sane way of figuring out what a given volume of use implies in terms of coin value. Furthermore, there are reasons to believe that Bitcoin will fail as a medium of exchange (which may or may not mean that cryptocurrencies fail generally). In particular, I worry about--
1. Lack of anonymity and resulting lack of fungibility.
2. Legal and regulatory pressures that might shut it down completely.
3. Because of (1) and (2), a possible loss of the unique cost and red tape that make Bitcoin meaningfully better than banks as a way of transferring money.
4. Lack of even slightly legitimate internal governance.
5. Various manipulations intended to extract value from holders.
6. Cost of exchange being driven up by bad technical decisions.
... etc...
