@_author: hjbuell
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:40:36
In summary, I've said that there is an ongoing flaw in a poorly manufactured financial vehicle (MtGox), and that other poorly manufactured financial vehicles are subject to this same problem (resulting in people losing their money).
You're saying that, because I have not yet identified any vehicle other than MtGox with this problem, that everyone should continue about their business without taking any additional precautions.
Says Paul Revere, "The British are coming! The British are coming!"
Says Palehorse, "Well, he only saw one, so I think we should just all relax. Until we actually see more, there is really no reason to get all alarmed, now is there?"
Seriously? If I were reporting for, say, a university classroom, or dealing with a legal brief, then I would have reported this story differently. As it sits now, people need to take note. You're completely ignoring what's happening with MtGox, essentially recommending that I go all purist and encourage people to ignore the obvious shortcomings of second rate exchanges.
If you choose to believe that MtGox is or has been the only exchange with this problem, that's your business, but selling it to anyone else is just bad advice. Worse, it's poor form to encourage others to take unnecessary risks with a developing technology by ignoring potential pitfalls or shortcomings that can cost them their investments. I fully support Bitcoin, and believe that part of that support is in making sure that others aren't duped by places like MtGox.
Forewarned is forearmed. In this case, I'd rather trust my clear common sense observation that if one of the largest and most trusted exchanges out there just took a dump on their customers, that there are most certainly other 'less professional / not observing proper security protocols' exchanges also flying by the seat of their pants.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:03:05
You were saying? 
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:23:08
And this: 
I don't see how I can explain it better. People need to make sure they are working with a trusted exchange, and using a proper wallet service.
@_date: 2014-02-11 10:53:00
I'm the author, and not implying anything. A quick review of my article fails to turn up any reference to 'many' other exchanges. I do, however, say that, "... there is an ongoing flaw with the way some of the less professional Bitcoin exchanges manage and handle their transactions," and "... MtGox and a number of other exchanges that aren’t observing proper security protocols have been flying by the seat of their pants." If you know about the issues with tx-id, then you know that ALL exchanges have to account for transaction malleability - meaning that they ALL have the same problem with the tx-id. Some do a better job of handling it, while the 'less professional' exchanges that 'aren't observing proper security protocols' have problems. Transaction malleability isn't the issue. The issue is how the exchanges account for it, and MtGox is the elephant in the room. You can look over Gavin Andreson's comments for further reading: 
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:10:53
As I said - ongoing flaw... less professional... etc...
@_date: 2014-02-11 10:05:57
Proper Bitcoin, data, or financial security protocols? They were all written and refined by groups of people, so there isn't one particular 'who' that can be identified. Unless of course you're asking about Satoshi Nakamoto, international man of mystery and assumed pseudonym. In other words, 'proper security protocols' are like 'proper crossing the road protocols' - in this day and age, they're common sense. MtGox only looked one way when crossing the road, and as a result, their customers got hit by a bus.