@_author: hjklvim
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:56:25
Only a professional investor deals in absolutes
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:48:11
A prophecy that misread could have been.
@_date: 2017-09-27 20:49:01
I think we can make a parallel with the Internet and old media. Old media used to control what we could see, then Internet disrupts it allowing information to flow freely and decentralized. Even though it is better than the past model, it brings whole new issues. We can now be manipulated by our bubble filters and fake news¹ from both sides. We're now seeing how fake news is being financed by the old groups we were trying to get rid of. Manipulation just changed means, but of course decentralized information flow still is a better thing than the past model we had—for us, at least.
^(¹I couldn't find a better term than "fake news". I do concede that it may be a trigger for some, but I'm trying to use it as an umbrella for politically financed social posts, memes, influencers, and internet media from both left and right agendas)
@_date: 2017-09-04 21:44:25
I think these are the problems parent is saying:
* Innovation is slower in larger blockchains. Smaller blockchains are able to implement things faster, which makes us question about how long is it going to take whenever BTC has to implement a new feature.
* Negative aspects of tribalism. This is tiring everyone, as we're spending energy and time with it. You can look any thread here and other subs, most will have the same arguing and discussions. Any post has to explain the user background before making any point. If someone questions something, you're either with us or with them. 
You don't think there's a problem with this behavior? Parent is not saying that it is everyone, but there's a large share of users who are like that. 
The tribalism point is the one that resonates the most with me. I hope you don't think I'm being adversarial in this comment. I just chimed in because I share the sentiment is describing, and I think there are others who also think like that.
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:25:09
Out of curiosity, where are you buying? cex.io seems to be taking a while to keep track of the value
@_date: 2017-09-27 20:00:35
I'm into Bitcoin and want it to succeed. Having said that, I couldn't agree more. I was trying to convey how hodl culture may damage Bitcoin, but I think you expressed it very well. Following up, I think there may be two possibilities for Bitcoin's adoption: 
(1) Commerce and stores don't want to miss out, so they start accepting it and it goes mainstream. That would solve one issue, because we'd have places to spend it. One may argue that there may be no incentives to accept Bitcoins for trades as there wouldn't be much demand. However, even if that's the case, it is virtually free to setup a wallet, so that doesn't seem to be a problem.
(2) Bitcoin is not seem as interesting to invest by corporations because of its user base, currently composed mainly of speculators and holders. I'm not sure this is fair, as I can't tell how large the share of holders and speculators really is, but that is the perception I get from visiting subs and /biz/. Another crypto with a better user base, better distribution system, or better something kicks in and steals Bitcoin place. 
I don't know if such possibilities are accurate--I don't even know if they are possibilities at all. I'm just trying to start a discussion. I think the best way for Bitcoin to succeed would be to use it. This would create more demand, several services and stores would be interested. Spreading the word and wanting more people to get in, 
trading using Bitcoins with users and non-users (I read recently someone in here that convinced his landlord to accept Bitcoin. IIRC, this person is also traveling through several countries and paying only with Bitcoin). Nonetheless, I'm positive that blockchain and the Bitcoin framework will succeed, regardless of which coin.