@_author: hkrdhgdhgdsh
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:55:21
I somehow missed this post amidst all the "omg debit!" circlejerking going on but someone pointed out to me that your idiotic rantings once again need to be demolished. So here I am, the wrecking ball.
First off, before I even get to any of your "points," I'm just going to point out that the whole "bitcoin debit card" is strictly hypothetical and will never happen. I'm sure (like most others in this circlejerk) you never read the part where Xapo backpedaled and said that they have no agreement with Mastercard and that they were merely hoping (in vain) that one day they will. Mastercard, upon being asked, stated that they have no plans to work with Xapo. This is the same exact thing that happened with Bitinstant's much-vaunted bitcoin debit card. It was vaporware then, it's vaporware now, and it will always be vaporware. Always.
Now for your dumb arguments:


Obviously flying cars and personal jetpacks solve a lot of problems. Wake me when those things are created.


The fuck? Other than a tiny vocal minority, bitcoiners don't spend their bitcoins; they sit on them. None of them wants to miss their ride to the moon.


??? What increase in utility? Regular cards work fine.


You're going to have to go into detail on this one if you want it to be seen as anything other than pointless pie-in-the-sky dreaming. How, specifically, will that lead to "an upward trend in value?" That's not magically going to happen.


Huh? They'd still have to use traditional credit/debit cards; bitcoiners are only an extremely tiny fraction of the population. They would have no reason to add a payment method that won't bring in much more income, especially since most bitcoiners would still pay by credit card if the option of paying bitcoins was taken away from them.


No, they won't.


I don't know why you people don't understand this; it seems like it should be common sense: no one other than you weirdos wants to "be their own bank." Just the idea of that is appalling to most people, myself included. At least if the bank fucks up then people get their money back.


Please elaborate. Don't say "identity theft." Show me some people who had their identities stolen after the Target hack. Better yet, show me people who were hurt by it. It might be a minor inconvenience to get a new card, but it's not nearly as bad as you people seem to think it is.


This is pure delusion. This will never happen. This is such a dumb thing to say that it blows my mind. Stop smoking that crack, John.


Yeah, this is going to be a whole lot of planning and not very much *doing,* given that such a card won't ever exist.
The rest of your post is, again, absurd delusion. You don't even seem to live on this planet; instead you're some kind of aristocrat from a magical realm where shit happens because you think it should and common sense and reality get thrown out the window.
If you can't tell who I am from the tone of this post, well...