@_author: hksupport
@_date: 2015-06-17 05:53:40
There's two ways you can do BIP 38 encryption.  One is just password protect a private key.  Basically, your password is hashed and that hash is used to encrypt the key.
The second method is the way you are wondering about, and it takes advantage of elliptic curve multiplication.  The long and the short of it is if you convert your password hash to a number, you can do some fancy math with it which enables the other party to deterministically create an encrypted private key that they don't know (and you can prove they *can't* know) the unencrypted version of.  So you would give the physical bitcoin creator an "Intermediate Code", which is something that can be generated from your password, and he would then use that code to create an encrypted key for you.  He would also give you a "confirmation code" with it which you could use to verify that the encrypted key was encrypted correctly.
@_date: 2015-08-02 18:58:10
There's a few things to understand in order to answer that.
The first is what a hash is.  The short version is that it's a function that returns a value of a specific length.  So whether the input is "Hi" or "Hello" or "This is an even longer piece of data", the hash function will return the same length of output, and that output will always be the same size, and the output will always be the same for a given input.  The other aspect of a hash function is that it is "one way".  It is very easy to put input into the hash function and get output, but it's basically impossible to get some hash output and determine from that what the input was.  The hash is considered broken and unusable if you are able to do that.  The only way to map hash outputs to inputs is to just churn through inputs and outputs and record them in a lookup table.  And hackers do that - they're called rainbow tables.  That's why websites often add "salt" to something before they hash it.  That "salt" is simply a small bit of extra arbitrary random data to add in, so that rainbow tables won't work.  For example, your poor password "password1" is in a rainbow table, but if the site adds random letters like "x$Q7fG" and takes the hash of "x$Q7fGpassword1", that's probably not already in a rainbow table.
The next thing to know is about public and private keys.  Whether it's elliptic curves or RSA, the general idea is the same.  You have a "private key" from which you can derive your public key.  People can encrypt things to your public key, and if they do so, then only your private key can decrypt them.  So you can publish your public key publicly, and people can then encrypt messages that can only be unlocked with your private key.  A second feature of private/public keys is digital signatures.  A signature is something that can only be created by your private key, but which your public key can be used to verify that the signature indeed must have been created with your private key.  So I can use my private key to "sign" a PDF document for example, and if you have my public key and the document and the signature text, you can verify that indeed I made that signature for that document, and I made it with my private key.  The signature proves I own the private key, even though it doesn't reveal the private key to you or anybody else.
The most common way to send bitcoins is to an address, which is a hash of a Bitcoin public key.  The reason we do it that way is so that if there is a vulnerability in elliptic curves, your money can still be safe, since the public key isn't even known until you spend the money, only the hash is known.  The public key is revealed only when you spend money, because it is necessary to prove that the digital signature came from your private key.  And the way Bitcoin verifies that the transaction is valid is it checks the signature with the public key (and the data being signed is not a PDF but the Bitcoin transaction itself), and the Bitcoin miners and users verify that the private key indeed did make that signature (and make it for this transaction), and then they also verify that the public key hash is the same hash as the output transaction.  If those two things are true - the signature is good and the hash matches - then the transaction is valid and the money can be spent.
The reason Bitcoin uses the hash in addition to the public key is security.  Let's say elliptic curves suffered a flaw that allowed somebody to derive a private key from a public key in 3 hours, but the hash functions were still unbroken.  Then your money would be safe the vast majority of the time, because you could spend it and get the transaction mined before somebody looking at that transaction (which shows your signature and your public key) would be able to use your public key to reverse engineer your private key.  And your public key wouldn't even be revealed until you spent the money, so as long as the hash function was still safe, you're mostly ok.
So it's a fail-safe backup.  In an emergency where the elliptic curves or the hash function get broken, users still have an emergency backup way of keeping their money temporarily safe while the Bitcoin software gets updated.  This is why a lot of people always say you should not re-use addresses, because if you've spent from an address previously, then its public key is already publicly known, and you lose that emergency backup protection.
So now that we've got all that explained, I can actually answer your question!  An address is the hash of the public key.  So when you have a private key, you can use that to derive the public key, which you can use to derive the address/hash.  That's why you only need the private key backed up, because everything else can be derived from that.
When you hear about compressed/uncompressed, that has to do with a feature of the Bitcoin elliptic curve math.  Basically, the public key is actually a point on a graph derived from the private key.  It's just an X and Y coordinate.  However, the Bitcoin curve has a neat property that any X coordinate can only ever have one of two Y coordinates, and the Y coordinates can be derived from the X coordinate.  (The Bitcoin curve is "Y\^2 = X\^3 + 7".  That simple.  So you can see how every positive X value can have a positive or negative Y value, because of the Y-squared part.)
So sometimes you'll see a public key written as "04" followed by the 64-character X value, followed by the 64-character Y value.  That's an uncompressed public key.  But you may also see just the X value with either an "02" in front or an "03" in front of it, indicating which of the two Y values is supposed to be used if you uncompressed it.  So a compressed or uncompressed *address* is just saying that the address is the hash of either a longer 04 public key or of the shorter 02/03 public key.  Remember, hashes output the same length, so the length of the address will be exactly the same, and in fact you won't know whether it's a compressed or uncompressed address until you see the spending transaction that shows the public key.
@_date: 2015-08-03 20:38:59
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:15:41
No, I would still not vote.  The particular politicians running does not change the efficacy or morality of the principles from which I derive my stance.
@_date: 2015-08-09 19:21:28
@_date: 2015-08-08 02:11:26
I would still very much like a reply to [this post](  Can you tell me the process of recreating the redeem script?
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:13:37
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:15:26
I am continually surprised how few people really grasp this.  Even when you show them things like that study by Harvard or Yale or whoever it was, where there was just zero correlation with the public's opinion and the actions of the USA congress.  I refuse to vote because I think the mere act of voting legitimizes the idea that voting is in any way useful.  And it's just not.  My country tries to force everybody to vote, but that's of course insane.  Not voting is a perfectly valid political statement.
Plus, the technology is finally at a level where it IS able to simply out-compete politics.  You can vote for your country to not read your e-mails, or you can use PGP.  Guess which one I think is more effective...  You can vote for your country to not block certain websites and firewall everything, or you can use a proxy.  Guess which one will be more effective...  You can hope US police don't seize your cash, or you can keep your money in a BIP38 key.  Guess which one...........
Voting simply is not a viable means of political change.  Technology is.
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:42:08
If you genuinely need this help, contact me and I will guide you through bypassing the difficulties you encouter that are specific to your geographic location.  There are always ways to get around these things.  You can setup foreign bank accounts, register a forgeign business, do any number of things.  You're a smart guy, be creative.
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:26:45
Multisig Tor drug market with multisig implemented correctly and with pre-signed time-locked refunds for both buyer and seller.  It's picking up traction slower than I'd like but that's ok.. inch by inch.
@_date: 2015-08-06 00:36:23
Can you describe the process for manually recovering one's money from a 2-of-3 account?  I see that when I signup I am given a 24 word BIP39 word list, and when I make a 2-of-3 account I get another BIP39 word list and a BIP32 xpub key.  Is there a PBKDF2 password for deriving the BIP32 seed from my word lists?  What path should I use for each BIP32 key to generate the public key for the redeem script?  I assumed it would be m/0/0 for all three to get the first address shown to me in the receive tab, but that is not the case.
How can I manually derive the 2-of-3 address shown to me?
@_date: 2015-08-01 00:53:14
Doing it right was the "Bitcoin" New Hampshire plate because the license plate holder had the state motto at the bottom, so the plate effectively read
Bitcoin: Live Free or Die
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:24:24
There's two ways you can do BIP 38 encryption. One is just password protect a private key. Basically, your password is hashed and that hash is used to encrypt the key.  And you would just send that encrypted key to the third party to print onto the paper wallet.
The second method takes advantage of elliptic curve multiplication. The long and the short of it is if you convert your password hash to a number, you can do some fancy math with it which enables the other party to deterministically create an encrypted private key that they don't know (and you can prove they can't know) the unencrypted version of. So you would give the physical bitcoin creator an "Intermediate Code", which is something that can be generated from your password, and he would then use that code to create an encrypted key for you. He would also give you a "confirmation code" with it which you could use to verify that the encrypted key was encrypted correctly.  You might use this method if you were hiring him to make say 10000 paper wallets for you in bulk or something.  You'd just give him the intermediate code, and he's generate the addresses.
@_date: 2015-08-03 05:18:34
Bitcoin only needs to be legal in one jurisdiction in the world.  Then guess where the major online exchanges will be registered.
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:28:29
Paypal et al. are reversible methods of payment.  Like credit cards.  You pay something and then call your bank or credit card company or Paypal and say "I was hacked, that's a fraudulent charge!" and then they undo the transaction.
Bitcoin is not reversible.
Trading irreversible money for reversible money is not a good idea.  One side ends up with both, and the other with nothing.
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:48:19
It takes time to verify the transactions in a block and see which transactions sitting in your mempool are in that block and discard them from your current block template.  It's not much time, but it IS more than a few seconds.  Additionally, clocks aren't always in sync, so the timestamp may say 9 seconds but it may have been zero or one seconds.  Finally, having a new block with no transactions doesn't harm anything or make any problem.  You're viewing it as somehow lost space that could have been filled with transactions, but that's not how it works.  There's no lost space.  The next block will have transactions, and is just as "close" to being mined as the other block was.  There's nothing being lost.
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:34:55
Physical obscurity is significantly more difficult than digital obscurity.  In the digital world there's "pools" of obscurity.  When you mix your Bitcoins you can send them to an exchange or tumbler that dumps them into a giant pool of other coins and you get new random coins from that pool out when you withdraw, so the link from the input to the output is severed.  When you want to mask your IP, you can send your traffic into a "pool" of Tor nodes and it comes out the other side and the exit node has no idea who in the pool is getting the data he's sending.
There's no good physical equivilant of that process.  There's no crowded area that is SO crowded that you can truly get "lost" in it and come out the other end safely.  Darknet market vending currently relies mostly on the fact that the post office just doesn't have the resources to scan and monitor every piece of mail.  Because that mail still has to be delivered somewhere.  And mailbox drops can have security cameras on them.
Physical obfuscations is just a lot more difficult.  Not impossible, but very very difficult.  And a drone that you don't want to just write off as a loss for every order is not something that is going to be easy to obscure.
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:43:19
There are companies that sell basically little raspberry pi units with Bitcoin full nodes setup and ready to go.  You could e-mail one and ask them to install XT on it and then you'd just have your node sitting by your router or something.  Make sure to get a bigger sd card!
@_date: 2015-07-17 23:00:45
If their javascript works the way the claim (and you verify it every time), and you have a good password, then yes, your money is completely secure no matter what happens to them.  If you download and save that recovery tool, you'll have all you need to get at your money.
Even without it, the process for getting your money can be done with other tools.  You have three bitcoin private keys, and if their JS is correct they only have a copy of one, and a BIP38 encrypted version of the second (encrypted with your vault password).  And you'd need 2-of-3 to get at your money, which means they cannot since they only have the encrypted version of the second key.  You on the other hand have the encrypted key, the password to decrypt it, and the third key, which means you have two-of-three keys, which means you can get at your money.
@_date: 2015-07-29 21:28:29
It just means the data that was hashed was nothing.  "Hello" is one set of data, and "" i.e. an empty string with no data, is another set.  The empty string can still be put through a hashing process, just as any other data can be.  The hash of the nothing string is 
    e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855
and if you use that as a private key, you arrive at the address OP mentioned.  A "brain wallet" is just any method of remembering how to recreate a private key.  However you want to do that is fine.  When you "restore" it, you can get at any amount of the money sent to it, just as you can with any other address.
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:24:24
Bitcoin is about consensus.  You vote by your actions.  If you are a merchant, you chose which side of chain you accept.  If you're a miner, you choose which side to mine on.  If you're a user with some disk space and bandwidth to spare, you can run a full node as your vote.  For my part, I'm bringing some old mining equipment out from the closet and I'll be solo or P2Pool mining on XT when the larger block update comes out.  I may only have one kajigger but I get to voice my say same as anybody, you young whatchacallit!
@_date: 2015-04-22 05:54:22
Yes.  It installs itself as a service that runs in the background.  That means even when you think it's off, it might be on.  And if you mis-configure your settings, potentially somebody could connect and get access to your computer.  I mean, if you really know your way around your computer and know how to isolate things and delete services, you could have it and still be OK, but the fact that you're asking about it means you're likely not at that level of expertise, so my advice would definitely be to get rid of it.
@_date: 2015-04-17 23:35:58
I believe blockchain.info still incorrectly marks all multisig spends as being non-standard.  Don't worry about it.
@_date: 2015-04-22 05:56:50
The words are run through a "key derivation" which basically hashes them a few thousand times, and the output is a 512 bit hex seed which is hashed again to create the master key and master chain code for a BIP 32 hierarchy.