@_author: hlabarka
@_date: 2014-05-28 09:07:09
I agree- I would like to see more information about how they intend to spend the money. But honestly, I am willing to give a little and see how it goes.
Yes, this is not the most efficient way to fund research, but it is very intriguing to me because it addresses some issues with the current trend in funding.
Specifically, in the U.S., they are afraid to fund failure. They would prefer to produce a result that numerically implies progress rather than taking on risk. Number of bases sequenced. Number of patients treated. Number of variations detected in cancer cells. Impact factor of published works.
The old way had too much risk. The new way doesnt have enough. Even today with global collaboration via Internet and near-universal access to information, it is important to invest in people. Give them the freedom to  be inspired, take risks, fuck up, do science.
@_date: 2014-05-11 01:47:54
I dont know how much better that is. The U.S. government has its fingers in a lot of pies. I suspect the Swedish government's pie is full of U.S. finger-holes. Maybe Iceland is better? Peer to Peer encryption, air-gapped private keys, maybe Tor helps? Someone should design a system that would require cooperation between parties in conflict...like a server located in Israel and one in Iran for example. Jimmy Carter just writes important messages on paper and has a courier deliver it. I like his style.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:27:18
thanks fixed it
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:14:23
Also I remember reading recently that U.S. is now expanding their jurisdiction to the rest of the world. For example, if you are a U.S. email service provider who stores email data in Sweden you cannot say "sorry, that data is in Sweden". Sweden is allowed to keep its own laws for now though.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:21:36
(re: "through a government") You cant break a law unless the law exists- regulating your behavior within the market; And then, yes, it is contrary to the idea of free market.
"vigilante lynching" is contrary to hildenborg's comment (that we are both replying to) that "Free market is not the same as a lawless market."
There is certainly such a thing as free market. Somalia comes closest to it.
A deal is struck between two men. If one man feels cheated, he hires a judge who hears the case and makes a judgement. If he wins, he hires a man with a gun to arrest the cheated. Its armchair libertarian and new jack anarcho-capitalist heaven.
 
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:42:35
In order to do this, first entity A (bank, exchange) must guarantee that entity B (some guy)'s money will be safe because A is only using it for some specified purpose.
The system would have to keep a registry of such guarantees. Then, when B claimed A was not holding up their part of the deal, the system would have to have a way to determine that A was actually responsible.
Next, the system would need a mechanism for deciding what kind of punishment was fitting. It would need the means to carry out said punishment.
And, there would need to be infrastructure all along the way to allow for appeals at each step to make sure its fair.
That doesnt sound like free market it sounds like the way every western government in the world was in the their respective early days.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:30:51
Bias is usually not expressed directly in content such as financial news- its more in the editing- the selection of stories and amount of space given to them.
As far as WSJ being the best- how do you feel about Financial Times?
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:31:01
Why in the world is anyone still reading the Wall Street Journal? You might as well just read USA Today. The only good thing that came out of Rupert Murdoch buying WSJ was that smart people quit and started interesting things like propublica.org
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:22:11
Certainly journalism has always been influenced by money, politics, etc. Some times more so than others. But there was a set of ethics among print journalists. There were rules and if you broke them, other journalists would know and treat you accordingly. There arent really any rules on the Internet other than "dont greatly anger the people who control the number and name assignment" (i.e. the U.S. government). Because print is in survival mode competing against the wild west, print itself has become the wild west.
@_date: 2014-09-29 20:46:20
No, there are a handful of countries whose NGP consists of a significant amount of money from people in U.S. or Europe sending money back home. Its big business and requires quite a bit of lobbying at all levels of government to remain in operation.
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:36:48
Yeah well Hillary Clinton claims she's going to wrangle in the banks: 
Which is hard to believe since the banks are her overlords:
@_date: 2014-05-27 23:31:07
I disagree with you. Of course there are mechanisms one can work through that  administrate the collection and analysis of grant proposals. Whitehead Institute likely has their very own department for just this purpose. 
But just because there is one way to do something does not mean that we cant try a new way. For one thing the risk is low for any particular individual. If I spend $20 and all I learn from the transaction is that Tim Peterson from Whitehead Institute cannot be trusted and that impulse crowd funding of science needs more consideration...well, that'd be worth it in my opinion.
On the other hand, if they do spend the money in a useful and transparent way, it really cuts out a lot of bureaucracy and wasted energy spent in the proposal development / reporting process.
Yes, this is not the way one should conduct business on a daily basis. But sometimes it is good to make a deal directly with another human being. You exchange promises, you shake hands, and then you learn something about each other. And, that is worth something.
@_date: 2016-02-18 02:50:35
You give Apple more credit than I do for long term strategy. It could be another ten years before we learn about how the feds are spying on us today.
On the other hand, Apple is made up of people. Tim Cook himself may sympathize with those being mistreated by the government as a member of a group whose civil rights have been marginalized for so long by the same institution. But this is wild speculation.
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:46:44
The important thing is that everyone can see the code. More independent individuals need to start reading and understanding it so that they can catch when ill-intended code is injected.
@_date: 2015-02-06 03:00:50
Let's not forget to say this. Propublica are legit journalists.