@_author: hmassive
@_date: 2018-09-08 10:42:37
Be skeptical about the quality of your knowledge, don't bet your future on your confidence. Plan to win, even if you're wrong.
@_date: 2018-09-23 15:54:16
Economy is fragile, complex and not well understood. Inflation is one of the better understood mechanism to regulate the economy, you could inflate currency or you could increase sales tax/VAT, with entirely similar effect. 
I know this forum is not receptive to the notion that inflation is useful tool, so I won't discuss it, just pointing out same tool is available in bitcoin world.
Now what I do disagree is the basic notion here that what happened, was ok, and we should debate how it should have been handled. To me that's wrong discussion to be had, what happened should not have happened.
Through complex ill-understood mechanisms lot of people who've never been to US, have never had loan suffered immeasurably, people who weren't even born yet are suffering from the crisis. 
It is in everyone's best interest that economy remains stable and that we strive to keep it stable.
Now perhaps some entirely different economic system is possible, but even if it's possible transition won't be smooth and won't be short, we have modest lifetime which is not sufficient to give us quality of life resembling today if we were to destroy economy and try something else. No matter what asset you'd be holding, it wouldn't matter, as there wouldn't be anything to buy. If we are ok with potential rewards of some new system being collected by different generation, that's fine. I'm greedy enough that I want upside in my lifetime. 
@_date: 2018-09-11 17:57:47
It seems lot people are more afraid being wrong than they are of afraid losing money. They have narrative to which they have absolutely faith in and they commit financially fully to that narrative, it's simply not in their decision tree that they may not be able to predict future. I don't understand this, I'm never confident about things that cannot be proven and I try to mitigate cost of being wrong. I don't mind being wrong, I love it, it means I'm still learning something new and not wasting my time.
@_date: 2018-09-27 20:47:25
If you are dictating 'let those who make the loans assume the risk', you are regulating, what you are saying, you're prohibiting them from selling the loan.
I would personally not like to be as drastic as you are, I would simply regulate that you must inform seller what you are selling. I consider 2008 a fraud, people thought they bought solid investment, when they bought trash. 
So it seems we both support regulation.
Another recent example, essentially from Trump administration actions fiduciary rule was removed. Previously during Obama administration if you went to your bank to seek advice how to invest your money, bank had legal responsibility to offer advice which is in your best interest, seem s like no brainer? Why would everyone have to be experts in every subject? That does not scale.
Anyhow no longer is the fiduciary rule in force, which means when you or your grandmother goes to a bank for investment advice, they'll get some active fund which is benchmarking SP500, where the actual annualised return may be under 4%, due to massive costs in many complex manners. Compared to them telling you to buy Vanguard, Spider or Blackrock and get 10%. 
This isn't just problem for the people who are not able develop sufficient understanding of economy and investing to choose right instrument. This is problem for whole economy, if everyone who chooses to invest, would make market return, this money would increase consumption, which would further feed the growth of the economy. So everyone is losing because banks are allowed to lie to their customers seeking for investment advice.
Of course rich and powerful are not impacted, because they can afford advice from someone who has their best interest in mind, they don't have to trust their bank to tell them most sensible way to invest.
@_date: 2018-09-08 12:42:16
I do hold BTC, fixed income and equity. Of course it's possible that everything goes to shitter tomorrow and it's zombie apocalypse, no amount of assets does anything, because there isn't anything to buy. Global economy is fragile, supply chains are complex, there is strong incentive to keep it running, because even minor disturbance can mean there isn't food to buy in the grocery store.
So excluding any super black swans, I should be ok.  Several countries have still not recovered in their GDP from 2008 subprime crisis, it was 40% drop in equity, decade later countries like Greece, Spain, Portugal and Cyprus are still affected. Equity investors with 3 year horizon had their portfolio up the next year. This was massive, massive problem and destroyed futures of lot of people, people who had never put a cent in equity.
Should crypto fail or succeed, everyone should root for continued economic stability, because if we destroy the current system, it will take more than our lifetime to implement high quality of life in another system, so no matter what you hold in that event, your life will be terrible compared to current standard.
So your plan should assume that west does not fall entirely in your lifetime. Do add some moonshots you can afford, but also know that even if you're wrong in all your moonshots, and things just continue as they are, you can still achieve economic independency if that is important goal to you.
@_date: 2018-09-23 18:18:33
The tail investors who bought the loans (in reality the MBS which they had no idea what they contained) didn't get compensated by government, they had to eat the losses, which meant transferring the losses to consumers entirely  unculpable in the whole mess.
It is not constructive to discuss who should have carried the cost, anyone who could have, would have ultimately transferred the costs to consumers
We should have made it impossible to happen in the first place. People with lot of money don't care, if you're ready to pay 3% premium, you can buy insurance and make money when market is going down.
No amount of currency change will fix this, regulation and enforcing it will. Rich will shaft the poor no matter how value is exchanged.
@_date: 2018-09-08 11:23:51
I'm saying, plan to win in any outcome. I'm saying plan to become financially independent even if you're wrong.
@_date: 2018-09-23 18:24:15
Yes, it is fair to argue FHAs are subprime. However the subprime were not FHA, they were not government backed. The instance who were left holding the MBS when the music stopped, ate the losses, they didn't get the money from the government. Of course they didn't really really eat any losses, just transfer to regular consumers. Everyone who matters made bank in 2008 and this will continue, no matter how the value is exchanged. If we don't regulate the system, of course the rich will get richer. I like my money more than I like your money, if I get to choose which of us loses, it will always be you. This choice needs to go away, and it's not problem in our instruments.
@_date: 2018-09-11 21:18:52
Fiat in bank is money you lend to bank and is at bank's balance sheet. In Europe it is guaranteed to 100k, but that will only cover non-wide-spread withdraw, like small country or small bank failing. Last time people lost everything excess of 100k in western world was 2008, several individuals lost millions.
If everyone tries to withdraw even the 100k does not work, as there is only about 2% of what you loaned to the bank. So in  total shitstorm, average bank customer would get 2% of 100k.
I am not saying all-in crypto, that would be extremely poor strategy, but people misunderstand risks involved in fiat in bank account.
Equity you actually own, it doesn't matter if your bank fails or your broker fails, the equity you own exists and it's not on their balance sheet, so debtors can't get it.
If you want to invest on fiat, invest on money markets, then the fiat exists and is yours.
@_date: 2018-09-23 15:36:44
Subprime loans were not FHAs.
@_date: 2018-09-23 18:37:52
Lot of the losses for example were covered by private insurance companies. So what did they do? Fire people, increase premiums. 
Everyone with LOT of money were exposed to MBS. But losses ultimately are paid by someone who has nothing to do with the whole problem.
Now some Haskell developer in Portugal is out of job, because his employer lost contracting gig to American insurance agency. His wife was just pregnant, and now the kid is born into poverty, before the kid is born the probability of success is massively diminished.
All because someone figured how to how to repackage trash and call it gold.
Figuring out who carries the cost, won't help the kid, that kid's life is fucked anyhow. And this affected millions of people and will continue to affect.
Regulation is only answer to this, when people do something irresponsible, we should not reward them, we should punish them and disincentivize them from doing it.
Now we're sending entirely different message, we are telling wall street, we want more of this, this was great! 
They will fuck us over with any symbol of value we choose  just the same, it doesn't matter, they're smarter than we are, and will not lose money, if we allow them to fuck us over. And lot of even poor Americans are rooting for their privilege to get fucked.
@_date: 2018-09-23 12:33:44
I'm not sure how bitcoin fixes the problem. If there were no fiat and bitcoin was used for all transactions, people would still need to finance their house purchase with loans. Someone would loan them bitcoins, as long as they pay more bitcoins back over time. 
All good thus far.
Now it should follow that creditor will not give loan to debtor when it's obvious that debtor will not be able to meet debt obligations, because creditor doesn't want to lose money.
Still, all good.
Now one instance figures out, how to sell poor loans, loans where debtor will not be able to pay creditor back, by sufficiently masking them so that buyer does not know they are buying poor loans, buyer thinks they are buying solid instruments with solid return and low risk. 
Now we have a problem
Creditor will seek any and all debtors they can find, because they know they can resell the loans immediately and not carry the obvious and ultimate risk of debtor defaulting.
You can change the asset to anything, and problem won't go away. The problem is, why was this dishonest instance allowed to sell these non-performing loans without informing that they are non-performing loans? This is fraud, this is me selling you a broken beetle claiming it's new lambo. 
What is the fix, if we cannot fix this buy changing the money/asset?
We need regulation, we need regulation which says you are not allowed to sell people broken beetle claiming it's lambo, there should be legal liability.
Not only did we not introduce appropriate regulation and add legal liability, we in fact have reduced both, and most of people are cheering 'yay, free market!'.
Is something similar happening right now? Yes, yes it is. You can always bank on greedy people wanting more than they can afford, repackage that turd and profit.
More specifically what went wrong here. Governments have laws and institutions have bylaws on what type of instruments they can invest on, say pension funds. There is entirely private company called standard and poor's who will evaluate assets and rank how risky they are. Big financial institutions like goldman sachs wanted extremely low risk instruments to sell, so that trading desk can call governments and institutions to buy the product, they can't sell them high risk instruments. So GS wanted SP to rate the shit-tier loans, that everyone knew will default as essentially 0 risk loans, SP did that, because why not? They want GS to be their customer and sell them services GS wants to buy. Now GS has this shit-tier papers they can pimp to anyone, and anyone is happy to buy them, because they are low risk.
GS didn't really do anything wrong, what was wrong was SP not figuring out what they were rating, they should not be legally allowed to rate shit they don't know what it contains (they didn't know, because GS didn't give them data about it).
So we should regulate how these instruments are rated, so that there is no incentive to misrate them. But we won't, because free-market yay.
@_date: 2018-09-08 10:49:49
Extremely low cost passively managed broad market ETF indeces. Statistics say funds managed by professionals much smarter than we underperform passive indeces. There are always people who win the market, but on average all active portfolios lose to indeces no matter how smart the person running it, overperforming on any relevant non-trivial time scale is just luck. Plan to win, even if you're not lucky.
@_date: 2018-10-03 11:14:39
As more people find bitcoin liquidity increases. The early adopters were consistently looking for very high upsides, with more liquidity there are investors who are very happy to see 10% in a month and will take that home. Massive price increase would require that people are not willing to sell, that they want to see higher upsides, the more liquidity there is the more improbable this is.
I suspect mining complexity and halvening are almost immaterial to price. Scarcity may not matter when the resource isn't disappearing, if resource would disappear at similar rate as it appears it becoming scarce would increase the cost, now it's just matter of increasing the overall pool size marginally what the cost of that long tail is, is mostly uninteresting to pools total value.
@_date: 2018-11-21 11:48:59
I did not mean to imply such, my apologies for the confusion. I tried to communicate the opposite. My implication is that every investor should have emotional detachment to the instrument and decide when going in, how much loss they are able to tolerate. Every investor will lose all the time, there is no magic method to choose only winning bets, so to limit downside on those losing bets investors need stop-loss, so that the losing instruments don't render aggregate of all the bets losing.
@_date: 2018-11-19 11:23:30
Copper is used, copper which enters the market leaves the market for production purposes. Now production cost is limited only by the cost of recovering the used copper from aftermarket, as long as it's cheaper to buy copper from producers than recyclers, people will buy from producers.
Recycling cost of bitcoin is 0. Every cent over my purchase price is profit to me. So buying bitcoin from recyclers is cheap.
@_date: 2018-11-19 14:13:33
I don't agree with your explanation about demand, I fear it may be more hopium/moonmath than a fact. And I suppose here is where the gamble lies, if or not demand exists or will increase. If it were possible to answer that in any manner of rigour, it would be already in the price.
All is well as long we are betting on the demand realising as much as we are comfortable losing. But we must be realists and  understand it may never realise, that price will continue to approach zero, and position ourselves in such way that both outcomes are tolerable.
@_date: 2018-11-26 14:50:08
I could use some extra money, who is paying and how much are they paying? I'd like to get in on this.
@_date: 2018-11-21 11:24:06
His rules are the norm. Every investors loses all the time, but investors with stop-loss live to invest another day, another instrument. 
@_date: 2018-11-19 14:04:49
And I think this matches 'increasingly small impact'. The smaller the remaining pool is, the more marginal is its impact on the existing pool. Unless existing pool decreases at relative pace too.
@_date: 2018-11-20 11:43:09
Market not being rational implies for example equity where book value is higher than market cap may continue to devaluate. Or any other example where factually asset it cheap but it continues to depreciate. 
You cannot state market is being (ir)rational in BTC context, there is no fundamental analysis that can prove it is over or under appreciated. 
@_date: 2018-11-15 22:51:20
Understood. I'm lot poorer in ways you are, and will see the effort of selling liquid assets I think are going down. Hopefully at one point in future I'll be financially independent like you. Cheers!
@_date: 2018-11-18 17:33:59
No amount of research will make it smart decision, but if you don't have lot of capital, the smart investment vehicles simply will not offer enough yield to justify investing at all. Consider it similarly as you would consider powerball, likely you will lose, but perhaps you'll buy yourself some hope and you may consider the hope worth the cost.
@_date: 2018-11-19 10:50:49
What kind of horizon are you looking into? Would same logic imply that sufficiently long horizon and bitcoin pool size approaches zero making it less practical tool than some current or future alternatives?
Is thesis reliant alone on the scarcity, shouldn't we also have reasonable theory on why there would be desire to own it, other than scarcity? Or is everything that is scarce intrinsically valuable?
@_date: 2018-11-21 10:34:13
Stop-loss is something every investor should have for every instrument they buy. Before buying decide at what point will you go out. It doesn't matter if you decide it to be 0, then so be it.
 did great. Decided stop-loss and had the resiliency to honour it, instead of the more attractive option, come up with narrative why it's actually great thing, why he in this specific instance should not honour it. This is why most investors lose big.
Lot of real investors who believed in their skill of being able to beat market have lost hundreds of millions or billions of their and their clients money, because they doubled down instead of honoured their stop-loss.
This is also why human investors not only lose to market but also lose to random, because random isn't biased towards keeping losing instruments. 
This is not outlier, \_on average\_ guys who are paid million annum to actively manage portfolio lose to random. Yet whole financial industry keeps on believing in actively managed portfolios, while all the data says it does not work.
@_date: 2018-11-15 22:29:17
Michael Burry dug into what is included in the various MBS trenches SP is rating triple A for GS. He couldn't believe what he saw, he had factual data that the instruments are shit-tier being sold as triple A. Only problem was, he wasn't big enough to have access to the market, he needed to jump through some serious hoops to be able to capitalise on his view, to be able to short the MBS.
Of course he got suspicious maybe he is wrong, why isn't anyone else seeing this. But he could articulate and point out the problem, he could show people with no income are expected to pay their mortgage without failure. Which is, now, obviously non-sensical.
What we, the bitcoin people have, is hope that we'll get rich, no data. The analog does not quite work. Hope to get rich isn't exactly scarce resource.
@_date: 2018-11-21 10:16:19
Anecdote is not plural of data. Quality of decision cannot be determined by outcome but by what information was available at the time of the decision.
We value strong leaders who take bad risks and succeed, because of outcome bias we view that they know something others do not know, while necessarily from set of bad risks some come out as winners.
Imagine billion people, each paired one against one and randomly chosen winners advance to next level. Someone will be on the very top, never losing single level. We look at this individual, confident they must be special and try to find which of their quality makes them such great success, even though we should look at the whole pool. This is called survivorship bias, the reasons we attribute to their success may have been their handicap, those qualities may have been disproportionally available in the losers, but if we only look at the winner, we are not able to discriminate on which qualities matter.
Most things are random with low chance of winning, but humans are good at believing they found signal in the random.
People who take bad risks, mostly will end up losing, but some who take bad risks end up on the very top.
@_date: 2018-11-18 17:41:37
Bloomberg makes money by selling PCs (bloomberg terminal, 25k/YRC). They do not make money off of the market, be it equity, fixed income, bonds or other.
@_date: 2018-11-19 09:48:42
What is the proposed mechanism that halvening implies price change?
If we consider the cost of extracting oil doubles, then yes, barrel price increases. This is because you can only buy oil from the producers, the previously extracted oil does not exist. If all the oil ever extracted would exist, production cost would have negligible impact to cost.
If we consider bitcoin, we are increasing massive pool ever so slightly, why should the entire pool appreciate?
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:08:09
I misunderstood, these statements that you make are phrased in a way that I understand you to believe them to be factual. Such as 'FIAT currency is on its last legs now', seems like statement of a fact. While this fact is not currently included in the money market, so it implies you have some knowledge market does not yet have, which is interesting but highly improbable.
If FIAT falls, it is very hard for me to see how the the transition could be smooth. I expect this generation will not be the one to enjoy crypto upside, no matter how large, as there won't be anything to buy in the stores, due to people not positioned for fall of FIAT will find themselves insolvent. Supply chains are complex, even minor problem has global consequences, fall of FIAT seems catastrophic which will take few centuries to recover from.
Now government issued crypto fiat, with trivial computational cost to mint and no finite limit, that seems attractive. Potentially we could have blacklist of stolen money, which would stop working and government would just issue you new money to replace the theft. 
@_date: 2018-11-15 22:35:13
You expected market to go down, and you didn't sell and buy after it went down? Y tho?
@_date: 2018-11-19 10:32:22
Supply continues to increase at near static rate, is demand increasing? Why demand increases as function of halving?
Consider market has billion units of arbitrarium for trading, earth has 10 units of arbitrarium left, why would extraction cost of remaining 10 units of arbitrarium significantly increase the average cost of the already extracted billion units? 
I don't think supply and demand is right economic theory to explain why halving would have price impact. That implicitly implies that bitcoin which enter market, disappear from market through some mechanism, and only bitcoin available in market for trading are the new bitcoins extracted. As the remaining pool shrinks the cost of production has increasingly smaller impact on the pool value.
&amp;