@_author: hmoebius
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:46:26
I don't recall appealing to any authority, and your fear of definitions only appears as a shallow obfuscatory attempt to evade the fact that you don't actually understand what you claim to believe. Fine define nothing if you want, then who cares what property is? Why even use the word if you don't know what it means.  I'm not asking you for a novel, but your bizarre and unrealistic acceptance of your own poor attempts to find property demand that you share what exactly you are talking about because I just can't see through the haze of seeming inebriation that it would require for you to invoke such incoherent arguments.  So I think coming to understand what you're trying to say requires at least a definition. Minimum.
Sure, sure, we could both sit here and masturbatorily discuss "property" as if it has never occured, nor been discussed before, and as if we could have original thoughts, but anyone could tell you how unlikely and likely counter productive a serious conversation is if you deny all past thought and act as if you are the first mind to ponder it. 
  By all means continue to not even read what I have written, and dismiss all the minds that came before you, and behave like you've found the solution to all of the ideological problems that you will ever face just by getting stoned and thinking "original" thoughts, but you'll have moved human thought nowhere and your solutions, if ever tested, will all fail because you refused to challenge your preconceptions against other minds that have actually put work in on the topic.
Oh good luck to you! If you can't even digest what I have written about rights, you're going to have a very difficult time with anyone that understands even a modicum about these topics.  Can I suggest that if you are unwilling to participate in a human dialogue with both living and dead philosophers, politicians and anthropologists that you also stop trying to play the smart guy on the internet. Because anyone who barges in and tells someone that they don't know what they are talking about, should be absolutely sure that they themself do, otherwise it's just sad.
If you want me to think about this, provide me something to think about, because you've seemlingly got nothing now and are trying to dodge any means to continue this discussion.  So until you have something I'm not going to just sit here and ponder why you can't defend your position, that's foolish, I think at this point the answer is clear.
@_date: 2014-04-11 13:09:55
Oh I see, then you must have a different definition of explaining than the rest of the english speaking world.  Because to anyone reading it's clear that you went on to repeat that without explaination and then brought forth even more addle-brained notions about your "original thoughts" and undefined language.    Seriously, why keep replying if you can't justify your claims?  It's foolish.   And your attempts at insults are boring and derivitive.  Clearly you're not actually a very "original" thinker.  Try some reading, and not just what you "orignally" masturbate about.
@_date: 2014-04-20 08:00:40
You really don't understand these terms.  Counter-revolutions occur in the context of a revolutionary period.  They attempt to return to what existed prior to the revolution, they are devolutionary, reactionary events that seek to destroy progress.    You don't have a "counter-revolution" against cemented institutions, you have a revolution, it is the institutions threatend by revolutions that are the ideal of counter-revolutions.
  There is no possible way for bitcoin to be a "counter-revolution" even if your timeline is eons, because bitcoin was never a foundational institution of power, so there can be no reaction to re-empower it.
@_date: 2014-04-13 15:09:31
Lol, it's like I am having this conversation with three different fools, none of whom read any part of the thread.  This is the whiney fool that plays the victim, as if it matters that you are insulted, and it somehow elevates your postition (tip: it doesn't).  Then there is attack fool, who actually started the insults, poorly thought-out though they have been.  And of course our favorite brain-damaged fool, that can't even really form coherent replys, but they are priceless for the entertainment they bring.
  You don't know what appeal to authority is, telling you that you should verse yourself in the work done on the topic before blindly blundering about is not an appeal, I made no claim that a position was correct specifically because someone else said it.  I'd tell you to read up on argumentative logic, but I'm sure that you have your own "originally thought" definition for it anyhow so it'll be of no use.
  By your example I wouldn't wish what you call "original thought" of someone I disliked.  So I guess you're back-handedly complimenting me?
  You linked to an obscure, and likely warrentedly unread book that has "only people already in agreement will agree with this" written all over it.  Honestly, if you had even given a chances to real briliant minds on the topic I might have considered investigating it but, clearly you are scared of what real philosophers and political thinkers have said so your link is almost certainly just as poorly informed.  Also laughable in a gas-huffing induced moment, you tell me that you wont read important thoughts on the topics because your so "original", and then you link me to tripe.  Can't stop the lols.
  You didn't explain anything, explaining has steps, I asked you to define property because you clearly have an amorphis use of the term which applies in any possible senario and can't be pinned down because you're above definitions.  It's a classical evasion tactic, doesn't work here though, no sir.  And again please read the thread because clearly you aren't capable of remembering everything that happened,  tl;dr I explained how your defenses were grade-school failures, you realized you were outmatched refused to continue and then started playing the victim, even though (yet another humourous brain-damaged moment) you were the one that barreled beligerently into the thread with claims of superiority.  This thread is like a gag-reel of your half-witted attempts to make me feel bad because your arguments are jokes.
 
  Just keep repeating "*I declare your argument invalid*" into the abyss that you consider your brain, it's like a prayer it's true if you can believe it.  It's ok riccardb logic, and arguments don't matter, what matters is that you are the "original thinker" extrodanaire, and you can use your little motto to make yourself feel better when you start to see yourself to be the incompetent dimwit that is evident to everyone else.  
  Now bring on some more "original thoughts".  They are simply delightful amusement.
  
  
@_date: 2014-04-07 07:49:25


Self-referencial?  "*Physician heal thyself*"
Anyhow, like I said, you don't know what I do so how could you criticize it?  The point is that you don't control other people's actions or interests, so while you may think that there is a bitcoin^tm image, there isn't, so there is no right or wrong, except in saying that there is.  
You can wag your finger at people all day long and it's not going to get you anywhere, I'm just trying to save you time and hopefully decrease the amount of noise in the world by helping you come to terms with that, but apparently you aren't ready yet so I'll just wait until you get tired enough or demoralized enough with trying to play bitcoin-boss to remind you.
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:54:26
Well he definitely tals about it being used for the black market that wont be able to be taken down.
  But no, the only reason I assume it is named intentionally to stir the pot because of the tone of those folks interviews about darkwallet, and now darkmarket, their affiliation with defense distributed and cody wilsons tone as it concerns the state and crime, and their politics.  It's clear that they are working on facilitating crime, that is their direction right now, it's political for them, why would they want to hide that under a sugar coated name.
@_date: 2014-04-26 20:41:29
  If you can't understand the explanation I gave, that's on you.   A 5 year old can understand the difference between needs and comforts. So you're either the densest person on reddit or you're unwilling to accept the explaination because you think that it gives you rhetorical advantage.  Either way your comprehension of situations and argument is terrible.  Go read a book.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:47:52


Not how it works I'm afraid.
@_date: 2014-03-27 05:18:59
falcon45 is pretty correct.  You could sit anywhere in the world trying to break the encryption, but it's not really worth your time because the probability unfathamobly low that you will get anywhere.
  You might as well sit at that anywhere place, and wait to win the lottery, without buying a ticket, because the probability is substantually higher, and likely (at least at currenty btc prices) more valuable.
@_date: 2014-04-29 00:19:21
He responded in the petition thread:


[Link 1](






[Link 2](
@_date: 2014-04-21 21:37:53
I'd like to say that I've never found apple products *intuitive*.  I think that they tend to look nicer than windows, and some linux variants, but they have always been too difficult to navigate for me.  Of course I haven't tried all of their products mostly just their desktop OSes and their mobile OS.
@_date: 2014-04-25 13:36:07
That's foolish.  First, there are market socialists.  Second though, it's not promotion of the freemarket it's recognition that we live in a market society and that the distribution of tools and ideas that are on the margins of the state aren't magically free from the society that we exist in.
  It's like asking how one can use the GPL and be anti-copyright.  It's a condition of the time we live in.  We all work, pay bills, contribute to capitalism, if we pay taxes we contribute to the state, does that mean we are promoting them?  That makes no sense.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:55:24
I don't think that a lot of these people are expecting bitcoin to change anything in and of itself.  However that it facilitates secrecy of monetary exchange is what many of these people see as valuable and that is a large segment of state control at the moment.  There is a reason why states are concerned with money laundering and it's not just taxes, but rather a large portion of the power in many states is control of currency exchanges.
  Breaking that wall can itself facilitate many changes and I think that is what most people working with bitcoin as activism are looking at.
@_date: 2014-04-25 13:54:18
There are any number of anti-capitalist market anarchisms.  I don't really know what the hell he thinks because he never specifies, but he's clearly got a purpose in being vague.  If you know of anywhere that he calls himself a capitalist please provide.  My guess is that he takes individualist influence mostly, the [European Individualism]( that is, which is largely influnced by mutualism in being an anti-capitalist market economy, and clearly has some illegalism influencing him.  However since he never says I can only guess.
Anyway, the developers are the people that I am talking about, their intentions are fairly obvious.
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:41:11
Well, I think that attractive is more objective than you are permitting.  There have been a lot of studies on this phenomenon aswell which have concluded that there is a formula for beauty, and that it is generalizable.  Our attraction to each other is largely a biological propulsion to find healthy compatable mates, which we use beauty to measure, much in the way that flowers use their color to attract bees.   So there is an equation for beauty in general, but of course people aren't only going to be attracted to the highest echelons of beauty.  People can be attractive and not be super-models, but that can also be quantified, since the disfigured and destitute person is not likely recieving the same interest as you are from prospective mates.
I agree with your definition of creepiness, the problem is that as you demonstrate it has less to do with what is being done and more with whether you want it to be done.  This is precisely the point where definitions start falling apart because if creepy is only "I don't want that" then people can become creepy for merely existing, and I have seen this be stated openly, people who are undesirable (disfigured, disabled, unkempt, etc) can be creepy for some people.  
  So, in the article the situation was universally creepy as you pointed out because the person did not want that behavior and I think that the creep should be shunned by society for that behavior even if people do like it.  However the point that I am trying to get to is less a debate about whether the article had creepy behavior and more that you seem to be dismissing the idea that attractive people have a leg up in social interactions, and I think that dismissal is unfair to people who objectively suffer because society treats them ill for their appearance.
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:35:15
Because there are different types of property.   Wouldn't you agree?  There are things that are necessities and things that are amenities (as in *"something that conduces to comfort, convenience, or enjoyment"* -MW).  Capitalism believes all things can be owned, but in anti-capitalist property systems usually things that are necessities, (food, shelter, land) are owned in some mutual fashion.  Where things that are luxuries can be personally owned.  This is how you have market socialisms.  Individualist, and mutualist anarchism tend to fall into this category.
@_date: 2014-01-27 03:24:18
  I don't know what "step 1 be attractive" means.  My only interest was to clarify that this indeed is a real issue, though broader and more complex than what people on this thread seem to be concerned with.  
  I have no idea why you would place an arbitrary limit on addressing issues, if you have any arguments against the points that I have brought up then I am interested in knowing what they might be.
@_date: 2014-04-02 18:04:14
Yeah, people muddle things when they are either ignorant or trying to decieve.  I'm giving this person the benefit of the doubt saying their an idiot, as I think malicious deception is worse.
@_date: 2014-01-27 03:29:51
Very well.  I don't want to say that I don't believe you, but understand from my perspective it appears unconvincing.
@_date: 2014-04-13 02:39:26
  There's only so many grains of salt in the world, and I have very few left for you.  The thread is right here, the evidence is unavoidable. You defined nothing, in fact you refused.  As well why should I read a book that you linked to when you out right refused to examine the greatest minds on the topic.  I am supposed to think that you have access to anything even remotely more valuable considering that you can't even articulate your own beliefs.  Sorry, you were never in this game so even losing is beyond you here.
   "Originally thinking" of yourself as right does not make a good argument.  Go back to the bong, it seems to be the only thing you're good at.
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:43:49
Thanks!  But you know I don't have time for a career with all the internet babysitting I have to do.  I don't blame you though, seeing you grow has been its own reward.
@_date: 2014-04-13 15:39:26
I'm not particularly upset, though if I were, it would be because your behavior as an impenetrably ignorant dogmatic, that flees into the realm of deflection and evasion and the first sight of an argument, is simply a reminder that we are not yet out of the dark ages.
@_date: 2014-04-20 07:36:29
This is the stupidest definition of "revolution/counter-revolution" ever.  By these standards all change is just a perpetual counter-revolution, because at some point there was a revolution, like say fire, language, barter, whatever you want.  Your definition is so loose that even those could be counter revolutions all the way back to the origin of life, the universe. 
 *- The big bang, the first and only revolution, everything afterward has been counter-revolutionary. -*
@_date: 2014-04-08 09:25:56
P.S.  If you truly feel strongly about the topic I encourage you to at least glance at the wikipedia page on property, the portion on [Property in Pilosophy]( give a pretty good idea of what is being discussed, and you'll notice that all the justifiers of property accept that the state or some powerful arbiter is the determinent.  Excepting Locke, whose theory of natural right unfortunately scales very very poorly.  Otherwise you have detractors, those who deny property or decry it. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:48:31
I agree, I think that he intended to use the word to dinstinguish his endeavors from those that sugar-coat their intentions.  It is clear that he takes some influence from illegalism, and is encouraging that through is words and projects.
@_date: 2014-04-19 19:51:46
Lol... alright buddy.   I'm sure that you are free from concern to the NSA, being such a good example of head-in-the-sand ignorance.  
*"unexamined life is not worth living"* - **Socrates**
@_date: 2014-04-14 06:44:40
Sorry you can't erase the record.  Maybe you should read it some time, it's entertaining if you aren't you.  Anyhow your proclamations of loss are meaningless.  You can't deliver on a simple explaination and definition, seems like you've forfeit.
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:01:04
It was intentionally named to cause crime-fearing folk be afraid. They made it to be used *for* the black market. Don't like it?  Make your own.
  It's really funny that a bunch of capitalist marketeers want to use a tool created by anti-capitalist anarchists, but feel like they should have a voice in what it is called.  Please, go pay some developers to build you one and call it **ayn rands tit** or whatever you like. 
 Stop trying to drown the intention of developers for your own marketing ploys.
@_date: 2014-01-26 15:25:07
  Yes, we do not live in a one dimensional world.  Nonetheless a primary aspect of human attraction is visual, and while one might be beautiful and unattractive, they would need something as extreme as the flower which you mention to dull their visual appeal.
   Well, the "how" of one doing something is still modified for most people by "who" is doing it. (Worth noting that "how" at its best is merely a description of a "what", and simultaniously attractive, beautiful, etc are also descriptions, and can therefore be a "how" and can thus even in speech modify a "what")  Meanwhile, it may be true for you that who is doing something, and how attractive they are, is unimportant, but you are making a claim without justification, and with plenty contrary evidence, if you are saying that it is untrue of people in general.
  I for one have never said that attractive people can't be creepy, but where it appears we disagreeing is that you seem to be arguing that attractive people aren't excused or even taken positively for things that unattractive people would be considered creepy for doing.   If you aren't disagreeing on that point then, we aren't disagreeing at all, for as much as we seem to be disagreeing.
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:15:07
Tyrant?  Ha. Give me a break, you're evading.  Not even shy about it either.  You stopped conversing once I asked you to explain how hunger=property.
  Interesting?  Wow you have some serious delusions. Unfortunately you haven't done anything *interesting* because you didn't know anything about the topic when you waded in.  If you had we'd be discussing property, not your feebleminded notions of "original" thought without defining what we are even talking about.  I spent quite a bit of time walking you around where ever you wanted to lead, assuming we'd finally get to the point where we start discussing the actual ideas but then when you realized you didn't know anything about this topic you decided to hide behind either a bong or a labotomy and talk about conversations without definitions and "original thoughts".    
  Have fun "originally" thinking your way through life.  I'm sure that when you finally figure out how to invent language and arithmetic you'll feel really good about yourself.  Hopefully you never "originally" figure out computers and the internet or you might end up "originally" thinking yourself into a toilet when you try to discuss the undefined concept of property with someone.
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:15:28
That person sounds like an idiot that has never met a socialist.  They make a very unconvincing strawman of a socialist, I assume the only people ever impressed by such a quote have likewise never encountered a socialist.
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:54:51
No no, you misunderstand.  It's not that drugs *shouldn't be illegal*, though I do agree with that.  It's that I don't care what measures people take against snitches.  If your betrayal is going to cost people their lives, you should expect those people to want to mete that out to you as well, and they may be in the right to do so.
States call it treason, criminals call it snitching.   I'm sure you make a false distinction to justify the former. Just pirates &amp; emprerors though...
@_date: 2014-04-02 07:36:58
Lots of politicians and economists are idiots, this guy is not much different it appears.  Especially if he's debating proudhon who absolutely never conflated government systems with society, either he's purposefully creating strawmen, or he's not paying attention.  Either way, seems like another one of histories nobodys whose quotes are just nonsense, sorry that you make more of him than that.
@_date: 2014-04-21 07:11:32


I absolutely agree with this.  And if that was his sole intent then, I would stand with you to say he is wrong.  It isn't my understanding though.


  You may be right, but it's tough to know what options could have been available.  Perhaps we'll find out.
@_date: 2014-03-03 06:56:14
If you want transparency that option is available, trying to to discredit what seems like the only alternative to that, for no other reason than another exchange (that does have all those things) just shutdown, is FUD.
@_date: 2014-03-03 06:54:31
Ok.  But I said "hold" BTC, and coinbase does allow you to do that without KYC, same to blockchain.
@_date: 2014-04-21 07:08:39
Whether you find it bareable or not isn't really a very fair measure for what others ought to be able to endure.  Also, unless you have served many years in prison, it would be tough to know how you would respond, still we do know that most people suffer in prison.  As such knowingly subjecting many to agony for harming no one is either consequentially evil, or deontologically evil.  I don't see killing that person as wrong no matter which ethical side you land on.  Unless you believe that killing is always wrong.
Well, I'm not sure who would serve anytime, but neither are we sure of much at all, however we can assume the consequences from previous events and in doing so we would be correct to assume that it would mean many people spending a lot of time in prison.  Transporting large quantities of drugs internationally is a major crime which tends to have lots of other crimes coupled into it.
  Yes, people may have known the potential consequences before joining.  By that logic though the snitch also knew the potential consequences and must have accepted them, and since the snitch was the only one with intent to harm others it seems that they land on the bad side of this argument still.
 Maybe DPR could have told those that were being threatend, maybe he should have, maybe he was also threatened,  maybe he didn't even know who all was threatened.  So maybe that would have been the better answer, still, it is difficult for me to blame someone for stepping into stop someone for trying to harm many others.  If I had more information maybe I would agree that he could have done it *less* wrong, but I don't so I'm left assuming that he made one of the best choices out of a bunch of very bad options.
@_date: 2014-04-07 14:59:23
Wait what?  If people want to lose money, why would they risk it in bitcoin?  Why not just invest in something that is most likely to fail (is blockbuster still around?).   How does that help bitcoin anyway, if bitcoins value continues to fall against the dollar eventually it will be worthless, so what it seems that you are saying is that if people throwaway their money on a failed venture they can claim it on their taxes and somehow that's a loophole?  You must just not notice clouds at all, just silver linings as far as you can see eh?
@_date: 2014-04-22 09:02:31
Yeah, minus the battery-life :(  But it is pretty sad so see someone's list of mac features just being its unix features.
@_date: 2014-04-08 02:29:13
Property is in no way a universal ideal, neither is the concept of "rights" (though that is a bit of a deeper plunge into philosophy).  Many political and philisophical beliefs don't recogonize property as a concept let alone a right to it.  Philisopically speaking there has been nothing but shallow pseudo-philisophical attempts to maintain the concept while inevitably conceding that property is at its root a matter of who has the strongest force to keep others from a thing.  Philisophically, property comes down to *might makes right*, a proposition which almost every serious philosophy denies.
@_date: 2014-04-12 04:33:17
Well, I'm sure that you do, as it has been said that ignorance is bliss.  At least you are consistant in your quest to remain ignorant.
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:36:35
Ok, that's true.  CoinJoin is not necessarily a tool for crime.   Point taken.
  I'd like to expand though on another possibility that CJ may not be a tool for money laundering, only if we veiw money laundering exclusively as a relationship with the state.    If the methods are a form of money laundering then CJ most certainly is money laundering.  
  It appears to me that the methods of concealing transaction origin and destination fit with how the state sometimes uses the term.  However I am not a lawyer, perhaps you have a more precise definition?
@_date: 2014-04-20 20:10:41
Wow.  All pronouns, no clarification. He, him, his?  Which one is whom?  
Anyway your answer is foolish.  As I recall one person was blackmailing the site to dump personal info, and the other person was working with police before the threats, and likely would never have known about the threat in the first place to report it.
@_date: 2014-04-25 11:21:22
I think so sometimes too.  All I'm trying to say is that I don't think that "Free Market" strikes the chord that they are aiming at.  It doesn't engage the criminal classes in any way that I see, and it doesn't evoke the sense of secrecy and illicit behavior that seems to be the intended effect.
  When I read "Free Market" it appears to be targeting a certain demographic of middle class capitalists that don't seem to be the part of society that these people want to appeal to.    Why then is it better for an anti-capitalist to appeal to capitalists rather than the classless or marginal elements of society who are classically (à la bakunin) considered to be a potential revolutionary agent?
@_date: 2014-04-22 17:38:15
I don't follow it that closely but I still see people complaining about power-management.   I get about 2.5 hrs on a t430 with fedora if I'm not doing much more than surfing.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:51:18
I haven't watched the video, but commenting exlusively on the quote in the image.   I think that it is important to recognize that while many people have issues with the current monetary system, it's probably that just as many do not have any, that they recognize anyhow.  That however is where crypto-currencies can be beneficial, mail worked great for people before the telephone, landlines before cell phone, etc.  
Just because people don't think about how something could be different doesn't mean that five years from now, that thing wont be completely inadequate. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:48:36
Finally some gratitude for the lessons I've given you.  Late but appreciated.  You are welcome.
@_date: 2014-04-29 07:26:01
I see.  Well, I disagree with that position, but I understand you from a certain point of view.   What he appears to me to be doing is promoting his politics through the name and the utility of the software.
  I think that the gazzilion people come off as telling him to shut up about his politics and promote theirs with his labor.
@_date: 2014-04-07 00:24:10
Ok, so nobody else cares what your vision for the currency is.  You sort of have to make it what you want it.  This idea that there is a "community" in bitcoin is nonsense, there is no "dollar community" or "euro community" there are people that use the currency, that is it, some want to use it according to the "law" and others want to use it for "crime".  You can say it isn't the "right" way to do it, but nobody is going to listen because what you want out of this currency isn't based on a consensus it is based on what you want to see out of it.
  Maybe some people **want** it to be for vandalism, hell some people want to use it for murder-for-hire so tell me where is this "community" you speak of?
@_date: 2014-04-20 20:46:05
I'm glad to see that you have two types of terrible english.  Diversity you know, two bad things are better than one amirite?
I don't even know what you're talking about here and it seems neither do you.  People threatened to snitch out all of silkroad, and he should have reported it to the police?  You end up being less credible when you explain yourself.
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:28:29
Oh dear, I have to delve deeply in order for you to understand.  My point is that property is not definitive of capitalism, as there are pro-property anti-capitalisms.  Your argument, is based on non-sense theoretically, and since you can't provide any evidence that cody wilson even believes in your concept of "absolute property", which you claim he does, you are composing bullshit and calling it an argument.  Get the point? Yes you are done. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 12:44:18
Again, please read the philosophy and stop half-reading what I am writting, because you simply aren't understanding the arguments.
  I'm not saying that property is forced on you, I'm saying that whatever property exists, must by necessity be forced without legitimacy away from others.  There is no philisophical argument that justifies this, there is only a base acceptance such as from this point hence, etc, etc.  
  You can preach about how everyone sees it as self-evident, but even looking at the simple issues reveal that to be a lie.  Though, I am sure that you love to put yourself on that pulpit and speak for everyone, of course you speak for only you, and it is fairly clear here that you're just swinging wildly at something, flailing in an attempt to preserve presumptions that you're unable to examine critically.  I have no doubt that you'll continue this behaviour, but again, I'm asking you to do the research before you start making a fool out of yourself.
@_date: 2014-04-21 02:51:24
Less harm.  Taking necessary measures to protect others.  Is it ever ok to kill?  That's a good question.  If you answer, *"yes, to protect self/others"*, then the same conditions apply to snitches.   It's not really a dilemma, as much as it is a question of whether killing is permissable in the protection of others.
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:14:30
I think that this is being maybe framed poorly.   The reality is that it isn't an issue of sexual attraction or of how women feel.  It is a universal issue which pervades society even in non-sexual relationships and exchanges.  It is a real social issue which has begun to be stydied by psychology which has demonstrated that attractive people get better pay, get better grades, have more leeway in social exchanges, etc.
  The problem arrising is that you don't seem to be addressing what "creepiness" is.  Of course attractive people can be creepy.  But creepy is subjective, so when you say that you have dismissed attractive people for being creepy too, the question is do you have an equal bar for what creepiness is?  And you may, but studies show that society is not as fair-minded as you may be.
   
@_date: 2014-04-07 00:50:40
@_date: 2014-01-27 04:04:50
Fair enough.  Have fun.
@_date: 2014-04-13 16:18:19
Oh no don't call me a loser, well how "original".  You're attempts to goad me into anger aren't going to work.  The thread here speaks for itself, I have nothing to prove that I haven't already, that you are a fool that call people that you disagree with idiots and then whines about being insulted once your failure is clear.  
  Call me more names, unfortunately it isn't going to help your argument any, nor change the record, it's just going to amuse me.
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:04:58


If that is the part you are refereing to, then he is using it precisely correct.  What he is saying is that they **appear** to have been libertarian/libertarian-leaning, rather than making a factual claim about their beliefs.
@_date: 2014-04-30 11:24:11
I think all laywers are idiots.  However it is my experience that lawyers, good and bad, do exactly this type of thing.
  It's the throw everything agains the wall and see if anything sticks approach.  The logic is, or so I've been told, if it takes very little time to file the motion and it might be accepted, or cost the other side time/money, why not do it.   Same reason every defense trial starts with a baseless (or nearly so) motion to dismiss, because who knows, maybe you win the lottery that day and the judges dismisses the case.
@_date: 2014-04-14 09:39:49
Actually I believe that anarcho-communists prescribe total expropriation and redistribution.  Therefore, there would be no rich to tax.
@_date: 2014-04-07 00:19:25
Well you don't know what my thing is but if your thing is criticizing other people on reddit then you have your work cut out for you I'm sure.  Of course using terms like "right" and "wrong" are only going to make more work for you since you aren't really employing them effectivily, but if that's you're goal, then good job.
@_date: 2014-04-29 04:05:51
Not sure what you mean by that.
@_date: 2014-04-27 13:29:40
I'm not familiar with BitWasp, but if it is market software then yes.  DarkMarket as I understand it is not just decentralized, but also encrypted by default (in a user-friendly manner).  It is not finish yet though.
@_date: 2014-04-11 14:52:22
Oh please.  It's bad enough that you are lashing out because you can't admit that you have no argument but please don't try to rewrite the thread here.  I mean, it's right here, and recent, you can't expect me to have forgotten after such little time that every attempt you gave to defend your fairly beligerent positioning was soundly undone.  You really have to be inept to think that you can confuse me about what has happend, I'm sure that is how you like to behave when you are being brow-beat in conversation, but it's a complete failure of a tactic in a recorded medium.  
So if you want to wallow in your incompetence great we can both have a laugh.  Sure, I both defeated your argument and belitted you some because you came into the fray posturing like a fool does, and now you're playing the part nicely.  Poor self-aggrandising "original thinker" riccardb, told everyone that they didn't know what they were talking about and couldn't handle it when they showed him a fool.  Don't expect any symapthy for your deflated ego here though, you set the pace, I just set the destination.  And hey, while it is clear that you are enjoying pushing things into the shit, maybe you should look out of the toilet to see that, I'm quite out of reach and about ready to flush.
@_date: 2014-04-27 12:42:02
People wrote the software, they aren't going to launch it most likely.  It's open source though so any number of markets can use it.
@_date: 2014-04-13 15:56:56
  Oh my, haha, I'm not going to waste time reading your tripe when you clearly wont participate in an argument.  You do the reading, you don't even know what the word that you are trying to make claims about means.  When you feel capable of defending your position let me know and we can continue from your definition of property, and how hunger=property.
  Until then I'll enjoy reminding you of what a fool you are, and how completely unconvincing your terrible attempts to salvage your beliefs are.
  So I await your next ridiculous demand that I stop reminding you of how wrong you are.
@_date: 2014-04-08 15:04:15
  When I say that I do not want to discuss rights it is because the term I think, applies only to allowances from power.  One may be restricted from a thing, and that may or may not imply rights.  You are correct, that property as a negative relationship may well imply rights in that sense though because it would necessarily imply force, which translates to power.  However I do not want to discuss rights in the ambiguous sense because it is easy to mistake a "right" to something as something that is *right* in the ethical sense.  
  It is simple enough to discuss ethical *right* as distinct from "rights" as an allowance from power, and in the senario of revolt usually the former is, at least rhetorically, at odds with the later.
  A single person can have any number of reasons though to protect a thing that doesn't imply ownership at least to me.   If I care for something it can be because I respect it, find it sacred, enjoy it, need it.  All of those things could take place without ownership, though they may often take place today inside of ownership, still they happen often outside of it as well. 
 There have been actually many discourses about the emergence of ownership as being so prevalent in our minds over time, where for example many languages have simply lost, or newer languages never had, the dative case (use case) and have simply started using the genetive case (possessive case) instead.  This along with many other examples is a demonstration of how it ownership isn't something that has always been assumed.  It's quite an interesting topic but certainly one that is better had in the realm of anthropology.
   
 
@_date: 2014-04-22 03:27:22
I guess that I don't know what the average person is as a demographic.   The average web-surfer?  Maybe.  My mother?  Probably not.  My grandmother?  Certainly not.   I'd like to see some test data, but I can't really add anything other than my own experience.
@_date: 2014-04-08 12:12:52
Well it certainly isn't self-evident, the question remains as to whether it is evident at all outside of force.  
The existence of property, if we are talking about current usage of the term, is a creation of force, and is fairly new actually and still isn't even amongst many pre-civilized tribes of humans.  So, though I reject the use of the term "natural", as it literaly makes no distinctions, property certainly isn't a certainty for humans, and for many it is undesireable. 
 You can waffle about and say that you have "rights" to whatever, please study the logic and stop huffing about something it seems you've invested little time in understanding.  Please read the philosphy, anthropology and politics before trying to challenge it, you sound arrogant and uneducated.
@_date: 2014-04-06 09:50:21
I think as soon as you put a sticker on it it becomes yours.
@_date: 2014-03-03 03:18:08
This seems like fud.  Everyone knows that anonymity brings risk from states, and since the known identities of individuals hasn't previously prevented scams there is really no reason behind this post except to spread fear.
But if a state wants to kill anonymous trading then really every exchange/service that allows you an account that can hold bitcoin that doesn't require KYC/AML is in jeopardy.  So blockchain.info, coinbase, etc.  All of them really.
BTC-E is probably more reliable than many of the other exchanges out there, and that says something about the reliability of the AML/KYC exchanges.  
@_date: 2014-04-25 21:20:08
That's not an argument.  You're drawing conclusions that he doesn't make himself.  He says he wants people to reclaim their means of production, that's closest to individualism, but you're going to try to pidgeon hole him I'm sure.  That you think he's is a capitalist without him ever saying so means he's certainly succeeded in his PR with you.
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:29:49
Ah good.  I was laughing while I wrote them, so I guess that's one thing we can agree on.  Assuming we can come to an agreeable definition of laughter.
@_date: 2014-04-21 00:50:32
You must be a bit dense.  I don't advocate killing people, ever, if it can be avoided. However I already said I don't care what measures people take to deal with snitches.  You can call it less credible but you're being dishonest unless you think that harshly dealing with people that provide information to groups seeking to harm many people is always wrong.   Otherwise what you are saying is it's only ok for those groups that you agree with, like governments, etc.  If you want to maintain a double-standard I don't care, but it just makes you look like you don't understand your own opinions. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:29:51
Well, that's not my interpretation but it's mostly preferencial I suppose.  However since I don't, and I assume he doesn't, know the beliefs of those people, *ostensibly* seems more appropriate, and certainly not an incorrect usage.
@_date: 2014-04-14 13:18:34
How you love to create your own personal history, that doesn't even resemble this thread at all. The truth is that there is simply a point where a conversation can tread no further.  For example, when you say hunger=property and refuse to define property, despite having a clearly different definition than the world at large, that conversation cannot continue.
  Ha, you call it "appealing to authority" when I tell you that you don't understand the topic and that you might do well to read people who are smarter than you.  I call it unappealing to the fool, but clearly you define things in your own "original" way.
  Well bow deeply on your way out, you've done a stellar job playing your part.
@_date: 2014-03-11 04:58:52
For privacy I like IVPN, it's off-shore near malta, focuses on privacy of customers, has double-hop vpns which I've not seen anywhere else,  heavy encryption, accepts bitcoin, and has a lot of exits including US.   For my money noone beats them.
check it out:
 
@_date: 2014-04-14 07:24:53
Some people are working on this technology because they are anti-government and I would expect them to express that.  If you want to be pro-privacy as distinct from anti-government no one is going to give you any grief, but I think that telling people to hide their politics is wrong.
@_date: 2014-04-22 03:31:58
Certainly true.  Though I've used a lot of OSes, I have primarily used *nixs for the past decade, but OSX was particularly unintuitive to me, don't know why.
@_date: 2014-04-21 05:16:07
So then suppose that you are gay, you live in iran, and throw secret queer parties.  Or a practicing member of a witches coven in nigeria.  You find out that one of the frequent attendees has been cataloguing the names and addresses of other attendees and intends to turn you all in for your crimes.
  You should a) let yourself be revealed for your criminal activities, or b) try to stop the person from putting you and your associates in danger?
  What we are talking about is life and death situations.   You're making false distinctions.
@_date: 2014-04-07 15:12:14
Also mercury is in retrograde.  When asked about bitcoin prices rising the eight ball said *very doubtful*.  The ouija board agreed with the eight ball.  And last night I was dealt a four of a kind of death cards and one hanged man in my weekly tarot-poker game.   Also the troll box said to sell.
@_date: 2014-04-09 03:28:03
Maybe you should clarify then, because you still haven't provided any parameters to define property.  It's well and good if you want to call hunger a type of property, but expect it not convincing without justification.
  As I see our discussion you gave examples to which I have provided evidence that they do not function, you have not provided any further information so I am left to believe that you are bowing out.  Perhaps you see it differently but from reading the conversation you seem to have hit a dead end here.
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:53:28
   You mean your "original thoughts" and undefined lexicon that are completely unable to yeild a defense of your beliefs?  Yeah, better is clearly another one of your undefinable words.
@_date: 2014-04-25 07:11:09
Seconded.   Merketing is the most important thing.  I don't want people to read in the news about my drug dealer, or black market having some shady name.  That's why I did my part and told one of the dealers in my neighborhood that they need to change their name to mother teresa.  No one will think any bad thoughts about them if they use the name mother teresa, there's no way that you can spin that.
@_date: 2014-04-14 09:24:24
I see.  Well I agree people can get annoying when they continuously repeat something, and I think it is worth letting them know that they are becoming annoying.  I misunderstood.
 However since free software is a type of activism you will always have anarchist and communist activists that build free software as their means of broadcasting their message, and while it might get annoying, I think without that, there would be a lot less free software.  Things like darkwallet for example is only being built because those people are anarchist/anarchist-leaning and without those politics they wouldn't be building darkwallet.  So it's a chicken-egg problem I guess.  The more something becomes marketable to the masses, the more normal and uninteresting it tends to become.
@_date: 2014-04-21 06:55:29
I would argue that there is no "*right*" answer, there is only a choice of less wrong.  In this case DPR made the wrong choice by trusting people, or having poor security, but in the end he still had to make a choice of whether to prevent someone from snitching on hundreds or thousands of people, or let them.  I think preventing them is the right choice, but I don't know if there were any realistic options other than killing them.
  If you simply wont accept it, well that's your choice, but I consider it one of the most important things in life, to understand your choices and reason them correct.  In this case I think that you are incorrect to suggest permitting the snitch to endanger all of those people, but whether you are right or not I hope that you will someday revisit the problem and try to find the ethical answer.
@_date: 2014-04-25 09:24:32
If the developers are anarchists, that want to make trouble, and are interested in politicizing criminality, then wouldn't darkmarket and darkwallet actually be perfect names?
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:07:13
It's fairly clear that you don't understand the arguments because you are making claims that make no sense from one who does.  And it's not *my* argument, it's simply the philisophical and political position on the topic, some support, denounce but no one is foolish enough to completely ignore history as you are if they "understand" the argument.
  Property, didn't just emerge with the first humans, humans began as nomadic with likely nothing they held dear except each other, later someone decided to deny the nomadic humans what they previously had free right to, thus property.  It doesn't matter how you look at it, the initiation of property was force, will always be force, you can try to justify the force, or say that you think that might does indeed make right, but you can't deny that the force was used, because it's still in use today.  There is no legitimate claim to property except under a state allowance, if you want to play feebleminded american and talk about your property that you'll defend, it becomes a useless conversation, because you wont defend it if the state comes to use your property, and no one will grant you legitimacy in your claims against the state because the state is the biggest muscle around, and the biggest muscle will always be the only true owner of property.  
 I don't care if you like property, or agree with might making right, but you can't separate them like a fool.
@_date: 2014-04-30 16:21:28
Boohoohoo...  If you don't care, then don't join the conversation.
@_date: 2014-04-14 12:48:50
This is why non-aggression principal is double-speak.  Defaulting on a mortgage isn't aggression, therefore the person should not be subject to force, and yet ancaps always seem to justify using force against people that are broke.   Doesn't seem much different than today honestly.
@_date: 2014-04-19 14:54:40
I think that it important that it be stated that these tools are purposefully to enable criminal behavior, and that is why he says "money laundering" explicitly.   
 The dodging about trying to avoid saying anything that might cause bitcoin to be criminaly connected, is a fairly silly dance.  Bitcoin creates an area where states do not govern exchanges of value.  Many people do not care to use it for illicit purposes, but if it is going to in any way innovate beoynd paypal, illicit exchanges have to be embraced, acknowledged and protected.
@_date: 2014-04-21 06:47:25
  I'm only asking you for answers because you told me that I was wrong in mine. 
 So then perhaps you would consider trying to change their minds, but when a wrong choice means the lives of many others are indangered most people would not play that game so lightly.
  In this case I don't think spending decades or lifetimes in cages is a mere *inconvenience*.   What is being talked about is many people spending many years, or their whole life, in concrete cells.  People kill themselves to avoid that fate, I'm sure that you can appreciate that it is not just *inconvenient*.
@_date: 2014-04-22 08:55:31
Well it's been over a decade since I've had to use windows for anything other than software testing so I don't know how that goes.  There were a lot of things that I hated about windows and so I left rather than going to XP, I've haven't even had to boot windows 8 yet.  I never thought it was particularly intuitive, but it was more straight-forward for me than OSX.   Honestly I think that there are so many desktops that reducing my choices to windows or osx is just unimaginable.
@_date: 2014-04-21 07:18:06
You may be right.  Perhaps even dpr is a terrible person, however the snitch in my opinion remains the villian in this story.
@_date: 2014-04-25 13:02:04
Cody Wilson is an anti-capitalist market anarchist.  Listen to his interviews, he doesn't try to pin himself to anything, I think purposefully because he's so PR driven and doesn't want to alienate anyone, but he calls himself closest to a left market anarchist.  Plus, he's pretty much PR, unsystem is amir taaki's group and they are anti-capitalist probably anti-market.
@_date: 2014-04-06 07:47:23
There is no "right" way, if you don't like vandalism do something else.  Why does it matter to you anyhow?
  Personally I think that haggling with regulators and petitioning governments is not the "right" way, but I don't do it because I can do what I think is the "right" way for the direction that I want bitcoin to take.  Do your thing, let others do theirs.
@_date: 2014-04-30 13:16:42
I don't care what you think.
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:39:02
   If you believe that property is as old as the first human then we are either in different universes or talking about something entirely different.  Since the first humans were nomadic and had a generally communitarian/communistic or at most usufruct sense of property, any initial claim of property would by your definition be usurpation, because everyone would then be by force, denied access to that which they previously believed theirs.
  
  If you accept that then we agree, though somehow you are skipping to a point where you believe that you can justify whatever property you have without admitting that it 1) is not yours but the states, 2) was acquired and is kept by force (if not yours by the force implicit in whichever currency you used to aqcuire it)
  So where I am lost is how those two seeming contradictions exist.
  A final point on community, it doesn't particulary have meaning, because anyone can claim to be a community, and if they use force or rely on the historical force of more powerful groups to aqcuire or maintain the property that they claim, they don't really have much legitimacy in the claim.
  
@_date: 2014-04-21 06:27:20
Fair enough, I am always in favor of an answer that doesn't require killing or harming, but what is the answer?   You say to *"move around them"*, but how?  
@_date: 2014-04-27 12:40:13
There hasn't been any discussion.   There has certainly been some self-entitled bitcoiners that have been complaining about the name, but that's not really a discussion.
   I'll still be glad to hear the minds behind it, but considering that amir has pretty much weighed in and noone cared, I have doubts that the arrogance here will be tempered.
@_date: 2014-03-27 05:14:01
Hmmm... ok.  The thing is that assuming the math is correct in the encryption, understanding computers (which I do by the way, thank you), doesn't matter.  You have to defeat the math, which if properly done isn't feasible. 
So while anything is stealable, something behind well implemented encryption is the least stealable, and computers don't factor into it.
@_date: 2014-04-08 14:12:41
Ok, well let us leave "rights"  out the conversation if we can as I do not believe that "rights" are anything more than allowances from those in power. So while it is an interesting direction to discuss in general, it is not seemingly at the crux of the topic at hand. 
  The problem is that if only one person ever existed they wouldn't think of restricting others from a thing.  So, property is actually a relationship and not merely an idea.  It is a form of negative relationship in that it is a denial to others.  That relationship can't really exist without others in the first place, and never would have.   It maybe that you are speaking more toward lockean "natural rights" (two of the most useless words imho) but even still, while one might have usage of a thing it isn't the same as ownership, at least it is not the same as the ownership that is commonly used in practice.  
  Since we do not have testimony from the first human we have only the anthropological records that strongly indicate that they had nothing of the sort that is deemed property today.  By that measure we should if we are being honest assume that property did not exist.  Unless you are talking about property as Locke sees it, in which case it sort of exists but I would argue that even if lockes "natural rights" are ethically correct they have never, and will never be heeded, so no one that actually has property today has it by "natural right", or at least the bulk of every individuals property is property from theft by might.
@_date: 2014-04-08 08:42:28
Thanks, but what I said is true.
To answer your query, "we" (by which I will be gracious and take you to mean **some** humans) seek equitable interactions, that it manifests some times with a medium of property is to be expected as the society at large upholds a notion of property.  One could easily as why "we" wanted to burn witches or stone homosexuals to death two-centuries ago.  Socially constructed norms are not indicative of anything other than that a society follows them.
  The issue here is not that property *requires* might to maintain, but that there is no point of origin for property that makes sense philisophically.  There is no equitable exchange of property because it exists in all circumstances merely as a lease from one powerful party to  that partys subjects.   The origin of property is the origin of the state (at least in as much as the state represents a governance by force).  As the state emerged to claim right to all things and people beneath it, it was able to apportion bits to it subjects and oversee trade.  So without such an origin you have no property, and therefore all property rests on the presumption that at some point forceful appropriation of objects was legitimate.  Without that presumption, no exchange of property can be legitimate.  Hence, all property reduces to *might makes right*.
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:03:50
I don't think it is very respectful to disregard the desires of the developers for your own political ends.   The developers have their own, and very different political goals than you and you want them to rename their project to protect your political interests.  It's not respectful it's arrogant.
@_date: 2014-04-08 20:57:54
But that's what has been done mostly, we've reduced the world to a single human and it appears that property is non-existant, I'd be willing to see what two people looks like but as soon as property emerges it will be with the use of force. 
I don't know what you mean by rights, but I just want to establish that the term is not clear, and that not everyone subscribes to the concept.  Aswell if rights are being conflated with ethical permissibility it becomes an ambiguous and vague discussion.
  Hunger, from what I follow in the thread has no connection to property, as I said unless you are claiming *use* to be property.  Is that your definition of property?  Use of a thing.  Because I think that is a very obscure definition of property, and essentially destroys the concept.   
  I hope that you have taken something away from this conversation at least and can examine the necessity of might in the creation of property when you attempt to establish your future justifications.
@_date: 2014-04-25 10:51:12
They are anarchists, meaning anti-capitalists, their interest is in weakening the state and capital and promoting the ideas and concepts that challenge them.  The only overlap that they appear to be trying to appeal to here is the lumpen classes, not the capitalists, along with a sort of fuck you to the apparatus that took down silkroad.  Not sure I see how "Free Market" would do that better.
@_date: 2014-04-14 12:33:30
Simplicity is relative.  I get the feeling that argumentative logic is not so simple for you.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:51:06
BTC-e gets so much hate around here, I hope that people will start giving it the credit it deserves.  It's really been a solid quiet player for years.
  Assuming that bitstamp is not goxing, I think that people need to start recognizing that this sort of behavior in cooperation with AML/KYC regulators could really hurt the value (not specifically monetary) of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:05:52
What I meant by power, I should have been more clear, is that power which exists when a person or persons have power over another person or persons.  Such that I believe rights are part of a master/servant relationship where master determines what rights are afforded to whom.  This is not to be confused with ability, or being *right* ethically.
  I believe that in some senses you are using the term "rights" as a synonym for ethically permissable for example when you say that **"*rights are beliefs that are extensions of our most basic instincts*"**.  Perhaps I am mis-reading it but I want to be clear that I don't apply the term rights here.  Specifically because while something might be right or wrong it doesn't afford one anything accept being right or wrong.  "Rights" on the other hand seems to pressume that something is afforded by default, which is always a mirage, and the reasons aren't really important.  My preference would be however to distinguish those things as what is ethically permissible, what one is capable of, and what they are permitted by an authority (even if that authority is merely a parent).  The later category is what I see as a "right", the other two are not "rights".
  As to hunger I do not think that this is ownership unless all use is ownership, in which case we are speaking of different things when we say "property" or "ownership".  Even many property-justifier philosophers believe that hunger trumps property universally so I wonder if you would lay down some defining points of what you are speaking of when you say property and ownership.  To me property/ownership implies universal claim and control, which is to be distinguished from use.  For example someone else might own the food that I eat as the terms are used commonly, so I am not certain that we are having the same discussion.
@_date: 2014-04-21 06:05:41
Slaves? I don't recall that, though it doesn't matter.  The point is as I am sure that you see, law and criminallity is ethically meaningless.  It is an arbitrary description of something that someone with power or wealth didn't like.   Indeed both of those descriptions are of people willingly breaking the law, there are many queer people that choose to hide because they fear the law, there are many heretics that choose to hide because they fear the law.  I can come up with more examples both current and historical, but the point is that there is no ethical weight in law or criminality.  If you want to make ethical claims you'll need to do so without appealing to law or criminality.
  So what is the answer, does one permit someone to snitch and indanger many people or seek to prevent the snitch?
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:01:21
Lol.  If it doesn't make sense go read a book about it.  You want a terse explaination? I gave it to you. You don't like it.  Too. Fucking. Bad.
@_date: 2014-04-10 17:10:31
Haha... Ok, but seriously that's how I felt when I read this.  




  It's like you went from actively participating in a conversation to getting bored and trying to play a characature of a stoned-out fool.  So am I exaggerating?  Probably.  But tell me how I'm suppose to read that though?  Seriouslu.  Because that's two sentences of absolute nothing.  I mean, you don't even define "rights" you just use another instance of a previously requested-to-be-avoided, totally-ambiguous word to make an unintelligible distinction.  Property and hunger linked? Wait. Huh what?  I had just said that they weren't and then you told me to think about it?  Lol.
 So yeah, maybe I was exaggerating, but I am honestly dumbfounded by that turn and I took my best shots at what it might have been with some color added.  So now, tell me *what the fuck* happend to your part of the conversation there?
  I'm always game to have a real conversation, but I am not game for wasting a lot of time on work that has already been done.  So like, yeah let's talk but if you're going to make proclamations of property that don't sit with my definition of it, I can't continue to have a conversation with that unless I understand our differences of terms.  Because we're having two entirely different conversations then, and we're both wasting time.
@_date: 2014-04-19 14:44:44
Yeah, all change requires a systemic breakdown.  The thing is that while he wants to breakdown systems that people cling to, and fear losing, he is not advocating total cahos, he is simply advocating a defusion of power, which is precisely what the internet, bitcoin, 3d-printing will bring/are bringing.  
This is really the unfortunate reality of anarchism post-spanish-civil-war, is that it has receeded so much into intellectual pursuits and academia that most people do not understand it at first glance enough to not fear it greatly.  The narative of the necessary state and capital overlords is a myth, as nietszche called it "the new idol", because it is religiously defended, and the lies and deceptions are taken without question and with reverence.
@_date: 2015-01-24 01:11:40
Did anyone else laugh along to the transcript?




@_date: 2014-03-04 06:44:02
If someone facilitates a change of hands when dealing with currency they facilitate trade, directly or indirectly, and could be targeted for money laundering, just for allowing money transfers (even millions of dollars worth) without KYC.  
Think about it.  You honestly believe that states would be more concerned about btc-e than anonymous money transfers with no limit?  That is the very reason for AML.  So, the point is, btc-e may be indanger but everything about bitcoin is anyway.
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:47:55
Exaggerating what?
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:29:34
So essentially there is no clear proposal to reduce the military budget.  His focus is on reducing or eliminating programs that feed people, but not programs that kill people.  Doesn't sound like the type of LESS government that is desirable.
@_date: 2015-07-05 02:03:15
[You're 58 times more likely to be killed by police than by terrorists]( in the US. 
Look Daesh is not a modern military no matter how you look at it.  It's a mob of untrained and poorly trained people that aren't potential threats to similarly trained and equipped militaries.   The issue that we are having here isn't who is responsible for daesh it's that you are claiming their existence justifies our absurd military budget.  It doesn't.  The reality is that long before they could become a threat to the US they'd have to face real militaries like china, russia or europe.
  It is singular delusion to claim that daesh in any sense is a justification for our military budget, when the real problem is people don't have food, shelter, medicine and education.   If rand paul believes that continued spending on the military is more necessary than care for the needs of people then he has completely lost the plot and should not be in a position to make any such decision.
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:21:19
So how much is he proposing to trim from the military budget?
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:15:17
Anyone that is focused on eliminating social programs rather than the clearly negative aspects of government, military, police, spying apparatuses, is not interested in LESS government.   The worst part of the government is coercion through violence.  Rand Paul obviously isn't against that aspect of the government so he's not in favor of LESS government in any meaningful sense.
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:59:29
No person with any understanding of the situation believes Daesh to be a military threat to any modern military let alone one across the globe.  How many aircraft carriers does daesh have?  How strong is their airforce?  This isn't even a rational discussion.   You've become a parody of the US military apparatus and even they don't think that Daesh is any kind of military threat.
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:09:42
Daesh is not a threat to the US in any military sense and if it were we'd already be at war.  If you think that the army that we have is needed to ward off some tribal revolt on the other side of the globe then you've gone beyond the point of being able to reason clearly and are just defending a rhetorician with bad policies and an indifference for the lives of humans. 
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:52:32
When was the last time that our gigantic military was needed for defense?  At this point defense is a hypothetical scenario and primarily a justification for increasing hegemony through global intimidation.   However people needing food, healing and education are a daily reality. 
@_date: 2019-01-16 02:02:07
I find this to be a singularly perplexing perspective.  I mean yeah if you're storing large sums you need to be safer than to have a piece of paper that is just laying around your room.  But really there is no good suggestion at all for the question "how do I store a small nations gdp in my house?".  HW wallets, computers, pieces of metal with secret codes etched into them can all be stolen, destroyed what have you.  And even if someone can't break your password what is your backup that can't be destroyed or looted or seized?
I feel like advising people not to use paper wallets, and especially the advice to use an air-gapped machine 10AU from any internet connection on an os that you built from scratch, or whatever the current parameters are, is just so out of touch with practicality that it makes bitcoin basically usable.
I think that rather than telling people not to use paper wallets it seems like people should stress that paper wallets are only as safe as their generation and storage methods, and that people should consider their risks based on the value of the bitcoin being stored. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 19:35:58


That's very inaccurate.  Violence works as a long as there isn't a strong enough counter-violence.  That is why tyrants exist, not because they are perceived as legitimate but because there isn't a threat to challenge their violence.  
Non-violence is based on the presumption that the institution one is challenging cares enough about opinions of masses and/or hasn't the ability to disguise the atrocities.  It's a dangerous and deluded proposition.
@_date: 2015-04-28 05:45:10
[Non-violence](  
@_date: 2015-04-28 19:52:55
That doesn't seem true unless you are claiming that governments are at a peak level of violence today.  It seems as if the stream of history is that revolutions have changed the forms of governments from total autocratic power to more democratic power.  Many violent revolutions have brought us this far, it is likely that any further progress will be brought about by more violent revolutions.