@_author: hobbers
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:34:53
Serious question here. Given these rises and falls, is anyone on r/bitcoin actually using it for purchases? Or is everyone now just trying to catch the rises?
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:46:00


  
I hope that when you say "saving" you mean "saving and investing". If people merely sock away money in a mattress, the world is doomed. Modern civilization is all built around getting the collected and stored resources of society into the hands of effective users. And is largely responsible for the birth of a vast majority of modern companies that develop and advance the world. Imagine if Google went to do an IPO, but no one had any money to invest because it was all stored in their mattress while the currency deflated -15% per year. Google then raises no capital, can't pay engineers to build new codes and tools that they think people will want to use and pay for. You then don't have Google page rank and indexing, no GMail, no Google maps, etc. You might say "oh, well someone else would come in and do it". Well, where does that other entity get the capital to do the same?  
  
Yes, people still need to buy basic food and clothes. But the advancement of society is not built around people merely buying basic food and clothes. If a currency is deflating at 20% per year, you can be damn sure that people will cancel potential flat screen TV purchases. In the same way that when currency is inflating 20% per year, people are trying very hard to get into and out of cash as fast as possible.  
  
The reality is that a nominal 0% change in value +/- 2% maybe +/- 3% a year is practically the same thing to everyone. It's not like an inflationary currency at a historical +0.01% going to a deflationary -0.01% will magically cause economies around the world to shift in an instant overnight. However, any sustained deflation greater than maybe 10% is a doomsday scenario for an economy. In the same way that any inflation greater than maybe 10% is also very bad for an economy. At 2% inflation, very few people think "oh crap, I've gotta get this money out of my hands because it's going to be worthless next month / year". And so I would speculate that at 2% deflation, very few people would think "oh crap, I better hang on to this money forever because it's going to be worth so much more next month / year".  
  
Deflation is not so simple as "oh, it'll encourage people to save". Anyone that boils it down to that is incredibly naive, and playing with a very dangerous idea.  
  
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:49:50
But that means you are still advertising prices in USD, correct? Because no one will have any idea how much 0.00XX BTC is actually worth, if you advertise prices in BTC. And then with Bitpay, or otherwise, do you immediately convert back into USD? Because I'll assume your suppliers aren't interested in taking BTC currently. And you gotta pay the bills at some point.
@_date: 2013-11-08 05:48:25
Is it impossible to imagine a future where many different cryptocurrencies exist in the world, serving different purposes? Doesn't there already exist a LTC/BTC exchange rate? Given the earlier explanation of the basic math in the writeup, I assumed he understood the mining process. And so I assumed he was suggesting that a large banking entity could establish their own cryptocurrency if they determined a need / market existed for it.
@_date: 2013-11-08 04:11:14
It's a measure of effort. Imagine gold production. Gold is priced at $1500 an ounce. And the most efficient gold mining operation costs $1600 of effort (productivity - consumables in the process, depreciation to capital assets, etc) to mine an ounce of gold. Will anyone mine gold? No. Because once you've mined it, you've spent $1600. And all you have is an ounce of gold that represents all of your effort. And someone is only willing to pay you $1500 for that effort. Say it costs $1499 to mine an ounce of gold. Someone might start up a super lean operation to mine gold. Say it costs $500 to mine an ounce of gold. Everyone and their brother will be rushing to mine.
People think of computing as free. You've paid for your laptop 2 years ago. You need a laptop for other reasons anyways. Who cares if the next hour of your computing time is spent cruising Youube, or crunching some numbers for someone. It all appears to cost you nothing. You're at a cafe, the electricity is free, etc. That's fine for you and your one computer. But the reality is that it's not free. You're using computing cycles that could have been used for something else, or not used at all. And when you're talking about the millions of computers around the world. And all of the electricity they consume to crunch numbers, it's no longer a negligible number. Now you're talking real effort. So a bitcoin is really just a store of that effort. It represents computing power that has been spent, can not be recovered, and can not be created out of nothing. In order for that computing power to have been spent on bitcoin mining, it must not have been spent on serving Google page views, encoding Vimeo videos, etc. The best way to understand that computing has a cost is to look at how much it costs to rent out a server. Either in the physical world around you, or even online at cloud computing services. Computing is not effortless.
@_date: 2013-11-08 03:15:45
Except that from a pure utilitarian view of the economy, bitcoin indeed has no intrinsic value. But not in the way that you're thinking. In a way that is similar to how gold bars have no intrinsic value. People like to claim that gold isn't a fiat currency. That gold has intrinsic value. Yet very few people hold gold in their lives for anything other than a measure of worth. People will wear a very small amount of gold as jewelery. People will use a very small amount of gold to plate conductors. People will use a very small amount of gold to build dental crowns. But the vast majority of gold in the world is simply collected and held onto, with no other use than to hang on to it.  
  
But that may be fine. Because currency isn't required to have intrinsic value. All that is required for a currency to be a successful measure of wealth is rarity. Such that the supply of it, which is used to measure actual value in the real world, can not be artificially manipulated. Or, only very slightly manipulated, and with a great deal of effort. Hence why holographic paper money exists that is difficult to duplicate. Why it takes thousands of dollars of equipment to mine very small amounts of gold. Or why an algorithm exists such that it is increasingly difficult to generate a bitcoin.  
  
In fact, it may be desirable for currency to have very little intrinsic value, even next to 0 intrinsic value. Instead only having a measure of value. So that any exchange of goods or services only needs to account for the value of the goods or services, and not the value of the currency.
@_date: 2013-11-15 03:03:56
So I wonder how this is fairing for both the sellers and the buyers, given the massive volatility of BTC. I assume they use some exchange's current bid/ask values. But if not, perhaps a seller-picked arbitrary exchange rate? Probably one where you get reamed and end up paying €3.00 via BTC for something that you could have paid €2.50. Even if they are using an exchange rate, whose exchange rate? Different exchanges have different rates. They obviously can't list prices in BTC, unless it's a digital menu linked to an exchange rate. Because I'm guessing they have to purchase from suppliers in € and not BTC.
@_date: 2013-11-10 08:14:10
I don't understand you people. Do you believe in bitcoin, or not? Why did you buy in the first place? If you truly believe in bitcoin, you would never look back at any government-printed currency again. If you're merely riding the hype of bitcoin to find a convenient time to convert back into USD, then what are your true intentions? Sure, go ahead and diversify risk. In the same way that you would diversify any currency risk by holding together USD, GBP, CNY, gold, etc. So if a BTC rise tips the balance of your portfolio too high towards BTC, then rebalance appropriately. But to exit BTC entirely means you have no faith in what seems to keep praising. Predictable money supply. Decentralized. Uncontrollable by any government.  
  
Otherwise it's merely another speculative investment.  
  
@_date: 2013-11-15 03:10:45
So I am curious - how do you determine how much you are going to charge your customers in BTC? How do you advertise prices in BTC?
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:21:51
Success of any currency as a store of value requires a certain portion of the existing currency to be continually traded in commerce. Good example: $2 USD bills. Completey legal, yet very low volume usage in commerce. When you attempt to trade in your $2 bill that has stored value over the time that you have owned it ... there is a reasonable chance that a business you desire goods or services from may refuse to accept it (due to lack of knowledge of its legality, and lack of exposure due to low volume circulation). Fortunately, enough entities use them that all is not loss if you run into one entity that won't accept them. But the principle remains. Another obvious answer might be certain forms of bullion.  
  
If every bitcoin is printed out on paper and stored in the ground - this currency will go nowhere. And the value will eventually dwindle to zero. The value of any buried bitcoin relies on the continued use and circulation of other bitcoins to facilitate transactions.  
  
I sometimes wonder what portion of bitcoin transactions in a given day are actual exchanges for goods or services. And if bitcoin as a "store of value" for the vast majority of individual users is merely being supported by a large number of drug transactions or similar that genuinely desire to use the properties of bitcoin.