@_author: hoblit
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:46:06
A month ago you did. With Dwolla out of the scene, what do we do now? I've had bad experiences with Coinbase (which isn't even an exchange) and nobody wants to deal with the markups at btquick or whatever they call themselves these days. I feel like I've been squeezed out of this game due to Dwolla &amp; the lack of proper ACH bank transfer set ups at reputable exchanges. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:00:38
I won't go as far as saying that they are an out &amp; out fraud, but yeah, if they can't handle money properly, they shouldn't be handling money at all. I have the same experience. Against my better judgement after doing the research on Coinbase and seeing mixed reviews, I gave them money. It was a solid transaction where they had my money. It was a  completed transfer for two entire days before telling me that they have rejected my transaction due to 'high risk'. They should be determining High Risk before they tie up someone's money for the 5+ business days it takes them to get back to you about the transaction AND having to wait for the return 3 to 4 business days. (IF that even happens within that time frame.) That is a lot of time going by as the BTC rises in price. How do I know whether or not they are using MY CASH to purchase BTC for the price it was when they took my money (two days ago). Then making profit on the difference by selling it again at the higher price, before giving MY CASH back to ME? You can assure me that they are not doing that all day long, but we can't ever know for sure. Which is really my illustration of why they shouldn't be handling our money in this manner. If you can't handle money with prompt customer service and make good on transactions, you shouldn't be handling money, period. They have too many BAD reviews to keep on this way. Here is hoping that they decide to complete my transaction or get my money back to me as soon as possible. You know what would be helpful? If they showed me a transaction in their dashboard showing me the PENDING status of my return. No, the original transaction disappears and it would seem that they are content to let me sweat it out like everyone else who has had this issue. VERY FRUSTRATED.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:21:49
Yeah, with a ridiculous 6.5% fee. At current BTC prices, this tacks on over $80 per coin. 