@_author: hobsonlane
@_date: 2014-02-16 02:59:17
USD withdrawals are not possible from Gox, and haven't been for weeks. I initiated a US bank transfer On Feb 2, and it hadn't gone through when this all hit the fan, and Gox couldn't tell me when it would. But Gox support responded to all my emails and eventually returned the dollars to my account which allowed me to put buy limit orders on the gox books. Looks like a lot of people are in the same boat. mtgoxlive shows a deep buy order book ($6M USD), and shallow sell book ($360K USD). 
@_date: 2013-12-11 17:56:13
In addition
Bitcoin is: jurisdiction-agnostic (it doesn't care where you are or which governments and agencies "own" you)
Paypal requries: you have an account in each country whose currency you want to do transactions in, and abide by local consumer banking laws in each of those countries (communist or otherwise).
@_date: 2013-06-05 23:18:42
In my experience, insolvency/bankruptcy (in Canada or the US) results in less than 50% of funds reaching creditors (us depostors of bitfloor). So please do not encourage Roman to take this easy way out or force him to by engaging your own lawyers with his. Even though a 1998 justice departement report ( says that only 8% of the debtors proceeds are taken by the trustee (a judge), it shows that another 9% are taken by the creditors lawyers (us and our lawyers). In addition, an undisclosed amount is siphoned off by debtor lawyers. Because it's undisclosed, there is even less motivation for these lawyers to minimize this expense and there's nothing to prevent them from offering Roman a discount on future litigation services in exchange for him engaging a legal firm in this process. In my experience with bankruptcy, debtors lawyers often take more than 30% of the funds available to distribute at the beginning of the process. So all told, expect to receive less than half of your deposit if bankruptcy is the path Roman takes--and that's before any bank transfer or currency conversion charges. 
Roman has been patient and smart not to declare insolvency yet and instead spend his time and money looking for other options. Bankruptcy would be the easy way out for him and the worst option for us. Please don't encourage him to take this option.
@_date: 2013-06-10 18:24:58
Thanks for the great news about IAFCU you sent out this morning. Really appreciate your hard work to help make it happen.