@_author: hodlingsince2013
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:28:03
First of all - thanks for commenting. Nothing is “the way I thought it would be.”  I hoped for slower adoption prior to the masses rushing in. The biggest threat to crypto is all this hype and the chicken-headed, fearful, self-help reading, get-rich quick folks getting on board.
Well unfortunately that came to fruition already and now we gotta cope with it.
I - like many believers in the disruptive and empowering nature of this tech - will not sell out this community solely to make enormous profits. I took out a very small percentage of holdings back in December simply to ensure return on my minuscule initial investment back in 2013.
Don’t get into this game to get rich. Get into it for long-term speculation on the technology and the wonders it will one day bring to help us all become a little bit more freed from our modern day masters.
@_date: 2018-01-21 16:59:34
Is this where the market FUD is coming from today? C”mom Korea! HODL on!
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:08:30
All this has happened before and will happen again. HODL on soldier.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:18:39
Exactly. NOOBS need to stay out of the game if they can’t pay the price. Crypto does this all the time. NVT ratios look fine and this is not at all really worrisome or “unexpected” news coming from conservative, fearful, risk-averse, corrupt governments in Asia. I lived in South Korea for a year and China for five years - so nut up and HODL the storm peeps.
They win when we all freak out. Do not freak out when NOOBS sell - change your perspective to see the upsides inherent to price volatility and take a 10,000 year view of BTC and crypto.
Short-sellers will get the short end of the stick 50% of the time because they are gambling on the future. Long-term is NOT a gamble.
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:20:36
The weak have been purged and now the market is filled with believers again. As we all know, the tech needs time to mature. We need to be unified in giving it the time to mature (SegWit adoption, Lightning Network, etc).  Remember this lesson Noobs: crypto has wild price fluctuations as institutional money attempts to manipulate and destroy our marketplace. Don’t let them bully you into selling! Wall Street has deep, deep pockets and they are not truly afraid of crypto yet. They will lose 5% of holdings just to murder BTC and all the cryptos.
Remember:  “First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.”
Greed makes us lose sight of the cause. I started HODLing because of a belief in the people and decentralized asset control. Bitcoin is not at that ideal and probably never will be - but it is better than the corruption and institutionalized, organized, and legal manipulation that has plagued our systems for a long time - even well before the 2008 crash.
This is our chance to get back some of our own control and power over our own economic futures.  Don’t let them divide you. Be happy for ANY crypto that does well.