@_author: hodl_your_ass_open
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:16:51


This is the guy who only after the price collapse following the December 2013 peak, declared with a sticky 'No price posts'. 
This rule was conspicuously absent during the price rise, and when this was pointed out by many people in the comments and the thread heavily downvoted the sticky was taken down, but ThePiachu and one or two of his fellow pumpers maintained the rule was/is still nonetheless in force. 
Just search for '$600' or '$700' to see how selectively this rule has been enforced. Ironically, even the mods post when the price has a brief upswing worthy enough of a pump attempt ([example 1]( [example 2](
Edit: Here's the sticky by ThePiachu: 
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:06:28
Because the mods of have not only shadowbanned me countless times, but actually requested the Reddit admins to ban me (they usually fulfil mod requests without looking into it because they have limited time), who used a more sophisticated method (i.e. they blanket-banned a certain password in their database).
Now I use VPNs and usually fresh accounts every time I post, because I often get shadowbanned again anyway, for just making the kind of posts such as these.
If anything, the reason why I'm using a throwaway account goes to show that ThePiachu and co. do in fact act as censors.
Here, look at this post in that sticky I mentioned:
Now click on the username. Do you understand now?
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:33:15
So what bro? My point stands on its own merits.
What '7trXMk6Z' said about ThePiachu is the *exact opposite* of my understanding and experience of him. I mean, he says ThePiachu has integrity because 'it's the policy of the mods of this sub to not censor anything remotely bitcoin-related' - yet just read the historical sticky I just linked!
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:31:51
As I explain [here]( you and/or other mods of appealed to the Reddit admins to have me permabanned. Obviously it was ineffective, but nonetheless my account from that time is now banned.
Seeing as you're the top knob after Theymos, you're probably in fact the one who sent the request to the admins to silence me as best they could.
Let me ask you this, for the benefit of anyone reading who is unsure of the truth of the matter; have you ever requested (or do you know of any mods who have requested) the Reddit admins to ban a person you had already shadowbanned on but kept coming back to make posts - who wasn't banned for being just a simple spambot, but who made unique posts?
@_date: 2015-03-01 07:43:46
Note btw how my reply to you has now since been [removed], presumably by ThePiachu - and only that comment, and it wasn't downvoted (I see it when signed in as '2 points')
ThePiachu has no integrity. He is a corrupt pumper and a coward who fears the expression of opinions contrary to his own. Fortunately, censorship has not worked in stemming his losses. Bitcoin is now down what, 80 percent(?), since he made that sticky.
This comment will no doubt be censored too, but I'll repost the comment I made before at least one more time:


This is the guy who only after the price collapse following the December 2013 peak, declared with a sticky 'No price posts'. 
This rule was conspicuously absent during the price rise, and when this was pointed out by many people in the comments and the thread heavily downvoted the sticky was taken down, but ThePiachu and one or two of his fellow pumpers maintained the rule was/is still nonetheless in force. 
Just search for '$600' or '$700' to see how selectively this rule has been enforced. Ironically, even the mods post when the price has a brief upswing worthy enough of a pump attempt ([example 1]( [example 2](
Edit: Here's the sticky by ThePiachu: 
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:43:14
Look at the most upvoted post in that thread: 
It even has more upvotes than the thread!
Yeah, I'm sure there's more than a few bagholders here who wanted to silence anyone pointing out Bitcoin was a pump n dump bubble, but ThePiachu shouldn't have catered to this minority (or even if it was a majority) if he had *integrity* as you say he did. Integrity means sticking to your existing set of rules, and not making up new ones when it's convenient for you or or the people you have sympathies for.
The ban was *not* lifted, nor was there any statement to that effect. The thread was unstickied because of the backlash, but posts about the price falling were still removed. I know this because I was one person making such posts, and the consequence was a deletion and shadowban for every such post (note: I use VPN). The hypocrisy (as some of the comments in that thread also talk about) is that price posts were *not* removed when they were positive (i.e. 'This is a buying opportunity/brief correction! Buy while its at a cheap $700/BTC! or '$700! $100 price rise in 24 hours! To the moon!!!!').
@_date: 2015-03-01 06:56:09
Price posts that didn't include the phrase 'BUY!BUY!BUY!!!1!!' were deleted and users shadowbanned for making such posts, *after* this thread of yours was unstickied.
I know this because I was making such posts, and even when using various VPNs + unrelated account names, I would get posts deleted and accounts shadowbanned.
I was actually talking about this to judah_mu once (former mod for those who don't know), and he said the reason the post I was talking about was deleted was because it was a 'price post'.
You, and some of your fellow mods, are corrupt pumpers. Don't even get me started on Theymos. Because of you and your buddies, no doubt at least a few dozen people have lost tons of money as a direct consequence (thousands more indirectly). For example:  Instead of warning these people not to dump thousands of dollars of their retirement savings into shitcoin, you goaded them into buying in near or at the peak, as well as after the bubble collapse, and censored anyone who suggested or argued otherwise.