@_author: hodous
@_date: 2017-11-02 21:16:33
Here is exactly what is going to happen:
Bitcoin will march towards 10k pushed by whales
Shortly after and before the split the whales will push the price down to 7k again for a big buying oppurtunity the day before.  There will be EXTREME volatility as segwit2x approaches.  
You have 2 good ways to play this and every other way is dumb.
 Hold throughout... turn off your computer... Wait until December 20th the winner of the war will have been clear by then.  You don't lose in this situation.
 Sell at the ATH (day or two before the fork)... move into safe alt coins like Ripple or Litecoin (stay away from ether its not going to bounce like the others will).
The only thing BAD that can happen from  is the replay protection issues looming... I have read some doomsday scenario's that make me think that Bitcoin Cash might come out smelling like roses after this if things get squirly. 
The most likely scenario is the hash power of the segwit2x coin is around 70% by december 20th and its value of $6000 compared to the original $1000 for btc becomes more of a after thought as Segwit2x wins.  Mean while Bitcoin cash falters under segwit2x success.  But like I said the interesting play here is btc and 2x fail and Bitcoin cash becomes the dominant player...
Some rumors are this whole segwit2x group is purposely possibly conspiratorially crashing the coin for the purpose of forcing people to the 8mb block.
I guess we will see... personally I moving into Alts on the day before and then back in to both 5 days later.
Just an opinion
@_date: 2017-11-03 02:28:39
Alts are going up after the fork big time... always happens.  But if you're not in anything safe play is 2 days prior to the fork get into a solid alt like LTC XRP... be careful with ethereum its not going to perform well regardless of the outcome IMHO.  
Huge play term is MaidSafe.  February 2018 its going to go 20-4000x from its current spot.  Their team is universal thought of as the biggest possibility of crushing the definition of what a crypto is supposed to be.  Mesh internet 2.0... its going to be wicked if they pull it off you can become a millionaire off a couple hundred bucks investment.  Or they can't do it and you lose a couple hundred bucks.  Its worth a look again IMHO.  
@_date: 2017-11-02 20:55:50
In your core wallet you have the priv key and your main address still correct?  Hopefully you didn't delete... If you do then you need to dl the abc core wallet... import the dat file and then you unlock the dat file in the console.  Just be careful you don't want to corrupt something in the console.