@_author: hoiihoiihoii
@_date: 2014-01-19 19:41:36
That's what I was looking for.
Is there a longer answer why? I know the challenges to 'truly be random' in digital world when it comes to entropy.. but not familiar with why Humans suck at it so bad.. Other than obvious thoughts of using known words/phrases/lack of range, etc?
Is there any concern then about the /random processes of our systems being compromised with all the snowden releases? Would a similar compromise to what RSA was caught doing(in terms of weakening), have any impact to wallet creation? If the seed for the initial random number generators was compromised how much weaker could that make the encryption? or am I mixing apples and oranges?
@_date: 2014-01-19 19:32:46
I don't understand the argument. A brain wallet is the initial phrase that you can build the rest from. Could I not easily generate a paper wallet with the same private key i've created and store that as a paper wallet? I could even lock it with a passphrase as well? 
I thought this was more using your head as the initial source of digits vs entropy on a PC? I know it's advertised brain wallet vs paper vs online vs local.. but that's not really true is it? I can use my 'brain wallet' and import it into online, or my PC. I'd be dumb too, but I could. 
Or am I missing something other than not standard?
@_date: 2014-01-19 20:57:25
That's what I thought! 
I felt much better having that in my head, with a single backup locked away than having to worry about multiple copies to prevent losing something I didn't have memorized... And also not having to use Ubuntu+Thirdparty.. I felt much better using raw code to generate each bit. 
@_date: 2014-01-19 20:44:17
Thanks, I switched to an armory offline wallet. 
Atleast I learned a good deal about how the addresses were formed etc which was part of the appeal. Just something in the back of my head concerned me of using other peoples software+os seemed, potentially, higher risk than coming up with a 100+ human generated passphrase. Seems I was mistaken.
@_date: 2014-01-19 19:37:48
I guess this is where I don't fully get the methods of attack. I thought the strongest reason against brain wallets(other than losing it) is using a phrase, or dictionary words, etc and thereby making yourself a weaker attack point.
By taking several phrases and interweaving the phrases where the result is 
How is that not superior to:
Or is there a certain length of phrase where neither matter and length &gt; all due to sheer possible combinations?
What am I missing?