@_author: hokuto_shinken
@_date: 2017-08-02 15:14:31
First they copied the Bitcoin name in order to mislead people. Then they copied another Altcoin's abbreviation BCC. Then they copied the Electrum wallet name. Then they copied the Bitcoin logo. Doesn't get any more Chinese than that.
@_date: 2017-11-22 22:39:18
I live in a small town in northern Italy, population is less than 50,000. Hardly anyone speaks English. People aren't exactly IT wizards... yet they talk about Bitcoin at local bars. Some people think it's bullshit, others think it's great. It's not discussed as often as football games, but since it's pretty much in the news daily nowadays, it's definitely a topic of conversation
@_date: 2017-10-10 13:33:41
Thought exactly the same as you today, but also cringed at the thought of all the so called financial experts who are going to get the 200th chance to call it a bubble... 
@_date: 2017-06-15 11:42:26
I bet these politicians secretly rejoice every time there's a terrorist attack, using it as an opportunity to pass the next 'Patriot Act'. 
They tried killing Torrents (pressured by the movie/music industries), they failed. Torrent sites and the community showed their resilience. Eventually, Torrents forced the movie and music industries to evolve, giving end-users better products, more convenience and services like Netflix were born. Same for services like Uber/Lyft - French taxi drivers/unions fought this new competition by pulling people out of Uber cars and kicking the shit out of them, now they've had to adapt and compete (theoretically a free market, right?), rather than fixing their prices and ripping off the end-user. Because in the end, it's always the average Joe who picks up the bill.
They will try killing Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and they will fail for the same reasons. Change is difficult and hard to accept, particularly when the current system is rewarding you heftily and keeping you in power for doing nothing other than fucking your constituents over.
It's always like that when you step on the toes of anyone who's in power, essentially competing with and/or questioning the system that's been put in place. It was bound to be even harder with Bitcoin, since the financial industries, who sponsor/own these lawmakers, can put a lot more pressure on them.
I don't really know enough about hard-fork / soft-fork or whatever's gonna happen with that. Whether I make or lose money there, the only thing I care about is that the government doesn't kill off what could potentially be the next evolution of our financial (and so many other possibilities) system, giving everyone equal opportunity and cutting out the middleman.