@_author: holdintheaces
@_date: 2017-10-13 18:05:10
What about EBay, Venmo, Cash, PayPal?  They all offer money transfer services.
Do they not operate across borders or in Guatemala?
@_date: 2017-10-12 12:56:07
It's actually a really stupid investment if you aren't playing the game and willing to jump ship.
Extremely high risk, though it's turning out to be high reward.
Edit: to those pretending it isn't high risk, look at it this way: it's essentially stock in a company that doesn't produce anything, hire anyone, provide any service, or actually exist at all.  At least stocks are (kinda sorta a little) related to a company that provides a real world service. You invest in stocks, which are basically a loan to the company selling the stocks, and then get return as that company provides a satisfactory service.  The money from selling stocks goes towards improving a product.  With bitcoin, you're investing in very literally nothing.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:09:53
You aren't understanding what I'm saying.
Owning diamonds isn't stock in Tiffany's.  They literally use it to build products.  It itself is a product, but it's also a material that is *needed* around the world.  They have *real* value because they can be used for things other than "representing value".
Bitcoin is not a product.  It isn't a material that goes into a product.
It can't be put on a wheel and used to cut things.  It doesn't conduct electricity.  It's not used to make nanoparticles that treat cancer like gold is.  It is a virtual thing.
As and FYI, [bitcoin really isn't anonymous](  The one "value" I would normally concede to you isn't even all that true.  Cash is way harder to track than bitcoin is.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:28:04
I never said I wasn't invested. Im holding onto a nuetral outlook and a healthy amount of skepticism.
I'd argue the vast majority of value exists purely because of fanatical people caught up in hype.  Bitcoin will remain meaningless if you cannot settle taxes or debt with it.  Right now, it's just a middle man that happens to be seeing value increases. That can change all to quickly to let yourself get swept up in the proselytizing going on.
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:37:31
Gold is an incredible conductor of electricity, is being used to cure cancer, used to be used for filling cavities, etc.
It has uses well beyond just representing value. If an economy collapsed, gold would still have uses and still be needed, therefore it would still hold value.
Like I said, Bitcoin represents nothing to anyone other than the value assigned to it based on demand, and that demand isn't based on any need.
@_date: 2017-10-12 15:30:54
You're an idyllic zealot who doesn't understand the enormous risk in investing in a currency with *literally no grounding* in any real world commodity.
It's value is 100% based on people willing to pretend it has value.  The second a better cryptocurrency comes along, a major bug is discovered, or people simply stop wanting to buy it, it's value will drop to nothing. It is a fiat currency through and through.
It is EXTREMELY high risk and you're an idiot to pretend otherwise.
And for the record, you don't know anything about me.  I didn't panic sell like you assumed.  I'm just calling it like is instead of spreading misinformation or pretending it's a magic money making machine.
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:51:41
Gold and diamonds have intrinsic value beyond a representation of money.  They both have tons of uses in manufacturing, medicine, science, etc.
They also have a very definite finite amount.  Last time I checked, you can't create matter.
Bitcoin isn't a company. It's a share of stock that doesn't even have a company associated with it.  It's a gambling ring that only earns money by more people showing up to gamble.  Play the game while it lasts. It's certainly a very real money making strategy at the moment.