@_author: holidayinberlin
@_date: 2014-04-03 13:31:10
Whether bitcoin in used to purchase goods or services, or traded/held as an investment, the accounting will be the same. For example, say you bought a few millibits worth $100 when bitcoin was valued at $400. It is the only bitcoin you own. Time passes, bitcoin is priced at $500 (a 25% increase in value), and you spend all your millibits at Overstock to purchase an iota for $125. Per Internal Revenue Service (IRS) capital asset rules, the purchase created a taxable event and you must report a short-term capital gain of $25. 
In order to report this correctly to the IRS, you would need the purchase and sale dates of the bitcoin (to determine the holding period of the asset and whether it will be treated as a short- or long-term capital gain), the amount of millibits used in the transaction, and the price of the millibits at the time of their purchase and sale.
Now imagine trying to ride herd over multiple, varied transactions. In the last example, suppose you used only a portion of your bitcoin at Overstock. Now you have to track these remaining millibits. Or, say you owned lots of bitcoin purchased over multiple dates. When you use (i.e., sell) your bitcoin, which purchase date (needed to establish your holding period) do you use: the first bitcoin purchased? The last? Or, what if your $125 purchase required you to use millibits purchased on various dates and at various prices?
Capital losses can also occur, of course. There are limits, however, regarding how much of these losses can be deducted in a given tax year.
How I plan to attack this bookkeeping problem is through use of a spreadsheet since I buy or sell bitcoin only 4-5 times a month. I'm willing to endure the brain damage in order to continue using bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-11 11:55:27
Made purchases yesterday when prices hit $410 and $397. Kicking myself that I didn't buy again last night when alerted price had slid below $360 (I reasoned the price might be even lower this morning).
IMO: buy.