@_author: holmesksp
@_date: 2018-01-21 00:44:42
My point exactly. the only thing you can respond to about this is how I misspelled Segwit... that really proves your point of how segwit clearly must be implemented. I don't necessarily know if it shouldn't be implemented I just know that when someone acts like a child and spams until they get their way it tends to be a sign of immaturity. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 22:55:22
Dude stop. This isn't cute nor useful nor is it going to do anything. All it's going to do is get the r/Bitcoin Community annoyed at you. As many people have stayed here Segwit and the lightning Network have their problems so you need to stop touting them as if they are miracle solutions.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:49:09
While it's unclear whether you're trying to agree or disagree with OP either way you're coming off as a little bit foolhardy. His point was not his own story, it was more that way too many people go around Reddit and other social media in general carelessly talking about how they suddenly came into money. It's a good idea in general to not do that whether it's real or virtual currencies as you're likely to suddenly acquire new acquaintances that are only interested in getting some of that money. I'm not necessarily talking about somebody actually stealing it more talking you into giving them some since you're such "good friends". You just need to be wary about who you share such information with.
@_date: 2018-02-05 04:04:31
It's not even that it's good or bad necessarily it's more just how this guy is basically coming in with the attitude of "hey! Implement this thing that I think that should be implemented widely and if you don't I will keep spamming and nagging" (meanwhile also farming karma from the same exact post posted multiple times... but that's a different can of worms...). Such behavior is not entirely unlike a child threatening to throw a tantrum or keep nagging their parents if their parents don't buy them a thing that they want. Yes it's not a Perfect Analogy I meant but the point still stands. From what I understand Segwit and lightning Network is not entirely agreed upon as things that have to be 100% implemented. Frankly I don't quite know enough about to even form a full opinion I just know that it's not as cut-and-dry positive as the original poster makes it out to be. So my main contention is just the attitude of spamming unless they get their way.