@_author: holy_hand_gernade
@_date: 2016-05-04 06:10:52
Yep.  Trying to figure it out.  Perhaps the price could come from from actual companies selling silver or gold and factor in the actual delay times for deliveries.
@_date: 2016-05-03 06:33:35
Or Craig killed his partner (the one holding the private keys representing Satoshi) and is now threatening others to "prove" he's Satoshi.  Perhaps he's trying to recover the coins by asserting that he needs to change the code to get "his" coins back...  Or there's a trust that will only give out the private Satoshi keys to the person who is proven to be Satoshi, and Craig is simply trying to fool the trust administrators.
&lt;Insert any number of conspiracy theories to explain what the hell is going on...&gt;
@_date: 2016-05-03 06:36:07
When things don't make sense, people seek to explain them with theories.  Sorta like people try to explain the universe by theorizing there's an all powerful god.
@_date: 2016-05-03 22:24:34


You assume the hardware and computer systems have not been back doored.  Right now bitcoin and crypto's are not a threat, and the establishment seems to be embracing the adoption.  This would indicate that they have backup plans in case they need to confiscate the wealth.  I would venture that silicon chips and CPU's have back doors placed in them by the USG.  It's just the way control freaks think.
So, I would not put to much trust in crypto in the long run.  Best bet is to diversify and decentralize all methods of exchanges so no one method holds all the "eggs".
@_date: 2016-05-03 14:56:57
The point is multi-fold.  We need to stop the looters from getting value by theft (e.g. the state and the banks).  We need to have a way to store value that cannot be cheated.  Gold and silver work better for both.
Bitcoin has value in the sense that it can be sent across borders, but because states can use the threat of violence to implant viruses and create backdoors in hardware, it should not be the primary means of exchange.
@_date: 2016-05-03 22:20:38
There are way to many laws and regulations regarding the issuance of paper or electronic "securities" that are "backed" by other things.
I've been thinking of a crypto that is "defended" (not backed) to match the price of gold, silver or some other metal.  Defenders would get the extra "coins" when they defend the crypto.  New coins would be issued if the value gets higher than the target (gold silver, etc) and the defenders would burn their coins (e.g. "defend" the crypto) if the crypt value got to low.  Users of the crypto would still risk the defenders abandoning the crypto... so it's not perfect.
@_date: 2016-05-02 16:07:28
[All proofs were made in private and not made public.](
Where did these signatures come from and why are they "proof" that Craig Steven Wright is NOT Satoshi?
If these were taken from his blog, it does not constitute proof, but give some weight that it may be a scam.  Using this as "proof" only inflames the issue and makes you look stupid for claiming it is proof.
Thus, we don't have proof either way, just strong indicators that either CSW is SN or there's a scam going on.  If a public proof is provided, Peter Todd and the core group are going to lose a lot of credibility for revoking Gavin's commit access.  If CSW is demonstrated to be a fraud, then Gavin and a few others are going to look very stupid.
@_date: 2016-05-02 18:13:06
Publicly trying to humiliate Gavin by revoking his commit access has nothing to do with a "conservative" move.  There is a vetting process in place before code reaches the general build, and if his security is suspect, then you take extra measures to see if his contributions contain nefarious code, you don't boot him.  As it stands, it kinda looks like Peter Todd and the rest are being dictintorial, vendictive, or just afraid they're going to lose control.  It's a poor move on their part.
A better move (if PT knows CSW is a fraud) would be to let Gavin "fall on his own sword".  Instead PT looks desperate to keep control.
@_date: 2016-05-03 06:39:56
Bitcoin or no bitcoin, we really need to consider going back to using gold and silver.  Computers are good for some things, but putting our money in silicon is inviting big brother 2.0.