@_author: homerjthompson_
@_date: 2016-04-21 23:37:21
David Shrier,
Your belief that the financial regulators are part of the government is incorrect. The central banks are privately owned and their mission is to perpetuate the power of the banking industry over the economic participants and wage slaves. They do not exist to serve the public interest.
You are their willing accomplice, helping to create new chains around the necks of the wage slaves so that the privately-owned central banks can retain their control over the economy.
For this reason, all well-informed and decent people around the world are right to hate you until you repent and behave ethically.
Edit: repentance
@_date: 2017-03-16 20:45:14
Isn't it very likely that the exchanges will support segwit in so far as they will run segwit compatible software, but won't go so far that they would enforce a ban on non-segwit blocks when some people are willing to pay for the coins in those blocks?
@_date: 2017-03-03 21:19:04
Do it!
@_date: 2017-03-25 05:10:06
Why are there no tests accompanying this?
@_date: 2017-03-17 02:17:25
Why would more than half of the exchanges need to refuse to force it through to derail it?
Wouldn't a single exchange be enough to give the non-segwit coins a market price?
@_date: 2016-06-28 00:03:30
But what you actually wrote is an incredibly weak statement which doesn't prove what you intended it to prove.
You wanted to prove:
* Miners have no leverage to make demands.
In support of this, you say:
* If they attempt to hardfork without community consensus, they harm only themselves, while Bitcoin moves on without them.
In order to draw the first sentence as a conclusion from the second, we need to suppose that you are using the phrase "without community consensus" to mean "against community consensus" - namely a fork which almost the entire community opposes.
But we know that much of the community would support the miners. I agree, not enough to qualify as the type of stringent consensus that you aspire to, but enough to mean that users and businesses would at least know about it and have a choice and the network would continue to function, even though Core nodes would not relay the blocks greater than 1MB.
So the first sentence doesn't follow from the second.
Can you explain it more clearly?
If you have a good and clear explanation, I believe I'm correct in saying that I'm not the only one who doesn't get it.
@_date: 2016-06-27 22:45:45
You're saying that the timeline has now changed, because segwit is months behind schedule, and because of the unforeseen points 2 to 4 in your second enumeration above.
Doesn't that mean that the future that we find ourselves in is materially different from the one which was foreseen at the time of the agreement?
And, therefore, the miners' agreement to exclusively run Core "for the foreseeable future" no longer applies?
@_date: 2016-06-28 02:50:27
JToomim is correct.
Segwit does not forbid legacy-style transactions; nor does it introduce new limits on them.
Thus, the vulnerability persists.
An attacker would use legacy transactions, since that's where the  vulnerability lies.
@_date: 2016-06-27 23:36:33
You say that if the miners hardfork without Core's consent (that which you call "community consensus"), then they will harm only themselves because "Bitcoin" moves on without them.
But the computing power of their sha256 hardware is more than a million times faster than the world's biggest supercomputer.
Core's fork would be much easier to do a 51% attack against. No?
Also, before your fork to change to Keccak was deployed, you would be running with 25% or less of the previous hashpower, so you would have 1MB blocks every 40 minutes or less until the difficulty adjusts, while the other chain would have 2MB blocks every 15 minutes.
Wouldn't businesses and users choose the more secure chain with the higher capacity?
Wouldn't the insecure chain just become a toy for hobbyists without a multi-billion dollar market cap?
I agree that you can say, "According to *my* definition, our Keccak chain is the *real* bitcoin, and the sha256 chain is merely an *altcoin*." 
But how does your opinion about which one is the "*real*" bitcoin constitute a harm to the sha256 miners, when the coin they mine has value and yours doesn't?
Please do explain this. It's central to your argument.
@_date: 2016-02-07 06:17:55
Is it just me, or does it seem like an exaggeration to call classic nodes a network attack?
I like a good fight but you've got to have some substance behind your punches or you look pathetic and possibly hysterical.
@_date: 2016-05-26 20:27:50
It's very probably Jihan.
Antpool was accused of selfish mining. It makes sense that Jihan would respond.
@_date: 2016-05-04 00:59:45


You mean: Now that we've got our story straight, we want you to ask us questions *only* about the latest, least embarrassing version of our story.
You're like a pickpocket who says, "I will only answer questions about the period of time when my hand was *not* in your pocket."
Ok, then: Answer this question: Who is funding AML/KYC research for cryptocurrencies at MIT?
And this: Was the funding provided specifically for this purpose or was it given unconditionally to people who then decided of their own free will to dedicate their research to AML/KYC?
Thank you in advance for your self-incriminating answers.
@_date: 2016-05-06 15:48:31
It's the mobile version of the site.
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:25:09
Bitcoin was created after the Liberty Dollar failure which showed the malicious intent of your precious regulators and after the TARP + bailout which showed their criminal predatory nature.
It was designed to withstand attacks from evil central banksters which is why it is still alive and so successful. Decentralization was the method to achieve this.
Why are you on the side of evil? Is it because that's where your funding comes from?
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:42:21
Don't you know that the "regulators" are the central banks?
Don't you know that the Federal Reserve is no more federal than Federal Express? Edit: For clarification, the Federal Reserve is owned by the commercial banks it regulates, and acts in their interest, not the public interest.
Why do you think these people have the right to regulate ordinary people?
@_date: 2016-05-04 02:11:21
Thank you for your answers so far. They are in fact appreciated and do help your case.
But, could you please link to the list of funders? "Our site" is vague and evasive. We want to know if the people funding your efforts are those malevolent people who would like to deprive us of the freedoms we currently enjoy.
Also, please answer the question: Was there funding provided specifically for AML/KYC research?
Let me clarify that for you. If you and your team had decided to research something other than AML/KYC, using your current funds, would you be in breach of the terms under which the funding was provided?
Please don't be vague and evasive. It makes you look guilty, 
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:56:32
You are flippant.
@_date: 2016-05-04 03:32:10
Thanks for your reply.
So the money comes from the UBS criminal bankster organization, which rigs Libor and forex markets with nobody going to jail, a US government agency that nobody has ever heard of, and two miscellaneous network companies.
And you say that the money was allocated *after* the funders knew that it was to be used for AML/KYC (among other, unspecified, projects).
And you do this in the hope or at least expectation that someday, people will go to jail for much less than UBS did, as a result of your stalwart efforts. In Saudi Arabia, you would deliver women drivers to the authorities for flogging; in Turkey, you would deliver those who insult Erdogan for imprisonment ("He was elected so it is just!", you proclaim). In Russia, you would detect those who use bitcoin and bring them to the authorities for their seven-year prison sentence, and in China, you would help the authorities harvest the organs of dissidents. Long live the legitimate authorities!
I wish you and your wife a very pleasant night, and I hope that someday you will find greater satisfaction in seeking to free humanity from corrupt bankers than you do in enslaving the multitudes to the officious.
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:34:43
This explains why Craig suggested that Gavin and the BBC send coins to the genesis block address.
Craig thought that the trustee would allow him to return those coins because they were not trust assets.
The trustee apparently disagreed, leaving Craig with one extremely embarrassing situation.
@_date: 2016-05-04 11:08:32
He pointed me to 
So: UBS, US Office National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, NTT Japan and NetApp.
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:06:16
You may have interpreted my remarks, accusing you of siding with evil, as an assertion that regulators are intrinsically evil.
For clarity: Not all regulators are necessarily evil, but in the specific case of financial regulators, there is indeed a problem. 
These entities are central banks. They already have the power to create money at will, and in a world ruled by money, that makes them rulers of the world. Now in addition they also seek to know about and control (e.g. have the power to freeze or reverse) *all* transactions.
Such concentrations of power have the potential for great evil. We might be reassured if there was strict oversight to prevent the misuse of these powers. But in truth, there is no oversight and no accountability and these entities can and do create money at will in secret for purposes unknown to the public.
Maybe we might hope that they act in the public interest, but we know that they act in the interest of their owners, namely the private banking sector.
You have already gestured to our corrupt representatives and their rubber-stamping of the powers of the Fed as proof that we should put chains on our necks and obey. But these representatives keep their positions of slight power only insofar as they can raise funds for their election campaigns, leaving them at the mercy of those who can create money at will. 
Just in case you weren't aware, [the US congress is owned by the banks]( and this is widely known.
If you choose to look into the history of money, you will learn that the policy of pushing the entire population into subsistence living, with little hope of anything other than a life of toil, was deliberate, and was undertaken to consolidate the hold on power of those who already had it.
Debt slavery and wage slavery are not necessary features of modern society. They are imposed on society by the banking sector because a prosperous and educated society is harder to retain control over.
Maybe that will help you understand why I accuse you of siding with evil.
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:51:47
No - the Fed's remit does *not* extend to bitcoin, and Bernanke himself said so.
Who are you to contradict him?