@_author: honestmicky22
@_date: 2018-02-10 15:13:01
I’m sharing my stupidity with the community, and to be aware of a fake Coinbase support number scam still going on today.
I had a small amount of BTC, around $160, in my Coinbase account. On January 31, I noticed that this was moved from my account to “Coinbase.” I did not know why so I tried 5 times to submit a support ticket, and each time I filled out the form, the submit button did not work. I tried three different browsers and even rebooted to see if this would help. They did not. At the time of my felony assault hack, I did not have more than a total of $400 buying power from both my checking account and credit/debit cards available for crypto purchases. I Googled “Coinbase support button not working,” to see if I could fix this support button not working issue. I did not Google “Coinbase Support Contact Number,” so no big large Coinbase number was on the Google results page, but there were multiple “Coinbase Support” numbers prominently displayed on the first Google page.
I called a scam number. The background noise sounded like a busy customer support department. The asshole thief (a male with an Indian accent) asked for my email to verify me. He asked to see my desktop. Having worked in corporate offices I was familiar with many times being helped by tech support in this manner so it did not alarm me. He asked for my 2FA which I entered in my phone and he asked me to type in some numbers which I did. My screen went black and he was moving the cursor around talking to me telling me he could see where the small BTC move to Coinbase occurred and he could help. After 4 minutes the heist was over. I immediately saw a $2,000 purchase from my checking account, a $1,784 ETH credit card charge, and a $237 ETH debit card charge. WTF!!! And how did he increase my buying power that I did not have??? I immediately knew I fell for a scam/hack, and I found the REAL Coinbase number and immediately called to put a hold on my account and submitted a fraud account compromise ticket. I also immediately called both of my credit card companies and reported the theft and had both accounts closed. I immediately called my bank and had them cancel both my checking account and debit card account.
Here are my issues now with Coinbase: The asshole hacked my account on Jan. 31. My Coinbase account is still frozen going on two weeks. I've called the correct Coinbase number several times to get the status on my case and I just get, 'you will be contacted by email when we've looked at your case.'
Not only was I violated by the asshole scammer, I feel sort of violated also by Coinbase with this taking this long to reopen my account. AND how was this asshole thief able to increase my buying power limits immediately to $4,000, when I only had $400 at the most in buying power at the moment of the theft?
I will never give out 2FA numbers to anyone again, nor give access to my computer! So I learned these lessons hard. In my opinion, Coinbase NEEDS to have a phone number on its website so this scam does not happen to anyone else.
THANK GOD I learned prior to this assault to store most of my coins/tokens in paper wallets or cold storage hardware Nano Ledger S wallets!!!! ﻿Thanks for listening.
