@_author: honest_on_gonewild
@_date: 2018-11-30 16:12:46
Well I chose the US's GDP as an example, not because BTC is specifically connected to the US, but because it has the largest GDP by far. The US GPD is as large as China, Japan, and Korea combined, just to put it in perspective.
We might start seeing a mass adoption in countries with unstable currencies, or we might not. There is no way to know for sure. However, we have also seen that people in countries with unstable currencies often purchase other fiat currencies instead, specifically USD. I haven't seen anything to indicate that rich venezuealans are using BTC as a value store, but it could happen I guess.
Market cap does matter though, even if many coins are lost. It indicates the value stored in the currency if redeemed in USD. The question is, do we think that the global community will choose to store that much value in BTC. The possibility exists, I suppose, for the USD's value to fall so dramatically that BTC rises to 700k against it, but then the price increase isn't very meaningful in other contexts.
Personally, I hope the volatility does not continue indifinitely. It would be much better for BTC's viability as a currency to have a small, but stable, deflationary trend. Nothing like the chart posted above. 
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:23:43
There is no reason for the price of BTC to follow that trend though, and indeed many reasons to think that it won't. Simply following the regression line, this would mean that the price of a single BTC would be around $700k in 2024. Depending on the amount of coins in circulation at that time, that would mean that the market cap of BTC would start to rival the current GDP of the United States, the current market cap of the S&amp;P 500, be four times the current monetary base of the USD and be at least twice the current market cap of Gold. I guess the question we have to ask ourselves is if that seems likely.
@_date: 2018-12-02 14:39:22
Those are all factors in what the future exchange rate between USD and BTC will be, but why should those factors lead to the price following that specific regression line? Indeed, only the first part of what you said is a technical certainty, the rest relies on market sentiment which is almost impossible to foresee. If predicting the price of assets was as easy as simply finding a regression which fits past data, investing well would be a trivial task and everybody would be billionaires. 
That's not the case though. Finding a model that fits past data is easy, but the fact is that predicting the future price of BTC or other volatile assets is almost impossible, as shown time and time again as models fail to accurately predict future behavior. 
@_date: 2018-12-02 12:23:00
Yes, really. What reason is there that you see?
@_date: 2018-12-02 12:23:50
What a strong counter-argument.
@_date: 2018-12-14 23:22:24
FYI Duck boats are the  selling tour boats on the market right now. Over $1 thousand in sales. You can take that seriously.
