@_author: honkeytonkfunkymonk
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:44:17
This post may just get lost in a sea of comments but i'll do it anyway. I started collecting bitcoin around 2010 and built a few coins up. I still have a couple coins today but have looked further at other cryptocoins. I looked at LTC and to be honest wasn't that impressed. 
The main difference for me with Dogecoin and the subreddit, is that we ALL work together to make new people feel welcome because we have seen the hatred and abuse new people can sometimes receive in the BTC and LTC subreddits. I think the biggest thing which "We the doge" have going for us is the community spirit. I still have my bitcoin and will still continue to invest it in ways I feel benefit me however I am having a blast with Doge. If it goes anywhere - great. If not, it still has been a blast and the community is great. 
After all, how many cryptocoins can say they helped send Olympians to the winter games.. ;) 
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:49:48
I somewhat agree with this, but without a community to drive awareness of the currency - what really separates LTC/DOGE/QUARK etc. They are all forms of digital currency - all with the potential to become something. Without a positive community to help drive this in the early days nothing will start. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:31:48
That's exactly it. For me? I thought it was great I could have two things at once which I really enjoyed; cryptocoins and a fun community. Almost every new thread has positive tips for new people and the tipping is amazing.
Bitcoin still has a solid place in my heart and if I want serious information I will still come by here otherwise i'll be in my dogecave :)
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:47:32
I'd beg to differ. for a currency which has "no real value" we managed to do a great job raising over 30K for a country to go to the Olympics. This would never have been done with a community which is always fighting and cutting down just like your post above.
It's OK young Shibe - have some faith. So anger much bitter 
Your reply is exactly what I was talking about. The community is so cutthroat. 
I'll help you come to our moon +/udogetipbot 10 doge