@_author: honza17
@_date: 2019-07-07 02:03:33
You can tokenize Bitcoin on the Stellar network for the daily usage.
@_date: 2019-06-08 13:56:07
Exactly, a new house owner one day...
@_date: 2018-12-29 02:58:21
@_date: 2018-12-17 08:47:24
It depends on your goals. If you want to trade then loosing position is really the best thing you have to do. But you should never risk more than 1-3% of your trading balance for a single trade. This will let you make several mistakes in line without loosing large portion of your balance. However, what you described is a trading with 100% of your balance (unless you can really control the 10%, but that's still too much), and that never works in long term. More likely sooner or later you sell, the price goes up you buy less, the price goes down,... repeat few times and your account is erased.
For a long-term investment the dollar cost averaging "usually" works the best. You can only try to time the market a little by not buying for "a bad price." We are not ATH at the moment nor the price have not surged parabolic in the recent period, the expectations and fundamentals are still high, the price may not be bad (market cap of btc is comparable to market cap of PayPal for example, if btc was the stock company...). But to determine good or bad price, no one really knows how to do that. If you consider the current price is on discount then it's good time to DCA buys. If you have bought already and don't want to DCA then you can still ignore the market opinion about the price. At the end of the downtrend the price is always for discount, the same as at the end of the uptrend when the price is for premium. Market gives you only the possibility to buy or sell, 24/7 but you don't have to accept the market offer.
No matter if trading or investing you have to decide when you are going to sell before you buy. Only if fundamentals changes significantly then one should reconsider, but not due to the current often irrational market price.
When price goes up again, you can target to have 25-75 % in fiat the rest in crypto. And periodically re-balance: Crypto surges you sell in small amounts, crypto goes down you buy more. That approach never leaves you completely out of the market. Or you can simply hodl if you believe in the huge potential as many of us here.
Of course, you can still sell to lock your loss. No one really knows what will happen in next months or years. You only should not act under emotions, no FOMO buys, no panic sells. But you can use these emotions as another input - feel FOMO, maybe good time to start selling and vice versa.