@_author: hoop_snake
@_date: 2014-02-10 03:47:08
"The numbers" being that most people who have purchased or sold something non-digital with bitcoin has done so in order to simply garner mass upvotes on reddit, or boost their sales for a week.
Find one person who has bought or sold anything using bitcoin, from a brick and mortar business, that didn't closely follow up with some kind of publicity/attention/upvote attraction measure.
All those "OMFG SUBWAY ACCEPTED MY BTC JUST LIKE THE 15 PREVIOUS REDDITORS" circlejerk threads - they just keep coming, and when they stop, business owners "won't be bothered with this bitcoin thing" due to it being another step in them receiving their fiat.
Sometimes you don't need a government funded study to see 'the numbers'.
@_date: 2014-11-29 11:20:07
We sure will make progressive improvements - but it seems anyone is only interested in "improving" what's already there. Its like cavemen taking a recently invented wooden wheel, carving inscriptions on it or finding a slightly stronger timber and calling it an improvement - not actually improving the functionality or useability of the technology.
Blockchain doesn't need to be money. It doesn't need to be tradeable. It doesn't need to hold perceived value. It doesn't need to be Bitcoin. Or litecoin. Or BandwagonCoin. But that's all we can see, and for the technology to be used to its full potential, we need to take it out of this single use case and allow true innovation to be realised through diversification of how this tech is actually implemented.
It needs to be developed into an actual adoptable technology. Perfect example is HashCash, the concept Bitcoin &amp; Block chain was "inspired" by. Despite the name, it has nothing to do with money. The blockchain was originally designed for spam prevention. Satoshi developed it into a currency and that's where its remained stagnant.
We don't need to wait for some perfect technology, waiting has left us with the same bitcoin for years. 
We need to start thinking outside the block.
@_date: 2014-02-10 05:06:35
As far as I'm concerned, a quiet comment on Facebook (by someone who's not an obvious advocate) saying they made their first bitcoin purchase, or were surprised it was accepted at ______ would qualify as "find one person" - as long as they didn't follow it up with a reddit post or PR 'article' about how bitcoin is so easy and fast rah rah rah..or a picture of them 'in the moment'. 
@_date: 2014-11-29 03:05:42
Yeah but think about how many heros do this, trying to be the first one with the so-called evidence to garner the upvotes..
But how much of this poor shop owners time are you all wasting? How much stress are you creating for them?
Most importantly, does it really matter? Does it need to be done? Yeah people on reddit are full of shit, especially when it comes to bitcoin.... But the vigilantiism and Reddit PI campaigns make reddit look like a bunch of obsessive 14 year olds.
@_date: 2014-11-29 16:14:43
But they were all still wheels - a round, flat disc of some material.
Some genius then came up with an adaptation to this round-disc-on-axle concept, cut teeth in the wheel and had gears.
Now, instead of having stationary wheels, they could turn those wheels. And wheels are still in use today.
I'm not saying wheels shouldn't have been used until they were perfect - I'm saying that the wheel was an amazing starting point for some truly revolutionary developments, and if they'd focussed on perfecting the wheel as a wheel and not looking for other potential uses for that invention, we'd still be cavemen.
@_date: 2014-01-13 15:30:17
And in everyone's permanent block chain, taking gb's of data, septillions of messages by 14 year old girls giving running commentaries of their lives.
@_date: 2014-08-15 11:49:44
You'd also be hard pressed finding an experience for $800 that compares to a dirty hippy fucking you up the arse with your own wallet. 
...No wait, that's the burning man experience.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:16:02
i think the article you linked kind of proves how impossible this would be to use to attack a bitcoin private key.
First of all it's a bruteforce process, the same as cracking any other private key. We all know that attempting to bruteforce one particular private key is just a stupid idea.
Secondly, you're adding numerous cpu-heavy processes here - generating the string, rendering it to an image, comparing that to another image, pixel by pixel.
I think OP would be pretty safe.
@_date: 2014-11-29 13:53:59
What's the nonsense? Sorry for possibly disagreeing with you. I think you're missing my point, I'll try and explain it closer to home. 
Someone developed encryption. Woot! What an achievement! Ok, now we need to get everyone to adopt this encryption and become more secure.
Someone creates an encryption client which utilises thisclient encryption. Although its an awesome client with a huge community behind it (think truecrypt). It's complicated to use, and if someone gains access to your PC, they can obtain your private keys. There's also rumours surrounding its developer's integrity, and the government spreads propaganda about terrorists using it. Sounding familiar?
So this scares the general public, and a decade later, no one is using encryption. Still.
Someone develops SSL. Suddenly everyone is using encryption. Problem solved, and it's easy for the public.
My point is that we're still viewing this technology as just the difficult, insecure client, and we're trying to solve our problems around that - not what we can do with the overall potential of the technology.
I'm not saying the currency, bitcoin, is a bad thing at all - I'm just saying that rather than churning out GeneriCoin branches and simply 'running' bitcoin, we should also start seeing projects which utilise the block chain in a non-monetary fashion.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:10:23
Its unfortunate that idiots perpetuate this myth.
@_date: 2014-11-29 14:04:27
Excellent! And its great that these security concerns are being exposed. Now, if cryptocurrency isn't widely adopted in its current form, everyone's forgets about it and there's no other projects using this awesome technology, what was the point of bitcoin? Do we throw the block chain in the recycle bin and call it a day?
Or do we continue with something else using a block chain, which has benefited from the experience of bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-09-02 16:48:59
Just stroll through this karma magnet is asked at least once every 72 hours, not much has changed since last time.
@_date: 2014-11-29 16:27:59
I once formatted and reinstalled my PC and started downloading my software. BAM. Blaster. PC restarts. Damn. 
Format again.
Once it was done reinstalling, I connect my dialup again. Not even 30 seconds later, Blaster. 
You asshole, Blaster.
@_date: 2014-11-29 06:26:03
If bitcoin keeps going the way it is (no further innovation), she won't. 
Bitcoin is in its infancy. Its a proof of concept which has been mistakenly half assedly consumerised in its beta form.
Bitcoin in its current form is like trying to sell go karts in a car yard. Its got all the essentials to 'go' but its certainly not built for, or safe enough for the average consumer yet.
We need to be treating "bitcoin" as a product and "block chain" as the technology.
We're so blinded by the title "bitcoin" we think it's the be all and end all of cryptocurrency, but we really need to start looking at ways to better implement the *blockchain concept* (further than blandwagon coins) in a way which is more secure and user friendly, completely independent of the current client and ledger - only after a massive evolution will 'mom' ever feel confident using cryptocurrency - but there's fat chance of that with the dev club being the way they are.
Satoshi designed a ledger book, that's it - and banking systems need a LOT more than just a ledger.
@_date: 2014-11-29 02:50:49
Why does reddit need to do embarrassing, harrassy hero shit like this?
Did someone go handing out capes?
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:59:09
{Y}you[']r[e] putting a huge target on your back with that post[;]
{Y}you really should of{have} taken your name {off of}? that , we know who you work for , you don[']t know who I work for[;]
{T}thats all {I}i[']m gonna{going to} say{ -}, delete your {R}reddit  [account] asap{ASAP}.
**That's 17 corrections to a 43 word post. You've got nothing to worry about; You're dealing with an unintelligent 12 year-old.**
@_date: 2015-05-03 10:01:17
You didn't hear the american justice system forced someone to hand over all their bitcoins after a major lawsuit involving a dark market website?
Sure its not controlled by the powers that be, but they sure can control what you do with it if they want to.
@_date: 2015-05-12 02:47:12
And here I am constantly getting down voted for saying that we need to stop being obsessed with bitcoin and start using and developing with the technology it was designed on - the blockhain.
Bitcoin wasn't Satoshi's point. It was his use-case. We took it a bit too seriously and lost sight of the real technology behind it.
Bitcoin to blockchain is like browser games to the internet. It may be a fantastic use for it, and it may be all some people know of it, but its most certainly not the best use of it.
@_date: 2015-05-16 08:52:13
This is the kind of thing im talking about when people constantly downvote me for saying that bitcoin is not the be-all-and-end-all of blockchain technology.
While bitcoin is a fantastic case-study, things like land title registries, voting registries and other ledger-type records which are frequently obscured by corrupt governments are a fantastic use for the technology along with currency.
@_date: 2015-08-22 11:48:30
Auto moderator is the reason for me not ever bothering participating in a new sub. I like to use a new name for each sub to avoid a paper trail, and I end up signing up, trying to post a reply, it gets blocked and then by the time I'm passed the vetting period, the reply has lost relevance. Yet another record in reddits username database that will never be used due to the automoderator.
@_date: 2015-09-12 03:03:42
It worked perfectly.
Written like poetry, executed swiftly like a guillotine.
It achieved its purpose, end to end. Maybe not the purpose you wanted, nor I. But its intended purpose was indeed achieved.
Far from a failure, this is why we don't trust the US government.
@_date: 2015-03-27 13:37:11
Well yeah credit for that I guess, but if the "large scale infrastructure" was for an actual useful purpose rather than solely keeping score of internet points, then it might hold some more merit..
Humans are capable of creating a large scale infrastructure, but incapable of seeing beyond the original intent of that infrastructure.
EVERY time I've commented anything along the lines that BTC is useless compared to the potential of the block chain technology, I get down voted by BTC-holding neckbeards.
Honestly, we've spent so much time and effort focussing on a single purpose for this technology, rejecting any advancement other than clonecoins, and still trying to tout its usefulness? So much time and energy hashing out useless numbers, all for what?
We've found the fastest way to do ONE FUNCTION. Hardly efficient, hardly groundbreaking, hardly worth raising an eyelid about.
Where's the diversity? Where's the innovation? Where's the fallback plan when people give up on BTC as a currency because the community is too blind to progress?
Cloud computing, clusters and supercomputers are old tech. The block chain innovated the communication and innovated ledgers, but not much more.
I guess my point is that we don't want the financial system to be based on BTC as such - its a concept currency and always will be. What we do want is the financial system to be based on a blockchain technology of sorts, in order to eliminate corruption and fractional bullshitting to create convenient cash out of debt.
@_date: 2015-03-27 13:44:57
If you can't perform more than ONE function, it's most *certainly* not a computer.
@_date: 2015-03-27 19:52:28
Feels a bit lame carrying this on, but your points are just so irresistibly debatable.


The original use of the concept did actually separate the blockchain &amp; verifiability concepts from currency. Currency had nothing to do with it. Satoshi innovated on a pre-existing idea which was around probably a decade prior.


It keeps track of a few numbers. Yes, it's useful right now because some people find value in those numbers, but in it's current form, Bitcoin is essentially a glorified counting mechanism which involves massive amounts of energy to ensure number 2 comes after number 1. That number is then used to reference a simple packet of data.


This is akin to "internet -&gt; mp3" or "internet -&gt; voip"... We're just using an infrastructure. We're throwing the same data over the same protocols that we have been since the 80's. Online currency could be done in any number of ways, obviously a technology akin to the blockchain would be ideal for this.


See above


Zero barriers???? Oh, you're so blinded by your love for btc. Where do we start? It's impossible to get USD into an exchange via a trustworthy method. There's the most bigest hurdle. Once you've got BTC, you have to guard it with safeguards only your town nerd understands. Leave it in an exchange and it's seemingly inevitably going to get hacked or goxed. I guess fear isn't a barrier....? And what about the volatility? there's another barrier. Inability to use it anywhere useful? Barrier.
This is starting to make me sound like i don't believe in, or like BTC. I do. But so called enthusiasts seem to refuse to admit it's simply a beta - a proof of concept - and refuse to move onto what it potentially could be. Bitcoin and blockchain are simply magic. Just don't get stuck on something in lieu of something greater, just because you've thrown cash into it.
@_date: 2015-03-27 13:01:26
"Fastest computer in the world" 
...if all you need to do is hash SHA256... Pretty useless in the grand scheme. Thousands of times faster at being useless for any other computing purpose than any other supercomputer in the world.
I'm a btc enthusiast but fuck this circlejerking.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:22:22
So weak you've got nothing on them? Where's your debate for the supposedly weak "retort"? 
I'm seeing down votes because you're all confused.. But not seeing any meaningful response. You're not liking what you're reading because you're holding, but you know its true...
@_date: 2015-03-27 13:15:28
However to perform computations, said computer needs to be programmed.
Compute (50/5) without being programmed to know what "/" means...
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:19:42
This is my entire point... Why all the down votes?
@_date: 2013-12-29 05:45:55
I'm personally against the "revolutionist" approach of this poster. This attitude is what will scare patriots and general law-fearing people away from Bitcoin, thinking that participation in this whole "Bitcoin" hoohah is going to implicate them in some kind of illegal activity or organisation.
Of course this is just my opinion, but I think we should be marketing the benefits of Bitcoin rather than the perceived possibility of 'overthrowing' some kind of government institution - just to stay on the safe side.
Additionally, there's actually a word for when you use the wrong 'turn of phrase' and it comes out to mean the opposite of what you meant, which applies for "let them eat cake" in this context. If I remember the word, I'll link to wiki.
[edit] Remembered, but it doesn't perfectly apply in this case. 
@_date: 2013-04-29 04:49:07
It's all well and good to 'decide' they'll tax on it - but I think it was a decision made by someone who doesn't understand how the currency works.
What many people don't understand is that by design, BTC can NOT follow a majority of the conventions (read: bullshit) fiat currency does. And this is a good thing.
@_date: 2013-08-11 13:45:19
I think the possibility of a "Better" cryptocurrency emerging has already been destroyed by Bitcoin late-adopters lamenting the fact they caught on late, and flooding the market with bullshit "alt coins" which hardly offer any new tech or advantage over Bitcoin.
As a result, most people see any 'new' cryptocurrency as complete bullshit, just one-of-this-weeks-noobs and pass it by. I think when a better technology does indeed emerge, no one's going to notice.
The ones which actually do offer some kind of innovation are quickly denounced because of all the get-rich-quick miners not being able to get rich quick.
This is just the pattern I've picked up on since late last year.
@_date: 2013-04-27 03:54:58
but everyone knows one of those "I just saw this fancy new gizmo on TV and I have to buy one" people who watch Fox, have no idea about technology but want to be the first of their friends to "have one" :P
@_date: 2013-05-02 11:55:00
Unfortunately, by the time BFL has shipped their initial batches, network difficulty will have increased tenfold. I ordered early, did the math, and cancelled within a few days after discovering by the time I'd receive it I would have a 2 year ROI at best.
@_date: 2013-04-29 04:30:40
it's got nothing to do with Bitcoin really - Bitcoin's just the 'thing' that people want in exchange for wasting their time. If people wanted "Internet Points" which could be accumulated and spent in a video game, there would be sites offering those instead of Bitcoins. There's also sites that pay USD to solve the captchas.
It all comes down to what people need done, and what people will accept in exchange for those tasks. Once/If the bitcoin hype dies off and no one cares about Bitcoin, those particular BTC-for-captcha websites will cease to exist, or will change to offer a pittance of USD.
It's kind of similar to thinking drug trade "taints the repuation" of the US Dollar - It doesn't.. it's just what *some* people decide to use it for.
@_date: 2013-04-28 18:28:39
One explanation:
Black hat and grey hat marketers use software such as SickSubmitter and xRumer to auto-submit, signup, and perform other actions such as post links on blogs and other websites.
These websites often ask the user to fill out a captcha in order to make a post, add a link to a signature, or to verify repeated requests. The marketer then goes to a site such as deathbycaptcha.com and buys a few thousand solves for a few bucks. Through an API interface, these captchas are fed to people all over the world, who sit around solving them for a pittance, and feed the result back to the bot software which in turn enters it into the web form.
But that's naughty.
@_date: 2013-04-27 03:16:55
Well, the timer's now adding into the negatives...definitely seems legit.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:32:41
If you order today, you won't get it for months. BFL alone are churning out &gt;700TH within their first few batches, which means by the time you receive your Jalapeno, network hashrate and therefore difficulty will have risen so high that although your hash rate is lighyears ahead of your GPU, it will be as effective as owning a very low end GPU when everyone started GPU mining.
This also does not take into account the fact that there are other soon to be mass producing ASIC manufacturers, in addition to Avalon now flogging out their warez.
@_date: 2013-08-05 12:39:42
I agree. The site needs far more added value, or a much higher content and SERP rating so that prospective advertisers can actually see a point in paying.
I wouldn't bother with a free account which eventually has to be paid for, unless I know people are going to find me.
Spending on Google AdWords or other CPC source would likely bring a far higher ROI at this time.
@_date: 2013-04-29 04:59:08
No smartphones (and therefore browsers) currently allow QR scanning natively, however on android the QR-code reading app can pass an "Intent" to the browser which contains the QR's information. When clicking an appropriate trigger in *any* app including *any* browser, this will trigger the barcode scanning app.
The iOS calls requests to external apps for QR codes as well - though I don't develop for iOS so I'm unsure of the technicalities behind it.
Basically, any mobile device is QR-capable via *any* application, including the browser, if there is a suitable peice of software installed.
@_date: 2013-12-22 03:56:52
the last thing we need to do is enlist the reddit investigators and get the wrong guy killed.
On the other hand, with my dealings with CrazyDomains (this domains' registrar) and having to get updates performed on my clients' domain names and such, It seems they don't ask for account verifications, and are very easy to social engineer. Maybe you can just call up crazydomains, claim to be the owner, and make some irreversible changes to the domain name ;)
@_date: 2013-04-29 05:13:09
What happens is exactly what's hapenning now, in every industry, when any resource becomes overly expensive - develop a more efficient way to deal with the process, or get out while you're still in the green.
Mining, when it became over 'popular', shifted to a more efficient GPU processing method. When that method was overpopularised, the people who made their money getting in early shifted to FPGA. repeat with the ASIC's we're seeing now.
It all comes down to some people giving up, the others continuing, and a few key players willing to invest in a more efficient method. Miners will usually never sell their coins below kWh mining value unless they're desperate, and this will always keep bitcoin *around* the price of electricity due to the self-regulating nature of it.
While there are still block rewards, the price of bitcoin will most likely rise, while jumping at each reward halving - as long as people remain interested.
@_date: 2013-04-29 04:43:37
A form of payment where the name DOESNT show up on a bill for your wife or bank manager to see?
This one's a no-brainer!
@_date: 2013-04-23 15:34:14
Name Server: NS1.FREEHOSTINGNOADS.NET
Name Server: NS2.FREEHOSTINGNOADS.NET
That's enough to deter me.
@_date: 2013-04-27 16:32:55
Everyone seems to be thinking along the lines of profiting from Bitcoin investment rather than using it to protect the value of a current holding of fiat.
I may be mistaken, but I think OP just wants to know if his money will be secure in BTC while the JP gov play with everyone's cash.
I think it's a good idea, considering the fact that despite a few corrections after hype-induced spikes, the btc has been on a pretty fast rise considering its circulation time.
*Right now* I would **not** put all my money in BTC. I would definitely wait until there's *some* sense of stability. Maybe a few months will smooth things out, but its far too volatile at this time.
@_date: 2013-12-29 23:48:22
Democracy is giving the people the right to choose - which we have absolutely no right to do when it comes to our monetary system. This kind of 'power taking' people talk about with bitcoin is certainly a revolutionist approach - though maybe not in the 'Che Guevara' sense that most people think of when revolutionism is mentioned.