@_author: horrorfuxx
@_date: 2019-03-02 14:56:10
no. im not like everyone else who likes to ask questions.  I prefer to be silent. So i make sure i get things right before asking  a human to help mess it up further xD. This is my 24/7  babysitting demons in flesh form. Also organizing the humans against them. I suppose me openly calling for the destruction of the illuminati is what makes them mess everything up around me so i dont have time to work a job or make friends or have a family or sleep or bathe etc
 Like i said the site shows the green checkmark. Then it sends me a verification code as if im logging in It also had other errors last time i used it. This site 50% of the time has a problem.
@_date: 2019-01-14 16:48:38
why wouldnt bitcoin work if the govt works with it? The  United Empires of White Supremacy (aka the govts) genocides entire nations who refuse to worship USD or provide their other currency aka oil (its actually called the petrodollar for a reason) . WHy would the govt not protect bitcoin the same way you protect your fiat?  I dare the arabs to oppose bitcoin as much as they oppose being invaded by those carrying the USpetrolD flag.  What fantasy realm do you live in where there is some moron who disrespects the bitcoin, the USA flag, or the USD?  They would be beaten to a pulp and made an example of just like anyone who burns a flag or a USD or insults the vassal states in the middle east.  Next theyll tell us "no bitcoin" is the only true god and its true cause its in a book they wrote that says so!
@_date: 2019-01-14 17:00:06
well to conspiracy theorist bitcoin isnt the united empire Of Whtie supremacy govts and its anon and free. SO you could avoid paying taxes to the United  Empires Of White Supremacy and funding their global terrorism which for many of us is funding the cops to beat us and kidnap us and rob our own families, more than they already do constantly. If i were black and i believed bitcoin conspiracy theorists that the bitcoin is safe cause invisible god said it is, then i wouldnt dare touch the USD again. Paying taxes to UK, USA, Australia, is many people funding their own peoples genocide. Should the 5 americans who invaders didn't kill when they invaded america in the 1700s, should they pay taxes? no they dont. their reservations are tax free.   thats some srs stuff there. The natives refuse to pay taxes to fund their own genocide further.  So should all people inside these empires including whites who arent traitors to the human race
@_date: 2013-12-04 17:34:52
No doubt a jewish global banker is trying to sell you something based upon faith in invisible people using the bible they wrote to deceive people with. Obey the invisible spook gods goyim!
@_date: 2013-12-04 17:30:47
Where is it located? did I post it in r/LittleDickKidsAreStuidAsFuckAndWishTheyCOuldGraspOneMillionthOfWhatIKnow?
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:03:14
I did predict it would be profitable.  Pyramid schemes backed by shady people who hide themselves are always profitable if you jump on early. The top of the pyramid always wins in this world! Look at the welfare state of Israel sucking off the world. They got a pyramid in the middle of their govt halls so big (and meaningful) the eye at the top literally peeks out of the building! Our dollar has a pyramid. Pyramid schemes make a killing often!
 What I can tell you is anyone who calls something secure on the internet, is the same noob me and my friends ran proggie trains on back in the day. Have fun with your one world currency backed by people who feel a need to hide who they are. That wont last long in the form its in. The ATMS have hand scanners and morons with no tech skills are still saying in mass "its secure". its secure like the asshole of a dog when around that Psychology quack Frued and he gets horny. 
 If you are literate enough you might notice I never said it will "fail". I dont think its meant to fail if the global banker/jewish ran media advertises it.  Anon did a GREAT job, of distracting protesters into doing NOTHING to benefit themselves. OWS, did a great job, of doing NOTHING! The tea party that the govt took over and labeled a few clowns as such, did a majorly successful job of NOTHING! Obama the media advertises him, and its lie lie lie, and they know it, but they lie too!
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:01:23
replace the word secure with anonymous?
 Ill break it down to a few questions.
1. Person you dont know, never heard of, and much much less evidence exists that that person even exists than jesus markets something to sell you; buy or no buy?
2. Do you think handprint scanners at an ATM makes you anonymous when making the transaction?
3. If the DHS, NSA, FBI, FEDS, CIA, MOSSAD, China, Russia, have their hands on something would you consider that information as "secure" and "anonymous", and if so how long?
4. IF YOU HAVE EXPERIENCE IN THE INTERNET UNDERGROUND, where the hackers, crackers, phishers, and freaks in general play do you really think anything done on the internet is completely Anonymous as bitcoin was being sold as before the media started cracking?
5. What does any rational person think when they find out they are being lied to for some reason?
 4 is the main question
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:39:15
The title is the question. Sorry if 19 words is a lot. The other is just information into how I have seen the computing world work and evolve for a long time summarized from many paragraphs to a couple sentences.  
   More accurate, do you think something is secure if MANY govts, the CIA, the NSA, the FBI, DHS, Mossad, etc, have their hands on it and said secure item is being sold by a person no one seems to have any proof of their existence even, and they want to scan my handprint to use the machine?
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:13:56
I work for your internet provider and we are experiencing issues with your credit card billing. Please provide us with your credit card information again so we can double check and make sure its the right information in the system to prevent interruptions in your internet service. Sorry we are experiencing problems and thank you for your time.
@_date: 2013-12-04 06:27:37
Jesus should play Sotashi. These two are indistinguishable.
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:11:57
And I predicted it would be an investment that makes money. Much as I did google in the 90s when it was ASK being advertised and not google. My personal analyzation of the algorithm made me say "this is the future".
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:50:10
Its secure though kiddies! Come on the internet is safe. They only want your handprint scan at the first bitcoin ATM because they think your hand is pretty! There is no one like me and my friends out there phishing for 1000s of passwords a day and virusing everyones computer for shits and giggles. No one ever invented BBS warez scene to trade highly illegal shit and then the BBS themselves were used to infect people who had the gall to touch that highly illegal shit. No one! No govt entity like the Fed reserve (or highly secretive asain conman((maker of bitcoin)) would create a ponzi scheme of wealth to then transfer all that wealth back to them while litterly creating more money out of thin air that really isnt there!   Obviously this is all just random bullshit I invented in my head! Im gonna head over to IRC where we have "secure" warez trading goin on . Oh you say IRC is no longer secure? Oh wait you say IRC wasnt ever secure?  Thats conspiracy theory talk! Buy me a tin foil hat and call me crazy but I know for a fact this shit sounds rotten as fuck.
@_date: 2013-12-04 06:55:01
How dare you question our lord jesus!!!! You will go to hell if you do not have faith son! 20 lashes!!