@_author: horus_cryptsy
@_date: 2014-08-20 05:55:53
Glad to see you had 2fa enabled :) It really is the best way to stay safe. I recommend doing a full virus/malware scan, as well as try to think of any sites you may have used the same info on. Change any passwords on sites you use the same info for too. I also recommend against installing any crypto browser extensions.
Thank you
@_date: 2015-09-22 01:39:58
Ok, tweet sent. 
@_date: 2015-09-21 02:12:03
Just in response to this,  we will be offering a limited number of free withdrawals to each user in the next couple days so they may pull coins out they may have had in exchange without penalty. I understand people being upset over lack of communication. We have eliminated trade fees, and MOST users will benefit. If you do not withdrawal a lot of times everyday you should be ok with the new fee structure. Trades are free! no more trade fees. A lot of people were paying a lot in trade fees everyday, this decision will be great for some customers, not as great for others, but still not a bad deal. Be on the look out for some great new features from Cryptsy with Cryptsy 2.0 . I think a lot of people will be very happy with the new changes. I jut more or less added this to let people know that they will get a few free withdrawals over next couple days, so no need to panic or claim coins are "held hostage" .   Thank you everyone for your time, have a great evening. :)
@_date: 2015-09-21 03:43:34
The feeshares will be paid out of fees collected by exchange, even withdrawal fees. They will still be paid from fees generated on site. 
@_date: 2015-04-25 20:13:35
Ok, I will try to be the voice of reason.  Those in the community who know me, know that I was firmly against Paycoin Masternodes in the past. We now have a Masternode and these are my thoughts on it. --
The Hyperstake WAS crazy - 350% a year was insane. With the compund interest it was even worse. The new team for paycoin has removed the 350% and made all nodes levels 100% stake a year. With the severe price drop in XPY this really isn't that much money- Cryptsy isn't even actually profiting from ownership of the masternode. Before, only Paycoin foundation close friends and Garza could control nodes, making it super centralized ( ownership of the nodes). This was not a good thing as once all the masternodes agree on something, they can change the code. The new paycoin team is selling masternodes to third parties -- such as ourselves and other exchanges -- to help decentralize ownership and make decisions a more fair and more democratic procedure. 
This in turn will help the price of paycoin actually level out. Even if the company that made the coin were scammers, the innocent investors should not be burned. We realize a lot of people put a lot of money into it and we want to try to help the paycoin ecosystem to take some of the sting away. 
I also want to point out our Admins have never "Hyped" the coin in our trollbox. I defy anyone to send me a screenshot or proof of it. We do hold to those standards at Cryptsy. If a Mod on the other hand did it, if you send proof, they will be let go. I personally have faith in our mods and severely doubt they did that. 
Anyways, We were not "in" on a scam since the beginning, or at all. Any suspicious activity done by the Paycoin Team was reported as is required by law in our jurisdiction. Owning a node is a way to try to help the coin community instead of just shunning them. I hope this has helped clear things up a little for the reasonable ones, although I know some are just looking for a fight on something they don't fully understand.
I will say that I do fully understand the skepticism -- Paycoins old team screwed a lot of people. Hopefully with the new ( less decentralized ) masternode system -- and a much cheaper coin -- things can actually start to work out.
Thank you, 
Horus