@_author: horuscryptsy
@_date: 2016-01-13 05:29:28
This is a scam fake email and SMS. We are currently investigating. As I get more info I will post it
@_date: 2016-02-18 23:09:02
So why doesn't bitcoinity post his GPG/PGP signed message?   When it gets cleaned up, he should post on his page it was a misunderstanding.  Not sure why something like this had to go public, doesn't make sense if he wasn't sending signed messages, that's just good security. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 23:40:21
Sorry I do not work there anymore. This is my name on here, I should change it. 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:35:06
As far as I know, the logs are only removed AFTER the funds are fully returned. When someone logs in and funds were moved to cold, there will be a record under transfers out. 
They should not be removed before that. I understand if you have a bitter taste in your mouth over it if your funds were not actually fully returned before transfer out logs were removed. This would be an error on our end if it were the case.
I am sincerely asking for your username or support ticket number so that I may resolve the issue, pay you any funds owed and compensate extra if needed.
I can also give you my word that I will look into a safe option to better inform users of funds being moved to cold storage and inquire about leaving the transfer logs in accounts so they may be viewed at a later date as well.
Thank you, 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:14:55
TOS of a service are the Terms of Service of our Service.
You seem bent on arguing instead of actually reading TOS or getting the issue resolved. 
I will look into safe options to inform users their funds are going to cold storage. 
No one has stolen anything. As I said, give me your account in PM or by support ticket and I can resolve any issues you are having. 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:25:06
as I explained, a lot of the times when someones account is compromised, so is their email. This is the reason we no longer offer 2fa through email as a option. Those attacks are just too prevalent.
I will look into safe options to inform users and come to something that will work for everyone.
Thank you, 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:04:43
I will look into the issue of transfers out being removed. I know it is common practice in this circumstance.
I also know you should read the TOS of a service you use as it clearly says what happens in this case.
Again, the amount of users who have email compromised AND account compromised at same time are higher than I would like. The few who actually use different credentials does not outweigh those who do not. 
As I said, please PM me your username so I can go over account and resolve the issue for you.
Thank you, 
@_date: 2015-03-25 18:54:35
Hello Community, 
I am Horus from over at Cryptsy. So when an account is inactive for a certain period of time, the funds are transferred to cold storage as a security measure. This happens a little quicker for people without any 2fa protecting account but either way it will happen if account is left for too long. The odds of an account being compromised after that long inactive grow greater and greater as so many users (against our advice)use the same logins across multiple sites. So for security of the coins they are transferred to cold storage. When you do log back into account, and notice coins are gone, you can contact support and they will return the coins immediately. I understand it can be a small inconvenience, but it is less inconvenient than potentially losing you coins to a hack. The other sad truth is that way too may people use same password on email and Cryptsy so if your email was compromised ad they compromised your Cryptsy account, if we sent out a warning email, the hacker would then know to request the coins. Once the coins are transferred back from cold storage, the transfers out disappear. This happens for every instance of this case, not just yours. If you private message me your username, or create a support ticket and address it to me I can go over your account personally and make sure all of your coins were returned. If they werent, I can return them and compensate you extra for the inconvenience. 
I understand your frustration and just want to stress that it is a security measure. If you notice transfers out of account and a 0 balance contact support and they can resolve it for you. Section 27 of our Terms of Service also clearly outlines this scenario. 
"27. Dormant Accounts 
A Dormant Account is defined as a user account with no login or other activity for more than 180 days. Cryptsy may, but shall not be obligated to, move funds out of the account and into a secure Cold Storage account for safe keeping. When a user resumes activity on a dormant account, the Cold Storage funds can be retrieved by contacting support for a security review and reinstatement. "
If you have any more questions or concerns, please feel free to email me anytime at Horus and I will be happy to discuss any questions you may have.
Sorry again for the inconvenience and have a great afternoon.
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:46:35
I will look into options or ways of making it safer. 
I know this includes emails and I will strive to make something happen that everyone can agree on.
Thank you for your understanding, 
@_date: 2015-03-25 20:14:52
It should exist. Please email me and I will help you sort it out.
Horus