@_author: hoslfeifsf
@_date: 2016-08-02 21:13:33
@_date: 2016-08-02 22:04:02
@_date: 2016-11-26 00:13:48
You are a m****. Roger Ver is a honourable guy.  He does what he thinks is best for Bitcoin.  We would be better off with 2 MB blocks. Blocking segwit is just a stupid move and will result in a lower price and harm him the most  - Ver is too stubborn to see it.
@_date: 2016-11-26 01:21:53
You are a *****. I am following r/Bitcoin for over years  and disguise the community of retards at r/btc.  Now this sub has become even worse. Full of propaganda and censorship.  What a disgrace! 
Roger Ver is one of the good guys and his criticism about core is justified. Just his means and ways of handling conflics are way off.  He is going bonkers and doing more harm than good.
@_date: 2016-11-16 19:28:07
a more professional market here....
@_date: 2017-10-20 23:25:31
Dear Coinshost team,
the server I rented from you was priced in CHF, so was the invoice.  Paying in Bitcoin doesn't change the fact that in case of a refund you only have to return the invoiced amount (in CHF). I would have never expected a refund of the Bitcoin amount.  Based on your outrageous insinuation and the other bad reviews in the internet, it seems you are not doing refunds that often. 
The connectivity is not fine. First of all it takes a whopping 27 seconds (what should only take 1 second) to get a RDP connection to your server - all the time.  I have that on record. 
But back to the other problem. You cite me correctly when you say "Coinshost seems to constantly monitor and block outgoing traffic after a short while". This is true. After exchanging heavy traffic with some server, Coinshost seems to have (I assume) some anti-outgoing-ddos prevention in place that blocks suspicous traffic to affected IPs.  Such a block usually lasts a few minutes. In that time the blocked IP is not reachable on any port from the Coinshost server. This renders the server completely useless to me.  I have all of this on record (with videos) for the lawsuit to come. 
 I tested it with 3 different remote servers at distinct location. Every time the same behavior. If I run the test from any other server at any time with the very same configurations no problem exists at all. 
I provided you with exact times and exact URIs which were not reachable from my Coinshost server even the issue persists for all IPs all the time.  You ignored these information completely and never even remotely laid out which other details you need from me.  
"Unfortunately I have no time to work with you on this." It is correct that i wrote this, but what you missed to mention is that less than 1 hour after this comment I changed my mind and provided you with the exact times and URIs I had problems with.  
For the blackmailing claim: I already had published the most  important 1*  reviews when I first told you about it and this was only after you kept ignoring my requests to fix the connectivity issues. Publishing correct and honest reviews about an obvious scam is not blackmailing. 
I also want to let everyone know that you published our private conversation against my explicit request.
You left my latest deadline to fix the connectivity issues unanswered.  Also a refund or at least a partial refund was not offered. 
You will receive mail from my lawyer. 
A dissatisfied Coinshost.com customer