@_author: hotbutler
@_date: 2014-03-03 21:18:15
Our Bitcoin kiosks are not meant to be traditional ATMs. They are internet/phone kiosks with an added new Bitcoin application. When the customer pays with coins or with a credit/debit card he/she she will have the option to receive 
kiosk credits in exchange. These credits can be spent on public phone calls, sending SMS or emails or just surfing the web, or saved in their personal wallets for later use.
This new functionality of buying Bitcoin vouchers and receive them to your personal email account via our kiosks
has been available now for two weeks. 
We are constantly working with our customers to make the UI and the user experience better based on the feedback we receive.
Just like any other new application, there is always room for improvement. Right now we are in one month trial with 4 
kiosks only. After the trial period is over, we will make changes and adjustments as required. So far the project has been a success with hundreds of people using the kiosks daily. 
One of the reasons why we decided to go a different route in establishing BTC availability in some of the best and the most central locations in Finland (like airports, railway stations and harbors) is that it would be difficult to get permissions to install true BTC ATMs in these locations. We believe that it would be quite challenging to get permits to operate ATMs like Robocoin in these locations working side by side with real ATMs. 
We are BTC advocates and we hope that some day in the near future BTCs are more widely available in all locations and ATMs worldwide, but unfortunately we are not there yet today.
Meanwhile, we are trying to help in educating the public about the BTCs and one of the ways we do this is via our interactive kiosks.
The good news is that our first 4 kiosks with  Bitcoin applications are live and working well. Hundreds of people are using them every day.
We will be diligently working on enhancing our application in the coming weeks including the exchange rate matter. 
We do accept Visa, Mastercard and PayPal payments from US customers also in our web site Hotbutler.com. PayPal payments are meant for the preferred customers only and CC payments are always accepted only if the buyer is verified by Visa or by Mastercard secure code. It is easy to become a preferred customer by making a one euro purchase by using verified by Visa or Mastercard secure code service. In order to do that you must to know your secret password for your credit/debit card and your card must be supported by these services.
Again, we believe that by providing the public with more ways to engage with BTC currency will help us all in expanding the acceptability of crypto currencies.
We always look forward for your feedback. Please keep it coming! Thank you, Team Hotbutler.com.
