@_author: hotdogsafari
@_date: 2018-01-04 08:12:45
For rational actors it's easier and cheaper to use an altcoin than to mess around with segwit. The same will be true of lightning if it's ever ready.
@_date: 2018-01-02 07:05:26
It doesn't bode well for Bitcoin's future that the only real scaling option in the works is more complicated than a scaling method that's already not being adopted. (Despite the highest fees Bitcoin has ever had.) 
When I read commenters in threads like this one talking about what people will need to do to use the lightning network, I keep asking myself who's actually going to go through the trouble? Why bother with such a complicated process when there are fast, cheap, and decentralized alt coins readily available?
If Bitcoin wants to stay competitive, they're going to have to come up with something simple and easy to get the fees down. Since this doesn't seem to be the plan, I'm wondering what reason there is to invest in Bitcoin, unless you think the name alone will keep it competitive into the future.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:58:17
Red herring man. Stick to my points. I said that they COULD have got on board with a compromise, and they chose to fight compromise every step of the way.
@_date: 2017-12-07 11:07:38
Now you're making a strawman. (As though asking for all your bitcoins is somehow even remotely close to asking for a hardfork that everybody could benefit from.) So what exactly WOULD a compromise look like to you?
@_date: 2017-12-07 07:09:54
If Lightning Network delivers on its promises as well as Segwit did, then I expect it to do jack shit to help the fee problem.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:31:21


Can you concede that if the block size would have been increased in August, then Coinbase would currently be taking advantage of that extra space?
If so, can you concede that Segwit was NOT just as good as a blocksize increase? 


Sure sounds like you're blaming me (a user). If not, then what exactly were you trying to convey there?
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:50:32
Why? Because transactions are slow and unreliable. If there is a serious run on Bitcoin and everybody is looking to sell, the network will become even more clogged and I'll never be able to get my coins to an exchange fast enough to sell in time. By keeping my Bitcoin on Coinbase, I can sell right away without any fear of my Bitcoins getting stuck in Limbo. Any risk I take by leaving them on Coinbase pales in comparison to the risk having to send a Bitcoin transaction when everybody and their brother are also trying to use the Bitcoin network. I'm not moving my coins anywhere until this scaling issue is fixed.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:42:33
Any coin that is capable of replacing Bitcoin is by definition not a "shit coin." Decentralization only matters to the extent that transactions aren't censorable. In this sense, Bitcoin Cash is not centralized to any real point of concern. If this changes, and somehow in the future the cost of running a full node is so great that there's only a few and they are controlled by people that would censor transactions, then there's nothing stopping people from using a different coin to transfer wealth. There's more than a thousand to choose from. Anybody that would seek to truly censor transactions would surely make that coin worthless in the process, and people would just switch to another. This centralization fear is WAY overblown on this sub. It comes from a time when Bitcoin was the ONLY cryptocurrency, but now there's so many that any attempts to censor any will be like playing whack-a-mole.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:51:22
They could also sink the price of BTC fairly significantly. They're not going to do either because they're financially savvy enough to pace their sells and get out at maximum profit. Plus we don't know if they've already sold their BCH or not. For all we know they sold in the beginning.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:19:40
I don't even know if I do or how I would use segwit, like over 95% or Bitcoin users. I click the send button on Coinbase, and let them take care of the rest. Does Coinbase use Segwit? I don't know! But if it's too complicated for them to integrate, then maybe just maybe Segwit wasn't just as good as a blocksize increase.
It's a really shitty perspective to blame the user for the fee problem on Bitcoin because they're not technologically literate enough to know how to use Segwit.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:51:19


Not if this sub, and the people that were trying to sell segwit as a scaling solution would have gotten on board with a completely reasonable compromise. Even if it did manage to create another fork, wouldn't one fork inevitably win out. What exactly is the problem with having minority forks?


If you looked at my comment history, I supported both segwit and a blocksize increase. I had nothing against segwit, other than the fact that I didn't think it would provide the fee relief we need. I still don't see any other possibilities for immediate fee relief than a hard fork block size increase. And again, I don't see why a minority fork is scary. We have four or five now, and they're doing their own thing while Bitcoin does its own thing. I don't see why that's a problem. Furthermore, I don't see why you're arguing that a hard fork would create a minority chain, because it was a failure to hard fork that caused Bitcoin Cash.


I really don't see how this is not at least partially blaming me for the problem. It's not really my job to advocate for these changes. If the scaling solution created isn't being adopted, then maybe we need a better scaling solution. You're just placing the blame on users and wallets/exchanges.
I suspect the same thing is going to happen with lightning. Lighting will be too complicated for most services to integrate, so most wont. Fees will continue to go up, and you'll be still there blaming users and exchanges for not implementing lightning.  
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:08:55
You and I both know that segwit is too complicated for people to integrate and use, so adoption has stalled. Sure, segwit adoption MAY grow eventually, but by the time it increases to max utility, we'll have already long passed the point where we need more. We're already at that point, realistically.
@_date: 2015-12-24 05:15:54
If you think that, you should really read Jeff Garzik's write-up and reasoning behind it.
@_date: 2017-12-07 09:53:26
40% less?? Shit man, you're only paying 3$ instead of 5$?? Segwit truly WAS just as good as a block size increase. 
I convert my bitcoin into other coins if I need to send value anywhere. Way easier and cheaper than messing around with Segwit.
@_date: 2015-12-11 19:21:39
Sure, we don't have any rights to make demands, but until development becomes more decentralized, I think you have a moral responsibility to listen to our needs. If I'm understanding you correctly though, it sounds like you are operating amorally and selfishly, so I don't think I can make much headway with the moral argument. 
Money seems to be a big motivator for you so maybe I should try to make that argument. What you are doing is alienating the community, and if you persist in this direction, it could be very bad financially. Making an enemy of such a large percentage of the people that give your project value is just going to push people away. Your callous dismissal here has just pushed another person firmly into the XT camp. I was sympathetic to both sides before, but the way you've put it is: follow the side that wants to open Bitcoin up to as many people as possible and cater to the needs of holders, or follow the side that doesn't care how many people leave. Well if that is my choice, then I choose the former. That's a no-brainer really. If you continue down this path, you will continue to alienate more people and it may reach a tipping point where XT has the support to activate. That may happen sooner than any of you think if the exchanges follow through on their statement earlier this year. Another possibility is that an alt-coin comes along, gaining traction, and fully delivers on the promises of blockchain technology. You'd be making it very easy for us to leave bitcoin. 
Either way, you'd be out of a job. Either XT takes over or Bitcoin loses so much value that Blockstream no longer has incentive to program for it any longer. It seems to me that you could make so much more money by just buying actual bitcoins and working hard to bring in as many investors as possible. I know there are a lot of people, myself included, that will not buy any more as long as development remains in the state it is. 
My words are probably having little effect here, so instead, let me ask you a question. Since you don't seem to care how many holders leave Bitcoin, and since you've already stated that you are only worried about what the people paying you want... Could you please tell us what instructions Blockstream has given you regarding the block size? 
@_date: 2015-12-01 01:02:34
I don't get how you can simultaneously make the claim that that was actually Satoshi Nakamoto that made that comment and also expect us to take your claim that BIP101 will ruin Bitcoin seriously. If you are truly concerned about BIP101 you could try fostering an environment to engage in constructive dialogue instead of all this childish shit you keep doing.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:48:08
I know it would be difficult, but if miners felt they could make more profit by mining a different coin, it's reasonable that they would switch to mining that. This has already happened to some extent with alt-coins.
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:09:08
I'd call it unreliable if I don't know if my transaction will confirm in 10 minutes or two days.
Bitcoin's long term success is contingent on whether or not it will scale. Considering how poorly segwit has delivered on it's promise, I don't expect lightning to help scaling any better. Seeing how this is basically the only true scaling plan in place in the near future, I don't have much hope for it's long term success right now. The only thing it has going for it is the name and the network effect and that's the only reason I still hold it. I plan to sell all of it once I feel this bubble has reached it's peak.
GDAX was down for like ten minutes. It's up and running fine right now. Even while it was inaccessible, my sell orders executed like they were supposed to. But 10 minutes of downtime is infinitely better than the possible days it may take my transaction to confirm if I tried to use the network in a crisis selling event.
But I'm not really here to convince you of the merits of holding your coins on coinbase. If you're prepared to just hodl through a crisis selling event, then you don't really need to sell your coins quickly. I'm not prepared to go down with the ship though.
@_date: 2015-12-10 22:38:25
You do realize that there are other ways of limiting the block size besides a hard limit right? There is nothing stopping miners from imposing a soft limit to what they are capable of handling. To me, BIP101 isn't so much in the business of assuming any conditions in 2033... Except of course to assume that as the network grows, it will be harder and harder to create consensus and make a hard fork to remove a block size limit if we need to. I think that's a reasonable assumption given what we've seen so far. If we find growth needs to be limited for whatever reason, there are other ways to achieve that. But I agree with Gavin that we should plan for success, and nothing coming out of core shows me they share the same sentiment. But I'm not really too interested in debating the merits of BIP101, as that has been done by better advocates elsewhere.
I really don't understand why you would be willing to take a risk on something uncoded and untested like BIP100, when the most you're willing to risk on a blocksize increase right now is 2MB. Even SW will create a greater load on the nodes than that.
I'm also not trying to divide the network. I would prefer that we do work toward consensus, but that becomes fairly impossible if one side continues to demand tests for another 5 to 10 years while transactions have maxed out. 
@_date: 2015-12-11 20:11:45
We have a different sense of morality then. I can't convince you of my morality, but if I were in his position, I would feel morally obligated to meet the needs of as many people as possible. But I don't have the same commit access he does and cannot be in his position.
@_date: 2015-12-07 21:28:46
So you're trying to discourage groupthink? This coming from the moderator that asked anybody that disagreed with him to leave, even if it happened to be 90% of the community. This is definitely the action of a moderator that's concerned about all voices being heard.
@_date: 2015-12-11 13:33:42
The Bitcoin Wiki does not really address all the concerns I listed up here that makes most of the community hate you guys. I was giving you guys the benefit of the doubt, but that's quickly disappearing by actually talking with you. Holy crap man, it's pretty common parlance to say that when you've bought bitcoin hoping for it to appreciate in value that you've invested, but you'd rather debate semantics than spend any significant time addressing the questions of the community.
Particularly alarming was this statement:
"I mean my goal is to work on improving Bitcoin, with no concern given to how many people buy it or what the desires of people who hold it are. (Not including people who pay me to work on their specific interests, which is a real investment.)"
I submit it may be a very bad idea to have a group of developers that do not care about the needs of the people that give it value. I thought we all were in this together, but it seems like you're saying that you're only in this for whomever pays you the most. Does this mean that I have to pay you more if I actually want to block size raised? What's your price?
This is a terrible attitude to have man, and if you don't change it, you are risking losing any authority you've been given by people getting pissed enough to run XT.
@_date: 2015-12-23 05:12:47
It says that because it's just vague enough to make it sound like at some point they will increase it. But given what we've seen so far we know that: 1. They will not increase the blocksize without 100% consensus and 2. There will never be 100% consensus. Realistically, BIP202 was conservative enough for most reasonable people, but even that was rejected. If they had any realistic plans at all to increase it, they would have been more specific about it, given how much demand there is within the community to do so. 
@_date: 2015-12-18 19:07:37
I agree completely on point 1. But I think this is meant to be a compromise that both big blockers and small blockers can live with.
On point 2 I agree that it's not enough, but my understanding is that when you combine it with SW it would make it multiplicative anyway. For instance year 
1. 2MB X 4MB (SW) = 8MB
2. 3MB X 4MB (SW) = 12MB
3. 4MB X 4MB (SW) = 16MB
...and so on. Not sure if this is accurate or correct because I don't fully understand the technical side of things, but if I am, that would give us a lot more breathing room even if it's not enough to accommodate the growth we are hoping for.
@_date: 2015-12-11 13:21:26
I might agree with you if he used the words "I need" or "They need to make" but "I want" is a pretty passive voice.
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:11:22
Increasing the block size limit is required to deliver on all the potential blockchain technology has to offer. Smart contracts, for instance, which it appears Maxwell wants to keep off the blockchain, could be implemented and used in another coin.
@_date: 2015-12-18 22:23:58
Ah gotcha'.
@_date: 2015-12-10 15:19:53
Please try to keep this friendly man, I'm trying to foster some unity here. While I agree that they don't owe me anything, I think that if they want Bitcoin to grow it would behoove them to address the concerns of many of their followers.
1. To me the urgency is in growing the network effect as quickly  as possible and I think the blocksize is holding back a lot of investors. I have not invested any more and I will not until it's resolved. I'm sure many are in the same boat. I can't speak to it's urgency on a technical level, but I know Gavin already has and many agree with his assessment, and I haven't seen a good rebuttal to that.
2. I'm certainly not praising them. I'm trying to express the concerns of many in this community that I haven't seen adequately addressed.
3. I'm not shouting at them. I'm asking for an explanation here. It would be helpful to see blog posts in a sort of ELI5 way that Gavin and Mike have made in response to their claims.
4. Sure, but I don't even see anybody even coming to the table to compromise. And are you just trying to crank up the hyperbole here? Usually it takes a few hours before we prove Godwin's law.
5.  They can respond as individuals if they like. I know they aren't beholden to investors, but maybe it's a bad idea to have a currency being run by people that don't care about the people that want to use it. I'm not saying they don't but you seem to be implying that. If they don't, that's fine, I'll sell and get out of this, but I would like to know if they are interested in addressing our concerns or not. As an aside, it's awfully cynical of you to presume that ALL alts are scams. Sure there's a lot of that, but I see a lot of developers out there that are genuinely trying to explore the full potential of the blockchain technology outside the confines of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:36:40
How long do you think it's acceptable to wait? Other coins have already come out that do more and work better than bitcoin. Bitcoin is playing catch-up to many alts in this respect. As far as I can tell, the only thing Bitcoin has going for it is the Network effect, which could be lost if people are asked to wait too long. Is there a point where you think we have enough data to make a decision? There's already plenty of test data showing BIP101 working just fine.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:06:09
With the possible exception of Gemini, I'm not sure there's any company on that list that I'd trust more than Coinbase, and ultimately, 40% in savings on transaction fees just doesn't cut it for me. I'd much rather keep my Bitcoins on Coinbase, then use GDAX to convert them to Ethereum or Litecoin if I want to send some money anywhere. Cheaper and less complicated for now.
@_date: 2017-12-07 11:23:29
So a compromise to you is where one side (that correctly believed that segwit would be too complicated to be a scaling solution) gets none of what they want. All they wanted was to avoid exactly what is happening now, high fees and slow confirmation times. They got almost nothing in your version of a compromise.
Anyway, let's not get caught up on this compromise bit, because I made a lot of points that you just completely ignored. The one I want you to answer is what makes you think Lightning will deliver as promised, deliver on time, and be a simple enough that it will have better adoption than Segwit. 
This seems to be key, because you're basically saying don't worry about the fact that Steam (and many other merchants) have dropped Bitcoin as a payment option, because lightning is coming. So for lightning to solve the fee problem that's causing Bitcoin to lose retailers, it's going to have to come ASAP, it's going to have to deliver as promised, and it's going to have to be adopted quickly. Based on the performance of Segwit, I have no reason to believe any of those things to be the case.
@_date: 2015-12-12 07:09:17


You have commit privileges that others do not.


True, but what I'm arguing here is that you shouldn't take the power you have over the well-being of others financial lives so lightly. As holders, we want to be as informed as possible about our investment, and I don't think it would hurt to establish better lines of communication if you are taking that moral responsibility seriously. Even if you feel the work you are doing is for the good of the people, you could certainly help them make better financial decisions by establishing better and more open communication. That I think would make the world a better place.


Don't pretend it's that simple.


It seems the only way this is possible is if we use alternate clients like XT. Do you think things like XT are good for Bitcoin?


Sure, but you don't have to be so hostile about it. It seems there are plenty who are working to deliver on those promises that don't have commit privileges. They seem to be working in alt coins now. After this conversation, if you guys remain in charge, I'm going to be taking a much closer look at any alt-coins that gain some traction.


Nope, I'm not going to roped into either a semantics argument or a macro-economics argument, as I think you're operating on your own plane of existence in both categories.


The problem is that I don't know where Luke Jr. the Blockstream contractor begins and Luke Jr. Bitcoin programmer ends. Only you know that and while I would like believe that their financial influence couldn't affect your opinions in malicious ways, I know human nature doesn't always work that way. And so far in this conversation you've done little to show a good nature.


Let me try this another way. If XT took over, do you feel you would have the same access that Gavin and Mike do?


This is what I interpret as contempt (and ignorance):


I doubt you'll still feel that way if you push enough of them to a different system. Bitcoin's future is pretty closely tied to its financial value.
@_date: 2015-12-09 06:50:35
So someone makes an anonymous post taking your side in this Blocksize debate and claims to be Satoshi even though he left no signature. You accept that as the real Satoshi. An article is released presenting some compelling evidence for the real Satoshi, and NOW you're skepticism kicks in? Come on man.
@_date: 2015-12-10 14:39:56
1. I think the call for urgency is because we feel a solution should be ready long before it's an emergency situation. Edit: Also, I feel that it does have ill effects in that it turns people away from investing.
2. I did not yell at the developers at all. Did you even read my post? I'm expressing the concerns of a large portion of the Bitcoin community and asking that they address them. 
3. They have not been doing a very good job communicating with their detractors. And here I am posting on Reddit to give them a chance to. If they are concerned about having too much control, do you think they would open up development to a more democratic process and step down if asked?
4. The most common and frequent counterargument I've seen to BIP101 is that it would cause centralization, which seems to be a bad argument and it's what I'm addressing here. I recognize that BIP101 is already a compromise on block size, and that's why Bitcoin Unlimited exists.
5. Okay, so if the core developers are not interested in exploring all of the possibilities of the blockchain technology, I'd like to know so that I can invest accordingly. Maybe it can't be all things right now, but I think it should try to be as much as possible.
@_date: 2015-12-24 05:22:58
Not lies. Read Peter Todd, he has openly said that it never needs to be more than 1MB. And he would be required for consensus.
@_date: 2015-12-12 03:39:13


Morally speaking, I believe that those in a position of power, whatever power, have a moral obligation to use that power benevolently for the good of mankind. This responsibility comes from a desire to live in the best world possible. If you don't share that moral axiom, then I can see why you wouldn't share that moral conclusion. Now that doesn't mean that I have any expectation for people to act completely altruistically all the time, but I do think it's important for people to concern themselves with the needs of others in the actions they take. For people in a position of power, that importance is even greater. 
Like it or not, agree with it or not, you and the other core developers are in a position of power over the financial wellbeing of anybody that holds Bitcoin. You guys could implement a change that can corrupt or poison the network. You could also veto a change that would be good for the network. Many people bought Bitcoins because of talk about all the possibilities Bitcoin has to offer.  Thus far it's been unclear just how committed you are to actually seeing those possibilities come to life. If you are not going to program in a way that seeks to realize those possibilities, then you have to be honest with people about what they can reasonably expect to use Bitcoin for. For instance, the CEO of Overstock wants to use the blockchain for something Maxwell doesn't seem to think he should. I'd like to think that one day, valuable information would be able to be stored on the block chain, but if the core developers are not going to make it possible, we should definitely know. There is a moral responsibility to be honest to anybody putting money into Bitcoin to be as up front as possible about what they are actually buying. Maybe you feel you are, but I do not see a good line of communication between core developers and long-term holders.


Two things: 1. I don't have resources. At least not a lot. I don't have money to hire you. I don't have any ability to program. And even if I did, from what you've said before it seems like I have no chance of getting anything through that goes against the wishes of the people paying you, even if it was good for most of the network. I simple do not have the access that you do. I'm pretty much at your mercy. This is why I contend you're in a position of power. 2. I used to be a contractor and if you are going to define yourself as one and not an employee, then it's pretty clear that you have a choice of from whom you choose to take work. If you want to be a programmer for the people, you can choose that, or you can choose to work for whomever pays you the most. I don't know what you've chosen in your mind, but from the contempt you've shown for so many holders, it certainly doesn't feel like you've chosen a morally good client.


Are you basically saying that what Gavin and Mike are doing is trying to turn bitcoin into a scamcoin?


Nothing you have said so far has indicated to me that I can trust you when you say that.
 
@_date: 2015-12-23 05:29:20
I can see why you might say that if this were the only thing you've read from them. I've often said one day I'm going to write a book. My friends know I'm full of shit, but they can't say with 100% certainty that I won't.
Maybe one day they will end up raising the block size, but everything they've said so far shows us that it's not a priority, and that if we want it raised, we cannot count of them to do it. To me, that's been pretty abundantly clear. If we want it raised, we need new developers in charge. 
As to your claim about them being careful and methodical, so as to not break anything... Well, this has already been debated before. Bitcoin can break from inaction as well as action. If transaction fees continue to rise as a result of limited block size, Bitcoin will enter a new paradigm both technologically and economically.... one that I'm not sure it can survive given the availability of alternate cryptocurrencies which can deliver on the original promises of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:40:25
In my opinion, the only reason there is any urgency at all is because Core was threatened with XT and exchanges came out and supported BIP101. Developers knew this was going to become a problem for years and it should have been resolved before transactions started maxing out. I worry about the short run because Bitcoin's future will live or die based on the Network effect. If an alt-coin comes along which actually delivers of the promises of Bitcoin, and has the support of developers with notable names, it has a good chance of taking over. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 18:36:42
This is a terrible way of framing the argument. If such a proposal had as much support as XT does, then there probably is a damn good reason for it, and it deserves discussion. 
But since increasing the block reward to 100 btc is a terrible proposal, allowing open discussion of it would quickly show how terrible it is and any comment supporting it would be downvoted to oblivion and nobody would see it. (Unless of course you sorted by controversial, hid the scores, and didn't allow downvoted posts to be hidden. Then a lot of people would see these really bad comments.) 
There would be no need to censor such a proposal because it's a bad proposal. The only real reason to censor ANY proposal would be if it was a good proposal with a lot of community support that you personally disagreed with. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 04:02:06
I think Core developers have made it abundantly clear that they will not be raising the block size. So if we want the block size raised, we need new developers.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:35:28
Thanks, I will take a look when I get home from work.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:24:31
Link please?
@_date: 2015-12-10 16:59:33
You may be right about Mike Hearn, but it really comes across like you are demonizing him. When I read his writings, his concerns seemed sincere, and not like he was trying to make a grab for power. He even said he would prefer Gavin to run XT. To me, an alternate client never felt like an alternate coin. He made it very clear from the get go that he was trying to get the entire community behind it. I mean, if what you're saying about the Core developers not wanting to have as much control as they do is true, shouldn't alternate clients be encouraged to give the community a choice in who runs things. (I know you have a problem with that terminology, but for all intents and purposes they seem to.)
But if Hearn really has caused a stir about nothing, there are people like me that have become more sympathetic to that side because I don't really understand the core developers side at all. If they want to foster unity, it would be very useful for them to provide a mouthpiece to bring us back and help us understand their positions better.
I disagree with a lot of what you said, and much of the way you put things, but thank you for your comments.
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:45:51
Hey, you know, I thought we weren't raising the block size because it would destroy the network. I didn't know it was a matter of paying the devs more than what the other guys are paying them. Now that we know that, we just need to know what the price is to get it raised. Let's start a bidding war, right?
@_date: 2015-06-12 00:18:22
Yawn. Nothing new in this presentation.
@_date: 2015-12-09 04:52:22
I asked him before if Satoshi returned and promoted BIP101 if he would be banned. Never got a response.
@_date: 2015-12-25 03:48:33
Come on man, are you capable of having a civilized discussion? I'm challenging your assumption that no alt coin can scale if Bitcoin is incapable of it. If it is safe to raise the block size, but Bitcoin fails to, then yes, an altcoin could scale in ways Bitcoin can't. A significant portion of the Bitcoin population is unhappy with the current developers and the restraints on block size. If another coin with no blocksize limits starts gaining some traction, there's nothing to stop us moving over to it. And if it does turn out to be safe, then it will end up leaving Bitcoin in the dust. Try to think through a comment before such a hyperbolic response.
@_date: 2015-12-24 15:46:43
He doubled down on his stance about the block size like a week ago. He has been pretty consistent about it. He has alway been in favor of optimizations that do not involve raising the block size. I'm not spreading FUD. I wish I were. I see Bitcoin steadily entering a fee market as the blocks fill up and given that there are other coins that can be used, I'm not sure it can survive it. The only advantage Bitcoin has over other coins is it's network effect. That's it. If you start pushing people out of the Bitcoin Network, you risk losing that and giving it to another coin. I don't know why there are so many posters like you that are willing to defend the core developers at all costs when so many have expressed being okay with the fee market developing while Bitcoin is still very much in its infancy. This to me is the biggest risk Bitcoin has faced since its inception.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:05:51
That's probably true, but I think it would be helpful if developers would provide guidance on what applications we can expect to use the Blockchain for. The Overstock CEO for instance, would like to use it for something it seems that Maxwell doesn't support.
Also, I still don't understand this argument that bigger blockchain=centralization. As far as I can tell, that fear seems overblown.
@_date: 2015-12-24 05:21:43
Do you want the people that are calling for larger blocksizes to leave bitcoin for an alt coin? Because that's the route we're heading down. What do you think that will do for the price?
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:15:15
Come on man, let's try to keep this civil. I don't see demands there. I only see what he wants and a statement about what potential investors are looking for.
@_date: 2015-12-18 21:51:21
I'm pretty sure he knows that. I think he's just saying that it increases fast enough to create supply shock.
@_date: 2015-12-12 14:13:35
Okay, I'm going to give up on most of this conversation because it's all too apparent that you'd rather play a semantics game and pretend like you are not in a unique position of power and this is getting annoying. I also think you're pretty naive if you think that corporate interests can have no influence over your opinion while they simultaneous ensure you a steady income and financial security. But you know yourself better than me.
The only thing that I think might still be productive is responding to some of the things you've asked of me.


I do take my responsibilities seriously, and I've been trying to make an informed decision. This has been difficult when the level of openness and communication coming from Core developers has been so bad. This is why I made this reddit post in the first place. I do thank you for engaging me here, because now I feel better equipped to make the right decision and run and advocate XT. I was initially hoping to bring more unity to the community, but the only thing that's really happened is I've better understood where Mike Hearn has been coming from and why he released XT in the first place.


Well, this is kind of a no-brainer, right? The more financially valuable it gets, the more power it and long terms holders will have, the less dependent on centralized money we will be. Also, rising prices tend to turn more people on to the idea of Bitcoin. Do you think that if the price was still at one dollar that we'd have the same number of users right now? On the other end, the less financial value it has, the more likely it is to fade to obscurity, or the more likely another coin is to take over. This is why I don't think it's a good idea to simply ignore or dismiss the promises made by others. There are a lot of people that want to see those promises fulfilled, and if Bitcoin isn't going to be the coin to do it, they're going to find one that will.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:42:29
You can't use XT as the scapegoat when the blocksize problem was known and existed years before XT.
@_date: 2015-12-11 02:06:45
That would be ideal, right? I'm not holding my breath though. I think if by some miracle Wright is Satoshi and does have a plan, it will have to be something other than what's already been presented. Something that nobody has ever thought of. If it's not that, then I don't think the core developers will compromise even for Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-12-10 17:04:43
To me, if that's their path forward, they are not really addressing the concerns of much of the community, as so many of us dread the idea of revisiting this debate again in a few years, presumably when there will be so many more people with so many more opinions. Consensus will be even harder then.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:26:26
I'd disagree. This debate has fractured the community and pushed a lot of people out. To say nothing about investors that have stayed away until this is resolved.
@_date: 2015-12-11 03:06:16
Thank you for your response here, although suffice it to say, your answers have left me wanting better explanations. Would you guys consider writing a series of blog posts addressing these issues more in depth? I think it would do a lot to help bring unity to the system.
To give you a small idea where I'm coming from, saying things like "buying or holding bitcoins is not an investment" makes zero sense to me. Are you using some oddly specific definition of "invest"?
Here's the dictionary definition: "expend money with the expectation of achieving a profit or material result by putting it into financial schemes, shares, or property, or by using it to develop a commercial venture." 
In short if me buying bitcoin in hopes of achieving profit isn't an investment, I don't know what is. So when you say you do not have a goal to drive more people to invest, I really have no idea what you mean. Could you try to explain your answers a little better?
@_date: 2015-12-13 17:48:39


Well somehow the message hasn't gotten out. Consider Patrick Byrne: 
Reading Maxwell, I get the sense that he's not going to be able to do this. But admittedly he doesn't really write for people that aren't more familiar with the technical side of Bitcoin, so I don't really know. Is Byrne going to be able to use the bitcoin blockchain for what he intends?


The promises of blockchain technology are far more than just another payment system. 


That's one hell of a slippery slope argument, don't you think? No investors want to see the value and uniqueness of their coins drop through some sort of QE. I haven't seen miners express any interest in this either. I don't think this is a legitimate fear, but if in some distant year in the future, we've found that Bitcoin is the main form of currency in the world, and it's deflationary nature is not doing what we hoped and is hurting the world economy, don't you think we should be open to that kind of change as well? As fas as I'm concerned, I think Bitcoin should be very open to implementing changes to accommodate future needs.
@_date: 2015-12-11 20:41:38
That's not really the same thing though. I think it's completely fair to expect people with power over me and my money to wield that power benevolently. In fact, U.S. Law seems to agree with me. CEOs and Money managers are expected to listen to and meet the needs of investors. But I'm really not interested in having a moral debate with you. It's fine if you have a different sense of morality than I do. I'm not looking to convert you.
In answer to your second point. How far do you think I'd get if I actually did the things you suggested. Luke openly admitted that his actions are decided by who is paying him. If the same happens to be true for all Core developers, then it doesn't really matter how much my ideas have merit if it goes against the wishes of people paying them. Don't pretend like Bitcoin development is some big open system where the best ideas win. Like every other big institution it seems big money wins. Changing the way it's currently run is damn near impossible the way it's set up.
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:09:34
Investors were worried about the block size long before XT. Even on just a personal level, I have not put in as much as I would have if I didn't know this is a looming issue.
@_date: 2015-12-24 23:24:34
You know, it is possible that raising the block size is just fine, as many developers believe it to be. That's how an alt-coin could scale while Bitcoin is left in the dust.
@_date: 2015-12-10 20:22:00
The rush is that there are a lot of people that would like to get into Bitcoin, whether through direct investment, or through using the blockchain, but can't or won't until this gets fixed. Financial markets don't respond well to uncertainty. This is a problem because it can hinder the network effect and stall our growth. If we want Bitcoin to become mainstream, we have to remove every possible barrier to entry to get as many people on board as possible. But yes we want to scale safely, which is why this should be top priority.
@_date: 2015-12-27 14:27:44
Yeah, that's a false dichotomy you're creating.
@_date: 2014-11-06 21:45:45
I can see there is less than 400 comments in this thread, so I promise you I will try not to get ripped off. I unfortunately already learned this lesson the hard way by preordering a BFL miner. This is something that needs to be discussed more.
@_date: 2014-11-14 16:48:43
Screw this game. I played it for about five minutes and it asked me if it could send push notifications. I said no and put it away. In the course of ten minutes I got 3 push notifications. This game is the pinnacle of shitty freemium modern gaming.
@_date: 2014-09-23 03:00:05
This would give me a chance to figure out how changetip works! I'd very much appreciate it!
@_date: 2014-11-13 17:07:06
Howdy! I know that Coinbase isn't really set up like an exchange, but I would love to have some advanced account options like an exchange. Being able to set a stop loss and limit buy or sell would be nice. I don't think a lot of users would use these options as most people would just use an exchange, but since I do all my purchases on CB, I would be able sleep easier with a limit buy in place. I would also love it if Coinbase had a quick and easy way of showing my cost basis for all purchased and sold Bitcoins. Any chance you could set up an Advanced user account that allowed these options?
@_date: 2014-03-13 06:04:15
So you're saying this is actually good news?©
@_date: 2014-11-13 21:20:58
I had not heard of this! Thanks, I'll check it out!
@_date: 2014-09-23 12:08:56
Thank You!
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:38:39
Cool deal. More power to you. I'd love to see more people rewarding good posts with bitcoin tips rather than reddit gold. It's certainly more useful.
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:08:42
You're right about wave. I was sort of only putting in a half-assed effort to solve these problems and the web site I was using wasn't very good. I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to do with the source. I tried putting highlander in there but just got jibberish. Maybe it's the character's name or something. 
On the second one I got as far as the Niagra Falls wikipedia page, but couldn't really figure out what you wanted me to do for the rest. 
I think a lot of people might be able to solve some of these but I know I'll never get 9 so I just bowed out of this one. I think my problem with these types of problems is that to figure them out, you have to follow the same thought process the author had in creating them, and the more variables you introduce, the more random that can be. It's a cool idea, but I don't think it's for me.
Edit: New source says no other words end in currant. What am I missing here?
@_date: 2014-11-06 22:12:34
Yeah, who wouldn't want to buy a machine that prints money? Thanks for the tip.
@_date: 2014-09-23 21:30:21
It's actually pretty cool how seamlessly this changetip thing works. I think I'll just keep it in my reddit account so that I can tip somebody else with this some time!
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:37:52
Stray observations:
-Adrian Paul is clearly not in The Source: 
-According to the scrabble dictionary, there is not a 7 letter word starting with "Wave"
- 9 Seems like it could be literally anything. I don't know enough about cryptography to know what I'm looking at. Why on earth would people interested in bitcoin be interested in cryptography? :P
@_date: 2014-12-06 01:16:02
This sounds cool. Thanks man. Here's an upvote, even though you didn't ask for it!
@_date: 2017-02-28 09:50:20
Did you even listen to this debate? He said he said he's excited for LN, but believes that it is years away. He said he wished it was ready tomorrow. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:55:13
These are pretty damn hard, and I know I'll never be able to get some of them, but I did figure out the first one. Kind of want to just share it, but that might destroy the game. Tell you what, PM me if you want it.
@_date: 2017-02-28 13:27:15
I'm not here to argue any of those points, as I honestly don't know what will get me banned or shadowbanned in this subreddit, but it is indeed possible to be for LN but oppose SegWit in it's current form. I see Roger as a guy that's running a business and he wants a solution to the current log jam before it gets worse. Everything that Johnny mentions is years away. Segwit is here today, but requires 95% activation. With only 25% of the network supporting it, and 20% of the network actively blocking it, (only a small percentage of which is controlled by Ver) it will never activate in its current form. 
I personally would love to see SegWit activated, but realize it will never happen until it's repackaged as a hard fork along with a blocksize increase. I don't know why that's not even being considered. Until that compromise is offered, BU is the ONLY scaling solution out there that can activate in a timely manner. Realistically, BU would probably only need to get close to 50% before the other miners would get on board to alleviate any fears of a network split. (Just as they all got on board with Classic on the same day before the HK agreement put the brakes on that.) I wish it were not the case that BU was the best chance of any scaling at all right now, but this is where we're at. 
I think you'll find that many in the other subreddit, Ver included, just want to see Bitcoin scale before things get much worse. From what I gathered during the debate, he's not really opposed to SegWit, but thinks the blocksize is the bigger priority, so he is putting his mining power behind that. So I think it's a bit too simplistic to simply say that if he truly supported onchain scaling, he'd get behind segwit. Right now, for the reasons I've explained above, I can see why he thinks the better bet is in BU.
It's really unfair to oversimplify this in the way that you did. Even if Roger spoke out in favor of segwit, and put all his mining power behind it, we'd still be a long way from seeing it activated.
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:29:28
In answer to your question, yes. It's actually a weird example, but oddly relevant as I was an evangelical Christian that turned Atheist from rational arguments. 
As far as this relates to bitcoin, I do think rational arguments can win out, but you are right in that there is a fundamental difference in what people view as the future of Bitcoin and I don't think that can be easily reconciled. That said, I don't think a subreddit that called "should play favorites.
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:51:19
I feel like I've seen you all over here and bitcoinmarkets lately, giving out generous amounts of bitcoin, which is really awesome! Were you an early adopter or something?
@_date: 2016-01-20 21:41:37
As far as I'm aware, they do not add them to the Bitcoin Classic page unless they've specifically committed to running it when released.
@_date: 2016-01-27 04:50:58


The only thing preventing a hardfork from happening right now is the Core developers. If you announced tomorrow that you were planning a hardfork to 2MB scheduled for March 1st, a hard fork would happen on March 1st. Chinese miners want 2MB , but they are waiting on Core developers to take the lead. From the sounds of it, they are getting tired of waiting, as is most of the rest of the community.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:02:31
I did all I could to help the fee problem for Bitcoin, I fought hard for a completely reasonable and modest increase in the block size but my comments kept getting removed here. I'd still fight for Bitcoin if you guys would let me, lately I've found the best way to help the fee problem on Bitcoin is to encourage people to use other coins.
Lightning sounds great and all, but I don't expect it to deliver on time or as promised, just like segwit.
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:12:17
And why do you think that these scenarios, which there is no realistic support for, will be unable to be defeated with rational arguments?
@_date: 2016-03-13 23:29:24
There was a time not too long ago that Bitcoin was in a speculation bubble and nobody was using it as a currency or store of value. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:33:46
That's an interesting way of putting things. You do realize that the vast majority of the non-technically minded people have developed their opinions by listening to the arguments and advice of technically minded experts that disagree with the Core developers, right?
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:01:39
The 21 million limit being removed is the slippery slope argument that you and others have often used to justify this censorship and it's just ridiculous. If there were any serious proposal to remove the 21 million limit that had as much support as XT or Classic does, then there would probably be a damn good reason for it and it would deserve to be discussed. 
You can defeat that proposal with arguments. No need for censorship.
@_date: 2016-01-27 13:37:07
It's entirely possible to want something to succeed but be clueless as to how to make it happen.
@_date: 2016-01-03 19:55:18
So if we start telling you that you don't censor anything, can we turn this into a completely uncensored forum?
@_date: 2016-01-14 06:28:36
Yeah, you are putting a lot of words into my mouth here buddy and you're not really saying anything I haven't heard before. I'm not really sure what you're hoping to get out of this exchange with me. More than anything this feels like you're just baiting me into correcting your assumption/generalizations/misconceptions and reiterating the same arguments that have been made again and again. At best this is just going to reignite a tired back and forth that has already been argued by people more qualified than we are. Sorry, but that doesn't feel like a productive use of either of our times.
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:24:54
I could and I should, but sadly I find myself wrapping up a day at work and won't have as much time to devote to this as I should. Sorry if this sounds like a copout, but I'm not sure how interested you are in my personal opinion anyway. I am however including more than just the 5 with commit access though. 
@_date: 2016-01-09 17:32:05
They have an option for a multi-sig wallet if you want it.
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:03:25
Yeah, I don't feel any further conversation with you will be productive. Suffice it to say, I spend every day on this, and uncensored forums, reading every argument and opinion. I have engaged personally with some of the core developers trying to get more insight into their positions. Despite this, I have not found your arguments or the arguments coming from core developers convincing. 
As an aside, you may want to tone down the rhetoric when having future conversations.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:57:40
Right now, [redacted] seems to be the best hope for expanding the blocksize, whatever benefits or shortcomings they bring to the table. Do you see a better path?
As far as the rest of your post is concerned, I'm not sure, but I think that system is just a way to get a general sense of public opinion and not a voting mechanism, but I might be wrong on that. I'm not too familiar with the inner workings of [redacted] to be honest.
@_date: 2017-03-01 01:35:29


I thought it was pretty obvious from context that I was referring to an increase of non-signature data. 


I would say SegWit is very contentious right now. I'm not sure why you think this has broad consensus when only 25% of the mining network actively supports it and 20% actively opposes it.


I'm not in a position to determine whether this is true or not, as I don't have any technical qualifications. All I know is that these arguments have rebuttals to them that may or may not be sound. Similarly, concerns have been expressed by developers like Jeff Garzik about the safety of Segwit as a soft fork. Should I just believe him? I don't know. I try to stay out of the technical debates.


I went back and read what I wrote again, and I honestly have no idea why you think I'm saying that. I basically said the opposite. That it's likely that BU only needs to get close to 50% before all the other miners will switch over and then it will be closer to 95-100% support. I also never said one way or the other whether I'm fine with that. It just seems likely to me.


I don't know why you think I'm implying that. I never said anything of the sort. I know that you want Segwit to go through. You're manufacturing insults here and then acting like I'm an asshole for saying that. 


Well, given the amount of care you've shown me in reading and understanding what I've said, I have little reason to think you're any more capable of reading and understanding what Ver says. Honestly, you're sounding like somebody with an emotional vendetta as well right now. I'm not saying that you have one, but you're definitely not coming across like somebody that's willing to have an open and honest debate about this. 
I'm not in a position to determine what are lies and what aren't lies, but I will say that the censorship in this sub has not made me sympathetic to your side. Even though I do think you want what's best for Bitcoin, I think that banning and shadow deleting people you have determined to be liars only makes it seem like you don't have very good rebuttals to anything they are saying. Your side would have way more credibility if you just allowed this discussion to happen naturally and organically.
My initial response to you was shadow deleted originally. In a PM response to my complaint about this, you said:


Sorry, but I don't have time to check to see if every post I make has been shadow deleted or not. Could you please do that on your end? Nobody should have to contact the moderators every time they want to post something in your sub. And Bitcoin is going to have a much harder time improving as a community as long as you keep this nonsense up.
@_date: 2016-01-13 19:35:51
This is a great proposal that I'm 99% confident will be ignored completely.
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:50:48
That's a good question. My criteria is partially based on how long they've been involved in Bitcoin, partially based on whether they have a flair that says they are, partially based on what the community seems to agree. I probably should have a better litmus test, but I don't know how to create one.
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:48:10
Yes, I think you're wrong there. I'm in a position where I am not technically minded so I have to trust somebody. The way that Core devs have acted in this whole thing has eroded my trust in them. This isn't even taking into consideration the fact that many are tied to a company that stands to benefit from the block size being limited and a fee market developing. I don't know. If I saw more core developers behaving as Garzik has during this, I might give them more of a benefit of the doubt. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 02:06:59
Keep fighting the fight man. This battle for unity has been long fought and I hope we see it come to an end soon. As each day passes I get more optimistic it just may. Thanks for your post.
@_date: 2016-01-20 00:33:05
I think it's obvious that Blockstream wants Bitcoin to succeed. The real problem became about what "success" meant. For them is was Bitcoin as a robust settlement layer, and this was not the vision that most of the Bitcoin community shared.
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:42:29
Again, if there was any support at all for that, why would you need to censor those opinions instead of arguing logically and rationally and defeating such proposals in such a manner? It's a bad proposal and if anybody suggested such a thing seriously it would be downvoted to hell and nobody would even see it... unless of course you set the default sorting to controversial and changed the CSS so that hidden comments were automatically displayed.
@_date: 2016-01-14 05:48:56
Yes, I've heard this argument before and I don't find it convincing. There may be a need at some point in Bitcoins future where a fee market is necessary, but I don't think that's anything we need to force and we certainly don't need to do it now. 
If nothing else, most miners support at least a 2MB block size, so if we're concerning ourselves with their desires, we should not ignore that.
@_date: 2016-01-14 06:45:24
You should really take a step back and look at the way you argue here. There is such a thing as charitable interpretation and so far you've written nothing to suggest you are capable of it. Additionally your rhetoric and hyperbole are a roadblock to productive conversation, but it doesn't even feel like you're interested in that. I don't really know what you're interested in accomplishing with this exchange, but I know I'm no longer interested. Feel free to respond, but this is the last time I will respond to you.
@_date: 2017-08-25 03:00:43
Yeah, but your transaction will be more likely to be included in a block if it can fit twice as much, so the average time should go down.
@_date: 2017-08-25 02:52:20
When the 2X part is added in November.
@_date: 2017-08-29 17:21:49
As someone that posts frequently on the other sub, I would be very much in favor of a bot that informed me if my post was removed or shadow deleted. I've been very critical of [redacted], and none of my posts have been shadow deleted. 
On the other hand, I've posted things on this sub, critical of core and critical of policies on this sub. Nothing which has broken the posted rules, and I've had my posts shadow deleted. Some get approved eventually, but by then the thread is old, the conversation isn't being viewed, and the last word to most that saw it was given to the opposite point of view. Some posts get removed for good.
Even if the other sub does on occasion go too far with moderation which may border on censorship, you're creating a false equivalency if you're arguing they're just as bad. Even if they were just as bad, it would just mean that both subs are in the wrong. Censorship is wrong no matter where it's coming from.
@_date: 2015-08-11 22:42:43
To be clear, my position is not that we should adopt XT. I have no position there. I want more information and discussion on this. My position is that since this is a proposed bitcoin hardfork put forth by prominent members of the bitcoin community, it needs to be freely discussed on this forum. I think this is reasonable and if your side was NOT the status quo, I think you'd agree.


No I believe this because it is a very real solution to the blocksize, which many people feel is a very real problem, that is available now, put forth by prominent developers, and can be implemented right away. If we get a sustained spam attack on transactions, or adoption unexpectedly skyrockets, there is going to be a very real need for an immediate solution, and this one is available. 


Sure you have. You just don't think you have because you can't possibly see XT being the future of Bitcoin. Will this change if a supermajority is reached? Will you then allow XT posts so that everybody can get on the same page by January? This is what concerns me as an investor. That the hard fork will be scheduled to happen, and you'll be stuck in your 1MB world, making it harder for the rest of the community to get on board.
I understand that you have this principled position that hard forks should be extremely difficult, but not everybody feels that way. And it's an abuse of power to just silence them because you don't agree.
@_date: 2015-08-11 19:54:45
This level of consensus is extremely unlikely for any fork, regardless of how much it is needed. But getting this kind of consensus will be impossible if discussion on possible forks are silenced. I don't have a strong opinion on the block size debate, but it's patently absurd that a possible solution with a lot of support such as XT cannot even be discussed on the biggest Bitcoin forum. 
@_date: 2015-08-29 14:43:43
@_date: 2015-08-11 20:42:29
But XT is a proposed hardfork of Bitcoin. Every reasonable person working on it and supporting it considers it a hard fork of Bitcoin. Nobody is proposing XT as an altcoin, and nobody that wants XT wants it as an altcoin. They don't want XT at all unless the XT fork becomes Bitcoin. What will you do if XT forks successfully and everybody but you considers this fork Bitcoin? What would we be able to post in at that point?
@_date: 2015-08-01 00:29:13
Surely if they are using the bitcoin network to transact securities on a  mass level, the value of a Bitcoin would be much higher anyway.
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:11:52


What physical infrastructure are you referring to?


I'm saying this could have been prevented with compromise, then force would not have been required.


Segwit adoption has stalled out for the moment. I think it's unrealistic to expect adoption to increase fast enough to avoid these attacks. Even if completely adopted it doesn't seem like it would do much to be able to prevent this from happening. We need more than Segwit.


Wrong. Pump the price of BCH, short the decline. Each time it gets pumped, it could settle a little higher, and you're making money as you go. They could potentially keep this up until the market cap starts to rival Bitcoins. Many of these people were very early adopters, so they have plenty of capital to swing the market this way. Also, nothing stopping the miners from continuing to manipulate the difficulty adjustments as long as it keeps profiting them to do so.
@_date: 2015-08-05 22:24:27
Thanks, just curious how you know this?
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:36:25
It strikes me that this is possible, and BTC has little defense against it. I'm not sure it's the best advice to just tell people to hold because there is a chance, however remote, that they might succeed. In that event, holders will lose everything.
It also strikes me that this attack is being perpetrated by people that would have been allies if we would have allowed for even modest compromise. Was the threat of a completely negligible increase in centralization worth this split in the community?
Finally, it seems fitting that this potential attack vector could be completely thwarted by having more transaction capacity in the first place. What are we doing now to prevent such attacks? What's to stop them from continuing for months or years until second layer solutions are available?
Right now I'm more uncertain about Bitcoin's future than I ever have been. This was completely preventable.
@_date: 2015-08-11 21:33:04
But my point is that by censoring XT posts, you are making it harder to achieve consensus. You are playing a semantics game here with both "altcoin" and "hardfork" and using that as an excuse to censor discussion on a protocol and method of forking that you do not like. XT is already gaining a lot of support, and there is a very real possibility that this will be the future of Bitcoin. Censoring posts about it, calling it an altcoin, and saying it's not a true hard fork only muddles the topic and increases the likelihood that the hardfork won't go smoothly, even if it reaches a supermajority. We need to get on the same page here and since this has a very real potential of becoming the future of Bitcoin, it NEEDS to be discussed on the biggest Bitcoin forum, like it or not.
I understand that you have some principled objections to the nature of XT, but this isn't some fringe protocol that is off topic and spam. Your objections to it need to be discussed openly, and if your points have merit, then they will come through in discussion. It helps nobody to shut down discussion.
As an aside, I think it's absurd that you would expect hardforks to be able to reach consensus now the way they have in the past. As the network grows, the number of opinions will grow with it, and consensus will naturally be more difficult. But if we needed to meet your criteria for consensus before a hard fork will take place, then a hard fork will never take place. Coincidentally, you seem okay with that, right? It seems to favor your side. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:16:23
Priority one should have been keeping the community united. The code had already been written for years for a block size increase, so no need to waste any development time on it. There was nothing stopping us from accepting this temporary solution.
Any downsides resulting from a compromise like this are nothing compared to the existential threat we now face from not doing so.
@_date: 2017-09-30 08:17:40
So in your mind, most "bitcoiners" would rather use a fork with less than 10% of the hash power and extremely slow confirmation times than a fork with more than 90% of the hash power and double the transaction capacity?
@_date: 2017-09-29 22:44:16
91.3% of blocks are signaling 2X right now. By what reasoning have you come to the determination that 2X will be the minority fork in terms of hashrate?
@_date: 2017-09-30 08:40:43
Think about what will happen immediately after the fork. There will be one chain with 90% hash power and one chain with 10%. What will the confirmation times on that 10% fork be? A whole hell of a lot slower, right?
Now imagine I'm an average user with no ideological commitment to big blocks or small blocks and I want to send a transaction. Which fork would it make more sense for me to use? The 90% fork with 2 times the transaction capacity, right? 
So where is the economic activity to make the 1MB fork valuable going to come from? You're betting that the number of Bitcoiners that are ideologically committed to 1MB outnumbers the number of Bitcoiners that just want a fast, cheap, transaction. If you think that seems reasonable, then you really need to take a step outside this sub. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:36:18
I feel like you're burying your head in the sand if you think that a coin's value is independent of the usability of the network. I assure you that if you ever step outside this sub you'll find that the devotees to core developers and their vision is not so great that the majority of bitcoiners will put up with a painfully slow network while the other chain is humming along nicely. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 22:40:36
What makes you think that the 1mb chain with an extreme minority of the hash rate will be called "Bitcoin"? 
I already explained why people would want to use the chain that has 90% of the hash rate and larger blocks... because it will work. You can send a transaction and it will confirm quickly and cheaply. Do you really think that people not indoctrinated by this sub care that much about who created the fork? 
I'm still failing to grasp why you think that majority of Bitcoiners are so ideologically committed to the core team that they'll be willing to put up with an almost unusable network.
@_date: 2017-09-30 19:27:23
Yes, but why do you think that MORE people will want a 1MB coin with less than 10% of the hash power than a 2MB Coin with over 90% of the hash power?
@_date: 2017-10-01 04:18:36


If everybody that signed the New York Agreement is calling the new chain "Bitcoin" and 90% of the hashpower is supporting it, then the small influence that this sub has is going to do little to stop the change. We're talking Coinbase here. The casual users that don't know or care at all about this debate are going to log into their Coinbase account and buy Bitcoin, and it will be off the chain that they have agreed will be Bitcoin. 
So again, why do you think that despite everybody that signed the NYA calling the new chain Bitcoin, the old chain will be able to keep the name?


That doesn't answer my question. The Segwit2X fork is going to happen regardless of what team is behind it and regardless of what that teams plan for the future is. It only needs to have the vast majority of hash power and more transaction space for people to want to use it. Again, why do you think there are enough users out there ideologically commited to core that the majority would choose to use a chain with 10% of the hashpower when there is a working chain readily available?
@_date: 2017-10-02 04:35:59
Bitcoin Cash had a small amount of the hashrate and got a proportionate amount of the value. 
You just keep asserting that Bitcoin 1MB will have all this value but haven't really demonstrated how it will get that value after the fork. You've shown no reason that people will transact and invest in that chain other than some blind devotion to the core team which I assure you does not exist outside this sub. I agree that miners are financially motivated, but that's why I think a slow chain with only 10% of the hashpower will die out so fast that it won't even have time to establish value. 
In fact, I don't even know why we're entertaining the possibility that a 10% fork can survive without a forced difficulty adjustment or change in the mining algorithm, both of which would require a hard fork on their own.
@_date: 2017-10-01 20:52:29
You STILL haven't explained why you think that the majority are going to put up with a chain that has 10% of the hash rate and half the transaction capability. Do you really believe that the majority of people that use Bitcoin are so ideologically committed to Core and their 1MB vision that they are going to transact and invest on a ridiculously slow network when all the signers of the NYA, which represents most of the ecosystem, have moved on to the 2X chain?
If so, then there are no other words for your beliefs than "delusional" and I'm not sure further discussion will prove fruitful.
@_date: 2017-09-30 07:41:27
Your entire reasoning is based on the premise that nobody wants 2X coins, which you have not demonstrated. Personally, I'm going to use the chain that has the most hashrate, as are most everybody else, because it will be the chain called "Bitcoin." 
If you truly believe that there is no demand for larger blocks because Bitcoin Cash is "failing," then you may want to take a step outside the information bubble that this sub is creating. Even if you don't think it's the best method of accomplishing it, can you really not imagine that there exists a demand for lower fees and faster confirmations from a hardfork to larger blocks? As an average user with no ideological stake in big blocks vs. small blocks, would you be more likely to use the fork with over 90% of the hashpower, lower fees, and faster confirmations, or would you be more likely to use the chain with less than 10% of the hashpower and the extremely slow confirmation times that comes with it?
Do you *really, honestly* believe that there's going to be no demand for the 2X fork?
@_date: 2015-11-05 00:04:34
Just curious, would you ban Satoshi Nakamoto if he came back and started promoting XT?
@_date: 2015-11-07 15:28:26
There may be a difference in the amount of resources required to fight some punk kid on a power trip and the US fucking government.
@_date: 2015-10-25 16:40:52
This is something I'm afraid of. If we're on the verge of another bubble, this blocksize limit could bring it crashing to a screeching halt.
@_date: 2015-03-13 15:03:39
Well, .1 is what I can afford. If I gave all my friends 1 bitcoin per baby I'd be broke! But we've been talking about the price going up 10X within the year, who know's what the price will be in 18 years?
@_date: 2015-03-13 15:05:55
I should definitely not make posts until I'm fully awake.
@_date: 2015-11-26 15:43:16
I am very surprised myself that it has stayed up this long. Maybe has mellowed out in his old age, or perhaps he is concerned about the recent exodus to and has decreased his censorship for fear of becoming irrelevant. Or maybe mods are asleep.
@_date: 2015-03-13 15:49:22
Yeah, from now on I'm going to wait until after breakfast to post.
@_date: 2015-03-31 22:35:05
Thanks so much for doing this!
@_date: 2013-11-03 20:56:00
This is what I was thinking. Right now it's hard for me to think of BTC as anything more than a commodity. For it to be a popular currency, I think it will need a lot of the protections and safeguards that come with fiat currency. Perhaps one day companies like Visa and Mastercard will start issuing cards that have a bitcoin line of credit. I suppose it's possible.
@_date: 2013-11-03 20:58:36
Thanks for the advice! I guess I'm going to refuse the package and hope for the best. I hope it gets resolved quickly because I'd like to buy some bitcoin before it reaches $300.
@_date: 2013-12-08 18:00:07
That's something I wonder about myself. This might be a little out there, but with reddit integration, the bitcoin could potentially sit in a wallet associated with a users account. Then there could be options to transfer it to a new wallet or spend it on gold.
@_date: 2013-12-08 17:30:04
You know, I didn't even know there was a subreddit for bitcointip. I thought it was just a bot. I guess I see it on the sidebar now. Maybe this post would have been better over there.
@_date: 2013-12-08 17:31:33
Yeah, I was envisioning a different system, similar to the way gold is incorporated.