@_author: hotpixel
@_date: 2012-10-05 17:22:30
I will will grant that politics stand to benefit us very little as far as social and technological development is concerned, but it *still* stands to control the body politic, to limit such development, and most importantly, to limit access to tech.
Access is key.  Whether or not we come to live in a post-scarcity or near-post-scarcity economy, if we still govern it with doctrines of imposed scarcity through arbitrary abolition of production or through intellectual property restrictions, we will be hindering this renaissance just like the thousands of others that could have been.
The bulk of the worlds population is poor, technologically disconnected, and politically impotent, and largely I would argue that the first two stem from the third.  They will be the last to climb aboard a seastead (see Freeside in *Neuromancer*).  They simply will not be able to afford it, and no amount of flutes turned bitcoin is going to buy a ticket onto the elites' moving island.  I doubt you are trying to argue that we should put our faith in the engineers instead of engaging politically.  Maybe you are arguing that we should be doing both?
Now, don't misunderstand me.  I think tech stands to liberate us, but not in the, "here we go!" kind of way that many futurists, particularly Kurzweil, purport, basically because of the [*Player Piano*]( model.
Automation basically guarantees lower prices.  It also guarantees unemployment.  How do we accommodate the widest portion of the population who has no means to get the means of production, or simply cannot compete with industrial mass production?  When I have nothing to contribute to the economy, how do I draw on that economy to get what I need?  With massively distributed means of production, there is *almost never* a double coincidence of wants, and this in itself stands to cripple all but the service sector (which could also be eliminated as the population that can afford services disappears).
I would love to take this up elsewhere, as I know what happens to comment threads, and I'm just too busy for a running commentary and correspondence.
Overall, great talk, I am all for the broader population being exposed to these ideas which, I agree, stand to change the world, I just object to the assumption that such changes will be automatic, or that we can drop the political reigns just yet.
@_date: 2011-07-02 04:14:30
That term offends those of us who are as-of-yet incapable of growing beards on our necks, like hicks who are stuck in office jobs, and cannot actually get red necks.
@_date: 2011-06-11 07:59:30
When Napster was shut down, many other file sharing programs stood by to replace it, and the "problem of piracy" was made far worse.
When Wikileaks got its accounts locked, other leak sites sprung up to replace it if need be.
Bitcoin, in that it is valuable and anonymous, is far too useful to disappear.  If nothing else, the black market will ensure its survival.  When the news report came out that a senator was decrying silk road (and bitcoin, by relation) the value of bitcoin went up 50%, and thus, all customers sitting on bitcoin were able to buy 50% more drugs (on silk road), just because of the attention.  The idea is here, it's not going anywhere, and no amount of government regulation will be able to wipe out untaxable and untraceable trade.
The dollar value of bitcoin changes, but if you consider its convenience, its usability, as a measure of its value, it is only ever increasing, just because it is too useful for illegal trades.
@_date: 2013-10-30 03:07:25
"Nice guitar, eh?  Only cost me a blow stamp!"
@_date: 2013-07-03 19:39:38
Insubstantial review.  Probably needs more butts.
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:39:07
There are a lot of legitimate concerns with bitcoin.  Somehow a panel of experts managed to avoid analyzing all of them.