@_author: householdappliance
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:49:09
It's entirely possible that the right people can simply come together and have a mutual understanding of how this entire thing should work, and how it will be implemented in the future, but given the greedy nature of people, that still remains to be seen.
So I will professionally, agree to half-disagree with you! : D
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:37:01
Kids full of crap, hes probably studying for his 7 and just learned a bunch of fancy terms like "Accredited Investor"
@_date: 2013-04-12 23:46:51
Its nearly impossible for them to function without a mixture of all 3. Especially quote stuffing.
@_date: 2013-04-13 20:25:19
Because books with similar stories have already been written about the secret worlds of dark pool exchanges, hedge funds, HFT shops big and small, and the consistant encouragement to find and exploit gray area business just to have an edge on the competition. Everything from manipulation to front running to insider nonsense is all old news.
The ex employers simply consistantly privately encouraged us to fuck anyone who comes into the market. As an example, 7 years ago before 80 percent of all trading was fully automated, young bright minds were encouraged to write the best stop hunting algos, which essentially manipulated the price in order to fuck over retail funds / investors. Nowadays, you cant put a stop limit order on a single security thats not being monitored by an algo to see if they can force you to stop out your shares at a lower price, and then quickly unload your own shares to other sucker investors whos orders are not processed as quickly.
This is the mentality that is consistantly pushed onto our youngest and brightest minds. Its one thing to teach people to invest for good reasons, but its a whole other world when you literally look to fuck the person on the other side of the trade.
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:22:41
Every trader known to man uses Bloomberg portal to feed their platforms data, or data sources like Nanex, if they're actually traders that make money.
If you use Yahoo, you use 2 days behind and you don't make any money. Traders do not use any of the sources you mentioned, ever, and most traders run algorithms in order to trade. The markets are now 85 percent automatically traded but I believe what gave away the fact that you're full of it is when you mentioned the term "Accredited Investor." 
I'm willing to put money on the fact that you're in training for some base FINRA licenses (S6 or S7) to become some random broker in some small shop. Those requirements are old and outdated, any if you look at any of the shops from 45 Broadway to 14 Wall, you're probably employed by one of the older smaller firms, who barely survived the last few years.
Basically, if you actually use any of the crap you mentioned, you get killed in the market, and you get stopped out by algos nonstop, and you just get shit on, trade in and trade out.
Absolute BS.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:48:43
If you're not used to the thrill of actively trading then you get so emotionally attached that it becomes your daily muse. Be careful, I spent many sleepless nights at my desk, both because things were going great and things were going horrible.
You have to get into a mentality of, "If god forbid I lose all this money, my life will not change at all." That way, you won't be afraid of losing and equally will stay cool and collected as you lock in gains. You gotta be as emotionally detached from this as possible. The problem is, that lesson is not something that can be taught, you have to pay for it. I just hope it doesn't cost you as much as it cost me. Happy investing my friend!
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:50:05
Maybe because I'm bitter about what I have done in my life with similar credentials and it's hard to talk to anyone about it. My question to you is, why are you being an asshole?
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:53:25
They're not douches when they come in as entry level traders. In a fund eat fund world though, over the course of many years and sleepless nights, spending 70-80 hours a week within the brutal environment, shapes the mind a certain way. Forget the drugs, girls and flashy crap, its just the mindset you get into is one which becomes very self destructive. 
The recruiters and managers empower you as top dogs in the money food chain and encourage you to take massive systematic risks, and to come up with better ideas of how to play around the laws that govern them. This is the mindset of taking risks, and looking for ways to avoid laws, now mix the long hours, and it becomes your life. Ofcourse there are traders out there who possess great self-control over their personal and professional lives and carry themselves accordingly, but most good traders you will ofcourse never encounter due to their busy schedules, unless its a Friday Happy Hour sponsored by a corporate Amex at one of the local Park Ave joints.
In the end, most traders become very similar to how they behave and their approach, but in the beggining, they were all great students, kids full of ideas of how they can use their vast knowledge of understanding applied math and sciences to truly help the world. 
If you graduated with a decent GPA with an Electrical Engineering B.S. from even a decent school, whats more attractive, a 55K a year starting job as a Power Control Engineer for Con Edison, or 80K a year plus 20-50 percent bonus (depending on fund performance) as a Junior Systems Engineer for Eton Park Capital?
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:18:27
I use CampBX and I can freely move my money via Dwolla. There are some minor fees involved. When I enrolled with Mt. Gox I also simultaneously enrolled with CampBX. I was able to already purchase bitcoin within 3 business days of opening but Mt. Gox just approved me 2 days ago, after a 18 day wait. Fees also seem cheaper, and you can use 2-step security with Google Authenticator, which seems pretty safe.
@_date: 2013-05-02 15:50:43
Not new, quite old actually, just hoping that we wouldn't have to deal with the severe BS of regular equity / dark pool trading that constantly happens.
@_date: 2013-04-09 22:40:10
If one, JPM sized bank fails, FDIC ceases to exist, not even because of the 250K per bank and per person cap. Chase sized bank has enough depositors with only so little tier 1 capital, that god forbid we have even a fraction of the Cyprus bank run, it will make FDIC limits to suddenly drop severely in order to save face. The SIPC in New York state is a better coverage for example, since all insurance companies that do business in the state, must have a separate reserve account for all customers in case they want to take all their money out, unless ofcourse its an irrevocable contract.
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:23:51
When you put stop orders in, your order is actually in a suspended state as a market order and it would be triggered when the price approaches it, not necessarily when it's on it. So lets say when the stock is trading at 22 and you purchase it and you put a stop in at 20. If the stock drops to around 20.30 or 20.35, the algos normally pay close attention to prices that are even, because thats how most humans put their stops. At an even 19.50 or 20.00. As soon as the bids approach it, and the stop order is unsuspended and turns essentially in a live market order, the algo would act appropriately and very fast. There's a reason why people complain "how come my stop was the low price of the day today? This is utter bullshit." This is exactly why the game is rigged. You can read about this in plenty of sources, or I recommend looking for videos of traders using their stop hunting algos in action.
@_date: 2013-05-02 15:52:13
Catching a falling knife?
@_date: 2013-04-14 22:55:47
A stop order is still an order thats visible to anyone with access to the order book (all bids / asks) as most traders have. So the algo calculates based on how many shares would it be able to profit from, depending on volume, depending on how easy it is to move the stock, and other factors, it decides within a few secods wether it will chase your stop or not by heavily shorting, then picking your shares up then covering and selling your shares at the newly stabilized level from the cover. Check out nanex's split second charts where theres sudden drops then pickups in stocks. You can clearly see how quickly the algos react when a stop order is favorable to them.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:54:15
When you say things like "Why do you bother commenting?" doesn't give someone the impression that you want to discuss anything.
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:59:18
To be quite honest, I would rather not have this publicity go towards CampBX, because I use them and they are a great platform. But everytime there's a lot of publicity towards one service, there always seems to be a group of DDOS'ers lined up to give it trouble. Maybe an AMA for current customers is not such a good idea?
@_date: 2013-04-13 14:08:57
If there's a god, then you deserve to be blessed. Unlike a previous highly qualified individual who started a thread on how he profits from weak markets and just shitting on all the exchanges, you actually look to help! Bravo to you my friend!
@_date: 2013-04-19 19:25:20
I know what an ASIC is, but I first want to program a raspberry pi to perform the function of an ASIC. I know it's not efficient at all, but I simply want to experiment with it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:09:24
Deregulation is the only thing I slightly disagree with when it comes to Bitcoin. There has to be some sort of regulation, even minimal, in order to bring a sense of stability to digital currency, but I'm simply talking about imposing fees in order for HFT's to not do to this market, what they do to the major exchanges. HFT's for the record, are proven that they do not provide liquidity. When you have HFT shops lining up to buy the same company around the same price, and lets say each of them have variying computing speeds. So HFT shops A, B, C, D all fill market with bullshit orders for 10 bucks on a particular stock, and the market changes direction, and all these HFTs, based on their speed processing data and responding, pass off, 100 shares at 10 bucks, within 0.005 seconds, from their desk to the HFT lagging behind them. You can have 100 shares, go through 4 HFT's, until some poor pension fund ends up the bag holder. BUT BEHOLD!!! There is volume!!! Ofcourse, because technically, 500 shares were traded, yet only one of those buyers was a real buyer.
That is not how markets should work, that is how rigged markets work. If you read about how the 0+ Scalpers work, and you read about the statistics of how much of the market trading is actually robotic, then you'd realize the next time one of the major exchanges crash, it will be an absolute global catastrophe, all because our brightest minds decided its time to use their gifts for personal gains, rather than changing the world for the better while still being able to make money.
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:05:23
Can't say my attitude was any different 4-5 years ago. Some lessons in life cannot be taught, they have to be learned and payed for. I just hope his price is not as steep as other young minds of Wall St who fell to the same bullshit.
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:44:57
Ofcourse most of them won't but my only hope is the right ones will.
@_date: 2013-04-19 19:51:21
VHDL is just simply a language used to implement certain functions like XOR gates, multiplexers onto a board thats connected to the computer. 
From what I remember I used to use a program named Quartus in order to run simulations on the boards themselves. It was useful in school to make a board do simple functions and give outputs on an LED for example like addition or subtraction, and in the advanced courses, doing more complex functions. But I'm trying to do the same thing except with hashing.
I'm sure we have fellow engineers here who have had more recent experience with programming processors / chips and I would appreciate any helpful input.
And ofcourse, thank you for your input!!
@_date: 2013-04-13 14:32:32
It will stabilize if a few more Cypruses happen, and people will slowly start to realize that it's time to get away from Keynesian based monetary fiat systems, where your life savings can either get washed away because a bunch of elites hold up your bank and withdraw their money before they give yours an 80 percent haircut, or Ben Bernanke turns on his helicopter printing machine.
a) How? More economic catastrophic events such as Cyprus in Europe, will bring more interest in Bitcoin because noone can just come and TAKE your Bitcoins, unless you're absolutely terrible with hardware and software. My guess is, even the uneducated ones will be able to come across a service, like a bank, that provides all that security for them in exchange for a small fee, but it's simply a middle man that worries about the customer's security, maybe even guaranteeing their deposits. This kind of service will have to be top notch before anyone who truly understand the problems of cybersecurity can trust them. 
b) At what price and when? Since there is a finite number of bitcoins that can be mined, but theres technically plenty of helicopter printer governments out there, the total money in bitcoin should most likely grow substantially over the next few years. If were at around a 2 billion dollar market cap, and theres massive queue times in MtGox, new exchanges being developed, and a lot of money that is coming in from the sidelines, the price that this will stabilize will most likely be a multiple of the current level.
c) How stable? The stability depends on a LOT of factors, besides geopolitical. I see the biggest hurdle to bitcoin, is the demonization of bitcoin, which is currently going on in television. Most American corporations suck at the government teet, very very hard. See below:
So Bitcoin, due to the natural outflow of money from the banks and from the American currency in general, will most likely force the hand of Corporate lobbyists to start pushing for regulations or limitations on bitcoins, maybe even criminalizing them. Not to mention other governments taking very hard stances already. If there is going to be a limited theoretical supply of bitcoins, then the only thing that can truly influence the prices, is supply and demand. I just hope those holding on to their coins, not just for the value but for the idea of a globalized, safe, digital currency, will continue holding on through trials and tribulations that will surely come in the next few years.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:47:34
Filling the market with blank orders in both directions order to draw significant movement, is why we need fees everytime you place an order, because the second the algo detects movement, it cancels those orders and acts accordingly, or if it's a really good machine, it can pass off the newly acquired shares to the person next in line of that order, at no loss. 
Charging a small fee is not regulation, it should be a standard on the exchanges in order to avoid false sense of liquidity, which is exactly what HFT shops provide. Most trading that is done today, is done in dark pools, which are unregulated shadow markets that are set up between institutions with mutual agreements, which is essentially to fuck the slower and more out of date institutions. A regular investor or trader simply cannot keep up unless he had the education to program machines with the like of algorithmic_hft_dev up here.
Like I said, a small fee per order, rather than per order filled, will help weed out the bullshit. Also he mentioned he set up an agreement with whoever he is using to run his algos, essentially giving him a massive advantage over the people who want bitcoin to succeed in it's purpose, rather than in it's ability to be scalped for profits with algo's.
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:08:44
What most people fail to see with this article, who Forbes really is, and where their interests lie, is to contact the masses about issues of importance. The most important thing, in the interest of those who benefit from destroying bitcoin, is projected in a passive-agressive manner in this article.
Bitcoin is clearly a revolutionary concept that goes away from the Keynesian / fiat based monetary systems which are no longer backed by physical assets, and it also works well with pure supply / demand.
These poor authors rarely write things they REALLY want to write about, because the corporate nightmare scenario, would be that everyone learns about the benefits of bitcoins, and how in theory, it can and probably will be the currency of the future. What we will likely see over the next few months is the demonization of bitcoin, and how it is filthy, criminal based form of currency that needs to be siezed and all those involved should be prosecuted. There's a very good chance that institutions are most likely sinking plenty of money into lobbying against the use of Bitcoin in USA.
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:47:06
HFT algo's flood markets with orders and cause serious problems for most exchanges. You can even go on different exchanges and pick up BTC's at prices that are favorable from another exchange and take profits in that manner. This is exactly why I believe that everytime an order is put in, a small fee should be charged. HFTraders get a bad rep because you guys are trying to take a brand new form of currency and turn it into an investment, rather than a revolutionary method of payment that can change the way all fiat / keynesian systems work, and just economics overall.
In short, you're taking a great concept, and trying to profit from it for your own selfish reasons. Instead of using your high valued skills in order to better this world, you're just wasting your talent to make money. Money can come through such a great mind if you help with research in developing a system like bitcoin, rather than profiting directly from trading it. You might have an engineering degree, but you are by no means an engineer, because by definition, an engineer is someone who helps improve people's lives through manifestation of concepts and ideas by using the technology and resources available at the time.
You sir, are what is wrong with this world, with the education system, and the country in general, and that is why people hate HFT firms, because they take away such great talent and just waste it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:45:20
The OP is a man with incredible credentials that should be earned to help improve the current state of Bitcoin, or maybe improve other technologies or methods in useful fields like medicine. OP, if he didn't make everything up, has developed a skillset for the wrong reasons. That is the perfect example of greed, because when all is said and done, and this 29 year old looks back at his life, all he did was help exploit market weaknesses while professing he "provided liquidity" by designing HFT algos. I've been doing this long enough to realize that even though I've done a lot of things I thought were right at the time, were horrible. I helped teach kids like him, that this was the right thing to do with their skillsets, and I can barely live with that fact, because I deceived these poor kids with money, and here in NYC, the Hedge Funds / HFT shops and quant funds ate up their futures. Now they all run around looking for weaknesses and loopholes to exploit with their knowledge, just to earn a pretty penny. 
Ofcourse they agreed to it because they are their own human beings, but I understand now how much of a hypocrit I was, and I honestly still believe that I did not deserve to be called an engineer, because I didn't help a single fucking person when I really reflect on what I have done professionally. I am absolutely ashamed but I will try to be a better person, and try my best to not be greedy by putting my mind into a career that suits the title of an Engineer. Maybe before it's too late, I might have a positive impact on this world... and maybe the OP can too.
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:39:54
Hey OP, if youre doing full disclosure, you need to provide your CRD number. Otherwise you violated some FINRA laws... Or youre just full of shit.
@_date: 2013-04-13 17:05:06
No one trades manually anymore, and if they do, they get chewed up by algos. So most good traders have to learn to use algorithms that function off data instantaneously, and generally they find themselves working hand in hand with programmers and math wizzes like the OP. 
Its not just NYC, places like Hong Kong, London and Tokyo have become hotbeds for new hedge funds, HFT shops, quant funds. Best way to start from the bottom is to first learn micro and macro economics, and get a grasp of how one really relates to the other. Then you need to learn about the Fed and institutions similar to it, and see how they changed the landscape. I'm not talking about the positives of the Fed which you will find in most textbooks, I'm talking about all sides of how diluting a failing economy works, and where those new dollars go.
Depending on your understanding of math and logic, you can also dive into trading, into the technical /fundamental aspects of it. Besides charting, a lot of the technical / fundamental aspects and indicators of how economies and corporations do, during a particular month, quarter or year we learned many years ago are broken. You're going to be looking and comparing charts eventually that used to make sense for the past 70 years within the markets, but now there are massive DIVERGENCES within the charts especially in the last few years, since the Fed started literally printing trillions of dollars.
You should then look at how the mutual funds / hedge funds are doing, which shows a great deal. If 88 percent of all hedge funds, and 65 percent of all mutual funds underperformed the market, what is it that they're doing wrong? If you ask that question enough times, you realize that there will be a million different reasons, and you the eureka moment will come when the smoke clear and you see, that everything you can possibly learn, about economics, or finance, or trading, or what the NYC guys are doing, is a giant waste of time. 
If you simply bought the S&amp;P in 2012, with the limited knowledge that you have right now of what anything really means, and you looked at your performance at the end of that year, you would've beat out 8/9 of these NYC guys who are "professionals" and "highly educated."
Don't read the books, forget the sources. Learn what interests you, and you can make the same money as the OP here doing what you love, rather than putting yourself through all that schooling, wasting all those educators times, just to find ways to make a penny a few hundred times a second with a few thousand dollars with cutting edge technology. If you put the work in to train your brain to be able to do great things, then don't waste it chasing money. That's the opposite of what the NYC guys are doing, and that's my recommendation.
@_date: 2013-04-17 16:12:18
He's full of shit on so many levels. In one post he says he's a daytrader but then he says he's an advisor. Laws defined by FINRA clearly state that it is a huge conflict of interest to be both due to possibility of front running, and other conflicting interests. He's completely full of it, just some kid in training to get his S6 or S7 while watching Boiler Room every night and reading books like Wolf of Wall St.
Also he trades using Yahoo as a source, which is the equivalent of using 9gag to find new great funny material.
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:04:09
My friend, you can always use your extensive knowledge of engineering to better the world. I know the money is good, but you're still young and you're entering a state of work and mind that will be damaging to you in the future. I've lost a lot more in my personal life working for private funds, doing similar things to what you are doing, but I am at a much happier place now, being an actual engineer by education, rather than sitting there setting up systems for dark pool institutional trading, scalping and frontrunning with highend machines. 
You can still make money and make a difference, rather than just make money for your selfish dog eat dog purposes. I am a hypocrit but I knew that I would lose a lot more than just wife and kids doing what I used to do.
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:31:17
Also, check out nanex, you can clearly see the algos in action with 150 millisecond intervals.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:31:37
To those trying to make money from bitcoin, if they put as much effort or resources into improving the concept, to help spread the word, they would be much richer. Providing reliable exchanges or services, helping introduce businesses to transacting through bitcoin, even funding paypal style exchanges that can simplify the process for consumers, and add a sense of security... that is where the REAL money is made. But on top of the money made, you just might help build something valuable for everybody, not just yourself.