@_author: how_i_learned_to_die
@_date: 2019-11-14 01:48:34
Nah, it's moving faster and faster. Trump's presidency should be a prime example, American politics are spinning out of control with partisanship. Millions of people never recovered from the economic crisis, inequality at highs not seen since the Gilded Age, plus an impending recession or worse. Strap in, it's going to be bumpy.
@_date: 2019-11-14 17:45:37
It's not necessarily a bad thing, it just has its own set of weaknesses and dangers, the same as the Boomers' extreme individualism which has resulted in gridlock and inability to accomplish anything. The GI generation was the last "Civic" type according to Strauss-Howe typology, and they completely remade and rebuilt the nation. To use their archetypal system they introduced in *The Fourth Turning*, Millennials will follow a "Hero" path, facing a massive civic crisis in their young adulthood, rebuilding public institutions in its aftermath, and being greatly emboldened by their success. This will lead to a hubris that will ultimately result in their downfall as cultural guides, as they embark on increasingly unrealistic grand projects (think the GI's leadership in the war in Vietnam) which will demand a conformity from society that their children are no longer willing to give. (The Boomer rebellion.) The Baby Boomers have followed a "Prophet" script, leading a spiritual awakening in their young adulthood (the '60s Consciousness Revolution) that reshaped societal values, looking inward as they aged, and so resolutely hewing to their own personal political and cultural values that the nation is plunged into a dangerous gridlock, with the concomitant inability to solve its problems.
Each of the four generational types has its own weaknesses and strengths, potential problems and potential problem-solving attributes. There is a societal use for conformity and collectivism as there is for rebellion and individualism.
Millennials: "Hero" or Civic type
Gen X: "Nomad," or Reactive, type
Boomer: "Prophet," or Idealist, type
Silent (and the upcoming Gen Z): "Artist," or Adaptive, type
@_date: 2019-11-14 01:55:15
Have read Generations and The Fourth Turning, very interesting, persuasive theory. They certainly nailed Millennials -- back in 1991 they predicted they'd be collectivist, conformist, tend towards collective ideologies (socialism, fascism), be doers instead of thinkers, and be largely areligious. Unfortunately they also predicted we were going to be dropped into a giant shitshow, with increasing political polarization, economic strife, and climate crises, working as foot soldiers in crusades led by values-driven uncompromising Baby Boomers.
I'm somewhat cherry-picking, as they had a few predictions that didn't turn out -- they thought Millennials would return to more traditional gender roles, for instance -- but overall they had uncanny accuracy, which makes me nervous for the immediate future. They literally called the next big crisis the "Crisis of 2020" back in 1991. If we don't reach a societal tipping point sometime in the next eight years, their main theory is bunk. If we do, well -- I guess I'll see you guys in World War III.
@_date: 2019-10-19 07:28:52
Right but the point of stock-to-flow modeling was to find the "actual" value, which was around 55k post-halving in the original article. I see subsequent articles on the subject taking the StF line all the way to 100k, which is not what the original chart showed at all. Unless the model changed, this is inaccurate. The assumption should be that a bubble will put us beyond that 55k, but how far beyond is anyone's guess.
@_date: 2019-10-19 02:44:48
I keep seeing people put the stock-to-flow model price at 100k after the halving, yet the original Medium article on stock-to-flow pegged the future value around 55k, while conceding a bubble may bring the price much higher for a time. What's up with the disparity?