@_author: how_do_i_lightning
@_date: 2017-12-14 07:19:22
Recently it was demonstrated working on the mainnet trough all three different implementations. The foundation is there, companies just need to start using it.
@_date: 2017-12-14 07:00:45
Thanks for your detailed response, i however think that i might've explained my thoughts badly hence you not understanding them.
I see it as "locking" because you cannot use the funds on-chain while you have the channel open, only in the LN.
Regarding the "so to receive the payments of all the people, you would need to close all the channels and expect them to re-open a new one if they want to send you new payments, right?" part, with receiving i meant getting the funds **on chain** out of the LN.
Say you're a coffee shop and have hundreds of people who each have 0.1 BTC locked in a payment channel with you. That pays for a lot of coffee, but maybe you want to get the funds that customers have paid you before in the LN, and to do that, you would need to close all the channels that customers have opened with you, and hence when customers want to buy more coffee, they need to open a (new channel).
Now comes the idea into play where you yourself have two nodes: You lock 10 btc in between your first and relaying node, and people connect to your relaying node. Now customers can pay up to 10 btc in total before you'd have to close all their channles to get the funds they've paid.
However, re-thinking this idea: It makes no sense. You have the BTC anways, so you might as well only have them open a channel with one of your nodes and use the funds that you already have to e.g. pay upkeep or something like that, and only when you happen to run out of on-chain funds you'd have to close the channels (or some of them rather).
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:15:49
I am aware that you dont need a middle man, but having one would make it easier to send payments to multiple providers without having to open a new channel with every single one.
Say you lock in one bitcoin into a channel to a middleman / payment hub which then allows you to use this channel to pay across dozens of services (that at least is my idea behind it).
Regarding your video: It made the subject a bit more clear but mostly was things that i already were aware of, however, he has mentioned the thing that i've wondered: 
"It requires the intermediates to have enough funds in their payment channels". What exactly does that mean, and why are you dependant on the funds of others if routing trough them? The way i understand it is that you send *them* a lightning tx for which in terms they will send another one to the next person in the hub, is this correct?
If that assumption is correct it would also explain how / that it is possible to have hubs to keep active channels open, because you do not physically bring *their* funds onto the chain, but the ones that the payment hub has locked into the LN.
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:39:58
I've just googled it and i think it finally clicked to me. When you're trying to route a payment trough multiple nodes, everyone in the chain would just be sending a LN tx with *their* funds to the next hub.
Say Alice has a channel with Bob, and Bob has one with Charlie. You tell Bob to send some of their Funds he has locked in the channel with Charlie, for which in terms Alice will send some of their funds that she has Locked in with Bob to him. I think this is where the idea of fees comes into place as well, where as Bob can take some extra amount of fees for "lending" their funds to Alice (or disallow routing at all which probably is possible from what i guess).