@_author: howardh1hughes
@_date: 2014-09-21 02:24:38
That would be an L-39 fighter pilot training aircraft. It was made during the cold war in Czechoslovakia. There are probably a hundred or even many more flying around the world. Most are privately owned. They have sold for between $150,000 and $1 million+ in the last few years, depending upon the condition of the engines and electronic equipment inside and other details. It is surprising to me that there isn't an identification number large enough to see somewhere on the tail area, with that number it wouldn't be too hard to figure out to whom it was registered. 
Edit: someone asked how fast...
It actually isn't that fast, for a jet aircraft. Only does 405 knots or .8 Mach. Which is slower than most private jets and slower than most commercial airliner flights which can get close to .9 mach. 
However the L-39 can pull lots of G's which is an acceleration that could be part of a definition of fast. It also looks like it is going Mach 2 just sitting on the tarmac which could be a more important attribute. 
And if any of you are interested in buying and operating your own there are 5 for sale here: 
In todays market you could easily get a real nice one for like $220,000. Operating costs including insurance, annual maintenance, engine allowances, fuel and hangar space all together would probably run between $300-$600 an hour depending upon how many hours a year it flew. You would probably have to get an appropriate pilot to fly it for you to satisfy insurance requirements if you didn't have a couple years of flying experience and pilot certification yourself. But that wouldn't run more than $100 per hour, even experienced pilots would probably fly the thing for free. 
Also, its new cruising altitude is a little low...$400, I think I speak for all of us when I say lets hope for a climb...then maybe some of you could own your own L-39. 
Words of wisdom:
Bitcoin's value is proportional to it's perceived future utility and is inversely proportional to humanities faith in central banking institutions. 
Because there is no established or accurate way to meaningfully calculate these things the short term movement of the Bitcoin market will remain as unpredictable as human nature. 
In the short term the market is a voting machine. In the long term the market is a weighing machine. 
The long term performance of fiat currency, which is controlled in a rather human fashion, has been demonstrated to be rather predictable. 
Bitcoin's unique characteristic is that while it was created and is maintained by humans it is not controlled by them. This in the long term may prove invaluable. 
@_date: 2014-10-06 06:09:57
This whale is being eaten alive, at a rate of like 10BTC/minute or more over the last hour, it's just incredible. 
The whole market has been trending down...
But when this whale showed up the market began to devour it, it's something that is truly remarkable 