@_author: howichrgelazer
@_date: 2015-05-15 21:08:54
Yeah, I actually almost got into bitcoins a few years back right before the spike. I had the wire transfer all ready to go, but I backed out because there was some weirdness going on with initiating the transfer and it wouldn't go through.
Thought this would be an easier step, but it just turns out it has its own set of concerns.
@_date: 2015-05-30 18:34:42
Circle is legit. Be patient. I had a card deposit fail on me and eventually the pending transaction came back. They always got back to my support requests in 1 to 2 business days so far.
Once, I heard back from support over the weekend, but it seems that it's only tier 1 support. I think the people who only work on accounts do so over the weekdays.
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:21:07
I'll check those out for sure. Thanks! 
It's not about even about the privacy. I just start getting concerned if the exchange I trusted to use, changes my account requirements the moment after I starting working with them without notice. It was confusing. I could buy during the account setup, it said I was level 1 verified and all the sudden buy/sell was locked. The verification says I can up to 3k, the buy page said I couldn't and please verify. The interface leaves a lot to be desired in terms of that.
@_date: 2015-05-16 01:09:16
I certainty don't have a problem verifying. I mean they have my routing number and name at this point so it's silly to think they have nothing or little on me.
I had a concern that they even let me purchase bitcoins in the first place then double backed and locked my buy/sell privileges until I prove who I am. The website's level system said I have done everything necessary in terms of validation for my buy/sell level, they gladly exchanged my money, but right after I started, it's now not okay and my only options are to complete the forms so I could exchange back to USD and get out or move all my BTC to another exchange to get out.
If this was the policy, then I'd like to know up front. Which is why my question was asking if this happened to anyone else when trying coinbase. It just felt shady to me that the second after I got in, they changed the rules of my account.
No outrage or anger, just trying to figure out what to be expecting if they are handling my assets. If they do the above without notice, is there other stuff I don't know about yet?