@_author: howrehgee
@_date: 2014-08-13 01:32:00


Thanks man, I appreciate the look out. I'll reorganize the idea to provide  a service instead. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 20:43:15
can you send me the link for NFC tags? I appreciate the honesty and humbleness. 
@_date: 2014-08-08 04:09:24
Let's Make it Rain Bitcoin!
Who remembers rocking Pokemon temporary tattoos? I know I do, it was about 14 years ago! Well the kid in me lead me to the ingenious idea of temporary Bitcoin QR Code Tattoos. It is simple and easy to use. The implications and applications are limitless. I personally believe it will have a factor in mainstream adoption. You will be able to see it in action at the Coins in the Kingdom Bitcoin Conference. I will split it into 3 batches. The first public key QR code will be connected to a wallet aimed to raise money for a Bitcoin Scholarship. The second public key QR code will be connected to another wallet that will be used to give out BTC rewards via a raffle. The third public key QR code will be connected to my personal wallet, so I can re-invest into my start-up company as well as eat! The three batches will be randomized, to be spread out to all the individuals attending Coins in the Kingdom.
Let's investigate the possibilities for mass adoption.
Tampa has been known for their strip club industry. I remember playing Tony Hawk underground boarding and pulling off tricks on the UFO at 2001 odyssey. They are first on my list to have involved with temporary BTC QR code tattoos. Back in 2006 Tampa Bay Partnership found the city was No. 3 for strip clubs on a per capita basis, ranking behind Las Vegas, and -- even more deflating -- Cincinnati. I bet the 2012 GOP convention changed that! I feel this idea can rejuvenate the Industry. Tampa, as a city in general, has grown since then. It would another niche for the strip club industry to absorb. Imagine making it rain bitcoins at the strip club, only it will be a lot more cleaner! The dancers would appreciate dirty dollar bills not being stuffed in their g-string. Less bills in awkward places. Instead, a qr code would be located on one part or multiple parts of their body with the option of having specific amounts ($1, $5, $10) per temporary BTC QR code tattoo. Customers with mobile Bitcoin wallets would have to scan the code, then transfer the amount to either the individual dancer's Bitcoin wallet or the establishment's Bitcoin wallet. The dancer's and the business itself would be able to track the amount they receive. By utilizing Coinbase or Bitpay exchanging BTC to USD dollars has become far easier. They would also have the option of keeping and storing their newly received Bitcoins. Just as the Republican National Convention pored in masssive amounts of money into the adult entertainment industry, I believe Bitcoins has the possibility to disrupt and stimulate the local economy as well. Especially if we coordinate more Bitcoin conferences, expos, conventions, and meetups in the Tampa Bay Area. To make things even more concrete, a BTC ATM would draw in more customers and catalyze the process of mass adoption.
Just as I have mentioned earlier, BTC temporary tattoos could be used as a tool during fundraising events. Volunteers and members could flash the temporary tattoo on their wrist or where ever they choose to place it, and have donors scan the participants QR codes to donate money to the cause or charity at hand. Temporary BTC QR code tattoos will make electronic forms of payment more interactive and personal. It's a game changer!
If you have ever been to a music festival, long lines form alongside patron's booths. Those patron's offer service and goods. Instead, how about they come to the crowds of people! It would be more interactive. The music goers don't like loosing there place in the crowd anyways, even when their thirst quenches. If employees of the patrons bring and sell beverages in the crowd of people, the attendees would just have to scan the QR code provided to the worker. One QR code could be used for the whole organization. Or various QR codes with specific amounts could be attached to employees with certain items. If an employee had their own personal QR code, they could have the option of their wage paid in Bitcoins.
I can also see body painters, street performers, and concert dancers benefiting from this innovative idea. Any performance industry that deals with micropayments pretty much!
I am always open to feedback! It helps with the brainstorming process. Take care, and hope to hear from you all soon.
Stay updated with Bitcoin News and Follow me on Twitter:
Connect with me on Linkedin:
Here is my referal link to create an online bitcoin wallet at Coinbase.com:
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:18:47
I want a product/tool like the one you made! I think it is genius! I am starting a cryptocurrency club at the University of South Florida and would love to show your modified card reader off to as many people as possible . My university has about 50,000 students. 