@_author: hparker_coinbase
@_date: 2016-08-09 18:27:23
We monitor a fair number on denial of service attacks, enumeration attacks, phishing, and attempted account takeovers.  The techniques evolve in complexity but our tooling gives us good insight into when these behaviors start and many options to render them useless.  Its great to get to work with real data on how attackers are trying to get into accounts when designing new user-facing security improvements.
@_date: 2016-08-09 18:54:04
We don't imagine we're smarter than all hackers, we have to assume a motivated attacker will be smarter than us, well funded, and highly persistent.  So it's not about being smarter than the attacker, but about layering defenses in a redundant way that make little assumptions about what is secure, and having good insight into our infrastructure.  We know there are likely undiscovered vulnerabilities in software that we use, so we account for that in our defenses and look out for ways we can add additional layers of security.
@_date: 2016-08-09 19:06:08
We have communicated with other companies in the bitcoin space regarding security, and we're open to working with more in the future.  We really want to see the ecosystem grow.
@_date: 2016-08-09 18:03:36
In my mind the hardest scenario facing us today would be the insider threat.  This could be an employee with malicious intent, or a compromised employee machine that allows an attacker to act like an employee.  Typically an organization will log all sensitive employee activity to discourage this, which we do, but this is less helpful when malware is acting on the employee's behalf.
Our approach to guard against this is to prevent any single person from performing a sensitive action without the approval of others.  For example, before merging code into our codebase, a pull request will require multiple engineers to approve it with a two factor +1 system.  Keys required for sensitive actions are constructed with Shamir's shared secret inside of machines we cannot access, so no single person can use the key.  The security team actively tries to find ways to add consensus to any security or financially sensitive actions.