@_author: hrishirc
@_date: 2013-09-05 06:21:40
factor into the fact that everything automated requires much less human power. Malthusian catastrophe might not be far off. Esp. as oil gets costlier and costlier.
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:33:49
People being knowledgeable will make their displeasure known. Similar to how ideas spread so quickly on reddit and the net. People on the net are essentially super-smart today due to the amount of info available.
Rich out of fear of being ostracized from the community (human stability is the most important for anybody) who will not be in smaller circlejerks as it is today, will have their ideas set straight (Imagine a reddit-like real-life interface in the future). It'll be more like white Australia of the 1900s which had a strongly anti-hierarchical structure and high connectivity.
And in such a community which has a strong bond holding it together, rich are sensitive to the poor. I think the 'rich' isolation will *never* again unless there is a war-like situation again (possibly on a galactic scale) where it makes little sense to explain minutiae to everybody. And possibly the aftermath of such a situation. Or a situation of capitalistic technological improvement similar to the Industrial Revolution which led to Ludditism or removal of jobs (but this is way into the future, we should already be entering another stage of Ludditism now due to AI)
Today's world suffers from a disconnect between the rich and the poor because it has been an age of tension, of a time where you're supposed to move to stay still. But with the advent of the net and easy communication across cultures, it's becoming an age of collaboration and reduction of effort instead of competition.
In the future, assuming this current age of material excesses ends with the end of oil and rise of decentralized, clean sources of energy like solar, biomass, etc., we'll be back to the age of direct democracy, equal knowledge and deflationary currency until....


Banks which follow a fractional reserve model will make the money of idle rich more worthless with time.
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:26:46
However in an ideal full-information society like ours is becoming slowly, I'd expect the idle rich to be a lot more reasonable *and* held more accountable by the knowledgeable public. So the need for fractional reserve bitcoin banks may not arise.
The moment the rich are separated from the poor in their daily lives,  Fractional reserve banking is an automatic development.
But in an ideal world, what you have should be equal to what you're worth instead of the existent mess right now.
That was one of my first questions when I tried to understand money flow : why the hell isn't this so simple?
@_date: 2013-09-05 06:29:38


This for me is the most important point. I was just on the other minute and there was this problem on advertising monetization.
Here's the comment I made
I think BitCoin will solve this purpose extremely well. Ease of online transaction.
I don't see BitCoin taking over *only* the black markets. In fact, I suspect there to be *no* black markets in the future. I get the feeling the current generation which goes on to positions of power, will be better knowledged about the black-and-white of drugs e.g. Assassinations may not be needed at all.
All local transactions will be done in a local version of BitCoin to keep the local economy together. To handle the standard of living differences in these.
My imagination is that communities will become much smaller and much more sensitive to each other. Industries like power where generation is best done in a central body will be co-owned by all surrounding communities. But small enough for basic food/water issues to be handled. And all of these are smartly connected by the net and BitCoin (which may become the equivalent of dollar, a currency for international trade)
Each community's worth to the other will be known and in a sense, philanthropy will help when times are tough. It's hard to imagine how wars may happen then though.... hmm!
@_date: 2013-12-23 03:05:37
I looked up your post history, you seem like the most fascinating lady I've met on anywhere. I thought you might want to look up the comment I replied to.
@_date: 2013-12-14 23:08:01
That biflated quickly!