@_author: hseldon10
@_date: 2014-10-28 18:22:52
I totally agree with you on that. Ironically, that tradition was invented by Joseph Goebbels. 
The reason we keep coming back to the NAZIs is because they invented or perfected the totalitarian movement. So anything that is accidentally or purposefully totalitarian in nature, like reality distortion through oversimplification or cognitive dissonance will echo the NAZIs. Sometimes the questions is: how do you avoid the comparison?!
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:21:56
They are in most nations that plan to be around in the next 20 years or more...
Subsidies can be more than just payment transfers from the government to the corporation. They can also be tax breaks and other monetary special privileges, such as a direct line to the Central Bank with access to preferred interest rates...
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:07:25
But the difference is that sex is a private, personal thing, while government is a social, public thing that society agrees to through a democratic-republican process.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:33:34
That is technically true of any country. But, believe me, you don't want to disappear in the places of Mexico where you can.
I get a feeling that most people think Mexico is a 4th world nation, when it is actually more developed, per capita, than China. If you go, in Mexico, to any big city or beach-front resort, fleeing from the law, you will get caught.
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:04:48
I believe you are mistaken:
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:14:22
Strawman argument if I ever saw one.
First of all, I am assuming the 6 year timeline is so that prominent Ponzis discovered during and after the 2008 crisis can be included. Except, those schemes were *discovered* in 2008, but had occurred since long before that. In other words, most of the money was lost before that time frame.
Also, the purpose of the regulated market is to punish people who break regulations. Nothing in the world can prevent people from abusing trust. But punishment is better than no punishment.
I understand why this strawman argument against regulations will be popular in bitcoin, attacked recently for being "unregulated", evidencing the defficiencies of unregulation in the mtgox fiasco, and cheered on by anti-regulation libertarians. But for all the good that bitcoin can bring into the world, it is wrong to see that nothing can ever be perfect, and that Bitcoin could also improve, and perhaps it could learn a thing or two from older currencies that have some regulation built into them.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:17:59
Credit is a necessity and a feature of trade. It is only a service provided by banks, but it actually isn't dependent on banks.
I think you may be referring to the fractionary reserve system, which enables the fractionary credit banking system, which in turn inflates money supply. This particular thing is something that bitcoin is opposed to in the way it is engineered. However, it is a very particular subset of credit and not the idea of credit as a whole. Without credit, there can be no meaningful trade.
For example, let's say you want to buy a car. Where do you buy it from? Probably through a dealership. Cars usually need to have dozens, perhaps hundreds, of cars in inventory for them to be sold. Each costs several thousands of dollars, maybe some cost $5K, but others may cost over $60K or more... So, potentially, the car dealership has millions of dollars in constantly-turning-over inventory. The delearship probably doesn't have millions of dollars to finance this operation because most delearships are family owned. This is where credit comes in. The car makers extend short term credit to the delearships (pay me in 30, 60, or 90 days, this will give you time to sell the car!)...
And then, when you go and buy a car, you probably don't have $20K just lying around. But you do have a job that pays enough for you to afford a monthly payment. So, the dealership offers a credit-based deal. You pay $350 a month, and they give you a $20K car. They get their $20K immediately, though (since they need it to pay the car makers). So, usually, a bank pays the dealership and charges you the monthly payment in exchange for interest. This makes buying high value products possible and fuels the economy.
So, where does the problem with credit comes from?
Well, banks usually don't lend you $20K of their own money. They usually take someone else's money and lend it to you. Whose money do they take to lend? Well, they take the money of the people who deposit their savings in the bank. Let's say, for example, that a grandma living across the street from you has $100K in savings for retirement. It's not much, but it's all she has. So, she puts in the bank. This is good for her because the bank will pay a small interest for keeping the money there. In exchange for the interest, the bank takes the $100K and lends it out.
But, what happens if granny neighbor needs the $100K? Well, it is very unlikely that she'll need it all of it all at once. Realistically, she'll probably eat it up at a rate of about $2K or $3K per month. So, for this reason, the bank keeps a portion in *reserve* in case the depositor (granny neighbor) needs part of her deposit. In fact, there is government regulation that mandates what percentage of the deposit the bank needs to keep for withdrawls. The Central Bank (in the US, the Federal Reserve) issues this mandate.
But, what if, on a particular given month, the granny depositor has an emergency and requires a little more than the usual amount? Well, in this case, the bank needs to resort to borrowing money. They can borrow money from other banks, if other banks have money available, or they can borrow money directly from the Central Bank (the lender of last resort). Usually, these loans are 24-hour loans and can be paid back in that short time frame because deposits usually come in fast. Here's where fractional reserve central banking comes into play. When the bank borrows money from the central bank, the central bank *creates* that money for the loan out of thin air, expanding the total money supply in the economy. By doing so, they are causing inflation. It keeps the economy alive and moving, and the bank alive and moving, but the overall health of the economy diminishes, unless the overall productivity of the economy accelerates at an equal or greater pace. It is assumed that over time productivity and money supply balance out, but it not always happens neatly and this leads to a lot of real economic pain.
This is the reason why proponents don't like the fractional reserve central banking, because it enables money supply inflation, and this is why non-inflationary currencies like gold or bitcoin are preferred by a lot of libertarians, who don't like it that it is the government who has the power to inflate money and dillute savings. But these criticisms still only have a tangential relationship to the existence of credit. Credit can exist without money inflation. It simply is riskier and, thus, more expensive. And because of that, people don't take out loans that often (only when they have more security that they can pay it back). People argue that this is a safer, more stable way to grow the economy. Others say that it is a slower way to grow the economy, and that population growth can wait...
While the jury is still out on that one, the existence of credit is, nevertheless, universally regarded as a positive, necessary feature of trade.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:21:29
Programmed by a third party, though. Bitcoin by itself can't issue credit, just like the US dollar by itself can't issue credit. The point is that bitcoin substitutes a currency, not a bank.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:16:02
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:01:13
Mexico has an extradition treaty with both Japan and the US. In all three countries, fraud is a crime. It would be dumb to flee to Mexico.
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:52:01
It isn't absolutely true. Does anyone really know Satoshi Nakamoto's actual political stance?
However, it is undeniable that the features that make bitcoin a libertarian wet dream come true (anti-inflationary, non-centralized, non-fractional etc...), were the only features that were ever going to make an only currency valuable, and thus, make it work and be lasting.
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:59:51
"A derivative is a hedge on an asset. An asset is a thing that has actual value. A hedge is a bet on the variation of value of an asset."
Wasn't that simple to understand?
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:07:04
Wow! I am amazed you read my reply and replied to it in less time than it took me to write it!
Here are my thoughts on your reply:


The same is true for any digital payment system based on credit and fiat money, like the US dollar. There is no difference, and thus, it's not a fair measure of comparison.


I don't disagree. Which is why I believe bitcoin will evolve to accomodate what most people are ready for. People who are invested in bitcoin want it to increase in value and that can only happen if more people use it. Already we are seeing examples of this change in the appearance of bitcoin ATMs and bitcoin as valid form of payment in websites such as gyft and overstock. These changes and other to come will make bitcoin more friendly to the masses and more valuable in the long-run.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:34:44
That would actually be  since Mt. Gox was an exchange, which is the place where speculators make a living.
@_date: 2014-08-07 20:37:49
Oh really? What would be the "real" or "adequate" name for it?
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:33:07
I did and my link is my rebuttal
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:45:59
If this were any other currency, people would value it based on the interest rates of the country where the currency occurs, and the GDP growth rate of that country. Specifically, the difference in interest rates and GDP in time, compared to the currency against which you want to value it.
What this method does is actually measure money supply changes (interest rates) and money demand changes (GDP growth).
In the case of bitcoin, there is no interest rate, and there is no GDP, but that doesn't mean there is no way to measure money supply growth and money demand.
By the nature of bitcoin, money supply is set to grow ever more slowly due to the complexity of "mining" bitcoin. I believe that the incentives are such that mining growth will steadily decline in the coming year. With money supply growth slowing down, the currency's popularity would also need to slow down growth just so the valuation stays the same!
But we are seeing evidence of the opposite: bitcoin is becoming more popular. It is becoming popular in Turkey, in Egypt, in Ukraine, in Venezuela, in Argentina, and in any country where instability and weak currencies drive people to look for alternatives to getting their money out of those economies. It is becoming popular among people who like technology, with more and more bitcoin atms popping up. It is becoming more popular as websites like overstock.com start accepting it as payment, and even giving discounts or special prices to people who pay in the currency itself. Bitcoin's popularity growth isn't going anywhere.
Except that it isn't particularly popular right now because of Mt. Gox's fiasco. But that news will pass. In fact, this correction will reduce uncertainty in the market in the long run, because now people will demand more security from the exchanges, and what had to happen with Mt. Gox has already happened. This is the lowest point possible for bitcoin's popularity (unless another exchange goes under in the next few weeks). As the market adjusts and fixes itself, popularity will resume its climb. It will also help when Mt. Gox victims sue the exchange and get settlements.
In short, money supply for bitcoin is slowing in growth, while I see the currency's popularity increasing. Thus, its value has nowhere to go but up.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:16:11
He said that what he meant was that he no longer was an engineer working for the government, and even if he were, NDAs and confidentiality agreements would prevent him from talking about such projects. In other words, he's saying that newsweek took the quote out of context. He didn't mean "I am no longer involved in bitcoin", he meant "I am no longer involved in government work and can't discuss it".
@_date: 2014-08-07 14:38:11
According to the source, they haven't been paid back, or at least paid back in full, and the interest is 0%...
@_date: 2014-02-05 17:21:44
Value (price) is an equilibrium of supply and demand. Something that is limited in supply (or scarce), increases its value, provided demand stays unchanged.
The reason people demand bitcoin is because they want things that are hard to devalue, and one way to make things hard to devalue is by keeping supply stable or by decreasing supply. They know other currencies don't keep supply stable or decreasing, but instead, increase in supply. The main demand generator for bitcoin is its scarcity.
Thus, both components of bitcoin's value (demand and supply) are related to its scarcity. This is why I said that bitcoin is worth something because it is scarce.
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:49:54
You clearly don't understand bitcoin.
Bitcoin has three key features that allows for its success.
1. It can't be replicated, solving the "double-payment" problem.
2. It retains its value.
3. It is decentralized, so no individual entity has control over it.
These three features are the only way an online currency is ever going to be valuable on their own right. However, they are also extremely anti-progressive. Here's why:
1. The curreny monetary system is based on fractional reserve banking. This means that money *duplicates* at a rate fixed by a central bank.
2. There is a *central bank* controlling the value of money. An individual entity **has** control over it.
3. Money is inflationary, and thus it doesn't retain it's value.
1 is dependant on 2, but it actually isn't related. 1 is more related to 3, because fractional banking is what enables inflation. Inflation is a key feature of the current economic model. Without inflation, the current economic model cannot work. The current economic model was created by FDR and the economists who advised him, and was enshrined in the ideals of the New Deal: Full Employment, productive investment, a consumer economy that necessitates well-paying individuals. All of these are possible thanks to a policy of controlled inflation. Because inflation exists, money-holders (savers) need to invest the money in something that will return to them more than inflation, and that means productive investment. Productive investment can only be productive if people buy products, and conversely, productvie investment gives people jobs.
The alternative to an inflation-centric economic model is a non-inflationary system that rewards savings in the form of keeping money under the mattress (or in a chest, or whatever). Non-inflationary models such as the gold standard, or bitcoin, are therefore popular with people who want their money to keep being worthy, regardless of how the overall economy is doing. It rewards taking money out of the economy, even if it means producing less things, employing less people, and declining incomes for people who don't already have money. 
Inflationary systems only work in a "goldilocks" zone of inflation, not too high but not too low. This is why a centralized lever over inflation is necessary, and for it to have legitimacy, democracies decided to keep that power in the hands of the government, who was, theoretically, controlled by the public itself. Of course, libertarians see this control to be as an opressive tool the government imposes on the public. I guess it depends on your point of view.
The debate around inflation goes way back to the early 20th century, between Keynesian economists and Austrian (libertarian) economists. Bitcoin is definitely a tool that can enable an Austrian ideal. This is why libertarians love it. But it's not without it's progressive detractors precisely because a world without inflation means a world without incentives for productive investment (and its consequences: rising incomes and full employment). 
Now, having said the above, libertarians want bitcoin to substitute cash. I am very much a progressive. I don't want bitcoin to substitute cash. But I believe bitcoin can substitute imperfect credit systems online. Bitcoin should be paypal's biggest threat, and that's a good thing. So long as bitcoin remains an online payment system, and not a competing currency, then it's ok.
The problem is that the political appeal of bitcoin to replace the currency once it becomes an entrenched payment system is too great. And the government can't devalue bitcoin, or give anyone any incentive to invest their bitcoin and create jobs. This is what scares a lot of people. No doubt, the reason why a lot of people want to magnify the damage done by hackers to bitcoin banks and exchanges, such as Mt. Gox...
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:31:48
I dino see that coming.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:39:11
You tell them that, through your vote. If you don't like who's running for office, then run yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-11 23:45:37
I guess Robocop flopped in Spain.
I'm from Mexico and I understand quite perfectly that, in this context, "robo" refers to robotics/IT...
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:18:39
I take offense at the exaggeration of comparing basic rule of law to "central planning".
Individuals and free markets have a track record of exploiting the have nots and creating monopolies. Governments have a track record of imposing regulations that guarantees everyone is treated humanely. To say that the 8-hour workweek is government overreach is as attrocious as saying that consensual sex between adults is rape.
No one is arguing that the extremes of communism and totalitarianism are bad things. I am merely saying that the existance of a government does not constitute totalitarianism, and that there *is* some room for government in the economy.
@_date: 2014-10-28 15:29:54
Though it is common to see people "quickly jump to inappropriate comparisons with the Nazis", not all comparisons to the NAZIs are inappropriate or expedient.
By the way, you know who else was quick and inappropriate? The SS.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:27:04
Yes, really. It sucks and I believe it should be changed, but Congress has disagreed.
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:52:21
Well, this is a terribly, perhaps purposely, ignorant comment to make. 
You see, the role of government is to settle disputes peacefully between individuals or groups, and to enforce a set of common laws that mantain peace, guarantee private property, and enable the rule of law.
Before the 19th century, government was assigned to individuals of privileged cradle, through "divine right". After the later 18th century and early 19th centuries revolutions around the world, including the American Revolution and Civil War, society changed and created the republican democracies that we enjoy today. 
What I am saying is that you can't point to something that's in construction and claim that the end result is always wanting because the period of construction did not produced the results of the finish product. 
Moreover, I am saying that government should have a role. We want government to have a monopoly on violence so that only government can enforce laws and settle disputes. Otherwise, we have the privatization of violence, in which a woman's only recourse against rape is revenge. 
And to avoid the abuse of having this monopoly of violence concentrated on a single group of individuals, you have a system that democratically spreads out this power to all of society, so that collectively we can decide which laws we want to abide by and which we want to repeal, as a society. This contrasts with the previous system in which a person with no qualifications other than to be borned from the previous King now weilds this power.
Is this a perfect system? No. Is this the best that we've come up with? Yes. Is this better than anarchy? Most definitely!!
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:23:57
To me, this is the funniest thing of all. 


- Milton Friedman


- Satoshi Nakamoto, suspected creator of most libertarian economic tool in the history of the world...
The irony is just too much.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:00:23
I upvoted you because someone downvoted you, and your concerns seem pretty normal for a newcomer/outsider.
Let me talk to you about my experience:
I live in Mexico. I actually can't buy bitcoin through Mexican banks. So I didn't. Instead, I decided to mine some bitcoin. But I did it with an underpowered spare machine. After a couple of months later I gave up and all I had to show for where decimals of bitcoin that, to me, where worthless. I stopped trying.
That was 2 years ago. A couple of weeks ago, my curiosity was reignited due to overstock.com beginning to accept the currency, and found out that those bitcoin decimals where actually worth about $100. A wallet I had completely forgotten about for 2 years now could actually buy me something! So I decided to see how I could spend them.
I opened a blockchain account and within minutes, I actually transfromed my bitcoin into an amazon.com giftcard through gyft.com. With it, I was able to buy a book I needed for an online class I'm taking, and my wife's Valentine's Day presents. I also bought reddit gold with my bitcoin. To me, it was like free money because I wasn't expecting it.
My experience with coinbase and blockchain are that buying and selling bitcoin are actually easy if you have a US bank account (which I do, due to my business), and transforming it into purchases is also very easy due to more websites accepting it as payment.
As for, the bitcoin community's maturity level, I don't know. I've seen more interesting discussions here than in many other subreddits. Of course, there are alot of fanboys and haters with almost no maturity, but that happens everywhere. As for Satoshi Nakamoto, I think that the power of bitcoin lies int he fact that it doesn't really matter who Nakamoto is, as its work can stand for itself and be secure.
It is secure in the sense that bitcoin solves the "double-payment problem". It is impossible to clone a bitcoin. This is what makes  bitcoin valuable, in contrast to non-crypto online currencies.
As for the Mt. Gox fiasco (run by amateur clowns with no financial experience who allowed hackers to steal 6% of the entire market's cap), I agree, it's pretty bad. But what banks did when the US invented the US dollar was actually even worse. At least here, it seems to be a problem of Mt. Gox's stupidity, and not an actual intent to commit fraud. When a nascent currency faces these challenges, it usually learns from them and corrects by adding regulation. Bitcoin has its own regulations, but they are digital coded into the market and the exchange mechanisms, and not published as laws open to interpretation by the courts. Ultimately, these codes will be improved, improving as well the resiliency of bitcoin. The Mt. Gox fiasco is the result of bitcoin's infancy, and not a limit to its potential.
So, those are my thoughts. I hope you find them useful. I welcome your feedback. Have a nice day!
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:24:23
Yes, the guy waving the stick in front of the investor isn't forcing anyone to do anything. It's the silly investor scared of the stick waving.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:15:30
Warrants for arrest of high profile individuals are posted internationally. Mexican Federal Police would receive information, and so would all local polices in Mexico. They'd be out looking for him. The minute the person uses his name, they will be able to trace him, not to mention that if gets pulled-over or commits even in the most minor infraction, the person would be discovered.
I just don't see how the person would be able to start a new life and live it for any significant portion of time.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:28:27
They wouldn't be able to spend their bitcoin! First of all, converting bitcoin into Mexican pesos is hard, to say the least. AND, due to the socioeconomic make up of the country, most businesses are cash-only. They don't even take credit or debit cards, much less bit coin!
But even if that wasn't a problem, they don't know what bitcoin is or they don't understand it very well. They would therefore fear it and prefer their current payment system.
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:42:36
Not really. Evidence? Just look at interest rates...
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:00:48
If I were a conspiracy theorist, I'd say that a private, anti-government, libertarian or anarchist, person or group was behind bitcoin, and the government was behind recent attacks on bitcoin exchanges to defend itself by destroying confidence in the currency...
That's what I'd say if I believed in conspiracies...
@_date: 2014-09-14 14:20:02
There is no 7-11 in Mexico. There is a Mexican company licensed to use the 7-11 brand in their stores, like a national franchise.
This company already had a deal with padmobile, and then, padmobile includes coinbase. Had nothing to do with bitcoin...
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:19:56
Ok, Mr. Smartypants yourself, allow me to direct you to a dictionary. [Here you go](
To quote.




So, to be more preciste, a derivative is a contract that mitigates a possible loss in the variation of an asset's value. To summarize, "a hedge on an asset". 
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:20:23
Yeah, giving business a payment term for inventory generally is bad for the economy as a whole.
@_date: 2014-03-24 20:29:16
First of all, thank you very much for the tip. I really appreciated it. =)
I understand how you feel about credit in light of the recent Financial Crisis, but bear in mind that enormous amounts of money are not available for most people or small businesses. Credit enables trade by not requiring payment immediately. It also encourages industrial production, because when you make a car worth thousands of dollars industrially, companies don't usually just make one of them. By making more units of each, they keep down cost per unit (dilution of production cost), but that only works if they can sell more units than their break even, and that usually requires some form of credit.
The credit web that you refer to is, indeed, dangerous. Which is why the government instituted regulation after the Great Depression which curtailed these risks, including the creation of the FDIC. Some people don't like regulation and that's ok, but I am only trying to explain why things work like they do. I am not saying it is perfect.
Have a nice day!!
@_date: 2014-08-07 15:29:39
I actually have no problem with the public bailouts that were given to investment banks, or to megabanks. I understand what a bank failure means. I'm from Mexico, I've lived through too many financial crisises to know what it's like...
What I have a problem with are these "shadow bailouts". Even if they are paid back, and even if there is interest charged, there is a moral hazard. If the bailouts were public, however, it would be different.
Why? Because it would make the information public, influencing investors, policy makers, and voters.
Investors need to start discouraging reckless behavior in the financial sector.
Policy Makers need to start reforming the financial industry to avoid these systemic risks. They also need to promote prosecution of any wrongdoing, something that so far hasn't happened.
And voters need to pressure policy makers to do the above. They also, as consumers, can pressure companies by choosing to store their deposits elsewhere...
@_date: 2014-02-05 13:43:27
Bitcoin is worth something because it is scarce! You have to mine for bitcoins. Unlike, you know, the US dollar, or any government-backed currency, which can be printed out of thin paper, and isn't worth anything except what the government says its worth.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:10:25
He can turn water into bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:26:28
Cash and currency have special properties that other items don't.
Laundering money by buying in cash iPhones and then re-selling them is a lot harder than laundering money by just taking the money into an ATM and transforming it into a different currency such as bitcoin...
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:16:39
Actually, ISIS is a good example of when discussing the Third Reich might be relevant. 
The Middle East in its present form exists due to 3 big engines of change in the Global Colonnial System of the previous century. One of them is the British entanglement with the Arabs against the Turks. The second one is the policy of Germany towards the middle east during World War II. The final one is the establishment by the UN, after an agreement between the UK and the US, of the State of Israel. (Please note that both the UN and Israel are a direct result of World War II).
ISIS, and the entire Middle East, with all its conflicts and all its regimes, have their origin in these 3 pillars. Ignoring them when talking about them is disingenious.
Now, of course, comparing a specific military action made by the President of the US to the entire Government of NAZI Germany is ridiculous. But there are times when referring to past experience is useful.
Also, let's not forget that even the NAZIs had some good ideas. Leni Riefenstahl's influence in cinema was enormous, even if her greatest work was a NAZI propaganda film. One can admire her style and visual appeal, even while rejecting the film's objective. And, let's not forget that a NAZI scientist helped propel Americans to walk on the moon. Hitler was a vegetarian. I don't think I need to go on... 
All of the above are facts. They are not opinions. What's wrong with stating facts? Nothing. It becomes wrong when you imply from those facts that people who, coincidentally, share these attributes, somehow become as evil as the NAZI regime. So, Hitler was a vegetarian. Does that make all vegetarians evil? Of course not! Hitler was also a male human. Not all male humans are evil...
So, that was my point. Sometimes a comparison with the Third Reich is appropriate, accurate, and conductive to meaningful discourse. Most of the time, however, it isn't.
@_date: 2014-03-24 23:04:23
I'll try to explain what I mean:
Bitcoin is a name that refers to two things: a currency, and the software system that allows the currency to function. Though distinct, they share the same name to simplify conversation, specially among the laymen.
The software system that enables bitcoin is based on something known as the "blockhain", which is an open source public ledger that serves as the payments network for bitcoin.
The "smart contracts" that you talk about would be something similar to bitcoin, using a form of the blockchain, to attain a similar goal, but it would be different from the bitcoin blockchain.
So, to recap up to this point. The bitcoin currency, the bitcoin blockchain, the concept of smart contracts, and any current or future blockchain system that enables them are all different things.
In other words, the bitcoin currency is like the dollar. The blockchain is like when you give a dollar to a cashier as payment, and the cashier rights it down somewhere that it sold something in exchange for the dollar. And smart contracts would be like paper contracts based on the idea of having an open ledger that enforces through community transparency. As you can see, all different things.
A program that automated crowdsourcing to provide credit will also be a thing that is different to bitcoin. And unless the bitcoin foundation or whoever is in charge of updating the bitcoin system decides to integrate this hypothetical program into the bitcoin system itself, this program would have to be managed and provided by a third party that is independent to the bitcoin system. Not necessarily a bank, but merely a third party...
Bitcoin substitutes nothing but currency. The blockchain over which bitcoin works is a competing payments network, for sure, and only works with bitcoin as that's how it is engineered to work. But it is by no means exclusive to bitcoin. Other cryptocurrencies have implemented their own version of the blockchain, too, and as you have pointed out, smart contracts entrepreneurs are also giving it a go.
I hope this clarifies what I meant.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:38:25
The USD is valuable inside the US due to the requirement. It is valuable around the world as the planet's reserve currency due to common belief (faith) in the currency.
@_date: 2014-09-15 01:03:13
In the US, there actually is a corporation called "Dunkin' Donuts who licenses these franchises. There is no equivalent in Mexico...
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:07:13


If gold substituted cash for most transactions, it would break down the state. Bitcoin's success will be in the form of it substituting cash as the preferred payment option...
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:54:49
The central idea behind Capitalism, though, is to reflect the natural behavior of humans into the market, and have faith that it will produce the best result in the long run. The mixed market economics that most developed countries have tried to use in the 20th century is to leverage the natural behavior of humans to push it into the best result in a politically acceptable time frame (2 to 8 years).
This presents the difference between an ideal (it is clear that human behavior, left unchecked, doesn't always present the best results), and the messiness of implementation (it is clear that it's hard to leverage natural behaviors and incentives to produce results in politically acceptable time frames).
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:38:37
Yes, exactly like that. Let's ignore all historical context and go directly to a reductio ad absurdum to disqualify the possibility of valid government intervention. Is not like government has any legitimate role in society, right?
@_date: 2014-02-06 21:18:27
I have a small business in Mexico. If my employees accepted bitcoin, I'd pay them 25% more.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:31:06
This is Latin America, we're talking about. What are people going to do with bitcoin? It's not like there's an infrastructure in his country where they can spend bitcoin to pay everyday things...
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:43:16
If you make it, I'd buy it. How much is a tshirt worth these days? About 36 mBTC?
Edit: Have it be a picture of a plate of sushi rolls, and the words "I want my free lunch.- Satoshi Nakamoto 2014"
You could even add the japanese charachters [聡中本], which mean "Satoshi Nakamoto"...
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:32:06


That's probably because you aren't looking hard enough. The 1994 Mexican Peso Currency crisis actually devalued the country's GDP by 10% in less than one month. Just in 2008, the US financial meltdown consumed over 1 trillion in emergency bailouts in october of 2008, plus all the other bailouts and emergency federal spending (not to mention QE2)... It wasn't hackers, in that case, but it was a different kind of scammer all the same.


Except it wasn't a hack that brought down Mt. Gox. It was Mt. Gox's lack of self-regulation. If they had been careful, they could've spotted the problem sooner and prevented it from becoming this big.
Also, when your bank loses money, the FDIC bails it out. No one is going to bail out Mt. Gox. But there used to be a time when the FDIC didn't existed and the United States created it as a failsafe for cases when it could be needed. Similarly, I believe that bitcoin will implement its own form of digital failsafes. Perhaps not in the form of legal regulation of the market, but something even more innovative...
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:50:42
I'm gonna use made up numbers to answer this question.
So, the Mexican tax rate is supposedly progressive, so the more you make, the more you pay. But on top of the tax, I also have to pay a number of fees to government agencies for welfare benefits, including government healthcare (which people who can, avoid, because it's a death trap), government funding for housing loans (these are actually good, but they were better before the 2009 reform), and retirement funds which the worker can ask the government to either manage or transfer after I pay it to a 401-K like system called AFORE. 
So let's pretend I pay my employees $15K (USD) a year, which is low for American standards, but is actually 10 times the minimum wage in Mexico. 
Of the $15K, I have to pay the employee's income taxes and payroll taxes for them, which make up about $3K a year. On top of that, I have to pay the welfare system $4K for this particular income. The net take-home income for the employee is $8K.
If I increase the pay by even $1, to $15,001 USD per year, however, I'd have to pay the government $5K in taxes and  $4.5K in welfare. Thus, their net take-home income would be $6.5K, or $1.5K less than they are taking home now! What changed? The tax percentage due to their income bracket. The percentage change is so extreme that I'd have to increase their pay by 25% just so that their net take-home income stayed the same!
But Bitcoin is not recognized as a currency in Mexico. It is completely unregulated and untaxed, treated as a digital commodity. I wouldn't have to pay the welfare charges, and my employees would have to do their own taxes, deducting their expenses (which they aren't allowed to do right now). Sure, they'd lose access to government-health care and to government housing funding, but all that means is that they'd need to buy private insurance and make a down-payment when they buy a house. Now that they are making 30% more, they could afford that and more.
So you see, it's not that I don't want to pay them more, it's that the "more" I can afford wouldn't result in a net benefit for them. So, instead of that, we give then bonuses and perks (like meals and rides). Most people like it and understand it, but I know some would rather have the money instead...
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:04:14
What I'm saying is that bitcoin's features favor a libertarian ideal.
Using gold as jewelry or conductive metal isn't what libertarianism is about. But using it as currency? Sure!
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:27:46
How about Newspeak?
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:26:36


Here is what I had to do:
1. Go to gyft.com, choose an amazon.com card, put in on the cart, click "buy with bitcoin".
2. Get bitcoin address from gyft.com
3. In my blockchain account, send bitcoin to the address provided by gyft.com.
4. Wait a couple of minutes, recieve amazon.com gift card code in email.
5. Redeem code in amazon.com's website.
6. Fill up my amazon.com cart, click buy, and where it says "confirm buy", the money was taken from my gift card balance automatically.
When I want to buy with credit card, instead, I have to:
1. Have credit card (which means I need to have a good credit score, etc...)
2. Input credit card information in amazon.com's online form. Say no to "Chrome" when it offers to save my credit card information in plaintext locally, so any hacker can see it.
3. Input in amazon.com's website my address, so that they can verify that the address matches my credit card's.
4. Fill up my amazon.com cart, click buy.
5. Input my credit card CVC code.
6. Verify again my payment information and click pay. Finalize purchase.
7. Wait a month until my credit card statement comes back, and pay the credit card with actual money.
This sounds to me a lot more convoluted, actually...


No. The "flaw" that Mt. Gox allege it encountered was actually well documented and a fix widely used. Mt. Gox ignored it and did not use the fix. This was a failure of the exchange itself.


Like what happened in 2006-2008 in Wall Street? I mean, you cannot say that a currency has nothing to contribute just because some people are out to scam people. It's not a symptom of the wider community. It is actually more a symptom of human nature. But, eventually, people protect against that too...


Well, my bitcoin well safe for over 2 years and I am not exactly an expert in security. In that time period, my credit card was stolen twice, by the way. But, I agree, I wouldn't recommend its use to your aunt who lives on a farm... yet. But I believe that bitcoin is today a lot more friendly and secure than it was even two years ago, and it will get more so that eventually your aunt is going to be recommending YOU use bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:36:06
Check my history. I am not who you claim I am...
I am merely expressing an opinion so we can have a discussion about the two issues I outlined:
1. Bitcoin's valuation is more than Mt. Gox's effect on the market.
2. The bitcoin market (though not the protocol itself) needs more security, in the form of some sort of regulation. Thus, the bitcoin market will find a way to self-regulate, either through technology or behavior, and this will enhance the value of bitcoin in the long run.
If you disagree, I'd be happy to read why.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:00:45
Not really. All they need to do is open a Coinbase account and hope Coinbase doesn't go the way of Mt. Gox...
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:42:48
The opposite is true. Calling government involvement "violence" is like calling "love making" "rape"...
@_date: 2015-01-22 18:32:44
Here's why Bill Gates is right:
I live in Mexico. I am a consultant. I help foreign companies (mostly American) set up shop in Mexico. I was on a call yesterday talking about Mexican processes for governance. The system in Mexico is a lot more cumbersome than in the US and, obviously, the controller of my client had some question as to why it was so convoluted.
It all boils down to one thing: trust. Mexicans don't trust each other, so they need a lot more paperwork and proof to trust transactions. Where in the US a handshake is currency, in Mexico, you need to pay in advance. Where in the US a simple signature on a piece of paper is the law, in Mexico, the paper has to be notarized and certified so that it has any value.
And this is Mexico I'm talking about, one of the US's largest trading partners, and one of the top 20 economies in the world. Can you imagine just how hard it is to do business in Africa, where there is virtually no infrastructure? In some of those countries, business is nothing short of a miracle.
Now, trust is heavily correlated with business activity. Where there is no trust, there is no business. Civil War, famine, a history of abuses, racism and colonialism, all of these things contribute to a strong decay in trust between individuals. Add to that just the right amount of hyper-inflation, corruption, and high taxes, and you have a non-functioning economic system. No banks would ever set up shop in a small rural community in Africa because the risk is just too damn high. So, how do you get Africans to trust each other enough to do business and mobilize their economy?
Crypto-technology does this. And because this technology of cell phone banking and digital currency enables business and economic expansion in a trust-less environment, this is why it's the future of these countries. It will enable business and economic growth the way that decades of assistance couldn't: by increasing trust between economic actors that enables them to pursue economic activity.
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:58:31
That must've been like $420 USD!
@_date: 2015-08-06 18:00:24
Two reasons that come to mind:
1. Customer lock-in. Not necessarily profit seeking, but rent-seeking incentives.
2. The bitcoin blockchain can't handle the growth.
@_date: 2015-07-19 16:57:14
Whenever I see that bill, I am reminded of Dr. Evil.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:28:57
No, it is not, and deflation is solvable through government intervention.
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:06:55
Wow. Just wow. So much ignorance.
For a currency fan club, economic knowledge is certainly lacking here. I mean, people can't even tell inflation from deflation! And you mean to talk about theory with so many adjectives and so little data? 
Appalling, really.
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:08:38
What's that?
@_date: 2015-07-04 17:43:56
The deflationary spiral doesn't really have a solution, though, does it?
@_date: 2015-07-13 18:01:19
This misses the larger point about *why* the gold standard was *actually* abandoned.
People are risk averse. That means they are more likely to horde than to invest, and that means that the wealthy want to remain wealthy without creating anything new.
Non-fiat currencies like gold or bitcoin enable the wealth to remain wealthy without taking risks. Fiat currencies force risk unto the wealthy, and in doing so, promote job creation.
Is it any coincidence that the largest economic expansion in the history of the world occurred as soon as most major economies dropped the gold standard? No, it isn't.
Bitcoin is great and has its uses, just as gold. But replacing all currencies with it is a job-killing insanity.
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:40:38
Yes it is! It's a feature of Bitcoin!
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:11:10
Well, Japan's lost decade may have a different opinion. But we're not talking about deflation per se, but about a deflationary spiral.
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:44:16


Proceeds to link to website...
@_date: 2015-07-04 18:28:13
Hardly the same thing. The new models have added utility. You're also confusing deflation with inflation.
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:09:17
At the same rate forever? You don't even know enough about Bitcoin!
@_date: 2015-07-13 14:51:05
Euros aren't made out of "thin air". If anything, they're made of whatever metal the coins are made out of, and of paper.
AND, Euros devalue whenever more are created.
2, the Greek people did **not** vote "no" to the EU.
3, it isn't an exchange on Greek land and other assets. It is a privatization of the land and assets. They obviously stay on Greece, but multiplying its productive capacity.
4, this is not a coup. The government isn't forcibly changing.
5, Bitcoin is beyond the scope of the discussion. It adds nothing of value to it.
6, No one is giving up democracy for economic security. Most Greeks want to stay in the EU.
7, As far as I know, all Greeks in Greece are free. Just because they don't agree with you, doesn't mean they are un-free.
@_date: 2015-11-26 17:42:22
Yes, I can't think of nothing better than doing away with Financial Regulation. It's not as if, in the past 15 years, deregulation hasn't caused a Global Financial Meltdown or an 8 year-long recession or anything.
@_date: 2013-10-16 13:57:49
Sorry, Mr. Troll, I'm not gonna feed you. Have a good day!
@_date: 2013-11-26 21:57:57
I don't think parents would agree to that. Most people lack the financial sophistication to be even understand the concept of pegging a payment to another currency.
@_date: 2013-10-15 13:49:15
That's not how people think. They see comparative stability and they flock. Believe me, I've seen it. Not everyone is rational or informed.
@_date: 2013-04-17 00:49:07
Most of them are bankers...
@_date: 2013-05-31 03:47:51
You don't have to look too hard... Just look at pre-Keyenesian economies!!
@_date: 2013-10-15 02:25:21
I laugh at the notion that anyone is taking this seriously.
First of all, the proposal ("a decentralized reserve currency that remains stable in the long run") already exists. There is gold, which is physical and thus can be seized by the government, but otherwise is pretty independent from nation-states. There is bitcoin, which is arguably harder for nation-states to seize, but not impossible, as demonstrated by the Silk-Road drama. Finally, there is the [SDR]( which is not directly controlled by one nation-state, but it is controlled by the most powerful group of them... The downside of the SDR is that it is only available to the World's Central Banks, but it's not like this was impossible to change.
So, this proposal is a joke because what they are proposing already exist. It is a redundant propsal! But it is even more of a joke considering that one of the worst aggressors at manipulating currencies to benefit their own political situation is the country making the proposal. China has rejected, for the past 20 years, suggestions, demands, and everything in between, from the US to float their currency in the open market, or move towards that position. Obviously, they're not gonna stop anytime soon, when they still have so much of their population living in poverty and misery. Sure, hundreds of millions of Chinese live with American or European standards of living, but they are a nation of 1.5 billion people. They have even more hundreds of millions living with sub-saharan African standards of living. The poverty and the extreme inequality will become a huge social problem for China.
No, don't be fooled. They don't really want an end to the nation-state's grip on currency. What they want is an end to the United States' monopoly on being the world's reserve currency. All of that money that the Chinese are making, they have to save it somewhere, and most of the time, they save it in US treasury bonds, which may default next Thursday. This motivates their fear. The US is the World's Too-Big-To-Fail bank, and it results in America's relative prosperity (comparative to the rest of the world) and low interest rates for its population.
China would want to have that special place in the world, replacing America, but no one trusts China anywhere near to how the world trusts the US, even after current events in American politics have been calculated. And that's not gonna change anytime soon... So, since China can't just come out and say "hey, buy China treasury bonds instead of American treasury bonds", they say, "let's create an entity that will replace the US dollar as the world's reserve currency", and then they throw some populist language that is popular with libertarians and the anti-american sentiment of the socialists of Europe and Latin America, and that's how they nudge the ball towards the court where they want to play. But, don't be fooled. China is nowhere near suggesting an end to fiat currencies controlled by nation-states. It would be suicide for them to do so.
@_date: 2013-11-04 20:10:51
Yet it makes sense for Bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-05-22 17:13:26
Why are fractional banking and central banking "scams"?
@_date: 2013-10-15 04:59:46
And what's that got to do with what I said?
@_date: 2013-08-26 07:43:44
I read The Economist and am 100% pro-drug legalization.
@_date: 2013-11-04 18:59:30
So, what's the market cap of the US Dollar, the Japanese Yen, the Euro, the Canadian Dollar, the Chinese Renminbi, the Mexican Peso, or any other major currency?
@_date: 2013-04-27 21:21:02
I think what we have seen so far from bitcoin is exactly what economists would've expected from a similar hard currency.
It is a currency that doesn't easily depreciates, except in times of crisis where valuation is volatile, but overall, it tends to appreciate. This means, falling prices, disincentivizing consumption in the currency, but incentivizing savings in the currency.
This is bad for employment promotion, but good for value conservation. In other words, as other hard currencies, it is a conservative currency.
Yes, I've said it. With all of its revolutionary, socialist-sounding technologies (like peer-to-peer security and free-open-source architectures), Bitcoin is a conservative ideal.
@_date: 2013-04-16 22:18:18
What about Carlos Slim, Ricardo Salinas Pliego, Alberto Bailleres, German Larrea, Jerónimo Arango, Emilio Azcarraga Jr., Roberto Gonzalez Barrera, Roberto Hernandez, Alfredo Harp Helú, or Lorenzo Zambrano?
@_date: 2013-04-16 22:16:25
@_date: 2013-10-15 04:34:13
I don't disagree that the US is not very trustworthy right now due to the Snowden and Wikileaks cases. But they still are millions of times more trustworthy than China, particularly in the financial arena. And it's not just about the "tradition" of trusting the US. A lot of people around the world save their money in US dollars and US treasury bills because the currency is actually more stable than the one they've got back home. Please remember, the EU + Canada + Japan are less than 15% of the World's countries.
Finally, it's not about China ceding (not seeding) to American demands to allow for currency flotation. My point was that currency flotation is actually more transparent and open-market than direct currency control. It would not be a perfect libertarian utopia of no control, but it would be a big step towards that direction. The reason why I emphasized that China had not done anything about that was to highlight the improbability of this being a serious proposal, and the hypocrisy behind it. Finally, sure, it would have some impact in the American economy, but don't forget that China is not the only low-wage country, whereas America IS the only big-market country that will buy most of China's output. China needs America more than America needs China.
@_date: 2013-06-04 14:09:41
Isn't that exactly what the [SDR]( is?
@_date: 2013-10-15 13:50:02
They say it to undermine America. Nothing more.
@_date: 2013-04-16 22:16:11
Are you kidding? Mexico's business climate is incredibly conservative. Forget about 3D printing. These guys (Mexican businessmen) believe that investing in electronic commerce is a phase!!
Source: I am from Mexico.
@_date: 2013-10-15 13:43:10
Except that doing so would mean not spending on something else, and the government doesn't have the authority to make that decision without Congressman who hasn't made any decision...
@_date: 2013-07-16 18:53:13
I can now see The Economist publishing its "Bitcoin Index", trying to gauge how stable is a particular nation's currency...
@_date: 2013-10-15 13:58:33
I'm writing it off as insurance. China has it's own financial markets overheating and are going to have and inflation problem at home, soon. The immensely corrupt establishment is simply positioning itself, not the country, to survive the storm.
@_date: 2013-05-25 16:35:52
Bitcoin's main appeal as a currency is that it is anti-inflationary. It behaves like gold. Naturally, people that like(d) the gold-standard and "getting rid of the Fed", or people who believe that Central Banking is a "scheme" (in other words, people who are generally opposed to Keynesianism) are those most likely to support Bitcoin.
Keynes, the father of Macroeconomics, defined a role for the State within the Economy, and for inflation. People who oppose Keynes (such Austrian economists and their supporters) do so because they oppose the idea that the State has a role in the Economy, and that inflation can actually be something helpful. This is the reason why they want something like Bitcoin or the gold standard. For them, inflation is a "scheme" that should be fought, and not an instrument to promote economic growth, as Keynes proposes.
A person who wants to pay taxes will feel this way because he is content with the Government's role in the economy. Otherwise, why support the government with Taxes? Naturally, the opposite is true. People who don't want the government to have a role in the economy are anti-tax. And since this type of people will also be attracted to some of Bitcoin's features, that's the reason why a lot of bitcoin supporters will also be anti-tax.
Don't get me wrong. Bitcoin is a wonderful tool with a great promise. But one of its features is being deflationary (as opposed to inflationary), due to the natural scarcity of the currency. Thus, it will always attract people who oppose inflation (and by extension, the Government).
@_date: 2013-10-15 13:44:08
Data doesn't support those assertions.