@_author: huangr93
@_date: 2019-06-21 09:49:24
since the 2000s, when credit card use became widespread, and you could pay almost everything with cards or online transactions i.e. going to web portal to pay tuition fees, boarding, or buying stuff, I have believed that eventually paper money is no longer needed. What will replace money is digital signals. What I didn't expect and also found absurd was when Bitcoin first came out, because I couldn't grasp nor understand its implication, or why anybody would adopt it. 
As with fiat currency, the only value Bitcoin could have is what people ascribed to it, since like paper/digital signals, it has no intrinsic value. Because Bitcoin had no government/country/physical assets to back it, I really didn't believe why anybody would give value to something that's just conjured up.
Now I am thinking, it's basically just like digits shown in online banking accounts, I am believing that $100 dollars in my banking account is $100 at the bank vault, when in reality, the bank vault is empty. The bank no longer actually need to carry that $100 in bills as long as I believe that it is there. If there comes a day where paper currency disappears, then there is no difference in fiat currency and Bitcoin, other than fiat currency is controlled by governments.
Which brings me to my last point, is that governments can easily print money which makes it no different from conjuring up Bitcoin through mining operations.
Now I don't have any Bitcoin--do I regret not getting into Bitcoin when it started? No, not really; I didn't understand it, but I am looking it. I like the idea of being able to go anywhere in the world and use Bitcoin. But only if Bitcoin stops fluctuating so much like a speculative tulip.
Imagine Bitcoin achieving something the Euro has achieved in Europe, but on a worldly scale.
@_date: 2019-06-27 08:47:03
@_date: 2019-06-21 09:55:18


that would be the same with people on r/wallstreetbets. i doubt they'd feel anything if anything went up or down by 15%.
@_date: 2019-06-21 11:55:15
yup, i'm not sure how bitcoin would be used to increase/decrease money supply, or this is a tool that would no longer be needed in a bitcoin economy. theoretically people can buy smaller and smaller fractions of a whole bitcoin, in effect "increasing the supply," and either the bitcoin value must go up or products/services must go down in bitcoins charged.