@_author: hubbabubbahobo
@_date: 2014-02-22 11:00:39
How so?
@_date: 2014-02-22 11:29:39
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. 
@_date: 2014-02-22 13:57:10
Sometimes it does although that is irelevant. It doesn't make me anti-wealth. 
The Golden Rule is *Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.*
@_date: 2012-01-08 15:28:56
And then the difficulty would increase accordingly. I don't know if there is anybody both motivated and able to take over the network in the face of opposition from the community. 
@_date: 2012-04-09 13:50:34
I noticed one of his criteria is that the currency have infinite duration. I was wondering if you'd heard of [Freicoin]( It's a Bitcoin fork that has [demurrage]( built in as an alternative to inflation to provide economic stimulus. 
@_date: 2012-11-19 12:47:47
That's true (and a significant drawback) but neither is most of OSX.
@_date: 2012-02-15 13:46:40


I tend to think Ripple implemented on a wide scale across many federated and connected servers would provide almost everything Bitcoin could and much more but there are still some areas Bitcoin has the edge. 
The irreversibility and pseudonymity of the transactions as well as the ability to store/hide value without regard for the security of a server on which it resides can't be matched by Ripple. 
@_date: 2012-03-11 14:00:17


There are plenty like me involved with Occupy that are against capitalism. A subset of the anti-capitalists are against money but there wouldn't be many. What size share do you call significant?
@_date: 2012-02-16 12:55:42


To expand on jdkeith's point, you don't quite understand the Ripple system. 
Ripple is about the transfer of debt using routing that is somewhat analogous to the way the internet moves data. That debt can be denominated in whatever currency you want but it doesn't require any of those people to physically handle cash or even be aware they were a link in a transaction between the person buying your Bitcoin and you. 
You send them the agreed upon amount of Bitcoin using the Bitcoin client after they send you the agreed upon amount of the currency you seek using Ripple. Both transactions are roughly instant and there is no reason why it couldn't be between me here in Japan and you wherever you are. You would then go and pick up the cash from the friend/colleague/acquaintance you originally entered into the Ripple relationship with. The Ripple client will tell you who that is. 
They oughtn't feel the need to freak out when you do because part of the Ripple agreement is that they will give the other party up to a certain amount of a specific currency should they ask. And if they check their account, they will also happen to find a connection of theirs has also agreed to a matching debt to them so it evens out overall. This same process can repeat all the way back to me here in Japan and yet nobody needs to worry about the ultimate original transaction. In practice, most of those people can and would leave the debt in the system the same way we leave most of our money in bank accounts now. 
Check out Ripple-project.org for more about how it could work. 
@_date: 2012-11-18 09:18:17
BoxCryptor is a nice frontend for encfs.
@_date: 2011-05-21 04:00:10
The difficulty would increase dramatically and then their yields would only be in the range of hobbyists using GPUs. 
@_date: 2011-07-13 13:01:05
I upvoted you just so my reply doesn't get lost with yours. I don't remember you at all. Did I delete some of your spam or an abusive comment or something?
@_date: 2011-06-25 12:07:38
Cheating is really a kids' word for breaking the rules in a game. Democratic societies make laws that govern things like banking. You don't like some of those laws. Neither do I but cheating doesn't come into it.  
And as for artificial stimulation of the economy, how do you distinguish between an artificial kind of stimulus and the natural kind? Was there some kind of natural stimulus that brought on the Bitcoin bubble? Or was that artificial too?
@_date: 2011-07-25 01:29:35
The big drawback for the web of trust model is that it doesn't scale well for very large populations.
@_date: 2011-06-07 03:11:57
The bank accounts are really the only vulnerable assets. They can take the servers bu so long as they are backed up to an offsite facility, the machines themselves don't amount to much. I just transferred funds to their Japanese account but I have no idea if he uses it to hold balances or if it is merely to facilitate getting funds into a Mt. Gox account. The Japanese government won't just snatch or freeze accounts without telegraphing their actions. When the heat comes, Mt. Gox will set up accounts in the Caymans or Nauru if they haven't already.
@_date: 2011-11-26 04:59:52
*Parity* can't be anything other than a noun in English.
@_date: 2011-06-23 23:02:25
Ripple might be the best solution for a way to trade in and out of Bitcoin. No need to trust an exchange's integrity or technical competence.  
Find someone on bitcoin-otc who has a trustworthy score in the Web of Trust and enter into a ripple association with them at one of the services like ripplepay. As per the terms of your agreement on bitcoin-otc, one of you sends BTC and the two of you register a debt denominated in a particular currency. That debt can then be used to pay other debts in that currency. The debt holder can even set an interest rate if the debtor is desperate for a transfer.
@_date: 2011-06-13 00:26:02
I'd give you access to the article after 1 confirmation which should only take a few seconds. .01 isn't worth worrying about double spending. If someone did that to me, I'd block their IP just to make it a little more inconvenient for them to be a cheap dick like that again.
@_date: 2011-06-29 06:40:50
I've never thought they would see that much of a jump in overall sales but I've wondered if they've taken advantage of Bitcoin mining as a stress tester for each unit. Once a unit comes off the line, they plug it in and use it for hashing for 24 hours or so.  
I guess the biggest obstacle would be AMD's accountants and lawyers who wouldn't be all that sure about the status of Bitcoin or the revenues they earn through it. Same story as the EFF.
@_date: 2011-06-26 00:08:40
[Web of Trust](
@_date: 2011-08-07 00:24:50
I don't see how the price could ever be 0. Plenty of people, including me, would buy the entire money supply if it ever bottomed out and keep it as a curiosity at least.
@_date: 2011-05-29 05:04:59
They really have to work on proofreading the text on their site. There are spelling errors and typos throughout. This is not the way to confer an air of legitimacy that will help instill confidence. My thinking is that if they can't spell, or at least spellcheck, how are they going to be with their coding, security and other stuff I can't check on.
@_date: 2011-06-28 00:37:20
Faster confirmations would be less secure. Offline spending would allow double spends. Transaction fees are set by the sender and can be as low as they want them to be. It's also as anonymous as the parties to a transaction want it to be. And lastly, a change in the legal footing is more for the legislators than the developers.  
I know Bitcoin isn't perfect but a new codebase won't fix any of the problems. Well, I don't think it would. Can you give some examples of the changes you would make to the source code? Or would you want to start from scratch for your version? There are other solutions apart from remaking or changing Bitcoin itself. [Ripple]( networks provide workarounds for the first 2 issues for example.
@_date: 2011-08-03 14:50:50
Why should one mean the other is suspect? Derivatives are essential for Bitcoin to go anywhere.
@_date: 2011-06-13 02:49:40
It's nice that he's doing interviews but he seems to have abandoned ripplexchange.com which is the main hub I've found for discussion about ripple. Daniel has the majority of the posts there but his last post was 10 days ago. He also hasn't authorised my first post to the forum or responded to a request that he do that either.
@_date: 2011-09-15 17:04:19
You'd have to be upfront with some more details. What are your areas of expertise? Jurisdictions you are familiar with? Something tells me you're American so how much use would you be to me, as an Australian living in Japan, if I wanted details on setting up a business where I live?
What's in it for you? I like to know people's motives if something serious is on the line. If it's altruism then you could do pro bono work and still keep it above board. It can't be money because price is the only area you can compete in and you'd be able to make more money above board as well.
Are you a law student who hasn't passed the bar exam yet? Here's a tip; stop using "quotation marks" that way. Your professors and tutors probably hate it as much as I do.
@_date: 2011-06-19 08:49:37
I don't quite follow. Can you elaborate a little more? What exactly would you be bringing to either ripple or Bitcoin with a new protocol? Both projects are a natural fit for each other but I'm not sure what your specific project entails.
@_date: 2011-06-06 12:33:14


By whom?
@_date: 2011-08-05 06:59:32
This is inexcusable. There is no apology and not even any recognition of negligence. It doesn't matter how an attacker managed it, Williams and/or his associates are responsible for this. The nonsense about receivership reminds me of Mark Karpeles' vague comments about an auditor being responsible for the Mt.Gox breach. 
Williams is using what he thinks are fancy terms in the same way Karpeles used non-disclosure agreements to confuse and pacify people with questions. The problem is that there are so many Bitcoin users who know nothing about finance so there's little pressure on either of them to answer the myriad questions either of those answers inspire. 
Williams might even be able to carry on with business after this using the same name as Mark Karpeles has been able to.
@_date: 2011-07-26 13:42:52
Blindbitcoin looks interesting. They have a Tor site too which is a nobrainer for this purpose.
@_date: 2011-07-11 13:21:01
What do you mean by trouble? Like an unintended denial of service attack?
@_date: 2011-11-11 12:07:07
Yeah, I was expecting that to happen as we go into the northern hemisphere winter. With rigs needing less cooling, and even providing a measure of heating, mining should start to take off again. 
@_date: 2011-06-17 22:24:42
Tor version: 
@_date: 2011-07-15 00:52:05
That .org site doesn't have much to offer people completely new to this stuff. It's mostly for developers at this stage. open-mesh.com sells the actual hardware you need to set up a network and it is accessible to non-techie people. Also, if you guys really like this stuff, subscribe to [r/meshnetworking](
@_date: 2011-07-05 03:15:30
God, I'm on a roll today. I can't believe how obvious that is. Thanks for the clarification
@_date: 2011-06-12 14:31:08
Spare the sarcasm. I'm sorry you think I've been patronising but you seem hung up on this idea that you'll be better off or even OK in a deflationary economic environment simply because your spending power is increasing. I'm trying to make the point that a healthy environment for investment will be of more benefit to you and the rest of society than a deflating currency. There will be a greater range of stuff for you to buy, at lower prices and a healthier infrastructure for wherever you live. You might not care about the rest of society but others do and all of our preferences and choices (yours and mine) are definitely within the domain of philosophy. Specifically ethics and political philosophy.
@_date: 2011-06-12 08:40:26
I can understand that but when you hold money that's deflating, you are the only one that benefits. A small rate of inflation encourages consumption and investment which benefits more than the one party holding a particular sum of money.
@_date: 2011-08-16 15:12:41
Have a look at [Ripple]( networks. Many of the users I know of are nearby you. We also have a subreddit: [r/ripplers](
@_date: 2011-08-25 05:27:08
That is not true. You can find out from a service like Blockexplorer if they have been sent. In fact, blockexplorer is even faster because your client would have to download the new blocks that have been written since it was last online.
@_date: 2011-10-05 23:23:13
Actually, I have him in a Diaspora aspect but I'd never looked through his site. Thanks for the link and the OP. 
@_date: 2011-07-13 12:44:28
Wrong how? The cops had no obligation to force the company to take the pennies? I don't know about that. The US might not have the same restrictions Australia has. I'm wondering if they were doing it just to keep the peace rather than follow the letter of the law. All that matters is which side a judge takes in the end.
@_date: 2011-05-22 15:59:23
@_date: 2011-06-29 13:42:50
I can understand the desire for some of the people in the community to replicate conventional institutions like banks and found solid ones based in Bitcoin. However, I think we can do better than that. We really should insist on better actually. Some of the foundations for a better paradigm than we have now are already in place. For example, Ripple networks allow faster, cheaper, more trustworthy transactions and credit on far better terms than traditional banks can or will offer.   
Deterministic wallets to use another example are the most striking Bitcoin idea I've heard of since I learnt about Bitcoin itself. Those alone will address many of the issues a bank is meant to sort out.   
It's great that people are trying to start up new ventures like banks and I'm willing to give wehberf the benefit of the doubt with this and I wish him luck. I just hope that most people will come to see that banks are not an essential element for Bitcoin as they are for traditional currencies.
@_date: 2011-05-25 02:13:56
Quantum cryptography would break the world not just Bitcoin. Bitcoin will be so far down the list of targets for any attacker with the capability that Bitcoin might almost be considered a refuge due to its obscurity. File quantum cryptography scenarios away with the rapture. Sure, both would be awesome fun but they'll both mean the end of scoiety as we know it now.
@_date: 2011-06-27 14:02:29
Did you mean *how much funds are actually available* in your first sentence? Also, I don't understand this idea of legalised cheating or theft. Cheating isn't a legal concept. It isn't possible to legalise or criminalise it anymore than ugliness or inefficiency although laws might be enacted to minimise other things that cause those situations. Theft *is* a legal concept, but legalised theft is an oxymoron. If it's legal, it's no longer theft. For example, you might not agree with taxes or fines but to call them *legalised theft* is more rhetoric than factual statement.  
If you go to any bank and ask how much funds you have available, they will honestly tell you your full account balance is available. And it isn't a lie because in the event of a bank run, every account holder will be able to get all of their funds because any solvent government backing the bank will pay depositors in full if necessary. There is no cheating involved. Again, I'm not saying it's the best possible economic system, I'm just saying that cheating or fairness aren't valid criticisms of it.
@_date: 2011-06-28 23:27:14
It will be a while before you could say Bitcoin is illegal. Apple doesn't have to wait until then though if they don't like it.
@_date: 2011-06-05 01:33:31
They will take yen but Japanese law insists that yen transfers require a reason and the Mt. Gox interface isn't set up for that. I emailed and Mark Karpeles responded within minutes with that explanation. They have a bank account you can do a furikomi transfer to and then you're all set to trade.  
Where are you? I'm also in the sticks of Hiroshima. I'd like a meet up if there are other redditors in these parts.
@_date: 2011-05-30 01:23:11
Do the answers to your questions matter as much as the answers to my questions? Perhaps you think they matter more.
@_date: 2011-06-24 15:07:53


Actually, if it's just for transactions between friends, [ripple]( is an even better idea. Check r/ripplers for more links.
@_date: 2011-07-13 02:31:11
I subscribe to the podcast and they do a great job but the economist near the end talking about legal tender told it wrong. I'm sure he was dumbing it down for us hoi polloi but the mistake is significant. He said legal tender means I *must* take it if someone wants to pay me in it. This isn't true. It means, with qualifications, that I must accept it if someone offers it to settle a debt. But if I don't provide the good or service *before* payment, there is no debt. If you come into my service station and scoff down a chocolate bar before I can tell you I no longer accept the local money I can't do much when you offer me a note to pay me with.   
I have to make it clear before I provide a good or service that I don't accept whatever your jurisdiction's legal tender is. That's legal for me to do. I can also make individual exceptions on a case by case basis. For example, a paper boy can refuse a 500 euro note for a newspaper. Or a $100 or a ¥500 coin for that matter if he doesn't have change. You can also refuse payment in pennies.   
People can demand whatever payment they want.
@_date: 2011-05-25 04:16:01


I wasn't expecting you to accept it as a decent answer. Writing *Don't dodge this* is a way of trying to force the reader into accepting your premise of imminent quantum cryptography. However, I don't accept it and I don't think it is an important practical consideration at this time or any time soon. When it does become available, it will be used against states and multinational corporations. Not for email hacking but for seizing control of or denying the use of weapons systems, databases or utilities for example.  
When an attacker is done with those high value targets, then they will come for Bitcoin, old Reddit accounts and whatever systems of yours that you're talking about.
@_date: 2011-07-01 23:53:33
[Web of Trust](  
At the moment, the trust in most implementations refers to the trust you have in the address (or any public key) actually belonging to a particular person. But it should be easy to extend the idea to where it includes trust that the holder of the key isn't a scammer or arsehole in general.  
You can also route trust (along with credit and payments) amongst nodes that aren't even directly connected by using [ripple networks](
@_date: 2011-12-03 04:58:01


Of course not. If the reality were such that any of those businesses got _all_ of their revenue in the form of Bitcoin, we wouldn't be discussing ways to increase its use. This is like when people say there are not enough Bitcoins to possibly replace all extant currencies. Either situation is a pretty sweet problem to have.
@_date: 2011-06-09 05:49:59
When you register, they'll ask for a referral code and after you're signed up, you'll get your own. Redditors signing up should use one from this thread and post their own back here for the next guy. Here's mine;
@_date: 2011-06-07 14:03:57
Sure but what is Bitcoin doing there that cash or cheques or credit cards aren't? I agree that Bitcoin takes a lot of the friction out of transactions especially when they aren't face to face but remember that Ripple has been around longer than Bitcoin and before Bitcoin, Ripple advocates were happy to think in terms of dollars, hours or more novel units of trade. Bitcoin is not the killer app Ripple has been waiting for but it will fit in nicely. Bitcoin's biggest contribution to Ripple might be the people it brings in as a result of being exposed to new, alternative modes of finance and currency. For example, has gotten a few subscribers from this one post.  
This post already has a higher score than /ripplers has subscribers so I might as well post an old 20 minute lecture on Ripple networks I've just finished watching.  
@_date: 2011-06-19 01:59:30
You understand that your role as a moderator is at least partly to keep the level of discourse high right? If you want to be a juvenile fanboy then do it from another account. Terms like *butthurt*, baseless insinuations and stupid emoticons aren't good moderating. I don't agree with what the parent is saying either but there are more articulate and reasonable ways to express yourself.
@_date: 2011-07-05 01:28:49
On second thoughts, I never really liked the official one. I saw that page you linked to a couple months ago and appreciated the amount of thought that went into it. If most people move to using this then it would become the real one regardless of the official symbol.  
I don't think it's too late to start campaigns here and on the other forums to establish standards within communities as a start. 
@_date: 2011-06-10 05:39:42


I don't think anybody has ever misunderstood me that badly before. Either my written expression needs some work (in which case I ought to quit teaching English) or your reading comprehension needs some work in which case I will tutor you for Bitcoins. ;-)
@_date: 2011-06-23 15:08:10
Have you asked around on bitcoin-otc?   
Get someone to put up an ad in a small computer store or even at the computer faculty at a university. It should be easy to meet up and do a swap as I'm sure there are Singaporeans as eager to buy as you are to sell.
@_date: 2011-06-07 00:06:56
Post this to It's a nobrainer for their sidebar there. I'm a subscriber but there are only 10 others so it's kind of stalled at the moment and their isn't much development or talk of it going on anywhere else that I can find. Ripple has been around a lot longer than Bitcoin but has never seen the explosive sort of growth that Bitcoin has. I think that's a shame because it's an even more worthy project.  
Bitcoin has more use for Ripple than the other way around. With Ripple, small on the spot transactions can be cleared without any of the verification lag that is necessary to stop double spending. If the network declares a double spend then Ripple can just register a small debt to the vendor which may be long after the buyer has walked off down the street. I'm not sure what Bitcoin has to offer Ripple in return but it doesn't really need to offer anything I guess. It's certainly no worse than any other currency option.
@_date: 2011-06-27 12:34:40
Enigmail and Thunderbird are far and away the easiest way to fully incorporate GPG into your security no matter what platform you're on. Apart from those 2 things, Linux actually has the easiest tools for using GPG and OSX has the least developed. All 3 major platforms can do all the same stuff through the command line though.   
Unfortunately, Gmail's web client can't handle encryption or signing as is. There was an extension called FireGPG and that has been replaced by Penango. You need to jump through some hoops to install and use it and it doesn't work with Firefox 5 yet but it's good when it does work.   
I suggested GPG to Adam when he warned me to be careful with messages because he was aware of phishing attempts with people claiming to be Mt.Gox. He politely concluded the email conversation we were having. I'm not sure if he knew what GPG was or just knew it was no use trying to get Karpeles to use it but it would be trivially easy and cheap which I think is Karpeles' first consideration.
@_date: 2011-06-27 14:33:58
The advantages will have to be worth more than Bitcoin owners' holdings. I don't know what those advantages would be. A small window where a reversal is possible? An inflationary tendency? Accounts and addresses tied to signed email accounts? A lot of people think all of those things as well as any other possible changes would be disadvantages.
@_date: 2011-06-19 02:41:23
There's a first time for everything. This is the first time I've seen a mod get criticised and his response is to make his critic a moderator.  
So, this will be my last comment as a regular user to this subreddit from this account. As a moderator, I'd rather give the illusion of some sort of impartiality and if there is something I feel I simply must comment on, I'll go and make an alternate account.  
Thats an uncommon lack of ego you got there AtlasLGo. I trust you and everyone else will be frank when you think I mess up.
@_date: 2011-05-26 01:17:50
They are bullshit artists. Do a search on their name and the results fall into one of three categories. Primarily there are links back to their own promotional material. Secondly there are links to tech related sites that are simply regurgitating their press releases without much in the way of comment. Finally, there are third parties offering actual analysis all of which is skeptical.
  
Working QC would be the biggest story so far this century and it won't be one that stays stuck in obscurity for decades as these guys have.
@_date: 2011-07-01 23:29:37
"They have thousands… they have millions of clientses"  
Good find. He seems like a nice guy but he's hard to listen to.
@_date: 2011-06-25 01:19:54


No. This is fractional-reserve banking. The government backs those banks if there is a run on them for their deposits. It's not cheating and it is one way of promoting investment which helps an economy grow. 
@_date: 2011-05-29 12:18:25
I don't see the point of giving them to Redditors since they would have come from Redditors in the first place. Amnesty, EFF, FSF, UNICEF, Wikileaks. There are loads of worthy causes. At this stage the question is which of them will take Bitcoins. I know Wikileaks do and in economic parlance, to not accept them would be called leaving money on the table so others ought to be following soon. Then the question would be why give to this subreddit unless the money is used to increase value for the members here.
@_date: 2011-06-22 05:24:32
Most of the legal issues could be avoided by staying away from US based services. Bitcoin exchanges are more hindered than protected by American regulations and the government.  
Ripple should be a great component of a strong Bitcoin financial infrastructure. An infrastructure stronger than our current, conventional one in fact. The problem is the exchanges need to trust each other and anybody that trusted MtGox betrays themself as lacking in good judgement.  
I don't know that we have anybody in the game at the moment who we can say is rock solid. Silk Road or TradeHill seem pretty competent so far so we're really waiting for them build a longer track record of *not* screwing up or doing stupid stuff like emulating Mt Gox's penny pinching approach to security, web design, PR and so on.  
For anybody who'd like to know more about Ripple, we have There are links to some different Ripple services as well as an FAQ and the main forum at ripplexchange.com
@_date: 2011-06-07 02:18:07
True but the concept of trust is a little different with a Ripple network. When you say you trust a friend, you mean that you feel you can tell them stuff and they won't go spreading the news around or using the information to their advantage. Also, you don't think they would do anything to hurt you in general. That kind of trust is just a subset of the trust you need to extend credit to someone with Ripple. I feel that way about my friends and family and would extend them credit. I definitely do not feel that way about banks, governments or any large companies but I would happily enter into Ripple arrangements with a lot of them.  
For me it just isn't possible to have the friend type of trust in any entity other than a person even if it was group I care for like Amnesty or Wikileaks but that kind of trust isn't necessary. The key is that although I believe many of them would exploit the info I give them for profit or perhaps use their legal muscle to hurt me in all sorts of ways, I also understand that anybody in a Ripple network has a lot riding on their willingness to make good on their debts.   
Ripple advertises failure to pay far more effectively than deadbeats are exposed now. With our current system, you need to go to the expense and effort of running a credit check. A credit check gives just a snapshot and they are often flawed unbeknownst to their subject. Also, you only run one for the sake of large sums but that means you have no basis for judging someone's reliability with small sums. However,  you can look at nodes in Ripple the way you can look at peers in Bittorrent or feedback on eBay and can evaluate an entity's trustworthiness from the amount they have accumulated and their history. 
@_date: 2011-06-12 11:47:02


You wrote the answer to that in the very next paragraph. It was also explained by me and the parent poster. The deflationary currency you want would not be good for the economy as a whole because it would slow investment which makes us all wealthier on average. If Bitcoin remains just one of several alternatives along with fiat currencies then deflation shouldn't be a big problem. However, Bitcoin would see greater growth potential if it had a small inflationary tendency. It might even be a good thing if such a currency became the dominant one in the world economy. Bitcoin would be a disaster if it became dominant and remained delationary though.  
It doesn't matter if economic growth comes from avoidance of a negative even if you really could characterise the desire to invest as that. That's a little like saying you'd rather not eat because it's an attempt to avoid hunger. Investment and the sophisticated economies that go with it are why our standards of living are so much higher than our ancestors.
@_date: 2011-06-24 03:33:49
This is true. The difference is that ripple implementations are open source. If one of them is doing the wrong thing, you can either change it or shift to a new service that *is* getting it right. With Mt.Gox, we have to trust that they are honest and competent and it seems they are not safe assumptions.  
But absoutely. Ripple needs development and is not a panacea for the current weaknesses in the infrastructure around Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2011-06-19 02:14:11
I'm sure you will but a good moderator doesn't do that. And unless you start posting blatant spam or something insane like links to porn, the administrators aren't going to do anything other than leave our Reddit with a moderator who openly says he'll do what he pleases and is unconcerned about how he expresses himself.  
Whether or not you are good at the role you've volunteered for is not a point of pedantry.
@_date: 2011-06-25 23:38:38


Hyperbole is one thing but tone down the aggression and nastiness. I can see you're trying to say some intelligent things but feeling passionate about your ideas is no excuse for incivility. I'm not offended but I'm here for the discussion which involves listening and speaking. Now, when you call me a troll, you're indicating that you've stopped listening and so this becomes more of a one way rant for you rather than a discussion and I'm not here for that. I'm not going to let you stick around for that either.  
If I saw you respond to someone else the way you have here, I'd be doing this with a much shorter private message where I simply tell you to play nice or leave. No further explanation.  
I can promise I always keep an open mind. If I don't agree with you, try and make me see the error of my ways with reason and facts. It really does occasionally work on me. And if you can't manage to do that without getting all patronising and silly then it might just be time to avoid interacting with someone who fails to see get what you're saying.  
I've lived across the border from a police state so I have an idea what they're like and no, I'm not trying to turn this community into one. Just trying to keep the noise down and ensure we all remember our manners. But the next message where I wave the moderator stick at you will be a very short one Bobby.  
So let's leave it here. No need for an apology or another attack. No need for you to explain yourself or argue the point or even respond in any way. The next time we interact can be a fresh start. I'll keep an eye out for your posts and comments for a while.
@_date: 2011-06-22 09:25:35
I thought it was Adam Barr that was on the Bitcoin show. He was the MtGox guy on the phone who had to keep checking everything with someone in the background. From the emails I've received from Karpeles and his blog posts, his English is pretty poor. Hence Barr acting as a stand-in.
@_date: 2011-06-23 04:54:48
I've never understood how this is different to Mybitcoin or blindbitcoin except they can operate over TOR.
@_date: 2011-07-11 21:08:27
We do need the competition though.
@_date: 2011-09-20 08:58:48
The most common regret I hear from miners isn't that they became involved with Bitcoin but that they started mining. The best way to get Bitcoin is to offer a good or service for it. I'd even say that you could charge a premium over the regular dollar value just by pricing in Bitcoin. 
If your first response to that is that you have nothing to offer, have another think about it. Taking Bitcoin in payment opens up a lot more possibilities due to the possibilities for micropayments and anonymity for example.
The second best way is to do an exchange. Try and avoid the big centralised ones like MtGox. If you're in or near a large urban area, you can probably find people willing to do person to person exchanges.
Before you do any of this, make sure you have a good understanding of computer security. Learn about phishing and how to avoid it and other scams. When you are confident you have your system locked down, *then* you can have a look at mining and what it entails. The wording of your OP makes it obvious you're missing a lot of the fundamentals of Bitcoin and it leads me to believe you might have some stuff to learn about good password policies and the like.
Stay well away from Bitcoin until you are confident you're fairly safe from getting hacked or conned.
@_date: 2011-07-14 00:54:23
It's a good idea. A small charge for each address is a good revenue model. It sounds like some of the functionality would overlap with  Have a look at them too.
@_date: 2011-06-12 08:35:42
I don't see how greater ease of convertability could be built into the next cryptocurrency. 
@_date: 2011-08-13 13:02:54
Interesting stuff and I like the way the presenter is explaining it (I'm only half done). For those who are interested, yes it's worth the couple extra steps to watch it since Youtube canned it. Point a newbie to this for a fuller explanation than the weusecoins youtube vid.
@_date: 2011-07-30 05:25:04
Take a trip to the local uni's computer faculty or a one of the local computer users groups and see if there are any people there you can do regular trades with. If there are, you can set up [Ripple]( relationships with them and start building up a network of people to trade with on an ongoing basis. Trading over Ripple involves no fees and you can trust individuals you know more than some of the overseas Bitcoin exchanges and services.
@_date: 2011-07-13 05:19:21
Yes, I remember this. It was quite amusing but I'm going off my high school economics classes in Australia and coins there are only legal tender up to certain amounts. At least that was the case 20 years ago.
@_date: 2011-06-13 13:15:15
None of the vested interests that benefit from government spending are willing to pass up the money required to balance the budget. It has nothing to do with your government not understanding how to budget. And if I'm to assume you mean the American government then I'm sure they have plenty of good instruction on Bitcoin at hand when they need it.   
Your country's problems have more to do with voter ignorance and government's pandering to special interests than it does with government ineptitude.
@_date: 2011-07-13 12:56:58
I'd take what he says with a grain of salt. I know he was wrong about legal tender although I'm sure he actually knows better. By private currencies, he's probably referring to Flooz or Beenz which were taken out with the dotcom crash.
@_date: 2011-07-13 01:39:46
I'm still around.   
I'd been having a back and forth with a new user, BobbyLarken, about a link to an Ayn Rand tract he was trying to post. It wasn't related to Bitcoin and well, it was Ayn Rand and so pretty painful for non-Rand fans to read. Anyway, every time he submitted it, it would get stuck in the spam queue and the user would mail the mods asking why we were assisting the state in the subjugation of free-thinkers like him and Ayn. I explained, repeatedly, that it was the spam filter that was impeding his relentless fight against tyranny but I wasn't prepared to pull an Ayn Rand tract out of the spam pile regardless of the lessons he believed were contained therein.  
I suggested he come back with a self post outlining *his* philosophical reasons for using Bitcoin. He did and although I didn't agree with any of it, it was well thought out and I could see how it could possibly generate some worthwhile discussion so I pulled it out of the spam queue since the spam filter had learnt to just gobble everything he submitted by that stage.  
I actually thought his self post would pose more of a threat to my position than the Rand novel excerpt. I wasn't picking weak opponents to let through in case anybody suspects that. Anyway, I guess he really wanted the Rand stuff in here because I'm thinking he got in touch with Atlas and whined as only a Randian Übermensch would. Well, Atlas Shrugged, went all John Galt on the other mods and brought in Jake (love what you did to the place by the way mate!).  
Meh. I'll be interested to see how things turn out. Atlas might be right that the users here will downvote crap into oblivion making moderators almost redundant. I thought it was amusing that that was exactly what happened with his self post announcing this brave new, non-coercive approach to an internet community.   
However, I think the Broken Windows Theory is a big determiner. The typical user won't clean up a shithole but they won't shit in a a nice clean room either. If active mods keep people to a set of standards, a community looks completely different to one where it's a free for all. Different and objectively better. Yes, I'm an anarchist all in favour of an oligarchy here on Reddit. A life of work and travel changes and nuances some of your views over time. Big systems like a national community and small ones like a family or an internet forum don't have the same optimal organisational structures. The difference between the real world and the internet is that it's easy to move between net communities but hard to find a good one and the reverse with the real world.  
We'll find out for sure who was right. I never banned or deleted stuff because it attacked my views. If anything, I promoted stuff I didn't believe in but thought made good fodder for discussion and I nixed plenty of bile about Mt.Gox although I despise it. But Atlas is a slimy young guy who already has a track record of clumsily concocted schemes to make money in scammy ways. The Bitcoin address in the sidebar over on the right there just appeared one day without explanation. He tried to just slip it in past the other mods without any discussion and it remained there until I started a thread about it. He put it there originally the way people might put one of their own addresses in a forum sig and as a forum moderator with colleagues, he saw no difference to that. A weaker, less creative individual like myself would have pulled the address and slunk away in shame but Atlas held to his selfish principles and the address's raison d'être became donations for ads shilling Bitcoin to the masses. Do a search through his posts and you'll find some of his ideas for these TV ads. They are awesome.  
There's been other stupid stuff too. He and a buddy were running a podcast and they put a browser miner on the site without telling people but I don't think Atlas ever really understood the problems with his integrity this sort of thing highlights. He's going places no doubt about it. The problem is that he's going to get into enough trouble eventually and his parents won't be able or willing to help him out which marks the end for most Ayn Rand fans' belief in their own superiority and irrepressible will to suceed.  
This place could get better, worse or stay the same. I don't think the latter is likely but I don't know which of the first two will come true. The anarchist in me likes to think it will be a blossoming of the potential of the people. Or it could become the forum at bitcoin.org with Atlas trying to get the occasional little scam through. If that happens, the community here will get forked and we'll start again. Like I said, it's easy to move between virtual communities but good ones require active moderation because social pressure doesn't have the same leverage it does in the offline world.
@_date: 2011-07-14 00:58:38
Post it again mate. I'm sure the community will give it the appropriate attention.
@_date: 2011-07-05 04:12:18
It's as official as being on the bitcoin.org site makes it. If more people use Ƀ, it will become the most legitimate form no matter what the official version is. I agree the the one Bitcoin was launched with on the official Bitcoin site looks monopoly money. The faux gold coin look has a cheap, scammy look to it which Bitcoin really doesn't need, especially at the moment.
@_date: 2011-06-12 12:28:52
Evolution put that pleasure sensation there so you would avoid starving to death. Both eating and investment provide benefits to an organism but evolution only instilled a desire to do one of those in all animals. That's pretty much why so few people starve to death out of simple apathy but most don't understand the importance of financial literacy.  
Inflation has negative connotations because it has gotten so out of hand at various times and in various places and so people have come to identify any inflation as an evil phenomenon like war or pestilence. In truth, a rate of inflation of around 1-2% maximises economic well-being when all other factors are held steady. The same applies to a small unemployment rate of about 3-4% actually. Those things are disastrous when they get up into the double digits though.  
It's a philosophical question. When you evaluate the desirability of a situation, (eg a world with a deflationary or inflationary currency) is there anything that influences your opinion about the correct course other than the consequences of that choice? Why does it matter what the motivations are for your choices?
@_date: 2011-06-13 07:48:45
Got the crazy eyes down pat doesn't he?
@_date: 2011-08-07 02:30:34
It will be an awful long time before we reach the limit which is just under 21 million. Even then, a large part of that volume will be unavailable due to abandoned and lost wallets. But I'd be willing to spend a couple hundred dollars to buy up what ever was available at fractions of a cent. There are plenty of other people willing to do the same such that the price in most markets would never go that low. $1 Bitcoins is a very different story to a million BTC for a few cents. 
@_date: 2011-06-12 06:32:49
I agree but what changes would/will be made to the next one? What have we learnt so far from this one? How could it be improved? I think I've heard all the extant criticisms but the only idea I think might be valid is that the next should be slightly inflationary perhaps. I'm starting to wonder if even that is inherently necessary though.
@_date: 2011-10-05 13:58:53
Funny you should say that. I just posted the following to a Diaspora thread where someone else posted the same link a few minutes ago.  
I wish the I2P and TOR guys would just merge their work. Each of them have so many unique strengths. TOR is a lot easier to set up and use and I've abandoned I2P for the time being.
If items 7, 10 and 13 on the list interest you, have a look at 
There isn't a boring project on the list. Locker seems to be in keeping with Diaspora's vision for user data. I'll keep an eye on it.  
2 and 3 seem to be about providing security for people in authoritarian ruled countries whereas 4, 6, 11 and 12 are more about building , securing and hardening resilient networks in our own communities before things get bad. Well, at least that's my take on them from a cursory scan of the article. Of these, I'd only heard of 4 and 6 but I'm interested in all of them and I'll be spending the next few hours (weeks?) looking into how I might contribute.
@_date: 2011-06-23 23:18:32
Bitcoin is inherently traceable in a way no other currency has ever been. It's cavalier attitudes to computer security that make it vulnerable to hackers.  
An alternative to exchanges is to find someone you can trust on bitcoin-otc and do a ripple transaction. Check out the sidebar at [r/ripplers]( for more info.
@_date: 2011-07-02 00:33:59
Ok. I didn't realise you were serious. From your link he seems to have some interesting things to say but do you really think he's the kind of speaker who could sway neutral observers or even people opposed to Bitcoin?
@_date: 2011-12-09 06:53:24
I don't know much about Somalia but if mobile phone ownership is anything like the rest of Africa then this might have a chance. Regular people will need to get Shillings onto the exchanges so that the recipients of the BTC remittances can convert them into Shillings. There is no way regular Somalis have reliable access to computers but cheap Chinese Android handsets with a Bitcoin client would make it possible. 
I don't know much about hawalla but I thought it did an endrun around banks. For example, the hawala agent in Minnesota records a debit and his counterpart in Mogadishu records a credit. Much like the [Ripple]( system.
@_date: 2011-06-23 00:48:40


This is true but the term you're looking for is *not-for-profit*. It's a small difference but it's the legal basis for most credit unions. I remember seeing a post floating the idea of credit unions when I first started looking around here. 
@_date: 2011-08-08 05:58:49


No. I think you a word in your comment. 
There's no need to imagine anything. Like I said in the grandparent comment, Morpheus has developed a decentralised, open source exchange platform that doesn't leave a user at the mercy of the person running the exchange. I believe he has a Reddit account but I forget his username. However, he's Morpheus on the Bitcoin forums and if you do a Google search on his username and "dark exchange" you'll find the thread where he announced and explained it.
Ripple networks are another way to exchange currencies and you only expose yourself to risk from people who've proven themselves trustworthy. Ripple has a subreddit and the link is in the sidebar for those who want to find out more.
Many exchanges will magnify our current problem of unproven amateurs starting up financial institutions that hold users' funds and get hacked or fuck off with the money. As for arbitrage, it does nothing other than bring uniformity and some stability to currency valuation. It doesn't help to make exchanges themselves better places to leave your money.
@_date: 2011-07-21 01:16:15
The worst possible Bitcoin interview I can think of at the moment would be Amir being interviewed by Bruce. Throw in some technical difficulties and it would be great material for the CIA's torture programmes. I wonder what the worst possible Bitcoin topic is that they could focus on to top it off. 
@_date: 2011-06-10 03:05:37


I'm sure this is the case for you now. Think about your friends or family. Do they have jobs? Perhaps your dad works for the local telecom, you have a buddy who does pizza delivery and your girlfriend is a law student and doing her articles for a legal firm. If all those people's employers choose to use Ripple to pay them wages, you too will be able to use Ripple to pay your phone bill, get a pizza and have a law firm write a letter for you. OK, so the pizzeria is the one most likely to go with Ripple but once the momentum builds up, the cost savings will make Ripple an attractive alternative for any entity that has do financial transactions.  
You don't need trust in the traditional sense though. Suppose your girl is in another social circle to you. If either of you cheat each the other, there is nobody around to condemn your actions but you're in love and really don't expect that so a Ripple association would be a good idea for the two of you. On the other hand, even though you barely know the pizza guy, you have tons of mutual friends and they are all in Ripple associations with both of you. If one of you cheats, the rest of your network will be inclined to burn that person because they don't want to have a deadbeat in their network. You can be confident in pizza guy because you have no idea if he is nice but you can bet he's rational as are most people and he won't want to lose the benefits of the network by being an arsehole.  
For the same reason, your girl can trust the law firm she's interning with. They are truly a heartless bunch of cunts. A fact she is well aware of because she slaves for the motherfuckers for fuck all money. However, she knows they won't stiff her on her pay because the Ripple network would advertise that even more effectively than if they decided to write her a traditional pay cheque that was a little short of what she was really owed.   
The more value a Ripple network has to you, the more likely you are to do right by the other nodes. 
@_date: 2011-07-18 00:49:38
That's the point. Incautious people should wake up or stay away from Bitcoin. Also, stay away from incautious businesses who hold or exchange your Bitcoins.  
Anyway, I like the way the new client is shaping up. Progress indicators are good UI.
@_date: 2011-08-07 02:11:53
The exchanges being shut down are a good, necessary and inevitable thing. They were a part of the existing financial paradigm that were brought across to Bitcoin but lacked the same legal protections and standing or the sophisticated participants their conventional counterparts have. The fact that Tom Williams can talk about receivership or Mark Karpeles can say he's bound by NDAs to not explain more about the breach then *not* be challenged with questions about those things shows how little most Bitcoin users understand about the law or corporate practices.
The operators and the users of conventional style institutions need to understand the law and finance culture that govern those institutions in the conventional world for users to be able to safely use them with Bitcoin. 
On the other hand, Morpheus' Dark Exchange or Ripple networks don't rely on trust in the same way banks and exchanges do. Their devs might not understand anything about the laws of the places in which they live but if they are good programmers and they open source their stuff, **you will not be ripped off with those methods** and the laws governments make to restrict Bitcoin will be irrelevant to them. 
Centralised exchanges like Mt.Gox or even TradeHill and Ruxum (which seem solid and professionally run so far) need to die first for the decentralised alternatives to get the necessary attention and breathing space. 
@_date: 2011-06-25 12:16:49
It's true there is no money in the ripple website but the ripple servers represent the accounts of everybody in the network. The network needs to be as secure as an exchange because ripple accounts and their transactions are as valuable to someone in control of them as a bank or trading account.  
I think it can and will be done and keeping it open source will help ripple stay secure but it isn't any less vulnerable than Bitcoin istelf. Anything to do with money is a vector for fraud.
@_date: 2011-06-20 00:00:16
Yep. I marked it as spam too. Perhaps Google will use that to train other people's filters as well as mine. 
@_date: 2011-09-10 23:50:25
Any kind of savvy means you'd stay the hell away from MtGox. Ripple or bitcoin-otc are safer ways to exchange money. MtGox is going to have to crash and really burn a few more people before this lesson sinks in which is frustrating. 
@_date: 2011-07-05 01:32:17


Ah yes. Red-green blindness is the most common kind of colour blindness. I hadn't thought of that.
@_date: 2011-08-12 12:18:43
Russian addresses that can only be resolved down to the country level. Same as the one in kansas.
@_date: 2011-07-05 01:08:25
I thought the way he denotes denominations by colour works much better than I expected it to. The currency symbol needs to change. The real one has vertical lines poking out the top and bottom so even the Thai Baht symbol would be better although still not quite right.
@_date: 2011-06-25 01:15:36
No, but attacks on the network could allow scammers to spoof your neighbours for example. Then they can draw on your credit and take off after leaving a mess behind. 
@_date: 2011-07-10 14:44:09


It's only about 13mb at the moment I believe. As a one time download, that isn't too much for most cell phone plans.  


This is already allowed for in the protocol. When the block chain really does get too long, client nodes like BitCoinJ can be coded that will download only the block headers.  
Eventually, the only people who would even want to have the entire blockchain would be hackers and financial or research institutions. 
@_date: 2011-09-07 09:59:45
It's not enough to not have a bad reputation. You need a good reputation and you only get that by being honest. Sure, you can start over fresh but I wouldn't deal with a blank page. Who would? How do you think Silk Road lasted this long? 
@_date: 2013-03-31 06:49:52
Looks like they don't want to leave themselves too exposed in the case of a devaluation. They should let the price update in relation to whatever the local currency is.
@_date: 2013-03-28 01:30:17
Argument by dictionary is prone to fail especially when there is more than one meaning for a word. 
I think you'd like The *an-caps are anarchists* idea is a mainstay there.
@_date: 2013-01-15 13:45:20
Negotiate. Explain your situation to to the person you're in debt to. People who have nothing but a business relationship between them do that when circumstances change. Surely 2 people who are likely friends can work something out.
@_date: 2013-03-28 01:17:02


I think you're conflating incompatible concepts. Nobody would call themselves both of this things. Only an opponent using one or both of those words as a slur. Maybe the way someone would call a particularly brutal Marxist dictator a communist and a Nazi. Those words also have a derogatory use but the man himself would only answer to one of them.
Socialism originally posited the end of the state. The idea of socialists and big government got jumbled together after WWI when socialists seized control of government in Britain and used the state to achieve some of their ends. It seems to be a particularly American meme to this day that socialism == big, authoritarian government. 
Some of us prefer the original aims of socialism. i.e. no government.
@_date: 2013-03-27 13:33:05
I like Bitcoin and I'm an anarchist.
@_date: 2013-05-03 04:20:22
XRP should be just a tiny part of the money supply. People are focussing too much on XRP as a currency rather than as an anti-spam measure. Buy a thousand XRP for a few cents and use other currencies if you can't get past it.  After, the XRP is distributed, OpenCoin won't even have control of that.
@_date: 2013-03-28 01:08:54
Mutualism. Free market, anti-state, anti-capitalist socialism. 
@_date: 2013-05-25 12:42:01
The money for child porn thing has always struck me as bullshit. I think it's a way to smear cryptocurrencies by associating it with the worst possible thing in the entire universe.
Who the hell buys regular porn? It would only be the dummies that can't work out how to get it for free. The same with kiddie porn. And anyway, it seems to me that most of it is made by amateurs and swapped in kind with other pieces of shit that are abusing relatives or kids in the third world.
If someone can show me proof of child porn for sale (or assassinations for Bitcoin for that matter) I'll sadly take everything I said back.
@_date: 2013-03-19 13:57:45
No. All the other hardware out there used for mining will leave a CPU in the dust.
@_date: 2013-03-31 00:59:40
There is no need to apologise. If you just go away, nobody will notice you missing. You need to rein in your ego. A pointless apology is as much a waste of other's attention as the trolling you say you've been doing. Nobody cares. Just go away and do something productive that makes you happy.
@_date: 2013-03-28 00:53:48
Yep. Mutualist here. Proudhon was a mutualist and the first to call himself an anarchist. The anti-market/money strains of thought came along later. I also regard myself as a syndicalist. We aren't at all anti-money. We just think unions (syndicates) and cooperatives should form a much larger role in supplanting the state. Or as the IWW, says, building the new world in the shell of the old. 
Kevin Carson at the C4SS is probably the foremost mutualist thinker around today and he's for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-28 00:48:55
I think all hierarchy is bad. It's just that the state is instrumental in propping up the others like capitalism. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 01:05:46


Equality doesn't have to mean sameness. An old black woman and a young Asian man are clearly not the same. But are they equals?
I don't see how the GP speaks for anarchists but whether he does or doesn't, I don't imagine any anarchists would argue with it. Although I guess that's me speaking for other anarchists now eh? 
Anarcho-capitalists aren't anarchists. It's a bit like how Jews for Jesus are anti-semites. Rothbard came up with the idea in the 50s or 60s because he *knew* it was misleading.
@_date: 2013-05-20 13:10:36
Do some Googling for things that are legal in your jurisdiction but illegal in other places. Buy a bunch of it at wholesale then get on Silk Road and satisfy some needs.
@_date: 2013-03-17 11:30:42
This was some of the poorest writing I've seen on Reddit.
@_date: 2013-05-04 18:13:52
Go to Wikipedia and have a look at the left sidebar. Hover over each language and your status bar will show if they call it something other than Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-01-15 13:43:07
Then Alice knows her arsehole detector needs some fine tuning. Better late than never to find out.
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:45:16
Thanks for the clarification. I know you mean well but I don't think you understood my point (Or Bakunin's). A knowledgable person has *authority* and that isn't necessarily the same as what we think of when we talk about hierarchy.
@_date: 2013-03-28 01:48:02
Equals mean the same value. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 00:58:53


*In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker.*
-Mikhail Bakunin (1882)
@_date: 2013-03-30 11:47:31
I love my YubiKeys. I believe the MtGox ones aren't quite as good as they come with just one slot preconfigured as a OTP. The originals have another slot that can be configured as either a OTP or a static sequence. If you keep the button held slightly longer, it gives you the static one. That way, when I bump the key by mistake in IRC or on  messenger, it only broadcasts the OTP which is useless to anybody who might log it as a password I use.