@_author: hubie337
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:15:32
Bitcoin has the advantage of being the first popular coin.  It has MANY disadvantages even to Etherium.  It will survive as it became the defacto base coin.   This will all play out pretty much like the auto industry did in the early 20th century.  Just to give you an idea of how many auto manufacturers there were in the early stages:  There were 107 now defunct US auto manufacturers who started and shut down between the years of 1895 and 1930.  107 that started with the letter A.    There were 1000s of them that failed.
The reality is you need to separate the many uses of blockchain technology from the speculative trading of the many coins out there.  The crap coins will go away as more exchanges simply do away with what  are essentially thinly traded penny stocks ( our thousanths of a penny in some cases)
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:04:25
Most of the alt coins are worthless.  Even ones that have utility will go the way Betamax, a far better format than VHS went.   At the end of the day there will be few  coins that become stable and act as a commodity.  Bitcoin, Etherium and Litecoin are the obvious ones that will stablize.  There will be a few others.   Bitcoin has the simple advantage of being the first one to gain popularity.  It we started this thing from scratch today, Bitcoin would never pan out.  Ether and Litecoin have more flexibility and transaction speed in significantly higher which is a major issue going forward. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:44:07
The price of an ETN can NOT be pegged to the price of Bitcoin.  ETNs and ETFs are priced based on investor demand.  That is why GBTC is so out of whack.  The good thing about an ETF is it must own the asset it is attempting to track like Bitcoin or Facebook.  That typically results in the ETF trading at almost the same price as the individual underlying asset(s).    ETNs do not have to own the underlying asset.   In this case I would say you are playing with fire buying a Bitcoin ETN in this environment.
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:31:13
Keep in mind this is NOT an exchange traded fund (ETF) ,..it is an exchange traded note (ETN).   There is a huge difference.
When someone can register on the stock exchange a Bitcoin ETF (Winklevoss Twins have been shot down twice) or at least a basket (BTC, ETH, LTC) that is an actual  ETF, that would be great news.
Exchange Traded Notes are structured senior debt notes and are NOT required to be secured by actual ownership of Bitcoin or whatever they track.  ETFs MUST own the actual asset.
@_date: 2018-08-16 17:54:42
Gold as a currency was killed by the Federal Govt when they made it illegal to own it in any form other than a small amount of jewelry and made it illegal to transact and own minted gold coins from any country and bullion.    This all occurred in 1933.  The US govt demanded all gold coins be returned to the banks in exchange for greenbacks.  Not many people did so.    In 1975 this law was rescinded.  That is one reason I fear for things like Bitcoin,  in a significant economic crisis they could simply make it illegal to use BTC.   It has happened before. 