@_author: hudwig_von_muscles
@_date: 2015-12-14 16:26:23
They're treated like any security and the issue is that you don't seem to have a cost basis.  If you have records of when you received each lot of coins you need to determine their price at the time you received them.
If you can actually manage to sell all of them in one go and are fine with taxes then it's no different from selling a stock or bond without a cost basis.  All proceeds of the sale will count as taxable capital gains income.
You'll take a hit with the taxes but so long as you declare everything then you won't be breaking any laws as far as the IRS is concerned.  Speaking with an accountant or tax attorney would be a good idea.
@_date: 2016-01-07 22:16:56
I keep several thousand in my bank account at all times plus several credit cards which extend my immediate available funds by tens of thousands.  In addition to that I have a year's net salary in a (relatively) high interest savings account which I can transfer to my bank in one business day.  If for some reason I needed more than that, and for some reason didn't want to take out a loan that allowed me to retain my cash at the  premium of interest, I can liquidate assets and have them transferred to my bank within 5 business days.  Faster if I felt like paying a small premium for a wire.
I would strongly recommend you read an accessible book like the Four Pillars of Investing by Bernstein to familiarize yourself with investments and that you also research the financial tools provided by brokerages and banks.  If you're worried about inflation eroding the value of your cash then I strongly advise against investing all of your money in Bitcoin, which can lose a significant amount of its valuation overnight.
Please do a little research.  From an investment perspective, you are putting yourself at an extreme amount of risk to mitigate the small losses caused by inflation.  It's entirely possible to build a diverse portfolio of risky investments (along with some safe ones) rather than investing entirely in a single risky investment.
Full Disclosure: I work for a Financial Advisor/Investment Management firm.
Edit: Out of curiosity may I please know what problems you were having with your bank?
@_date: 2016-01-07 20:44:51
OP, if you have so much cash and were constantly anxious about it losing value, why didn't you consider investing some of it?   There a plenty of low-risk/low-yield bond ETF's out there that offer stable growth and interest payments.
If  you are treating this as an investment I would strongly advise you to not to put all of your eggs in one basket.  The market is currently in a downswing thanks to China's shaky economy, so now would be an excellent time to snap up a healthy selection of ETFs and mitigate your risk.
Also why are you apparently taking all of the money out in daily cash withdrawals?  Why are you assuming you need to bring cash to New York?  The bank can issue you a check to yourself that you can deposit at a bank in New York.  If you speak with them before moving you can set it up so you can open an account at a NY bank and have them transfer the funds.
@_date: 2015-07-24 16:46:49
Hahahahaa what are you 13?
@_date: 2015-04-14 16:01:13
Possibly because he doesn't work for an FA.  Or if he does, he's not working for one in any meaningful capacity.
I'm surprised the client wasn't offered margin at any point.  FA's working with a brokerage can negotiate some pretty good rates, about 1% APR or so.  You get to keep billing on invested margin funds, and even if the client withdraws the funds for a purchase it's preferable to get them to take out a loan with the implication that they will restore the funds rather than a permanent withdrawal.
Why was the client not offered a chance to link their account at any earlier point in time?  Investing is a relationship based business (obviously backed up by the performance of the FA), so I doubt this is the first time you spoke with the client.  Unless you're dealing with someone managing their own account and you're just at a phone bank taking phone orders, or a field retail sales office.
Once you learned the client was dissatisfied, why did you not offer to accept phone pictures of the documents?  Most brokerages will accept them.  Failing that, how do you not have authority to send an overnight business class mailing with a prepaid overnight return envelope?   Dropping $30 to do a one time connection between the accounts is nothing compared to years of continuous billing.  Or you can always tell the client that they can go to a retail office to have a check cut to them the day the funds settle.  You sure don't seem to take the client's desire to get those funds ASAP very seriously, is what I'm saying.
Further, I don't know why he'd be advocating Bitcoin as an investment if he *works with or for a brokerage.*  Bitcoin currently has few, if any, securities that can be held in a traditional brokerage account so it doesn't really benefit him to advise a client to invest in it.  Unless he really wants to be out of a job?
Full disclosure: I work at a Financial Advisor firm.
@_date: 2015-04-15 13:46:01
Did you bother to read my posts?
No, it's not unreasonable for someone to expect to get their money out of a brokerage account.  But you're not actually asking for money if it's your brokerage account, because it would be terribly irresponsible for an FA to keep large amounts of cash on hand. When you ask for money from the FA who manages your brokerage account you're actually asking them to liquidate assets and then send the proceeds. So yes, it does take time to complete the sale and have funds settle.
What I said was that you shouldn't keep your emergency fund in the market, which is a very different thing.
And yes, it is possible to guarantee returns every year with 100% accuracy, even though that's not what I said.  You ask your FA to invest only in Treasury Notes.  You won't get a huge return, but you'll be guaranteed one.  Actually not a terrible choice for someone going into retirement who can't afford to have their finances at the whim of the market and doesn't need returns in line with the S&amp;P.  Although you may want to incorporate municipal and corporate bonds into your portfolio.
Please bother to read my posts.
@_date: 2015-04-14 20:51:50
That's great.  I personally do not own any bitcoin, and I don't have any desire to argue the merits of bitcoin in your own subreddit.  
I followed the link to this discussion because I work in a similar position as the OP claims to.  I'm just pointing out what sticks out to me, and why I'm not 100% sure the OP is being honest.
Personally I tell clients who think they'll need withdrawals to liquidate and keep some cash in their personal banking or to instruct us to restrict some of the cash in their account so it is not invested.  One of our brokerages will even do wires or overnighted checks for free, so long as we get the paperwork out of the way ahead of time.
Bitching about getting your money out of your investment brokerage account is a bit silly anyway.  It's not fun for me and it's not fun for the client when it turns out nobody ever bothered to get them set up for withdrawals, but honestly you should be keeping your emergency fund at the same bank where you keep your checking and not in the market.
Inconvenience is just the price you pay to have steady gains year after year.
@_date: 2015-10-28 20:39:16
OP your Financial Advisor will be unable and unwilling to manage your bitcoin holdings.  Bitcoin can not be held in a brokerage account and is thus not something any financial advisor firm will handle.  Even if they could I doubt they would sell it until the end of the year during "tax harvesting" due to capital gains (if you genuinely bought in at such a low point that $240+ is all gains for you).
I am assuming you are showing them your brokerage account holdings because you are looking for someone to manage your investments outside of Bitcoin.  Or are you sitting down with them because you are looking for general money management advice?
Source: I work for a Financial Advisor.  We get Limited Power of Attorney over people's brokerage accounts and manage their money for them.
@_date: 2015-03-02 00:47:56
Well you don't seem like the type of person who enjoys fun.
Also the title of parent is not exactly special.  It doesn't take a degree or certification to intermingle your reproductive juices with someone else's.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to force my children to memorize outdated maps from the 1860's so that they will be prepared to deal with the idiots who make up society whenever they venture off the compound.
@_date: 2016-05-26 19:09:04
You should post this story in r/legaladvice, I bet they could help.
You look young, so be advised that banks typically make some cash in a check deposit available before they clear the funds from the sending bank.  It's a holdover from the times before direct ACH deposit, so that people depositing checks from reliable creditors (like a paycheck) would have funds available for groceries, gas, etc.
@_date: 2015-10-29 03:37:29
I've had some time to think about this and I'm confused as to why you're even showing your potential Financial Advisor your bitcoins.  No FA agency can manage them for you since they can not be held in a brokerage account.
I don't even know how a business, such as the FA firm that employs me, would handle bitcoin.  Currently no FA firm includes bitcoins in any of their portfolio models at any risk level.  An FA firm does not just start managing whatever is in your portfolio.  They sell everything in it that is not in line with the portfolio model you chose and buy the stocks/bonds/ETFs they have researched (and why would you pay them to manage assets they have not researched even if you were the one who initially purchased them?).  
So if you have Exxon/Schlumberget/etc. in the energy sector of your portfolio but they have Royal Dutch/Whiting Petroleum/etc. in the energy sector of their portfolio they will sell your Exxon/Schlumberget and buy their preferred energy stocks.
To be honest, I think your FA is humoring you.  Your bitcoins can not be effectively managed or billed.  An FA firm gains Legal Power of Attorney to make buys and sells in your account, not theirs.  And it must be in line with the models they have researched and justified due to stringent SEC regulations.  
I don't even know how an FA firm would manage bitcoins.  In order to manage bitcoin securities they would have to do one of two things:
1) Let you keep your own wallet.  They call you and tell you to sell when they deem it appropriate.  This poses problems because not every client is accessible from 9-5.  That's why clients hire an FA: they are employed and want someone else to do it.  There is also the issue of you sending them the cash proceeds, which can cause a delay that mucks up the buy and sell they decisions they made in regards to management of the portfolio.
2) You send bitcoins to the FA's wallet (or wallets).  This poses a lot of problems because then your assets are not protected by the brokerage's insurance policy in the case of theft or disastrous data loss, since bitcoin wallets are not covered by FDIC/SIPC insurance.
There is no other conclusion I can come to other than that your potential FA is humoring you to close the sale.  They want your business and will talk with you about your bitcoin investment if you allow them to manage the rest of your securities which can be adequately managed and billed through a brokerage account.
@_date: 2015-03-01 01:26:09
Do you teach them how to write in Wingdings fonts 1-3 for their English lessons?
@_date: 2015-11-21 18:21:57
So the Big Lots! model of investing. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 21:53:27
The Financial Advisor representative the OP is meeting with is most likely a salesperson/Account Executive/VP of X region.  As such they're probably used to dealing with goldbugs.  Goldbugs and bitcoiners share some overlap as investors.  Both of their investment goals benefit from the collapse of the dollar and are often predicated on distrust of the government.
The bitcoin portion of his portfolio represents a few obstacles to the FA in this case.  Bitcoin can not be held in a brokerage account.  Therefore it's not a portion of the portfolio that can be managed and is not billable (FA's typically charge a percentage of the value of the brokerage account).
It also indicates, to me at least, that the OP may have significant precious metal holdings.  People with precious metal holdings are often hesitant to invest in longer term bonds and are often difficult to work with due to their "doom and gloom" mindset.  They're also reluctant to sell their precious metal holdings and invest elsewhere, creating more unmanaged and unbillable assets in the portfolio.
In my experience, someone who falls into this category is more likely to instruct us to get them out of the market (read: sell everything) in response to market dips or to have multiple changes to their investment strategy (again, due to their "doom and gloom" attitude).  Both of these hurt their performance numbers and make them more difficult to retain as clients.
Granted, bitcoiners probably have a higher risk tolerance than the average goldbug some of the folks at my firm deal with.  But again, there is overlap in that it's always every investment *except* gold/bitcoin that causes the client to panic.
Source: I work at a Financial Advisor firm.  We get limited power of attorney over people's brokerage accounts and manage their money on their behalf.
@_date: 2015-10-28 22:00:39
An FA is a salesperson, but a clueless salesperson is not going to convince you to hand over your life savings if they don't know what they're selling.
FA's also work closely with the people in the equity and fixed income offices and receive regular updates on why positions are bought and sold in various portfolio strategies.
This is at least true at my office.  One of our sales executives is Harvard educated and occasionally forwards investment articles he finds informative to various departments.
Edit:  I'd also like to add that FA salespeople do not do "one and done" deals.  Investment Finance is a relationship based business.  People want to know why their portfolios are performing or not performing, and your FA salesperson is the person who will explain this to you.  If you are unhappy, or just getting older and want to switch to safer investments, they are the people who will speak with the equity/fixed income people and figure out what is best for you.
Maybe if you have a low value portfolio they won't pay much attention.  But come to an office like where I work with $500K and you're guaranteed personal attention and several free free meals at a restaurant of your choosing per year.
@_date: 2015-03-01 00:43:27
It's a base 16 numbering system that predates hexadecimal. The guy who created it also had plans for a base 16 clock which looks fucking lol if you can find a picture of it. 
"Oh my it's upside down ampersand already? My how the time flies."
@_date: 2015-11-20 21:15:11
I work in private wealth management and voted Obama in both 2008 and 2012.
Could you please go into detail about what kind of investing you were involved in?  I am curious.
@_date: 2015-10-29 03:16:15
It's not a thesis. Taxation is a fact of doing business in the US.  If Mitsubishi wants to sell cars in the US then it will have to pay taxes to the IRS, which only accepts US Federal Reserve Notes.  Regardless of any moral or ideological opposition to taxation or fiat money, this alone gives the dollar value.  US Dollars are the tickets you must have to enter into one of the world's largest and most advanced economies.
Lets not go down the road of "taxation is theft" because frankly that's not a conversation I want to have in a subreddit which is predominantly libertarian/anarchist.  We're not likely to change each other's minds anyway.
You said that US Dollars were not backed by anything, which implies they have no value.  They have demonstrable value to businesses which want to operate in the US (again, regardless of your moral or ideological opposition to taxation).
@_date: 2015-02-28 15:36:17
"I teach my children useless impractical bullshit because I'm smart," said a genius.
@_date: 2015-02-27 20:59:25
Yeah?  And?
Oh boy, can't wait till my children look like idiots trying to buy tam dong bong dollars worth of candy at blorp O'clock.
@_date: 2015-10-29 05:03:06
Yes I work at a firm that manages people's brokerage accounts for them. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 21:43:48
US Dollars are backed by the entirety of the US economy.  Any business operating in America or dealing with an American business must pay taxes in American dollars.  Entry into one of the world's largest and most advanced markets has intrinsic value.
If the idea that it's not backed by a physical commodity is still something you find disagreeable on an ideological or moral level then consider the following scenario.  Chuck E. Cheese prize tickets are backed by nothing, but they would have great value if Chuck E. Cheese was one of the only places you could purchase Boeing jets or MRI machines.
@_date: 2015-02-27 22:41:49
Someone pulled up a post on it a while back.  It stuck with me because he's literally teaching his children that *bong* is a number.  Because it's funny and it makes me laugh.
Why do you hate fun?
@_date: 2015-02-27 18:25:28
He's a badass rebel with a brain of shit who believes in tonal (base 16) numbering systems and, apparently, teaches this to his home schooled children instead of the base 10 system literally every person in the world uses.  Tonal is a numbering system invented by a crazy person in the 1800's.  You can laugh at tonal bitcoin [here.](
He is obviously a very smart person and everyone should listen to him.
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:50:01
I'm going to quote myself from this very same thread to answer your question:




