@_author: huffpuffpuff
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:30:54
Can you add the solid and fair assessments in the OP? 
I'm very intrigued by this and commend you for starting this thread, however I doubt it will be very fruitfull, since you are asking in a place with clear bias. Can't fault you to much for that however because where can you go and discuss crypto these days without bias? 
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:25:18
Does anyone know who the people behind coinfire are? 
.cf = free domains given out by the african central republic
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:15:45
Everybody who does this is actively hurting those who invested with GAW. I refuse to believe that is the purpose of everyone here. 
I know I'll get downvoted for saying this, but it has to be said. Your actions if they carry consequence will mostly hurt the people involved with GAW probably far more than it will actually hurt the people at the head of GAW.
Can we get back on the subject of bitcoin instead of launching witch hunts that actively hurt average joes and for probably most their first intro to crypto? 
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:28:01
I care. There are soooo many double standards just being ignored these last few hours on here, I don't come here to read page long speculations about GAW, see people impersonate a CEO and make false claims pretending to represent a company and the likes... 
I come here to get a little daily dose of bitcoin news flashes. You know, cool interesting stuff like this: 
Assuming gaw is a scam, than yes sure, future victims will be spared, but why are we only looking at GAW if we care about policing ourselves? Why don't we see any policing when it comes to crypto double or ltcgear? Why does no one care about them? 
@_date: 2015-01-03 05:37:52
For what it's worth by the way: 
You argue "potential future victims will be protected because of our actions."
That's true, and I guess in a way that is a "higher good".
But if we are truly being honest with one another, neither you nor I know how many customers GAW has, we also don't know how many potential future customers will sign up in x amount of time to come. 
Hence you cannot possibly know that the "future troubles" you "save" "insert unknown amount of" people from is bigger than the current very non hypothetical troubles you create for the already existing customers. Ofcourse it depends on things such as timeframe we are looking at and so on. But the truth is GAW hasn't missed a single payout since they started offering cloud mining, and the poor shape the market is in is not completely unrelated to the obvious boycott that's happening here, one could even ask is GAW a scam or is there simply no way for them to deliver on the promised values given the large amounts of resistance the community is bringing in towards GAW, **I wont ask that question here because I'm not looking for debate, I don't even want to convince anyone from anything, and I'll even refrain from posting further on the subject, but I want to speak my mind and make my peace, I want people to realise that however lighthearted they thread, however much encouragement there is, actions have consequences, and things like this actively hurt ordinary people, everyone must do what they feel right I understand that, but no one should shrug this off as some light hearted fun, and understand what they are causing (in at least some extent).**
So while I don't disagree with your argument, I doubt it has any underlying value or prove-able merit, for all you know you will hurt more people than you could possibly help by trying to force a gaw shutdown. 
I'm really trying to stay out of all this stuff, but it has to be said.
Scammers who have legal teams at their disposal and commit hard-to-prove financial crimes in unregulated areas will probably get off quite okay, the people invested with them not so much. 
*I've said my peace, sorry for the probably unpopular opinion, I'll leave you all to it, thanks for at least reading whoever does.*
@_date: 2015-01-02 23:54:42
"the guy mike" being a real person (with 100 followers on twitter, while following 150) doesn't magically make it credible news to me, especially not when sources choose to remain anonymous all the time. 
Anyone could set up a free domain, put blocks of text there from a source that doesn't want to be verified, and get a twitter account, follow a ton of people some will followback and wrap it up in 10 minutes-1 hour.
I'm not trying to hate or jump on one side of the fence, just genuinely interested in open honest non biased discussion about crypto, preferably with verifiable information.