@_author: huggablebear
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:00:55


Except none of that matters to the IRS.  They are taxing *income*, not expenditures.  They don't care what happened to your money after you got it.  All they care about is how much came *TO* you, and that is exactly what the blockchain helps record.  Tie that address to you, and every bitcoin that flows into it is income unless you want to prove to them that it isn't by opening your books and showing them how you spent them on things necessary for your business, i.e. deductions.
Either way, once the IRS has your address and knows it is yours, they can monitor the income if they choose and you had better be prepared to pay taxes on it, no mater where it goes afterwards.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:02:52


Yeah, just like they can't force you to obey their other demands.  They just throw you in prison until you change your mind.
@_date: 2014-05-24 01:16:12


You mean free except for the power bill, initial hardware investment, rent for the building, and payment for their service keeping the network humming.
But yeah, otherwise it's free.  Just like the money I get paid for doing my job is free.  After all, it's just time and effort out of my life that someone is paying me for.  That doesn't have any actual value anyway.
"Free" implies no effort or resources are required to get it.  It is simply given to you, no work involved.  Someone hands it to you.  You stumble across it on the sidewalk while walking home from the bar.  It isn't free if you do something to earn it.
Now, you may think the value created for the work involved is too high, but it is not "free" by any definition of that word.
@_date: 2014-05-23 19:12:51


Agreed.  but the point of Bitcoin isn't *interbank* communication.  The purpose of Bitcoin is to make that communication unnecessary to handle global transactions.  People using Bitcoin have no need for banks, just as people paying cash don't have to go through a bank for any purpose except to acquire it in the first place.  As a medium of exchange, it requires no third party.  SWIFT is about making the third (and fourth, fifth, etc) parties' involvment as smooth and seamless as possible.  That's just not what Bitcoin is about.  Two completely different, if related, markets.
EDIT: Not sure how I ended up quoting the wrong thing, but I fixed it.
@_date: 2014-06-17 17:30:34
This comment was like watching the entire Matrix trilogy in three sentences.  So many good feels, then laughter, then utter disappointment.
@_date: 2014-01-07 02:27:38
If I am viewing this right, it looks like the supply is actually consolidating into fewer large addresses.  is that a correct interpretation of what's being shown?
@_date: 2014-05-12 19:16:37
My point is if you buy a lot of 500 and can only find room and power for 100, what do you do with the other 400?  Warehouse them?  No, you just unload them and make the money you can make right now because you can always get more from your supplier once you've worked out the production details.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:46:43
Shit, it still blows my mind that we are all walking around with literal pocket computers that are more powerful than the high end desktop I was using a decade ago.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:02:38


Because there are space and power requirements for these things.  If you have the space and power to run 100 units yourself but you are able to purchase 500, what else are you supposed to do with the other 400 units?  Find a way to expand your space and power to five times what it is now?  Or should you maybe sell as many of those 400 as you can while you work on expanding, all the while knowing that you can get another 500 units in a few months?
That's why people sell them even when it's more profitable to use them.  Because the world is not perfect and sometimes logistics prevent you from doing what would make you the absolute most money, so you make what you can with what you've got.
Not to mention that what is profitable today may not be tomorrow, and vice versa.  Mining is *waaayyy* more profitable when BTC is $1000 each.  But when it's $400?  Should you just keep mining on spec as a company with investors when those investors want to see a profit today?
@_date: 2014-01-29 06:31:52
I don't get why everyone has their panties in a twist over this.  It's a plea bargain.  Rather than face criminal charges, they agreed to pay a fine (read: plead guilty to a lesser charge).
It's no different than someone pleading guilty to manslaughter to avoid being charged with murder so they can avoid the death penalty.
More judgments are handed out by lawyers over a bargaining table than by judges or juries.  It's just the way the system works.
@_date: 2014-05-23 21:06:49


People with guns telling you that it's a better way to do it does not, in fact, actually make it better.  Inflationary currencies are used by *governments* for purposes that benefit *governments.*  private citizens, as a general rule, do not understand them and would not use them if they had another choice.  There is not a person in this world that wants to see the value of their money go *down* over time.
Unless, of course, you can just print more of it.  Now who was it again that's able to do that?
Oh, right.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:04:51
I understand the instinctive hate of banks in this sub, but you need to think about this for a minute.
All those companies listed have been doing this for decades, long before the advent of computers in everyone's house.  Long before p2p transfer was a thing.  Long before high speed internet.  They had to build multi-*billion* dollar infrastructures to handle this sort of thing.  And the grand total of fees, after all of that, getting distributed to all the different parties involved, is still less than 5% for a guaranteed secure transfer between people thousands of miles away.
You can't look at something created fora  different time through the lens of modern technology and call it bad.  It's what was necessary at the time.  Now Bitcoin removes all that, but there's a reason bitcoin was impossible 20 years ago, and that reason is why these companies exist and why they charge money to perform their much-needed services.
Denigrating these companies for what they do is like laughing at the pony express.  "LOL those stupid fuckers used horses.  Cars and trucks are so much better.  Idiots.  LONG LIVE AUTOMOBILES!"
When someone creates a system to perform a function using the technology available to them at the time, laughing at them 20 years later makes you look both small and stupid.  Instead of laughing, just stop using their service.
@_date: 2014-05-24 01:02:14


Holding onto capital is not a problem.  If your idea is good enough to turn a profit, someone will invest.  If your investment is only a good investment because otherwise your money loses value, it's not a good investment.  Ideas that don't turn a profit are charity.  Leave that to charitable organizations, not investors.  Telling people that you are going to make their money lose value unless they invest it somewhere, whether they want to or not, isn't sound economic theory.  It's blackmail.  It's mafia "protection," and it is enforced by men with guns, just like that mafia protection is also enforced by men with guns.  The only difference is the uniform they wear.


Watch your language, sir.  Non-inflationary currency doesn't *worsen* the burden of debtors except in the edge cases where the money is actually lost.  A static money supply  doesn't worsen a debtor's burden, it simply keeps it the same.  It is inflationary currency that actually alters the equation by *lightening* the burden of debtors, but it doesn't *truly* even do that, it just *shifts* that burden elsewhere.
In a static money supply (which is really what we're talking about, the only true deflation that happens is when the currency is destroyed or lost, which is pretty much an edge case for Bitcoin at this point.  You're not going to lose 5% of private keys every year or anything stupid like that) if I borrow money from you to buy a table, then wait a year, then pay you back, you can then turn around and use that same money to purchase another table just like it.  The value of your money is static, just like the supply.  The debtor's burden is also static.
With inflationary currency I borrow the money, buy the table, wait a year, pay you back, and then you go to the store.  "Sorry, buddy, price went up."  You can't buy that same table with the same amount of currency anymore. This situation lightened the debtor's burden significantly, but it didn't actually change the transaction, it simply shifted the burden onto the person who loaned you the money.  That only benefits the borrower and in fact makes him *less* likely to loan you money, not more.  Unless...
That's right!  *Interest.*  Inflationary currencies don't actually help debtors at all because the people making the loans simply increase interest rates to compensate.  So your wonderful plan to lighten the debtors' burdens actually made everything worse.  The big banks thank you for that, by the way.


Sure, but it doesn't *solve* the problem.  It just *changes* the problem.  Instead of unemployment, you end up with people earning less every year.  Sure their paycheck my go up 2%, but inflation went up 5%.  They are now working for less.  Rather than lay off 3% of its workforce, a company just gives their employees 3% less value for their work and your average employee doesn't understand that their 2% COLA was actually a pay cut.
Your phrasing was perfect and i wonder if you intended it that way.  it doesn't actually *solve* the problem.  it simply *avoids* it by creating a new one that is arguably worse and definitely more insidious.  When someone is let go, at least they are fully aware of it.  When their pay goes down due to inflation, it is most often hidden and not obvious to them at all.
In short, everything you have said about the wonders of inflation is complete and utter bullshit.  It benefits governments and people who are smart enough to take advantage of people who don't understand it.  Period.  End of fucking sentence.  If you can't print your own money or deceive people about what you're actually doing, there is no benefit to inflation. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:55:41
I'm confused.  Are you saying selling the units you can't run yourself is bad because they're going to compete with your own?  That's the only way I'm finding to read that sentence and it seems kind of silly to worry about tenths of a percent of the entire network competing against you.  I can't imagine a situation where it would make you more money to sit on hardware you can't use than to sell it.
I suppose if you couldn't get any more it might make some sense, but  I'm talking about manufacturing companies that have channels to get as many as they want.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:45:50


No, they have failed to innovate because there hasn't been a *need* to, nor has there been the infrastructure required to make such innovation possible.
Bitcoin *is* that innovation.  Again, rather than laugh at them, simply stop using their services and use Bitcoin instead.  They will either innovate to meet the competition or die out, either of which is an acceptable result for us.
@_date: 2014-05-22 02:28:49
Just had my first jet's pizza last week.  I was thoroughly impressed.  I don't generally like deep dish because the crust gets too crunchy and the thick dough ends up dry and chewy, but they fucking nailed it.
I still prefer my local papa john's (there is a significant difference in branches, the one by my work is absolute garbage), but when it's deep dish time, I am now a Jet's man.
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:58:46
Try Virtual Mining.  They have products in stock instead of pre-ordering.
@_date: 2013-04-26 17:45:59
I made no statement regarding its stability.  I was contesting his claim that


by comparing it to something else that has no real use outside of bearing a relative value.  Just because something is not being used and spent liberally doesn't make it worthless.  Nowhere in what I said is there any "bold declaration regarding its stability".
Reading comprehension FTW.
EDIT:  Also, "monumental devaluation"?  Only if you think it just came into existence two weeks ago.  If you take just the *tiniest* look at bitcoin in toto, you will see that what happened was a monumental *over*valuation with a subsequent correction.  Just for reference, 30 days ago one BTC was trading around $90.  Today they are at $135.  That's a 50% *increase* in 30 days.  What was that thing you said about a "monumental devaluation"?
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:28:04
Thank you!  I don't understand everyone getting so excited about this article.  It's not an endorsement in any fashion.  He literally just said "Bitcoin exists but there is no way in hell it is worth its current trade price.  For it to be worth that, here's what needs to happen."
That's about as far from an endorsement as you can get.  The only "endorsement" he makes is an admission that it is possible that it could someday gain widespread acceptance.  Well, duh.  Lots of things can happen that change the value of lots of other things.
I'm personally more interested in his opinion of what could cause Bitcoin to fail permanently.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:34:06


I love all the naysayers jumping on you for this.  The current curve is *steeper* than the last big crash.  Not just a little steeper, either, it's significantly steeper.  20% in 24 hours is unsustainable for anything, period.  It is going to crash soon and crash hard, down into the 2-300 range, possibly further, before it bounces back and settles out around 300 again in the coming weeks.  Smart people have already sold and will buy on the bounce at 250-300.
@_date: 2013-04-28 01:37:36
Good plan.  Let's do everything in our power to get them outlawed before they can take off.
@_date: 2013-04-24 19:44:33
You need to understand something.  Easily half the people that you want to use this as an actual currency in the future (assuming you actually want it to take off) would get 4 words into your explanation and need help from someone else.
That will *not* be okay if you want this to be an everyday currency.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:14:55


Every one...and none at the same time.
You could say the exact same thing about purchasing from a UK website using USD.  All currencies are pegged to all other currencies.  Nothing is backed by hard currency anymore.  That's why gold continues to rise relative to fiat currencies, why inflation exists, and why cryptocurrencies are unique.  When the dollar was backed by gold, we had *deflation*, and it was significant.  We just witnessed a microcosm of the exact same thing happening to bitcoins since they are, technically, backed by a hard currency, i.e. the blockchain.  Even though it is "virtual", it still exists and more cannot be "minted", so it is a single hard currency in a sea of fiat.


Only if you are interested in acquiring fiat.  If I am interested in acquiring a boat and the person I am buying from is willing to accept bitcoin, then the only thing that matters is what the bitcoins are worth to the seller and whether I am willing to part with as many as he is asking.  Fiat currency never enters into the discussion.  The only reason bitcoins are "pegged" to the USD right now is because very few people accept them, and you can see why:  they're currently extremely volatile.  But that doesn't change the *value* of a bitcoin.  it is still worth exactly one bitcoin.  The only question is what people are willing to exchange for those bitcoins.  Right now, people are only looking at exchanging them for fiat currencies.  When people begin accepting them widely for the purchase of hard goods irrespective of fiat, that is when the revolution will occur.  Whether that *ever* happens is still up in the air, but the fact of the matter is the value of bitcoins rests on the value of bitcoins.  You can say they're "worth" $100 each, but if the US government is overthrown tomorrow and refuses to pay out its outstanding debts (in the form of the governmental IOU's we refer to as dollars) and the new government creates a new fiat currency, then are bitcoins suddenly valueless because the dollar they were "pegged" to disappeared?
The question isn't how many dollars a bitcoin is "worth".  The question is how many *bitcoins* the dollar is worth at any given time.  While speculation can cause the *perceived* value of bitcoins to rise and fall drastically in a short term with its limited market proliferation, *any* fiat currency is *technically* less stable than bitcoins.
It's weird as all hell to think about it like that, but it is actually true.  Bitcoins are worth what you can buy with bitcoins.  Dollars are worth what the US government says they're worth.
The reality of stability is of course not tied to any theoretical situations, but the theory is enlightening for viewing the actual purpose of this thing we are all trading.
This whole market is scary, educational, revolutionary, volatile, *hugely* likely to fail, and *hugely* likely to succeed at the same time.  It's a fun time to be alive.
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:59:02
Bitcoins don't have an industrial use.  They're numbers in a computer.  You're confusing currency speculation with commodities (which is also what 90+% of Bitcoin investors are doing so you're in good company), but they simply don't work the same way in the long term.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:30:06


I think you might want to re-read the article.  he lists 3 things that will need to happen before Bitcoin is even worth *what it is currently trading at.*  He's not saying it's undervalued.  He's saying it's significantly *over*valued.
@_date: 2013-04-14 19:53:02
I guess "relatively stable" would probably be a better term, although with the way things have been going for the last month, 48 hours at the same price is actually pretty stable, frightening as that is.
@_date: 2013-04-19 20:40:55
This experience right here, and all the confusion surrounding what happened and how, along with how ridiculously easy it was to have it happen, is why Bitcoin *will not* take off in its current incarnation.  There *must* be some real security implemented into the system or else clicking a link on the internet becomes the literal equivalent of walking through a dark alley alone at night.
No one wants to have to worry that just using their computer to surf the internet might inadvertently cost them thousands of dollars with no recourse.
@_date: 2013-04-16 19:56:51
So if it was valued at 10 grand per bitcoin and was rock steady but no one used it because it required a a hardware investment of $500K in order to accept it, that wouldn't matter?
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:44:17
If you can't work in America, then *go somewhere else.*  No matter how you try to spin this, you are here because you *choose* to be.  If you're a student, then you don't need a house anyway, live on campus.  If you are a tourist, you have another country to deal with, so stop arguing about ours.  If you are married to a citizen, then *they* can move with you and get a job if it's that important.
As you say:


**Not worth enough.**  You made a decision that what you had to put up with isn't worth losing the benefits you get.  That's the way government (and civilization as a whole) works.
My point is that your complaint about ownership simply isn't valid.  The reality is that *any* government has these powers because they are the sole legitimate users of force.  So saying "you never own anything" is stupid, because it's been true as long as there has been civilization.  You can always have things taken from you by the people with more firepower than you.  If you're going to go down that road, you're just looking for a way to be technically correct in a way that is meaningless, and it shows how dumb and immature you are.
The real conversation is about how much you can own something *within a legitimate real-world context,* and I guarantee you I do own my house.  They can not take it unless I break either my mortgage contract or the implied social contract I make in choosing to live where I live.  Either way, it's a breach of contract and I don't deserve to keep my home if I violate the contracts I agreed to when I purchased it.
@_date: 2013-07-18 16:44:56
Exactly this.  This wasn't a $30 drop with a bunch of panic sellers.  This was some early adopter with tens of thousands of coins cashing a out to buy a new house or something.  That's why it dropped and stopped instead of continuing.  if there had been any real reason for it to drop, it would have kept going.  No news is good news.
@_date: 2013-12-05 20:12:24
I'd love to know where you find a figure like that, since it represents about 20% of the value of every bitcoin in existence.
@_date: 2013-05-10 00:01:15
Does the number of merchants really matter, or is their stock list more important?
Amazon is one of the companies that works with Gyft.  Considering that you can buy literally almost anything via Amazon, how many other merchants do you really need?  In all honesty, I feel like bitcoin would be almost as valuable as a proprietary Amazon currency.
@_date: 2013-08-15 19:08:16


This is it exactly, for me.  I love it when governments look at something that most people can understand pretty simply when it's explained.  Bitcoin is getting into the new before people have really heard much about it and wondering what the hubbub is.  They find out the government doesn't like it because it lets people be anonymous and avoid some taxes.  At first it sounds bad, then they find out that the users are mostly just average joes like them and not giant mega-corporations looking to avoid tax liability.  They realize that this means the government is *absolutely* monitoring every tiny thing that happens in their domain and not just looking for greater threats like they have been telling us, and people rally to bitcoin in support.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:05:13
If you think a graph like [this]( is sustainable, I want some of what you're smoking.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:27:22
Eminent domain isn't a tax, it's a forced sale.  They are not even remotely the same.
@_date: 2013-04-16 19:08:46
Yes, but it's a difference of scale, not of function.
@_date: 2013-07-30 16:50:02
[My recent experience.](
@_date: 2013-04-26 16:38:15
Would you say the same thing about gold?  No one uses gold as a currency, yet it is constantly traded, holds a relatively stable value, and is a strong hedge against inflation, all of which are true of bitcoin (in the long run of course, the volatility right now notwithstanding.)
@_date: 2013-10-23 20:40:31
The only real changes they have made have been to basically tell US customers they won't do business with them anymore.  They didn't really change anything, just told us to leave.
@_date: 2013-09-29 05:06:25
Bitcoin isn't going to replace cash.  That's not what it's for.  It *is* cash.  We want *more* people using cash, not less.  We want bitcoin to replace the massively top-heavy lending institutions that deal wholly in credit and interest.
@_date: 2013-04-26 00:47:22
Wrong field.  There's nothing revolutionary about the economics of bitcoin.  It's simply a currency.  What's revolutionary is the math behind it that keeps it free of government intervention no matter what.
@_date: 2013-04-16 20:05:46
Agreed.  Those 8 things could take bitcoin into the mainstream almost overnight.  the only things keeping it out now are the volatility, insecurity, and simple confusion factor.  This article nails them all.
@_date: 2013-12-25 03:45:42
Reminds me of the time I went to wal mart and tried to buy something that was marked as ten bucks on the website but 20 in the store and they told me they don't match their own prices.
I am not even joking.  They don't match *their own web site's* prices.
@_date: 2013-05-15 20:22:19
Or they think they don't really have a solid standing and are preparing to open their own competing service.  After all, if they were honestly going to work with Gox to handle all the US business, they should have some infrastructure in place, right?
Not saying any of this is true, but there are lots of dots you can connect if you want to see them that way.  I just think it's interesting to speculate on the way things connect.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:20:24
Well, if they didn't, they should have.  Half the posts in the last 72 hours were some variation of "When is this bubble going to burst and how far will it fall?"
If you couldn't see that 250 was temporary, you don't belong in this market.  I'm not saying people should have been psychic and known exactly *when* the fall was coming or how high it would go before it happened, but anyone paying attention knew it was going to happen.  The only real question was scale.
@_date: 2013-05-03 02:42:17
And if you can't tell the difference between a commodity and the raw material required to make that commodity, you don't belong in this discussion.
@_date: 2013-04-26 21:57:41


You're so close, but so far at the same time.
*Using* them for trade isn't how you imbue value to them.  *Agreeing* that they are usable for trade is how you imbue value.  If one guy has widgets and another guy has doohickeys and they're not sure of how much they might be worth relative to each other, they need a medium of exchange.  If they agree on values for each in bitcoin, then bitcoin has a value to those two people.  That is pretty much the definition of a currency.  
What we're looking for is not millions of people *using* bitcoin as a medium of exchange.  We want millions of people agreeing that it *can* be used as a medium of exchange.  At that point it doesn't matter whether you spend it or hold it, it has a value to those people.  What we want is for the number of people who would be willing to accept it in trade to go up exponentially, not necessarily the number of people actively using it.  Today there are not a whole lot of people who would turn you down if you offered them a $100 bill.  but there are plenty of people who would quite literally say "no thanks, man" if you offered them a bitcoin simply because they don't understand it and don't want to do any research/open a wallet.  It's a fringe thing to them.  When all those people are *willing* to take bitcoins and use them, whether they actually do or not, that is when the value will really take off.
Unfortunately, it's going to be a while and is likely to take something monumental to make that happen.  But right now bitcoin has value because people agree that it is worth however much purchasing power they are willing to part with in fiat to acquire it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:54:30
You're not buying or selling *to* a site.  You're doing it *through* a site.  There's a fundamental difference.  If you were buying from a site, they would have stock on hand and you would get your product instantly.  Ditto with selling to a site.  That's not what happens.
You offer to exchange your USD for a certain number of BTC.  The site (exchange) then finds another user willing to exchange their BTC for your USD at that rate.  The more users an exchange has, the faster that trade can take place, within the limits of server capacity.  The exchange service then takes a small commission on the trade from both participants.  The funds then go into digital wallets on (or off) the exchange and the funds can be transferred from there into other accounts.
The "price" you see on the exchanges is the current value where matching a buyer and a seller takes the least amount of time.
**tl;dr** You're not buying anything.  You're exchanging currency with another person.  The site just helps you easily locate those people.
@_date: 2013-04-25 01:49:02


No, it just means that your bitcoin "boom" is going to stop at $1000 instead of $100,000.  Personally, I would much rather implement some safeguards and get 100+ times more people using the currency, but if you want it to be your little insider's club so you can continue to feel smug and superior, then by all means keep calling people morons because they want a little security in their transactions.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:45:11
Don't get me wrong, if you want to mine, ASIC's are the only realistic way to do it now, and you WILL get a ROI, it just gets further and further out the more that enter the market.  But if the ROI is a year and you run this thing for ten, it's still well worth it.
@_date: 2013-08-22 18:10:25
You are confusing "6% of voters" with "any portion of the electorate."  You may not have noticed this, but the populace doesn't control the government these days.  How many government regulation agencies are taking direction from the voting populace?  Oh right, NONE.  The politicians are in control, and *they* think Ron Paul is a laughing stock.
@_date: 2013-04-24 13:13:47
This complicated wall of instructions right here on *how to attempt to recover your money from the freaking aether* is why bitcoin will not be accepted by the general public until someone with more smarts and money than me starts a company to protect/prevent it from happening (for a nominal fee, of course).
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:57:04
No.  Your analogy is terrible.  You're not talking about the *ability* to read.  You're talking about the complexity of the language.
We're not talking about teaching people to read.  We're discussing whether we should continue to use roman numerals or replace that system with arabic numerals.
@_date: 2013-04-15 22:58:06
The problem with your extrapolations are simple sustainability.  For example, your possible size of the BTC economy in 2030 of $61T would put it at like 50% of the world economy.  I don't really see that happening.  Rainbow and Unicorn estimates put it at 1% of the world economy with a stable value at around $10,000.  That's still incredible, of course, but don't go hoping for $400K BTC anytime soon.  Or ever.
@_date: 2013-09-06 17:22:10
They say right on the website that it is a design mock-up.  Not sure how telling people that the picture isn't what they will look like is a scam.
@_date: 2013-08-15 12:45:19
Mistake costs taxpayers $3.79M, but putting correct ones into circulation costs taxpayers $3B.  Here's hoping the machines never get fixed.
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:36:19
You have to put this into context, though.  If I use a bank account, my funds are secured by a governmental agency.  I have recourse if they are stolen.  If I use a credit card, the card company handles things like this every day and has *large* numbers of people on the team tracking them down and/or insuring themselves against the loss.  If I use physical cash in a physical store, there is a receipt of the transaction.  Even if I get held up in a dark alley and have my cash stolen, I can go to the police and file a report.  maybe nothing happens, but I at least have a chance.  Literally the only situation where I have no recourse under the current system is if I am making an illegal transaction with cash.
With bitcoin in its current state, *every* transaction takes place as if it is an illegal cash transaction.  There is no way to recover stolen funds, or even lost funds in most cases.  And now you tell me that it's my own fault for possibly browsing to some website, *possibly even because I misspelled it before going to the actual site*, having something completely invisible install itself on my computer in between my weekly malware scans, and now my money is gone for good, bye bye, be more careful next time.
Answer me honestly, not from a pro-bitcoin position, just honestly.  Do you think that there is anyone beyond a fanatical minority that would view that sort of system as an acceptable everyday currency?
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:04:25
That graphic is misleading.  The second picture is still centralized.  The seven primaries should be connected to each other to be decentralized.  As it's depicted, nearly every transaction still has to pass through the central node.  The entire network should mimic the top two dots and the center.
Quick Edit: [More like this](
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:44:31


This is something I have been saying for months now.  Bitcoin is digital *cash.*  It's not just digital money.  We already have digital money, but it is always backed or secured by someone.  Bitcoin is the first time we have approached cash from an electronic standpoint, and it carries with it all the same inherent risks, those risks being pretty simple to sum up:
**The person who holds the cash is the one with all the power.**
Sellers won't let go of any merchandise until they get paid, no matter the form of payment.  But there is *zero* protection for buyers once they have handed over the funds.  I know all the true believers don't want to hear this, but banks and credit cards exist for a reason.  They serve a purpose, and until someone decides to perform that same function for Bitcoin, it is nothing more than a commodity.
@_date: 2013-04-20 22:42:31
I am also capable of building my own hydroelectric dam to power my house, but I prefer to simply hire the power company to supply me.  Does that mean I prefer to be coddled too?
@_date: 2013-04-14 16:59:23


Crash, no.  Popped bubble, maybe.  Market correction, yes.
You can't legitimately call this a crash by any means, though.  The reality is that bitcoins were trading at around $70.  Then some craziness happened and some less-than-wise people lost their shirts.  Now, 2 weeks later, they've stabilized around $100.  I don't see how an increase of 40% in 2 weeks can be called a crash by anyone.
The only people saying that were the ones looking to get rich quick rather than for a long-term investment.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:31:05


Uh, yes they can.  Do you think they just "take" your land?  They tell you that they are going to do it, then you get the option to comply or refuse.  If you refuse, they use force to make you comply or simply remove you from the equation if you refuse long enough.
Feel free to just say no when the government demands you turn over your bitcoin holdings.  I'll send some cookies to your prison.
@_date: 2013-05-07 15:43:22
It doesn't.  People that say it has intrinsic value are just trying to prop it up.  Nothing that can literally vanish into thin air has an intrinsic value.
That is not the same as being value-less, though.  Bitcoin derives its value from the willingness of the people using it to also accept it.  That sounds similar to USD/EUR, etc, but it is an important distinction.
Think of it this way:  Bitcoin is is an IOU from someone that is supported by all the other users of bitcoin saying "Okay, we agree that you can use X bitcoins to buy Y product."  The USD is an IOU from a single entity, the US government, *telling* you and everyone else how much it is worth.  One is value by agreement, one is value by decree.
So long as that single entity has the resources to back up their decree, that's not a problem.  But if that entity starts to fall apart or decides to just print more money, you begin to see problems.  That will never happen with bitcoin.  The value will be much less stable because the community of people that have to agree to give it a value is constantly in flux, but there is no central authority that can up and change the value on a whim.
But no, as I said, there is no intrinsic value in solving a math problem.  The only value it provides is keeping an open record of the transactions in the blockchain, and that value is still not intrinsic.  That's like saying the receipt from your lunch has an intrinsic value.
@_date: 2013-05-02 18:28:24
Not a clue, man, but google could probably get you in the ballpark.
@_date: 2013-05-03 13:54:31
I don't know if the data exists anywhere, but if someone could come up with a graph of difficulty increases in those timeframes it would be very interesting.
@_date: 2013-07-05 17:56:35


The people who are actually interested in using it and not just speculating on its value.
@_date: 2013-04-20 01:47:41


Yeah, in which case he would call the company, report the theft, freeze the account, and refute any charges.
He gets his Bitcoins back how, again?
Bitcoin has all the downsides of cash to go along with the good sides.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:10:57


That is, again, technically correct, but the fact that they can destroy *all* of its value on a whim or decide to create/destroy any quantity of it does give them quite a bit of influence on its value.
@_date: 2013-08-13 19:44:42
They're only talking about the cost to run them, not the initial purchase price.  ROI is pushing past a year at this point.
@_date: 2013-05-08 22:30:59
That thing you just described?  That's anarchy.  That means there is no public use land because someone always owns it.  Every road has a separate toll set by the owner, and that's if you're lucky enough to have a road there anyway because the owner decided it would profit them.  All police forces are privately owned and funded, all fire departments run via a subscription, and all ER's require cash or insurance or gtfo.
You can argue semantics all you want, but saying you don't own your house simply because the government can *buy it from you* when they discover that the property is needed for a public project is jut stupid.  There are fundamentals of civilization.  One of them is that if you live in a place that has public property, there has to be a way to acquire that property from its current owners.  They can also shoot you dead if you point your gun at a police officer.  Does that mean you're not actually alive right now?
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:41:20
I love how everything they mention about him that isn't supportive of hard-left initiatives is dismissed as conspiratorial.
"Most people who study the issue agree that the top federal corporate tax rate (35 percent of profits) is simply too high."
This is true.  The website doesn't agree with the conclusion, but it's true.  Most economists do believe it's too high and is hurting our economic recovery, which is pretty easy to demonstrate as well.  This site just doesn't like it on an emotional level so it means he's dumb and some whack-job.
@_date: 2013-04-16 15:44:46
Your cash does fluctuate daily in its value.  It's just such a small fluctuation that you don't notice it because there is such a large quantity of it available and it is backed by a government, meaning it is essentially backed by the entire GDP of that country.  You may have noticed that a new car doesn't cost five grand like it did in the early 80's.  If bitcoin is eventually used by any significant number of people worldwide its value will stabilize as well, but nothing will have changed about how it functions.  It will still *work* like cash.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:35:50


This is the biggest straw man I have seen in this article.  You're not paying to use the pen.  You're paying your portion of the office's power bill, paper budget, cleaning staff, rent, etc.  You are free to go buy a pen somewhere else, you just don't get to use it inside that office anymore.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:33:39
Why?  It's 100% true.  Unless you trust the person you are making the transaction with 100%, you have to wait for multiple confirmations from the network, which can in fact take multiple hours.  The only time these transactions are truly "instant" as everyone claims are when you know the other party.  Otherwise there are multiple ways they can defraud you.
That's not to say it's any less safe than other forms of electronic payment.  It's actually generally safer, but you pay for 100% safety in longer confirmation times.
@_date: 2013-08-13 22:48:54
Did you read what i wrote?  You're not mining LTC because of their value in USD.  You're doing it because of their value in BTC.  BTC difficulty is skyrocketing.  LTC is not.  The amount of BTC you can mine in a day with similar power requirements and initial investment will go down every time the difficulty goes up with BTC mining.  If you mine LTC and convert them at the relatively constant exchange rate, your BTC income stays steady rather than falling with every difficulty increase.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:44:35
Seriously.  There's maybe 10 million people that even visit this site regularly.  Of those, maybe half made an account and view anything beyond the default subs.  has ~80K subscribers.
I hardly think 80K people out of a global population of nearly 100,000 times that is going to have a significant impact.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:56:30
It's 50 right now, man. Price before the jump was 32.  It will probably drop a little below that, but if it goes much further, people are going to be foaming at the mouth trying to buy low and it will restabilize.
To clarify, I wasn't trying to say the hubbub is over right this second, just clarifying the process we are in.  When the price settles, we will be back on the long term trendline.
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:22:52
Who's talking about forging coins?  I'm talking about simple fraud.  You don't need to forge bitcoins if you're working from a zero confirmation basis.  You only need to forge a *transaction* and make the other person think it went through.
Just as you don't need to forge USD that are so good the government believes they are real.  You just need to make them real enough for your *victim* to believe.  You can bet your ass that there are criminals at work right now creating a way to convince your phone app that it got paid when it really didn't.
If you're not waiting for confirmations, how do you know the transaction even happened?
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:00:59
I'm not sure who has been telling you how bitcoin works, but full anonymity is kind of the *entierpoint* of the protocol.  You can trace a transaction in the blockchain, but it is only listed by an address, which is kept private unless the owner decides to publish it.  The data is literally all stored in the blockchain and your "wallet" is only a key to access those coins.  it is hard to get *more* anonymous than bitcoin.  You have the distributed computing power of millions of processors ensuring it stays that way.
@_date: 2013-09-06 13:53:26
That is quite possibly the most misleading title I have ever seen in my life.
@_date: 2013-12-18 04:45:43


You're there in person.  You can raise a ruckus.  You can get a manager.  If it's so shady he tells you where to stick it, *you can call the cops* and they will show up *in person* and settle things.  The key to that transaction is that you are there in person.
And you're right 100% about it being based on trust.  That's my entire point.  You have to trust the service provider.  but this is the internet.  it's global.  At some point you're going to find something you want to buy with bitcoin and Gyft isn't going to have a gift card for you.  I mean, the ideal end game here is that it functions as an alternate currency, right?  We are hoping that damn near everyone ends up using this.  but before that can happen, someone is going to have to start a company that will provide at least some security for the buyer against fraud, just as credit card companies do today.
@_date: 2013-05-08 13:57:08
No, until it is universally accepted it will be a commodity, not a currency at all.  But it is not fiat, nor will it ever be.  The reason we call it fiat currency is because it only has value because of government fiat.  Fiat means decree, or command.  There is no one assigning value to bitcoin by command or decree, therefore it is by definition not fiat currency.  You can view it however you want, but words have meaning despite your view, and you are factually incorrect in calling bitcoin fiat.
@_date: 2013-07-11 14:22:25


@_date: 2013-08-02 18:27:04
That's still a 50 day ROI at this price.  Pretty good, IMO.
Not that anyone will be able to actually get them at this price except resellers.
@_date: 2013-04-20 18:32:26
I call it a downside because it *is* a downside.  The fact that if you are careless you can lose your money with no recourse is pretty much the definition of a downside.  It's one of the same downsides that cash has.  Lose your wallet, and you lose your money.  That doesn't mean it's useless or that the benefits don't outweigh the downsides, but that is one of the downsides of cash/bitcoins.  I would say it is the largest and most important downside, personally.  I know I don't use much cash anymore.  My money is much safer in an account at a bank than sitting in my back pocket.
@_date: 2013-08-03 04:24:36
Okay, so call it 100 days then.  You're still breaking even on hardware that you're going to be running for years in just over three months.  After that it's profitable.  Most companies measure ROI on capital investment in years, not weeks.
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:52:06
That condo is already worth a lot of dollars though, isn't it?  We don't worry about how large numbers get.  That's inherently understandable for people.  WE just *get* integers.  It's dividing into units smaller than one, or at least one part in a hundred, that confuses people.
@_date: 2013-05-10 00:13:40
@_date: 2013-04-16 15:41:35
None of your arguments make bitcoin any less like cash.  if you want to compare it to zimbabwean dollars, that's fine.  You're talking about its value.  I'm talking about how it functions, and it functions like cash.  Whether you are comfortable with using a currency that fluctuates is a whole different question, but its mechanism is that of cash.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:06:21


True, but like all currencies, it fluctuates in value, and if you can exchange it for a different, more stable currency while it is declining, it would behoove you to do so.  This is no different than hedging your portfolio with gold or foreign currencies when the dollar begins to decline.  Exchanging currencies when one falls for one that isn't is not immoral or bad, it's just business.  If the market for bitcoin usage is as robust as people think it is, it will stabilize at its true value.
FYI, *hoarding* bitcoins is basically the same as cashing out to a different currency.  Either way, you're not helping the system, you're just sitting on your cash.  Whether the cash is dollars, rubles, shekels, or bitcoins is mostly immaterial.  Spending bitcoins and accepting them for your own transactions is what will keep the currency robust.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:47:02
Heh.  This is kinda what I'm talking about.  Selling shares in a pool, not actual hardware.  No thanks.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:08:29


Oh, I'm sorry, it was my understanding that there were in fact *multiple* countries around the world.  My apologies.
@_date: 2013-04-23 19:04:41
Let me save you all some time.


This is the only intelligent argument in the piece.  Discuss.
@_date: 2013-09-08 13:50:13
Most places that accept debit cards can verify personal checks as well.
So, yes.  Like a check.
@_date: 2013-12-23 06:59:56
Thank you for so concisely validating my point.
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:03:07
Right.  Currency.  The only difference between Bitcoins and cash is the medium of communication.
@_date: 2013-04-26 22:13:26
Hey, I can do that kind of math too.  Looks to me like Bitcoin went up 150% in 10 days.  That's incredible by any standard.  My analysis of a recovery from the very bottom is about as useful as your analysis of a crash from the very top.
Which lasted about 12 hours until it stabilized again back over 100 and continued to rise steadily for the next week until it sits today at 135.  Both of our analyses are useless because you really can't look at this stuff in a bubble.  I could draw a chart that only goes back an hour and make it look like the most stable thing around.  Or I can draw a chart going back two years and make it look like the best investment ever. 
Or you can do what you did and make a chart that starts at the top and ends at the bottom.  None of those charts mean anything unless they are your buy/sell points.  And that only represents your personal gain/loss, not the market as a whole.  The market as a whole, while volatile, isn't defined by a single day of lost value.  It also isn't defined by the recovery that took place immediately afterwards.  If you want the real picture of bitcoin's stability, draw a chart for the last year or more.
Otherwise it's just lies, damn lies, and statistics.
@_date: 2013-07-01 20:39:34


Technically, yes, although you should understand that the average non-farmer (just a dude with a graphics card or two) isn't going to get more than a few litecoins a week and they currently trade at under 3 USD each.
The real reason people are mining litecoins is because they are betting that their value is going to rise like bitcoin's did, not because it's highly profitable currently.  Mining a few litecoins a week for a year will get you a couple of hundred LTC.  Currently, that's $500-600.  If their value goes to where BTC's are trading right now, that $500 just became $15,000.
Litecoin mining is speculation.  It's fun and relatively cheap, but unless the value rises significantly, it's not all that profitable.
@_date: 2013-05-03 13:49:48
I must not be seeing the same thing you are.  I only see 20 second lag and very little upward pressure.  There's a huge wall at 90, but the resistance on the way up over 100 is pretty steep too.
is something going on that I haven't noticed?  Bots doing a bunch of .000001?
@_date: 2013-04-30 19:14:47


*Complementary* things.  This is great for bitcoin.  They are literally one drop-down menu away from paying for the bus with bitcoins via a google phone app.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:11:48
Well, then I suppose you will just have to live with being provably wrong.  Don't worry, there are lots of people that do the same thing every day.
@_date: 2013-04-26 18:20:37
There also weren't thousands of years of economic theory for people to rely on at the time.  They were busy creating it.  Now people understand the differences of value, money, and currency.  1000 years ago they all meant the same thing.
None of which changes the fact that something doesn't have to be actively used as a currency for it to have value.
@_date: 2013-04-20 23:24:32
I'm not talking about paying a bill, man.  I'm saying that hiring a massive company with wherewithal and manpower to provide a service to you (insurance, securing your money, whatever) rather than doing it yourself (paper wallet, hardware wallet, being insanely paranoid in your browsing, etc) isn't coddling.  It's reality.  I gladly pay people every day to do things for me that I am capable of doing because it makes my life much simpler.
That is what bitcoin needs, and I am honestly surprised more middlemen/banks aren't filling the void.  There are huge potential profits there.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:03:14
Exactly.  This is what is so scary about the crazy growth that is happening.  It's not a stock.  But it's also not a technology.  It's a currency.  The End.  How that currency is verified, accepted, distributed, etc. is all technological in nature, but at the end of the day it's a currency.  We're buying Shekels with Dollars and hoping that the number of people who accept Shekels is going to skyrocket so our Shekels don't become worthless.
Currency speculation can and often is very profitable, but looking at this as a *technology* is very uninformed.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:17:12


No, he's saying you shouldn't use a word because the *huge, vast, overwhelming majority* of other people *already do* interpret it differently and it's too late to change their view.
You can correctly claim that the term is accurate.  You can also try to force the rest of the world to change its usage instead of changing yours.  You will fail, miserably, because that fight is already long over and the non-techies already have their idea of what the word means, but you can feel free to try.
Meanwhile, referring to the creators of bitcoin as hackers carries a strong negative connotation that will frighten away the bulk of the epeople we want using it.
@_date: 2013-05-07 15:56:38
My favorite part was when he said


Well, no shit dude.  You don't sell anything.  You're a currency exchange. That's like saying no one has ever bought drugs from an ATM.  There is no doubt, though, that people have bought drugs with the currency they received from the ATM, just as there is no doubt that people have purchased drugs with the bitcoins they received indirectly from Bitinstant.
Hell, even calling it a currency exchange is being very generous.  Bitinstant doesn't even perform the exchange, it just moves the money into accounts quickly so the users can perform the exchanges themselves.  There is no functional difference between Bitinstant and Western Union.
@_date: 2013-12-02 19:02:13
It looks to me as if the final tally at the bottom shows that if all global foreign currency reserves, all currency in high inflation countries, AND all owners of gold decided to switch 100% to BTC, one BTC would be worth ~$1M.  That's pie-in-the-sky money and unrealistic.
However, what they are saying is that it is not unreasonable to assume that in the next several years we might see 1-10% conversion in toto, leading to a BTC price of $10K-100K.
In short, Wall Street is beginning to see what we have been saying all along.  Bitcoin doesn't have to replace world currencies and destroy central banking like the anarchists seem to want.  All it has to be is a viable option for investment and its price will soar.
@_date: 2013-08-13 19:49:08
Jeez, dude that's as much as some of the recent IPO's.  Early adoption has its benefits.
How early did you start mining?
@_date: 2013-10-23 16:03:44


Those things aren't currencies.  They have day-to-day functions besides sitting there representing buying power.  You can't compare them
@_date: 2013-08-22 18:14:45


No, no, that is exactly the opposite of what I am saying.  Absolutely address serious problems.  But address them to the right people.  If you want bitcoin taken seriously by the US *government*, don't get Ron Paul involved.  Bring it up to people with actual power and influence, not just a dedicated, vocal minority following that the huge majority of Washington ignores completely.
Bitcoin is already viewed as a currency for criminals and drug addicts and we want to make Ron Paul more aware of it?  Great plan.  Give the media more ammunition.
@_date: 2013-04-17 02:57:37


Allow me to quote you something from my original post as a way of saying goodbye (and pointing out that you are an idiot).




If you think that is "talking up bitcoin," then I sincerely hope your day-trading skills are better than your reading comprehension.
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:21:34


It's being used by the mainstream media to indirectly label them as outlaws, anarchists, and criminals.  it is not even *remotely* being used as a compliment by anyone outside the crypto community.
@_date: 2013-05-02 20:36:52
That's a mighty optimistic view, but if Gox gets shut down and all the accounts frozen or confiscated, you're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars getting stuck in limbo or just going away.  Yeah, the tech will still function, but it will lose a *huge* chunk of its support and its value will plummet, and I mean "value" in the very real sense.
When governments decide they don't like something enough to outlaw it and seize it, the value of it to anyone except criminals is effectively nil.  if you feel like being a criminal and still using it if it gets outlawed, good luck.  It doesn't have the same sort of relentless attraction as other illegal activities, e.g. drug use.
This is a worst case scenario, of course, it is *highly* unlikely that Japan would decide to juts shut down something that is holding a billion dollars of value.
@_date: 2013-05-08 14:05:24
I think so, but you would need to check to be certain.  As I understand it, bitcoin and namecoin can actually be mined at the same time by the same rig, so you would be getting both.
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:55:20


Really *really* bad example, and a bad rebuttal, unfortunately.
The real rebuttal to that argument is that the priests *actively kept* people illiterate as a way to consolidate power.  They weren't really interested in having an intelligent, literate populace.  After all, if you can read the bible yourself, what *real* function do priests serve (in medieval times, obviously the role of a priest has morphed over the centuries.)
@_date: 2013-09-08 13:48:21
So what you're saying is that no one should ever use this currency that we're trying to get spread all around the world except people who are *already experienced with it?*
Great plan.
@_date: 2013-04-16 03:29:02
People need to get past the technological aspect of it and start viewing it the way they would cash, because that's how it functions.
Merchants would love if everyone paid in bitcoin.  How could they not?  And most customers would hate it as it currently works.  Here's why:
It's an anonymous cash transaction.  No paper trail.  No names.  No guarantees.  No face-to-face.  If I order a widget from some online shop in Peoria and pay them with bitcoins, it is *functionally equivalent* to walking up to an unmarked door with a widget sign on the front, handing them cash through the mail slot, and hoping they decide to open the door and give me my widget.
What if they don't give me my widget?  Who do I call?  What do I do?  What if that business in Peoria wasn't actually in Peoria but just a well-crafted website made to look like it was in Peoria?  Do I call the police?  They can't help me, I don't even have any proof I handed over cash.  I can't call the credit card company and tell them not to pay the guy because he didn't deliver.  How do I get made whole?
And the simple answer is, I don't.  Bitcoins are high-risk for the payer and low-risk for the receiver.  Just like cash, if there is no paper trail then they will only be used for transactions where you *don't want* a paper trail.  They will be used either for criminal activities or between parties that have 100% complete trust.  That's it.  There's no middle ground.  The only third option is as a hedge investment against inflation, just like gold.
Think about this:  How many transactions have you made in the past year?  Now out of those, how many would you have been comfortable *wiring cash to a numbered account* on the promise you would receive your goods, rather than using a credit card?  The answer to that second question is the number of transactions you would have used bitcoins for.
Now that may sound dismal, but if that number is even 1% then it is still a ridiculously large market and Bitcoin will be around to stay.  The actual number, though, is anyone's guess at this point.
I do know that I really don't use cash for very much anymore, and it's not because it makes my wallet uncomfortably thick.  It's the *security* of backed and insured accounts and consumer protections that drives me to use credit and debit cards, not their ease of use.
If Bitcoin can come up with a way to make transactions just as secure for customers as credit/debit cards are today, Bitcoin will explode.  If that isn't possible, it will remain the purview of investors and criminals.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:18:47
Feds found DPR through old-fashioned detective work.  DPR was sloppy when he started and they traced it back.  This had nothing to do with security of Tor.  Guy just screwed up.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:07:22
My point is that your assertion that 


is patently false.  The government of the united states gives the USD its value and it can take it away just as easily.  It's not a question of agreement or communication.
Although I will admit that you are *technically* correct, as if the US government says "do this or be shot" I will definitely "decide" to do what they say rather than be shot.
@_date: 2013-05-07 16:17:38
No.  You're still dealing in milli*bitcoins*.  A single bitcoin (which is the name of the things, after all) is still a hundred USD right now.  People don't look at the protocol and the currency as the millibitcoin economy.  It's the bitcoin economy, period.
If you want it to change, the entire protocol needs to change.  From the client up, millibitcoins need to be changed to be called bitcoins, and current bitcoins need to be called kilobits or similar.  It also needs to be made changeable for the future if you really think this is a problem (personally, I don't, but this is your only real solution).  You need to have protocols like this in place for a deflationary currency if you really want it to be a currency and not a commodity.  Inflationary currencies don't have this problem because you never need *less* of them, only more.
Think of it this way:  The base unit of currency in the US isn't really the dollar, it's the penny.  After all, no one reads $4.37 as "four point three seven dollars."  It's four dollars and thirty seven cents.  Just as the equivalent in bitcoin shouldn't be 0.041778 bitcoins.  It should be forty one bitcoins and 778 milli's, or even 41,778 bitcoins.  The value wouldn't change, but people's inherent understanding of its value and use as a currency would change dramatically.
But if you want this problem solved, it needs to be solved now before acceptance rates get too high.  Enough of the people using it right now would understand if the protocol were changed tomorrow to rename everything, but if you want it to be a real currency, it *does* need to be done, and done before you have people using it who would freak out and think they just lost 99.9% of the value in their wallets.
Again, though, I think bitcoin's real value isn't as a currency, but as a commodity.  No one ever has to use a single bitcoin for it to still hold value as a medium of exchange and a hedge against inflationary currencies.  The only thing that needs to change is the amount of time it takes to convert to/from fiat and it can work like a currency without ever having to actually be accepted anywhere.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:44:37
Yep, consequences are already shelled out.  Hopefully people that lost a ton of value don't panic and sell back out and shoot themselves in the foot.  They'll gain their value back in the coming months if they just hold out.
@_date: 2013-04-17 00:35:58
You said the scale is the only thing that matters.  I changed how it functions to show you that scale is most definitely *not* the only thing that matters and in fact is probably not even the most important of the things that matter.
So either answer the question or accept that your assertion is wrong.
@_date: 2013-05-07 12:59:03
Only if they use the same algorithm as bitcoin.  You could not, for example, mine Litecoin with this.
@_date: 2013-08-05 14:33:09


Really?  No way at all?
@_date: 2013-08-22 13:45:14
Depends on power requirements, honestly.  The new 28nm products should be profitable for some time, assuming they actually ship.  Knc and ActiveMining both look like they might actually get product out the door before next year.
@_date: 2013-06-25 17:00:42
Am I reading this right?  In order to get the new price you have to order 1000 of them?  Or is that *their* total that has to be sold before the price drops for everyone?  This seems like it's just for distributors to turn a profit, not for any sort of actual miners that want profitable rigs.  No individual is going to buy 50 of these things when they can just get a larger single unit for the same price and likely better ROI.
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:20:38


This is actually almost a worse scenario than going after illegal transactions.  At least those would be going after specific people for specific crimes.  The way it reads now, DHS *is* going after Mt. Gox.  The only question is whether they simply want to fine them for non-compliance or go so far as to prevent them from even doing business with US customers.  The possibility exists right now that Gox may end up out of the exchanging of USD.  With the exchange system the way it is now, a move like that would seriously impact the volume and exchange rate until new domestic players could get up and running.  CampBX's servers would melt in a matter of minutes if this happened.
@_date: 2013-05-08 17:46:21
That argument applies to everything in existence.  Are you trying to tell me that the lumber I bought at Home Depot (which was valued in a fiat currency) is itself a fiat currency by proxy?
@_date: 2013-04-16 04:16:51
Yeah, that would be great.  But shysters could still create new identities every time they scam someone.  In this case, a new wallet ID is literally a new identity.  Makes it *very* hard to trust someone with your cash.
@_date: 2013-12-25 03:43:49
The main point of it is that it can happen seamlessly *anywhere* you see an item.  You don't have to go searching for it, and you don't have to go home to purchase it from the internet, or whatever.  This could be integrated into a commercial.
Imagine you're sitting at a sports bar watching a game.  They take a time out.  Commercial comes on.  It's for a necklace.  You see that necklace and say "wow, my wife would *really* like that particular necklace that I didn't know existed until this second."  At the end of the commercial a QR code pops up.  You snap a picture of said code and import it to an app on your phone.  You confirm that you would like to buy that item.
And that's it.  You're done.  it is on its way to your house, and all you had to do was press two buttons.  it basically turns *the entire world* into your own personal Amazon.
@_date: 2013-10-04 02:49:25
And your proof of this is...?
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:28:19
Imagine you bought a 500 horsepower car.
Now imagine you bought a 500 horsepower tractor.
Now suppose you need to till up some soil.  Which of those equally powerful machines would you choose to use?
ASIC chips are optimized to do exactly one job.  What job that is depends on how the chip is built and programmed. 
Mining bitcoins with a graphics card is tilling soil with a sports car.  It works alright on the surface, but as soon as you move beyond the surface layers, it becomes prohibitively difficult and expensive.
Mining with an ASIC chip optimized for bitcoins is tilling with the tractor.  It works amazingly well for its purpose but, just as you don't want to till with a sports car, you don't use the tractor to run to the grocery store.
ASIC chips mine bitcoins exceptionally well and do everything else very poorly.  If you are specifically looking for something to only mine bitcoins though, it doesn't make sense to use anything that isn't optimized for the process at this point in the game.
@_date: 2013-05-15 00:54:05
Buy BTC with it, send them to a CampBX account, sell on CampBX for USD, send to a bank account.
@_date: 2013-05-08 14:03:33
If your house gets eminent domain'd, you get paid for it.  yeah, if you refuse to allow it to the point that you get sent to prison over it, then it will just be confiscated, but if it is actually taken via eminent domain, then you get value for value.  They don't just kick you out with nothing but a wink and a smile.
@_date: 2013-04-17 01:36:04
I'm not the one bickering over semantics.  I pointed out how something *functions.*  Someone else pointed out that its *value* fluctuates.  I countered saying that the value of all currency fluctuates, just not as much.
At that point you jumped in saying that is the difference.  I didn't disagree, simply pointed out that it was a difference only of *scale*, not of *function.*  They still both function the same way.  You then decided to (quite inaccurately) claim that "The scale is the only thing that actually matters."
After you made that silly assertion, I proposed a scenario where the scale  was the same but the function was wildly different and you didn't even see how it was relevant (clearly proving that you don't even understand what's being argued in the first place.)  I then explained to you what I had done so you could understand and proceed to answer the question and defend your assertion, which you refused to do.
Nowhere in any of that does semantics enter into the picture.  No one is arguing over the meaning of any of the terms we are using.  You simply don't understand what's being argued and are trying to exit the conversation from an apparent position of strength by trying to make me seem petty.  Unfortunately, it didn't work.  Better luck next time.
Or, if you would like to actually answer the question I posed to you about whether or not its function would in fact matter if the scale was the same instead of different, we can continue the discussion and you can be educated.  It's your choice.
@_date: 2013-04-17 00:31:12


People use it to exchange value.  There are people that accept bitcoins as payment for their products/services.  It has *no other function* outside of that use, and it is in fact in use for that purpose as we speak.  That is the *literal definition* of currency and you're telling me that it is wrong.  You are ignoring *actual things that are happening right now* to tell me I'm wrong.


This simply proves my assertion that you don't get it.  It doesn't matter which ones are cars.  There are multiple things that roll on wheels besides cars.  But *all* cars use wheels.  That is how they function.  And just as there are multiple systems for trading value for value, not all of them are cash.  Every square is a rhombus, but not every rhombus is a square?  Remember?  Your comparison is backwards.  Bitcoin functions in the same way as a cash transaction, *regardless of its value.*


Who knows if it's useful?  That is irrelevant to your assertion that its function is tied to its value.


+ *General* acceptance is not a requirement to be a currency.  I will not accept Zimbabwe dollars from you to mow your lawn.  That does not make it less of a currency.
+ Ease of conversion to other currencies is irrelevant to how it functions.  It *is* still a currency and it still functions the same as cash when used in a transaction.
+ Holding it value from day to day is neither a requirement for it to be a currency nor does it speak to how it functions.
+ It is quite easily converted into other currencies.  it can be done in a matter of minutes.  You may have lost value between the time you exchanged into it and the time you exchange back, but that doesn't make it not a currency and it doesn't change how it functions.


This is probably true in many cases.  It's also irrelevant.  You said that bitcoins were like cash, **if** your cash fluctuated wildly in value from day to day.  You are wrong.  Bitcoins are like cash *regardless of their value, convenience, ease of use, or acceptance.*  They are like cash because they function like cash.
Whether they are a *good* currency remains to be seen and I won't argue with you that they may crap out and they are hard to both understand and use securely right now, but they *are undeniably a currency.*  They fit the definition of a currency exactly, and their method of transaction is functionally identical to a cash transaction rather than credit or bank draws.
@_date: 2013-04-24 19:51:20


Of course I am.  But not because it isn't actually complex.  I'm trying to point out that a huge majority of the people we want using this currency *as an actual currency* will see stories like this and decide to stick with their trusty old dollars.  It has to be fixed if you want it to be anything other than a hedge investment or something that gets purchased for 20 seconds just to make a single online buy.  We want John and Jane Public to keep these things and use them every day just like they would their debit cards, and that *will not happen* if this sort of occurrence isn't removed from the system entirely.
You probably block pop-ups.  Everyone you know does, right?  Then why do they still exist?  Because they work.  *Tons* of people don't even know that pop-ups *can* be blocked, and that's about the simplest tech in existence.  And you're asking those people to use this currency.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:16:17
Velocity calculations for a deflationary currency are not ever going to be accurate.  No one simply "saves" fiat currency anymore.  It's not a smart move.  You are always better off investing it into something that provides a return rather than simply allowing it to inflate, artificially increasing velocity since nobody wants to hold their dollars.
Compare that to a deflationary currency, where a very sound strategy is to buy it and never use it until the day you cash out completely and you begin to see how velocity is a guess at the very best.
Personally, I feel like his estimate of 2K should be considered a bottom price for final, stable value a decade from now.  IMO, $10K is more realistic *if this thing takes off the way we all hope.*
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:39:21
Which is something you agreed to when you first purchased the house in that community.  No one forced you to buy there.  No one made you choose that floor plan.  No one made you pick a community with zoning or building restrictions.  You chose to agree tot hem because the other things you get out of ownership outweighed those factors.  Maybe the schools are great.  Maybe it's close to work.  Maybe you love the lot it's on.  Point is, you are not *forced* to do/not do anything.  You are simply bound by the agreements you made when you purchased the property.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:53:19
Follow-up question:  If ASIC mining is profitable, why would companies sell mining rigs rather than just use them?
If I had enough hardware to produce e.g. 5,000 GHps, that would get me around 200-300 BTC per day if my math is right.  At current exchange rates, that's $2,000-$3,000 a day.  That much hardware represents ~$250,00 of sales.  So I can either sell it now or use it myself for 3-4 months and begin to make substantially more money.  If it were a 3-5 year turnaround to break even, I could understand it, but the way things have been going, I can't see why anyone would sell hardware rather than use it themselves.
What do these companies see that I don't?
@_date: 2013-04-16 18:20:15
I know what his argument is.  It was clearly stated.  It's still wrong.  The value of something doesn't affect how it functions.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:51:14
At least The Nothing won't tear all this growth away...
I hope.
@_date: 2013-04-15 17:10:54


His company's abysmal customer service is probably substantially more harmful than some twitter antics.
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:17:51
Credit cards are issued from a central authority.  You take the chance that they might be fraudulent (which lots of them are) because you know that there are enormous companies backing that credit that have massive assets with which to cover any fraud.  Besides which, the very nature of credit cards are different than bitcoin.  It's not person to person.  It's person to credit card company to person.  There's no middle man for bitcoin.  It's cash.
And yes, I would say that counterfeit cash can easily take 120 days to confirm as genuine.  Or it could take 10 seconds.  The point is, it's not anywhere near as safe as a credit card transaction.  Not because it is inherently more likely to be fraudulent (and I'm not talking about a double spend, I'm talking about the enterprising criminals who *will* find a way to forge a transaction code and trick your zero-confirmation phone app into thinking it's real) but because it is not insured.  There's no central backing, no giant bank, no huge company, no government. 
People act like the only service banks and credit card companies perform is the transaction itself.  It's not about that.  If that were the case, we would all just use western union.  But we don't, because it's not about transactions.  It's about securing your assets and being sure that even though the person you're dealing with may be shady, you have support from someone that will make you whole and take on the task of recovering those assets themselves, or simply writing them off and recovering them piecemeal from every one of their other customers.
Last year I bought a car.  I can't do that with Bitcoin.  I also couldn't do it with cash.  Not because the car dealer didn't accept them, but because *I don't have the money.*  However, I was able to pay for it with a promise.  Why?  Because the car dealer didn't get the money from me.  They got it from my bank, and my bank is letting me pay it off slowly for an annual fee.
Until such a time as these large companies decide to start holding large quantities of coins with which to serve the same functions they do now for fiat currencies, Bitcoin will be inherently risky and if you want to avoid the risk completely, you *will* have to wait for multiple confirmations which *can* still take hours.  It's the equivalent of taking cash to a bank to verify its authenticity before accepting it from a customer.  You don't *have* to do it, but unless you trust that person 100%, you run the risk of being defrauded.
@_date: 2013-12-05 22:50:45
try "guest"
@_date: 2013-12-23 06:13:04
You.  Stop.  You have *literally no idea* what you are arguing with him about.  Your arguments are specious and it is clear you are just regurgitating talking points you learned from someone and using them to argue against someone who actually lived through the time you are arguing about.
@_date: 2013-05-22 21:55:29


I can't pay in Yen, either.  Is it not a real currency?
@_date: 2013-05-02 20:26:36
You can disagree all you want, but you're still wrong.  Miners *do* create gold as it is used and traded.  It starts as an ore and, through processing, is refined further and further into the gold you are familiar with.  There is no trade in gold ore or gold mines.  The exceptionally rare gold "nuggets" you see in movies are a vanishingly small portion of the gold that is mined.  The mining and processing of the gold is what makes it usable.
Bitcoin is different.  The coins already exist in their final, usable form.  All that is required is the key to the box they are stored in.  Those keys are paid out as bounties for performing the computational tasks required to keep the network usable.  The closest analogy is a poker pot.  The money is already there, waiting to be spent.  The only thing left to find out is who is going to leave the table with it, and you determine that via a complicated game of chance.  The winner of the poker game keeps the pot, just like the first person to crack each block gets the "pot" for that block.
But the coins already exist.  They are simply waiting to be paid out to the winners of each game.
@_date: 2013-10-08 19:36:12
They already changed the image, I think.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:21:30
I'm not talking about double spending.  I'm talking about some enterprising individual writing a program that convinces your phone or tablet or whatever you are using to generate and receive a QR code for the transaction that one has occurred when in fact it hasn't.
You don't need to deceive the blockchain.  You only need to deceive your victim.  Anyone that makes transactions without multiple confirmations leaves themselves open to something like this.
If you trust the other party, go for it.  Personally, if I'm running a business and you want to pay with bitcoin, we're getting 6 confirmations before i give you your stuff.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:33:16
True, but basically flat isn't he same as flat.  It was rising, slowly, and the bumps were visible depending on the scale of the graph.
@_date: 2013-04-16 03:10:22


The next market's child.
Seriously, not trying to be mean, but you're a child.  You might have a job after school or whatnot, but you are by no means an adult and you do not have the economic power of an adult.  With the exception of the very small amount you may get from said job, any money spent to support you (food, housing, clothing, tuition, transportation, health care, etc.) is spent by your parents.  You may be the end user on many things that are "yours" but the reality is that you are not the actual consumer.  They are.  And if you tried to tell your father that he should pay his house note with bitcoins, he would laugh at you, because even if he understands the tech, the infrastructure is not to the point where the purchase of something that critically important to your life and well-being can be reliably and safely handled through bitcoins.
So you may be the *next* next market, but you are not the market that bitcoin needs right now to be successful and become a permanent option.  It needs your parents, and your parents likely need something that is far more user-friendly and secure (not just cryptologically secure, but actually secure, as in "insured" to not just vanish into the aether if you forget your pass-key) before they are going to adopt it as anything but a hedge currency.
Bitcoins are indeed digital cash.  But there's a reason people don't carry around their entire net worth in cash, and it's not because it's inconvenient.  Think about that for a while and you will understand why bitcoin needs to be a little less "techy" in order to go anywhere.
@_date: 2013-04-18 18:44:25
Pretty sure that's the minimum *trade*.  To even be allowed to trade at all, your account has to hold $100k, not 10.
@_date: 2013-08-14 01:50:48
I'm sorry, by "recreate the mining rush" I thought you meant actually recreate the large quantities of BTC that were mined by early adopters and recreate the increase in value that followed that made people millionaires.  That's not going to happen.  I guess our definitions of "recreate" are different.
I agree, there really aren't any needs for altcoins of any type.  They will exist for niche markets, but for bitcoin's primary purpose it will serve just fine.
@_date: 2013-09-06 17:23:49
The difference is the partner company.  eAsic is a legit fabber.  They don't make vaporware.  They just got a big partnership with Seagate, too.  That doesn't happen if you don't deliver.
@_date: 2013-05-24 19:14:37
Zealots and Criminals.
Whatever, the longer big money stays out of this, the more we get to buy in before it explodes.
@_date: 2013-05-03 02:58:32
Just stop.  You're wrong and don't even understand why.  Bitcoins aren't extracted in any way.  Stop.
@_date: 2013-08-13 19:47:13
Yeah, but you can mine litecoins without subjecting yourself to the ridiculous arms race that is bitcoin mining right now and simply trade them for bitcoins.  Even if you never use them for currency, it is still marginally profitable to mine BTC via LTC.
@_date: 2013-04-23 17:55:40
I think you might misunderstand the difference in scale between the revenues generated by recreational drugs and those generated by *the food people require to live each day.*
The government does not.
@_date: 2013-04-16 03:34:31
That would be a big step, but it would also pretty much kill the anonymity aspect.  Hard to reconcile the two, but it's going to have to be done if bitcoin is going to be a legitimate digital currency.
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:19:07
@_date: 2013-04-30 23:19:23
Agreed.  Why do people have so much trouble understanding this?
It sucks that your word got given a different meaning.  But it happened.  Deal with it.  Work within the new paradigm.  hacker is now a negative term whether you like it or not.
Why can't they see reality?
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:51:46


Agreed, and this needs to happen sooner rather than later, because your return question to me has one very definite difference:


The person that takes my cash has a face i probably saw, a physical location he was last seen, and a physical description I can give.  The person that stole my bitcoins is completely anonymous, the theft may not even be noticed until days later if I don't make many transactions, and may be in Madagascar.  Also:


No.  I also wouldn't put my money into a safe that I *did* know how to  operate if that safe could simply *disappear* if I accidentally opened my kitchen door by turning the doorknob to the left instead of the right one time because I was in a hurry.  That's how random this shit is right now.  I hope to God your savvy programmers come up with some solutions soon.
@_date: 2013-10-01 03:46:39
A single graphics card's hashing power is measured in *mega*hashes, not giga.
@_date: 2013-05-08 17:52:49


I never said it was easy, man.  i said you can do it.  My whole point is that it's *not* easy, and because it is not easy, you choose to accept things you wouldn't otherwise accept.  But don't even try to tell me it isn't possible.  If you wanted to badly enough, you could go live in the brazilian rain forest all by yourself for the rest of your life.  All it would take is a lot if knowledge of how to survive and a plane ticket to sao paolo.
But you don't *want* to do that.  What you *want* is to stay with your friends in family in the comforts provided by civilization, which means abiding by the social contracts that comes with.  *that* is what is easy.  Just going about your daily life knowing you are safe and that there will be power and roads and police when you need them.  That's easy.  And the price you pay for that easy life is that nothing you own will ever truly be yours as long as someone with a gun and the right to use it can take it from you.
But if you really, *truly* wanted it badly enough, you could absolutely live outside of government and outside of civilization forever.  It would just be hard.
But don't lie about it and equate hard to impossible.  Every single adult on this planet has the option to go elsewhere if things reach the point where they can't abide living where they do.
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:15:50


"But Senator, think about how much power will be taken out of your hands and placed back into the hands of the private citizen!  How could you *not* support something like that?"
@_date: 2013-05-09 23:59:10
Not exactly.  It's a question of accessibility.  Your bitcoins currently have value to the people who are willing to accept them.  So, as you say, if the other party doesn't accept them, you have to exchange.  The exchange process can be a real pain for some and is certain to at least take some time.  With this service, you cut out one of the middlemen required for a direct bitcoin purchase.
It is an increase in usability by any measure, and that does in fact increase relative value.  If you have the fastest car in existence but keep the keys in a safety deposit box at the bank, you're not going to be winning any impromptu races.  This service is like a little errand boy that will run get your keys for you any time you need them.
Now that I've said it, I absolutely love that image.  It's like my own personal little street urchin.
@_date: 2013-04-26 00:44:15
No.  Non-high-powered money is created through creating increased *value*.  It is created through labor, production, etc.  It is digital, or barter, or stock, etc.
High-powered money is something that can be used as money as-is, without two people having to agree on its value.  Its value is set by an outside entity, i.e. the government.  High-powered money is physical cash plus the amount of non-physical value held by the reserve banks.
Friedman wants fiat currency to either stay completely stable or to inflate at a rock-steady pace, not in fits and starts as the federal reserve decides it wants to print some more.  But "money" exists outside of currency, and he knows this.  Money is simply anything of value that two people can trade value for value.  It is not high-powered money, though, because two other people might think it is worthless.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:22:38
EDIT: Long discussion ahead.  My simple answer to you is that a bitcoin is still only worth a bitcoin no matter how you slice it.  The reason for "price" fluctuations is that *no one in the world* actually knows what that value really is. END EDIT
There is an inherent disconnect in your argument with the value of bitcoin versus what people will give you for it at any given time, and that is simply because it is new and misunderstood, and I don't just mean that *you* don't understand, I mean *all of us*, myself included, because this system we are watching is completely new and untested.  The value of bitcoin really didn't change over the last few days.  The speculated, perceived value of its future is what people were trading on, and are now leaving because they think that it wasn't really as high as they thought.  That doesn't happen with fiat because the value is what the government says it is, and its *relative* value to other currencies is what the people willing to exchange it says it is.  It has no intrinsic value, it simply has purchasing power.
That is not the case with gold or bitcoin.  They have intrinsic value.  The exchange rate fluctuates based on what people think that intrinsic value is worth in their country's fiat.  The reason bitcoin is fluctuating wildly (again, it isn't, only its *relative purchasing power* is) is because people still haven't figured out how valuable that intrinsic value actually is.  Gold has thousands of years of history to tell people what it is good for, bitcoin has realistically had a few months.  *Everyone* is just guessing at its intrinsic value right now.
The comparison to gold is fun, though.  What is gold good for?  Conductivity.  Tarnish prevention.  It's pretty.  That's pretty much it.  There is far more gold in circulation than anyone on this earth could realistically use for any of those purposes, yet people still look to it for stable valuation.  Why?  What does gold have that other materials don't?  Its industrial value is minimal.  People don't derive currencies from stuff that's pretty, either.  So why gold?  The general answer is that it's relatively rare, the supply is relatively constant, and because it is so relatively useless, it's unlikely to be gobbled up by someone needing to use it for some purpose.  Its uselessness is what makes it stable, ironically.
Same with bitcoin, but even more so.  It is *only* a currency.  You can't build anything with it, or power anything.  It's...just...numbers.  Its *only* purpose is bookkeeping.  It lets people agree on a value of an item outside of their government's decrees.  THE big question about it is whether that is necessary or desirable to people.  If you can answer that question you will be the richest man alive.
FWIW, I don't have a problem with fiat currencies.  I don't have a problem with any system of currency as long as the parties involved understand how it will function.  Any curerncy is nothing more than away for one person to say "I value an hour of my labor at X" and for someone else to say "I value an hour of my labor at Y" and allow them to use markers to unify that rather than have to talk in terms of barrels of wheat or head of cattle.  I personally think bitcoin will become simply an alternative currency that is used for certain things and will function very much like gold.  It will simply be a place for people to place their wealth when the currency it was sitting in begins to fall.  I don't really see the massive revolution everyone else seems to foresee, primarily because I don't think that revolution is necessary.
None of that changes the actual intrinsic value of bitcoin, though.  As an internally backed, non-fiat currency with no other purpose, to claim that it is worth *anything* except itself is disingenuous.  Again, the value of bitcoin is the value of bitcoin.  What people are willing to pay to acquire it will fluctuate just as gold fluctuates, and long term will likely mirror gold's fluctuations almost exactly.  All this craziness right now is simply birth pangs of a new system that is trying to find its place within the current paradigm, and it is entirely possible (likely?  who knows) that it will fail.
*No one* knows its actual value except to say that a bitcoin is worth a bitcoin, so its *relative* value to fiat currencies is all over the place as people try to get it sorted out.  It will stabilize eventually, only God knows where, and until then, people will continue to speculate and exchange it as if it were a commodity rather than a currency.
This is an entirely new system at work.  It's hard to always keep in your head that we are literally trading something that is backed by very powerful entities for something that is just bits in a computer.  That is very scary and exciting to me.
@_date: 2013-05-06 23:39:13
300 MH/s is about .01 BTC/day *at current difficulty.*  You're talking about an *absolute minimum* of 7 months to ROI, and that assumes free electricity (possible in places), a static difficulty (LOL), and a stable exchange rate (LOLOL).
These things are sucker bait.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:04:03
No, but *removing* a decimal and replacing it with *integers* absolutely is, and that's the real discussion.  The only reason we are talking about milli's right now is because the value of bitcoin is only $100 USD.  If we only *move* the decimal now instead of *replacing it* with integers, we're just going to have this discussion again when the value is $10,000.
@_date: 2013-05-22 03:05:13
I understand that, and i think the person who drew it did, too, but they just didn't draw it clearly.  The problem is that in almost every case in that second picture, you still have to go through that central node.  i realize every control point doesn't need to connect to every other control point, but they also can't all pass through a central node and still be called decentralized.
@_date: 2013-05-07 15:51:14


Mostly, but there is no physical asset backing bitcoin.  It gets its value from its users' agreements, though, just as gold gets its value from all the people worldwide who want it or use it.


This one, though, is just wrong.  The faith and credit of a country is the decree of a single entity.  It is completely ephemeral.  Its value is determined *solely* by the agreement of the government to pay out a value for those notes.  They can print more, they can refuse to pay on some, or they can decide that every single one in existence is no longer valid, and it can be done any time for any reason.  Stable governments aren't likely to do this, but that *is* the nature of fiat currency.  The value of bitcoin *can not* be determined by any single entity, *period.*  Its value is directly determined by the amount of value tied up in the network by the users.
The only way you can call bitcoin a fiat currency is by changing the definition of fiat to include determinations made by the entirety of the user base.  but you still haven't changed the way bitcoin operates, you just redefined a word.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:49:46
My fiat is 4x what i bought in at, but that's not what matters, honestly.  I'm looking forward to buying back in for half what i cashed out at.
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:00:43
Are you arguing that we shouldn't change our system by referencing a system that was changed to be simpler?
@_date: 2013-05-24 20:33:46


No they aren't.  You're missing one last part of the equation.  The likelihood that you will get caught, which decreases *drastically* when using bitcoins.  The only merchants that are really able to fudge the books well are ones that deal in large quantities of cash, which most don't.  When everyone is using bitcoin, which has the same untraceable anonymity as cash with all the ease of a debit card, the number of people who decide the risk is worth it because it is so hard for the govt. to prove will increase drastically as well.
@_date: 2013-09-08 15:52:52
You run the account number.  It's not difficult.  It's literally the same as a debit card, you just have to either manually type in the number or scan the check it self.  All it takes is a slightly different hardware/software combo than is required for only credit cards.
@_date: 2013-07-30 16:41:57
It's almost as if one BTC is still worth one BTC...
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:44:25
The disconnect we are having is that bitcoin currently functions like a commodity and not like a currency.  Let me explain, though I should offer a wall of text warning.


Not precisely.  That wealth was *represented by* fiat currencies.  Now it is represented by bitcoin.  This is where economic theory has to take control, because the real, frightening fact of the matter is that only one thing has value: time.  Now time can be used to create Tangible goods or it can be used to perform a service (labor).  The value of a person's time is dependent on how much of a tangible good they can create in an hour (and its quality, of course) or how valuable the labor they perform in that hour is (high-skill, high-education tasks are worth more than digging a hole).  So the only thing that has real value is time (well, time X skill).
Currencies are used as a form of agreement among people so they don't have to barter tangible goods or services in order to trade their time for someone else's and, more importantly, so the transaction doesn't have to take place right then.  If you need bread and have nothing to offer the baker except crates of beef jerky, which he does not want, the only ways the two of you can agree are to find someone who will accept the jerky for something the baker wants (tangible good) or to perform a service the baker needs (labor).  To shortcut that craziness, governments issue currencies and act as a central clearing house for all that value exchanging hands.
Now here's where it gets scary.  The *only thing* that allows those currencies to work is firepower.  The government doesn't actually *have* all that value in currency.  What it has is the ability to enforce a fair value trade between the two parties, via force if necessary.  And that's why fiat currency is both stable and inherently imaginary.  It has no value whatsoever.  Its value is enforced by a government, but not backed by that government's assets, not really.  Because at the end of the day it's just paper IOU's.  The actual *value* is the goods or time/labor that it is being used to facilitate an exchange.
And that's why bitcoin is a little different.  Bitcoin takes government out of the equation.  As weird as it sounds, the value of a bitcoin is actually static.  One bitcoin is worth one bitcoin, which is nothing.  It has the same value as the number 7 or the quadratic equation.  Its value comes from the agreement of *all* its users as a medium of exchange, and *they* decide its *exchange rate* by determining how much product/labor they can get for the fiat required to purchase it.  The fiat itself means little, it's just a frame of reference.
So unlike fiat currency, which is backed by the power of a government rather than actual value, bitcoin is backed by the perspective of its users, who determine what their *time* is worth and whether or not it is worth it to exchange bitcoins for that time, and that time is represented in a frame of reference they understand, namely fiat currency.
What does that mean in the real world?  Very little, honestly, as stable currencies also happen to be agreed upon as a means of exchange by everyone using them, not just the issuing government.  No government can *force* its citizens to accept a currency they don't want to.  The *huge, overwhelming* difference, though, is that a government can, at any time, seize all the holdings of any citizen or decide not to honor the IOU's (dollars) held by any non-citizens.  That is simply impossible with bitcoin.  Its value will always exist among its users.  The only thing that will ever change is the frame of reference, which is to say its relative value to fiat currencies.
Right now it is very unstable because it has a relatively small user base and market cap, but as both of those increase exponentially, the relative value of bitcoin in other currencies will also stabilize.  
But all of that I just wrote is only true for bitcoin as a currency.  You are more correct in that its value is only real in fiat terms because it is currently trade like a *commodity* rather than a currency.  Every merchant that accepts bitcoin adjust their prices daily to reflect its value.  If it worked like a real currency, this wouldn't happen.  The price would be the price, in bitcoins, and it wouldn't change except as deflation and the userbase changed bitcoin's valuation.
but since it is traded like a commodity, no one thinks about an item's value in terms of bitcoin.  They think of it in the frame of refernce they understand (fiat) and simply convert to bitcoin to come up with a price.  This is quite literally barter.  Bitcoin could just as well be pieces of blue glass or a given weight of sand.  Currently, *as a commodity*, you are 100% correct in stating that its value is tied to other existing currencies.  But that is true for every currency ever created.  Once bitcoin reaches a wide enough market and begins to be accepted as a currency in its own right, its value will stabilize and it will no longer function like a commodity, but rather in the fashion I outlined above.  it will come to represent people's time on its own and will not require any outside influence.
That's the final goal we are hoping to achieve, anyway.  Whether it ever happens is definitely up in the air.  If it stays a commodity it swill still survive, but all its potential will truly be wasted.
@_date: 2013-04-26 22:03:53
Not to be combative here, but it seems like you're arguing with yourself on this one.


True.  So gold is now only used as a marker for a value in spendable fiat.


True.  So bitcoin is the same as gold in this respect.  No one accepts either one of them in quantity for important things, so you have to trade them for something that *is* universally accepted.  If people don't widely accept it, but will accept the fiat you can trade it for, or whatever other kind of purchasing power you can get with it, and it has no other use on its own (very much like gold outside of jewelry and small electronics), then what is the functional difference?  I understand that one is tangible and one is not, but if there are people out there that will trade you fiat for either one, then how is their basic function any different?
@_date: 2013-05-07 18:32:53


No.  No they can't, *not without paying you for it.*  Eminent domain isn't confiscation, it's a forced *sale.*  The two are miles apart.
@_date: 2013-05-03 14:05:44
Wow, you can literally see when each shipment came online.  The growth rate jumps to 2-3% for one day, then drops back down.
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:10:00


Close, but no cigar.  Here's why:
Suppose you and your grocer decided that $5 would buy 10 lbs of potatoes.  Then, before you even finished shopping, the news report came on and said the US government had decided on a new currency, the snarfblat, and that all holdings in dollars would no longer be considered legal tender.  All debts in USD were null and void, and all cash dollars were now just paper rather than currency.
Does your $5 still purchase those 10 lbs of potatoes?  After all, "All money is just communication" and nothing has changed between you and the grocer in the last minute.  You had just agreed that your piece of paper with a 5 on it was tradable for a bag of potatoes.  Does that still hold true?
If your answer is no, then you can see the difference between value by decree and value by agreement.
If your answer is yes, I have some Zimbabwe dollars I'd like to use to buy all your stuff.  Trillions and trillions of them!
@_date: 2013-06-27 23:42:59
It is digital cash.  It has no value except what people are willing to give it in trade for actual products or services.  Rather, it is *representative* of a certain amount of wealth which changes based on how much wealth people put into/take out of the system.  It is not backed by physical assets, nor is it backed by any governmental promises.  Its value rests entirely on the willingness of its users to accept it.  It is almost completely anonymous like cash, so it has all the advantages and disadvantages that come with anonymity.
It is secured by the collective computing power of thousands upon thousands of users constantly calculating and updating the transaction log for each and every bitcoin in existence, known as the blockchain.
It is money in a very real sense in that people trade it for goods and services, but it is an entirely different *kind* of money than people are familiar with since it is not issued by any supreme authority.  Currently its primary value is speculatory as people are buying and holding it with the expectation that its infrastructure will grow to the point that it becomes the first true global currency since it exists outside government and will hold and maintain its value completely outside of any governmental regulations.
It cannot be truly outlawed, it cannot be truly policed, and it cannot be controlled.  Many people believe those things are frightening to governments, but the reality is that will most likely end up exactly as you first described it: an online currency usable anywhere there is internet access.  This is not all that different than the way fiat currency works now, simply without having to first exchange from one currency to another.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:08:45
Power consumption vs. bitcoin generation is a loss on any non-ASIC chips at this point.
If you feel like dropping a couple of grand on a 10+ GHps rig, it will be marginally profitable for a while yet.  As part of a pool, 50 GHps will get you 2-3 BTC a day.  While they are still high like this, it makes sense.  if they fall back down in the 30's, you're still probably losing money.
Basically, if you're looking to make a quick buck, mining isn't the answer, speculating is.  If you're looking for very long term gains, mining can still be profitable with the right equipment, but graphics cards are not the right equipment anymore.
@_date: 2013-05-08 14:01:15
Are you unable to work?  Shit, man, you can go to alaska today and get on a fishing boat.  or to north dakota and work the rigs, or get a job supporting either of those enterprises.  Land is cheap, and rent is even cheaper until you can save up enough for a down payment.
Your problem is you don't *really* want to do what is necessary and perfectly possible to change your situation, you would rather just bitch about it and blame it on someone else.  If you actually valued the things you claim you value more than you value your current level of comfort and security, your options are wide open.
@_date: 2013-04-27 14:20:56


Yep.  That's an absolute never.
Reading comprehension FTW.
@_date: 2013-04-16 19:57:25
Wow, you really *don't* understand the difference.
@_date: 2013-04-30 19:02:12
Um...if all the gold has disappeared, wouldn't the scarcity cause its value to rise?
@_date: 2013-09-08 13:54:44
This is just one of the downsides to distributed networking and one of the things that is keeping it out of the mainstream.
It's the difference between getting something via bittorrent vs. a direct download from a manufacturer's website.  That's just the way p2p works.  You quite literally take what's available at the time.
@_date: 2013-05-24 22:32:20


Indeed.  Here's why.


Old media doesn't have the monopoly on force that governments do.  If any government *really* decides they don't like bitcoin, you *will not* be able to use it in that country without monumental risk.  Do you honestly expect people to foment rebellion over not being allowed to use an alternative currency?
@_date: 2013-04-24 19:42:00


This is my entire point.  This is the kind of transaction that people need to be able to make and *know* it's secure for it to take off.  Until that happens it's nothing but an investment instead of a currency.
@_date: 2013-05-03 14:54:35
You're likely too late to see much of a return.  ASIC's are being pre-sold months in advance or for a massive premium in auctions to get them now.  By the time you acquire one for a non-ridiculous price, the difficulty will have gone up to the point that your ROI is measured in years rather than weeks.
Probably better to just buy BTC instead (especially at the current exchange rate) rather than try to purchase a mining rig.
@_date: 2013-05-02 16:51:23
No, they pay a monthly premium to an insurance company covering them in the case of loss of their clients funds, up to $25 million.  The government isn't actually taking that money, they are just forcing them to be insured if they want to do business.
It's a rough equivalency to FDIC insurance for banks, but it is done privately and simply enforced by the government rather than being fully handled and backed by the government.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:23:43
And that is not instant.  The guy said bitcoin transactions are instant.  They're not.  The only way they are instant is with zero confirmations.  if you trust the other party, go for it.  Otherwise, start waiting.  The longer you wait, the more certain you are that you're not a victim of fraud.
But you don't get that security "instantly."
@_date: 2013-04-29 15:56:34
Too bad.  It works like cash.  Criminals use lots of cash so the man can't just seize it with a computer any time they want.  Bitcoin was created to be completely anonymous, completely global, and essentially untraceable.  There aren't a whole lot of legitimate transactions that are going to occur that require those three parameters.
**tl:dr**  Get used to it.  Criminals love cash, and bitcoin is cash.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:57:41


The problem here is that nothing was destroyed *unless you sold low after buying high.*  Otherwise you still have your bitcoins, and one bitcoin is still valued at one bitcoin.  The whole purpose of this endeavor is to avoid the volatility of state-backed currencies and create, support, and use a new currency, which you are still doing by not exchanging your bitcoins back to fiat.  Nothing was "destroyed."  You just can't buy as much with your currency today as you could two days ago.  If you weren't planning on spending your currency within that window, then you've lost absolutely nothing, and you will continue to gain value as the market rebounds and continues to rise long -term.
This was a simple market correction.  Everyone here knew we were in a temporary over-valuation.  The correction happened and we're back onto the long-term trendline.
@_date: 2013-04-16 19:07:33
Can you really not tell the difference between how something functions and how people view it?  It doesn't matter if the value goes from a million to a penny every hour.  It still *functions* the same way.  No one would ever use it, but it would still work the same way.
It doesn't matter if a car costs 10 grand or a million.  It sill rolls around on wheels.  That's how it functions.  Bitcoins function the same way cash does regardless of their perceived value.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:07:43
You're right, you acknowledged force.


My apologies.  At least you recognize that the government can take anything they want from you, although I fail to see how forcing you to tell them something is functionally any different than forcing you to give them something.
@_date: 2013-09-08 17:28:14
It just verifies that the funds are available when you run the check.  It doesn't tell you their balance, just makes sure that *that amount* is there.  Technically, it's still possible for that person to go spend all their money out of that account before you deposit, but most of the companies that offer verification services to businesses will cover you in that event as part of their service as long as you actually verified the check.
@_date: 2013-10-03 19:04:30
Did you even read the reports?  The dude used his real name in the email address he used on his original accounts when he was getting started.  That's not "tips from the NSA's extremely advanced systems."  That's human stupidity catching up to him.
@_date: 2013-08-22 16:27:22
In all honesty, please don't even mention it.  Don't get him excited about it.  He is a staunch Libertarian and would probably love it if he were truly informed about it, but Ron Paul is pretty toxic in mainstream politics.  he is viewed as the crazy uncle you put up with at Thanksgiving because he wants weed legalized and thinks America should just completely isolate itself from the world.  While I personally agree with those sentiments, I recognize that they are not viewpoints that most people share in the US.  He doesn't, and will talk at length about them, all while his listeners shake their heads.
If you want something to be taken seriously, you don't make Ron Paul your spokesman.  You keep him away from it.  I like the guy and agree with his views, but it's unfortunately reality.  Just lurk through the AMA and don't mention Bitcoin or you risk it losing credibility if he decides he likes it enough to start promoting it.
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:22:11
Because, presumably, CampBX didn't lie about the fact that they would be a currency exchange when they applied for their US business license.
@_date: 2013-10-01 13:20:28
At current difficulty, yeah.  And he's likely using 300+ watts to get that, and that's if he's mining 24/7.
(300 * 24 * 365)/1000 * $0.15 = $394 worth of electricity, and if he gets 500 MH/s (which is variable depending on the card but 500 is a good average for AMD cards) he will mine ~0.6 bitcoins.
Short answer is graphics cards are only profitable if you're not paying for your electricity, and they're probably not even profitable then due to the extra cooling you then have to do to your house (minimal but existent) and the dramatically shortened life of the card (significant).
@_date: 2013-05-02 16:46:00
The difference is that bitcoin miners aren't pulling ore out of the ground and processing it.  The "gold" in the case of bitcoin has already been processed and is ready to be handed out as payment for performing certain tasks.  They are not created, they are rewarded.  Mining is just the term that is used.
If gold miners were simply paid in gold bullion by a third party for digging holes in the ground, the comparison would be more accurate.
@_date: 2013-05-15 01:05:13
They only needed it to be in one state for now.  The legal action isn't against Dwolla, it's against Mutum Sigillum (Mt Gox's company that the money in your dwolla account gets sent to.)  You can still send money through Dwolla anywhere else, just not to Gox.  It sounds like they're prepping a money laundering/Drug case against Gox because somebody used bitcoins to avoid taxes or something.
@_date: 2013-12-02 19:06:52


You forgot the word "physical."  In *physical* circulation.  Due to fractional reserves, there is ten times that in electronic circulation, which is what we are dealing with in BTC as well, after all.  Value is given to whatever people agree to, which in this case is data.
You're basically trying to compare M0 to M3, which is interesting, but not very useful in this discussion.