@_author: hughk
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:52:50
having work in some very big banks a loong time after you had you disagreements over the law, you should have left money laundering to the professionals!!! They are much better at it than individuals, and even after 9/11 and such, plenty of holes remain that allow smaller banks (i.e., state level) to slip through.
Seriously, as an individual, you are so screwed. As a corp, you may be protected by anonymity rules and as a large retail bank, nobody wants to shut you down.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:21:36


Well to an extent that does happen.  For years, post-Soviet Russia had an economy that was dollarised. Okay the Fed likes to look after things so it was fairly stable but it meant a part of the Russian ecopnomy was efefctively run by the Fed and at the same time it had become a joke in Russia that they needed no nuclear weapons against the US, they could just all sell their dollars.
Now the Central Bank of Russia has moved to a basket type system based on a sliding scale between the Dollar and the Euro, they have some stability but Russians *still* prefer their Dollar and Euro banknotes.
I would agree there are many systematic issues (blockchain size, transaction volume, etc) but it remains interesting.
@_date: 2013-04-13 08:16:42
Also, what is a database being used for an order-book?
Eurex used straight ISAM files for a long time, but with transaction journalling for protection and full failover capability. Later they improved performance by moving to an in-memory order book for high volatility products. Other systems had an audit trail of orders so the book could be recreated in case of failover between the matching hosts.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:12:36
Quite right. Howver a large number of people believe in it so it isn't going to lose its value quickly, for example its combined use as bride adornement and a dowry in countries such as India.
@_date: 2013-04-13 08:11:57
I guess you have never written code for one?
I have worked on some large scale exchanges and locks are a convenient way to avoid a problem and to also ensure that individual systems can fail without loss of completed transactions.
@_date: 2013-12-02 14:50:28
Actually gold gets used a fair bit in electronics too, because it tends not to corrode, it is often used as a plating for connectors. It has excellent thermal properties too and a very thin layer is often used on the outseide of satellites.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:03:18
I am far from a Bitcoin believer but I find it fascinating. I work in the financial markets and have worked with FX amongst other things.
Lets ignore for the moment those of us in relatively open economies (US/EU/etc). There are a large number of people who have to live with fairly hefty exchange controls, banks that do not like withdrawals and has a central bank that does not attempt to look after the currency. For these people, BTC is positively advantageous.
The lack of any central bank means that there is nobody with an interest in dealing with the volatility and the lack of proper regulated markets doesn't exactly help either.
@_date: 2013-04-13 17:54:05
As a mechanism for message passing between shared memory elements this looks interesting. I will spend longer having a look at it and get back to you after the weekend.
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:10:43
The performance of locking can suck but it is a vital element for transaction protection (which is implemented using locking). So with transaction protection, the debit from the buyers outstanding orders account should be grouped with the order add. This is logical but slow and safe. It also allows you to have a standby system that can pick up and continue in case of failures.
The cleverer approach is to use ordered lists in memory. This can be implemented using special instructions that avoid locking but it is in memory only so is lost when that particular system dies.
What sucks here anyway is to have a direct connection to the matching engine. You really want to give that job to another system which also maintains a synch log. When the matching host fails, the client processing system can replay the synch log as part of recovery (which, TBH is a "must handle situation", but relatively infrequent).
Another approach is to say that the order book is cleared down and only matched transactions are guaranteed.