@_author: humanos
@_date: 2013-12-07 07:24:33
I'm going to assume a couple things here so feel free to challenge my assumptions first:
1) Your "actual economics" is Keynesian as opposed to Austrian, which is what Bitcoiners consider actual economics.
2) You have in mind some very specific attributes of an ideal currency.
3) You know the details of why the current global currency system is unsustainable. The exchange rate system has collapsed at least once in the last 100 years (I'm thinking of Bretton Woods - Nixon - 1971) and the current one, based on the petrodollar is looking mighty creaky, in spite of trillion dollar military actions to prop it up.
4) You posted here hoping to show with Keynesian arguments why Bitcoin is not a suitable currency.
There's no way I'm going to be able to counter your technical arguments but I would ask that after you're finished demolishing my assumptions that you offer a rough outline of your ideal currency and if my 3) is otl, explain how the current system is in any way viable going forward.
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:07:22
Bitcoin lacks a don't-worry-it's-not-your-fault layer. From what I've seen over the last 50 years, most people wouldn't get out of bed if they had to be responsible for their own decisions and actions.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:16:03
.00000001 BTC  = 10 nano BTC = 1 Satoshi
1 Satoshi = $.01 when 1 Bitcoin = $1,000,000 USD = 12T USD total cap at the current 12 million Bitcoins in circulation. That should be enough to absorb whales jumping into and out of the pool.
Looked at this way, the primary Bitcoin unit is analogous to launching a currency with one million dollar bills. People now talk about Bitcoins and Satoshis but it makes sense that real names will eventually be used for various other subdivisions, and I don’t mean mbit or milli, etc.
If you’re having trouble getting your head around how prices would be determined if a crypto currency was the primary global currency, that’s because we’ve all grown up in economies that are centrally controlled. Central banking and regulatory democracy are at root price fixing mechanisms designed to benefit those at the top. Crypto currencies cut out the self appointed middlemen to all transactions done with their currencies.
If Bitcoin grows to the point where people are getting paid in BTC as well as using it for transactions and wealth storage, Adam Smith’s invisible hand will find the right price for everything. There won’t be a Bernanke’s visible hand constantly generating confusing signals.
edit: added "... at the current 12 million Bitcoins in circulation."
@_date: 2013-12-07 08:55:03
It's because of the spread between bid and ask. When the price is moving fast there can be a big jump between the price where someone is offering to sell (ask) and the price where someone is willing to buy (bid). 
Other markets, such as stocks, bonds, currencies, commodities, etc. have market makers to provide liquidity and manage the spreads so they don't get too big. But bitcoin, AFAIK, does not currently have any market makers working the exchanges.
A market maker is a professional trader whose job requires them to buy when no customers are willing to buy and sell when no customers want to sell, or in other words buy low and sell high. Sounds rough, right? The spread is a market maker's profit.
Quick and dirty explanation. There's tons of info on how markets work; it's like a college degree if you acquire it all.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:51:26
Yes, Bitcoin is being thought of too narrowly and its value compared to the US dollar as if the USD was some kind of bedrock. Every fiat currency in history has failed spectacularly and USD will suffer the same fate in spite of its being backed by the taxing power of the federal government and the most powerful military in history.
It's too early to know with any certainty, but Bitcoin could become a safe harbor in a USD collapse.
