@_author: humbleelitist_
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:38:49
For the record, I do feel that the fork in response to "the DAO hack" was inappropriate. Which is most of why I (also) support Ethereum Classic.
When I was saying "not a big problem" I was referring to cases where the contract doesn't work right and the user loses their money, and that's it, but they had accepted that possibility already.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:32:49
I meant to describe audited and well established as being an intermediate level between "lol trying a totally untested program " and "formally verified". It wasn't supposed to be sufficient in all cases, just enough for some people's level of risk tolerance.
The ideal assurance of correctness would of course be formal verification.
I agree that there are trade-offs involved.
I just think it is reasonable for some people to take one side of the trade offs. Also probably reasonable for others to take the other side of it.
@_date: 2017-10-30 22:13:27
By the language do you mean the languages that people are using to write Ethereum contracts, or the compiled results?
I'm guessing you mean the former.
In the future, people might use other languages that have more features for formal verification and which compile down to the same?
I don't think there is any issue with the EVM that prevents using a language with good verification stuff?
(I don't know that any such language is ready for use yet though. I think no?)
(Disclosure: I don't own any of any cryptocurrency. My dad owns a little. However, I am somewhat emotionally invested in Ethereum/Ethereum Classic, so take that into account when evaluating my biases, etc.)
@_date: 2015-04-16 04:36:16
Generally, I think the idea is that you would run the program on your local machine (which shouldn't take long.[1]) to determine what the gas cost is, and then send a sufficient amount.
If one sends a fee which is not sufficient to complete the execution of the program, all changes from the program are reverted (for security reasons) (but the gas cost still occurs, for DoS reasons).
So, as far as I understand it, one should never be surprised by the computation not being completed, as one should know whether one included a sufficient fee before one makes the transaction.[2]
[1] Running the program on the network generally isn't so that you know what the result is, rather to create consensus about the result. If you just wanted to know what the result would be, it would be cheaper to run it locally.
[2] I would expect that when Mist (or, whatever name it ends up having) is released (which would be a fair bit after Ethereum in general is up), the GUI would have the test for sufficient funds before sending the transaction bit built in/automatic. Not sure of this, just an assumption I am making.
Note: I do not own any of any cryptocurrency. I am not financially incentivized to support or FUD any cryptocurrency. This comment only represents my personal understanding, and it may have inaccuracies.
tl;dr: I think that you should know whether the transaction contains enough gas for the computation to finish before sending the transaction.
@_date: 2017-10-31 02:35:28
Oh! So I did misunderstand you. Thank you for the correction.
Regarding being unable to make a program which can check any program for whether it will halt, yes, that is a cost.
However, if one is attempting to write a program along with a proof that it halts, the halting problem doesn't cause too much of a problem, because the behavior you want probably isn't that difficult to analyze. You would generally understand why you believe the program you are writing will halt, so what remains would be to formalize that understanding, in a way that can be checked.
Of course, if the language simply doesn't allow programs that don't obviously halt, then you get the benefit of not having to write the proof, at the cost of not being able to write some programs that you could prove halt, but for which it isn't quite as obvious.
Which, you of course know.
A point I missed the first time I read your comment, was the possibility of including the run-time-checker in the consensus rules. That is an interesting point that I hadn't thought of. I am not sure how much of a benefit that would be, but it seems to me like something that could be strongly desirable in some cases, but I'm not sure why.
The "if the computation takes too long, just abort it and revert the changes" model doesn't seem like it would harm any of the rest of the network, only the person making the transaction, and I think that people can work out the level of risk they are comfortable with when making transactions. They can run the transaction locally, or if they don't feel like that is safe enough, they can choose to only use contracts which have been verified to use at most a given amount of "gas" in each situation. You've probably heard that shpiel before though? 
Regarding choosing to only interact with contracts proven to behave well, and possibly being out-competed by those who don't, I think the question is based on what levels of risk is one willing to accept.
If you are only putting a small amount of money into something, which you don't mind terribly if you lose it, then it would be reasonable to use a smart contract which isn't verified, or possibly doesn't even have the source code looked over particularly carefully.
And if you (the rhetorical you, not you in particular) lose the little bit of money put into something like that, then hopefully you knew the risks and had accepted that possibility to start with.
In other cases, one might want to only use a smart contract if it has been audited, and is well established, or whatever.
My hope would be that over time, more verified foundational things will be built, which would make it easier to make larger things verifiable, so there would be less reason to use unverified stuff.
I agree that in a system with fewer restrictions on the contracts, there would generally be more risks taken by people on the correctness of the contracts, but I think this is probably not a big problem?
Also, I don't see why others being able to risk things on assuming a contract is safe would put pressure on oneself to do the same?
Again, I'd like to thank you for your response.
Sorry if I repeated myself in this, am typing it on phone which makes it harder to review what I already said.