@_author: hungriestofhippos
@_date: 2017-12-16 22:54:39
If it was for christmas and birthdays, that's at least 2 btc per person so 16 btc total. If I was OP, I'd take back 1.5 of the 2 btc (still being super generous at a gift value of $10,000) and go buy a fuckin' lambo.
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:18:12
Had? Sure. Did he HODL it all? Idk
@_date: 2015-01-19 09:22:43
I'm a novice at this shit. I don't actually own any BTC as of this moment but I'm working my way into investing very soon. So this post is likely bullshit but here's my rationale:
The intrinsic value is that billions have already been sunk into it, and those heavily backing it will not let it disappear. Cryptocurrencies aren't about to disappear, and bitcoin is by far and large the leader. 
Intrinsic value aside (no fiat currency has any intrinsic value)... 
1) there's a finite number of bitcoins. This could work one of two ways: that bitcoin will be continously adopted by more corporations and become more desirable. Supply and demand, where supply drops and demand increases. Or the alternative, where it's purely speculative and subject to unstable prices as a small, select few hoard them all looking for profit instead of using it as currency. It's tending towards the latter however...
2) BTC has practical uses. Western Union/moneygram are the blockbuster versus  Netflix (BTC). To paraphrase another source: bitcoin is the equivalent of the Internet start up. In the beginning it was a good concept, but took a while to mature and reach its potential. 
3) as a volatile currency, it has less value to corporations until it has a stable (read: high) value. When it drops 40% over a few weeks it has little use. The $10k/coin number gets thrown out a lot as wishful thinking, but corporations are more wiling to deal with risks associated with smaller percentages of change. As in having higher values. A $25 drop doesn't have the impact on a coin worth thousands, obviously. 
Tl;Dr from a noob:
It's growing and there's a cap. Supply and demand plays a large factor. There's more value in that than 
