@_author: huntskanks_42
@_date: 2018-08-08 01:19:28
So is every other investment in the world its for everyone to invest in. But bitcoin was made for people that didn't want to deal with bankers and corrupt people. Now if they do make an etf the corrupt are going to have it and they can pump and dump it and control the price cause they will have a major share of it in the etf. That is the problem with bitcoin not much of it was made so its easy to manipulate the price of it from 20k down to 150 dollars a coin. This is part of why bitcoin doesn't work. And its high transaction fees is a failed way to do transactions. 
Its main use now is its a trading pair with all the alt coins that people want. Ethereum is getting more trading pairs now and closing in on bitcoin as one day other coins will be trading with any coin. Then bitcoins value will be pretty worthless when that day comes. But it will be awhile. Bitcoin has value now but in 10 to 20 years it wont have much imo. Bitcoin did start the crypto currency boom which now has many alt coins so a lot is owed to bitcoin. And it will be held as collectors item in the future so it will stay a little value based on the fact it got everything started. They really should make a etf for the altcoins not bitcoin imo. Then thats something I would definitely put a lot of money into.
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:41:02
younger generation need to understand 2+2=4 no matter what. You can have all the new tech and gadgets come out but there is a base root to everything including success. Warren Buffet has made billions of dollars to the point he is one of the richest in the world from age what early 20s to now year after year out performing people of all ages because he knows the stuff others don't know to making money and knows how to avoid scams and bull crap more then anyone else. He grinds it out year after year for the last 50-70 years. When i see guys like Doug Polk who was on a heater in poker  for a year or 2 roll his eyes to Buffets advice its just comical. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 00:47:09
he doesn't need to know about the sector. He knows about how investing works and the regulation structured around it. He bought a business he had no idea how it worked he just talked to the ceo for 5m and bought it and it was huge success. He knows what a successful ceo does to structure his business in a successful way. Most people he turns down on investing in their business he looks for a certain quality in the person and how they structure their life around their business. That is how warren buffet looks at things is how the environment around it operates and he knows what environment will succeed and what will fail at a uncanny ability to become one of the richest in the world. He knows exactly what he is doing. People laughed at him about gold when gold went to 2k and they aren't laughing anymore his birkshire stock worth way more. They laughed at him about internet stocks and the .com bubble shut everyone up. Some hedge fund took his bet they could make more money then index fund they lost the bet. People have tried to prove him wrong but in the long run he is always right its why hes what 2nd richest in the world and these talkers are broke. If someone can grind out 50 billion dollars over a ton of years I would take his advice over anyone else. He doesn't need your money or to try to scam anyone he has no need for money. He doesn't have to give his wisdom out to anyone but he is trying to guide people properly on what made him successful. I don't get it someones old and young people assume they are stupid or have no clue about life. 
@_date: 2018-04-01 22:04:52
Your nuts when Warren Buffets say that he is certain crypto curriences are worthless you better run for the hills. He said it in november he was certain they would free fall. thats like a big red warning flag to everyone. I sold everything i was done. When he says word certain its once in blue moon and he has never been wrong when he used that word. He usually just says he doesn't understand it so he dont invest in it. You guys said hes a dumb old man. He knows one thing that any sort of investment will be taxed by the government. Now everyone is facing heavy fines from the irs that either turned crypto into fiat or traded crypto for crypto. These coins are not decentralized. Maybe ecosystem might be some day but the coins themselves are not. The irs wil come kknocking at your door if your not paying taxes on your profits. Wtih all this regulation coming in crypto investing is over with. Its game over. The ecosystem have a bright future i love the crypto technology but these coins were not made for investing purposes. They were made to fund these ecosystems to get going. Its in the white paper. I am pretty sure bitcoin will be under 1k by end of the year. Nobody wants to deal with the irs in the usa. I wont touch crypto with a 10 foot pole. I know several people who faced heavy tax fines. No ty. So if your investing be careful. It could turn around but I don't see it happening when irs is coming after people. If u have to invest into it pyramid slowly into it as it goes down. Don't put all your eggs in one basket. I loved crypto investing too i get it but I am not taking on the irs and fincen they are the end bosses that i never want to have problems with. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 00:37:34
He doesn't need to know the technology he understands how investment and regulation works. So he probably knew already people would run into the irs and face heavy fines. I never said i don't like the crypto technology. I am here to see how the ecosystems improve. Not everyone has to be a selfish who just invest to make money. Thats not what crypto currencies was supposed to be about in the first place. It was to fund them so they can start their ecosystems. It wasn't to put money in your pocket. So if that is why you are here you should not be on here. Its not about you and your wallet its about the technology making it better for humanity and learning from the tech they are creating. Why i keep telling you all this was not made for investing. Its in their white paper. People are going broke thinking its like a stock. It  is not a stock and its different entity then the ecosystem they are creating in most cases. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 04:50:46
Its weird I have 2 addresses to send money from on nano ledger s. I wanted to send out 25 bucks one only charged 2.00 the other wanted to charge 10 the address i have the money on. But  the other wallet charges only 2 for the same speed too. Whats up with that? I have been have a lot of problems with this nano ledger s im about to get me a trezor. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 14:03:13
Coinbase is going to go out of business and so will the rest of these exchanges controlled by fincen sar. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 13:59:53
Ya not buying that reason. How can a reference code not come in. Banks don't screw up like that they always send reference code. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 13:58:38
name an exchange thats better. Its all the same even the Kraken I am having problems with a withdrawal already. Its not coin base its that fincen sar crap. They are going to ruin crypto currencies cause they want all your info and they want you to email it to them. Like thats a safe practice to just email people you don't even know all your info. Crypto currencies are ruined they are heavily regulated now soon as you try take out some cash. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 14:16:12
Gemini will do the same stuff they have to follow the fincensar guidelines. There is no way around what you guys are trying to go around. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 14:14:52
i have hard ware ledger wallet they are terrible. The bitcoin fees go up as you use it more up to around 10-30 bucks on transactions then you have to make a new account on the ledger. Its something they can't fix. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 14:12:16
Wrong it doesn't matter if you store them on exchange or a wallet. To turn it into cash to put in your bank account you still have to go through an exchange soon as its on the exchange they can now be police offers and ask 10k questions and demand all your tax returns. You can't get around fincensar. So all these people buying or investing in bitcoin once you invest it forget about taking it off and turning into cash you might get to a few times but they can block you from doing it. 
@_date: 2017-07-04 14:07:59
Yes i can back that. They don't need any real proof of anything. If they don't like a certain address you send to they will block your account and then do police questions on you. They all do it and its not coinbase or the kraken or whatever. Its that fincensar business.