@_author: hushcoin
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:42:29
This is the most current whois information available:
[Whois]( 
We are currently not on LinkedIn and have no immediate plans of joining additional social media networks. We will reevaluate our out-of-band communications once alpha has been released.
@_date: 2013-04-15 22:52:36
hushcoin operates more as a private dealer then a currency exchange. Members will be buying and selling directly with us, not trading with other members.
The prices vary depending on your membership type and the type of transaction you are making. Depositing and withdrawing fiat from your account has a 3-4% fee, but buying and selling bitcoins has no fee.
hushcoin has three types of membership and each membership type has a minimum deposit and withdrawal limit: $1k, $10k or $100k. We do not have specific volume numbers available to provide as a comparison to MtGox at this point but we anticipate the volume of BTC available to be sufficient while we grow our business.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:34:43
The transaction process is what you’ll commonly see in the Bitcoin community. You will have an account set up with hushcoin in which you can deposit and withdraw USD and use to exchange for bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:23:35
To be honest, we aren't quite sure either since our service isn't available yet.
@_date: 2013-04-15 21:56:52
Money can be deposited and withdrawn through ACH and wire transfers. We will not be accepting cash deposits at any banks.
There will not be a full order book available, but the current volume of bitcoins available for purchase will update every 15 minutes. 
hushcoin will be operating independently from any existing exchanges.
We are also interested in your thoughts of our publicity release being early.
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:05:33
We responded with details to EvilGeniusAtSmall, but in short, we will provide quicker transactions and less hassle.
In even more detail, we are going to great lengths to ensure account and network security. Some of the many precautions we are taking:
Two-factor authentication is required.
You will be able to opt into being alerted when your account is signed into (or even require an email confirmation every time you log in from a new location).
You will also be able to provide us with a public GPG key if you want your invoices and other email communication with us encrypted.
Personally identifiable information is encrypted and stored offline, only accessible by required staff.
@_date: 2013-04-15 23:43:26
hushcoin is not an anonymous service. We comply to all FinCEN and AML/KYC regulations, which means we will verify every member who joins hushcoin.
However, we will allow free bitcoin trading, which means if you're in it for the bitcoins and not the USD, you will only ever be charged to deposit or withdraw **USD**. We do not charge per bitcoin purchase, nor do we charge you to withdraw bitcoins, since we never store your bitcoins. We send them directly to your bitcoin address once you purchase them.
As for why we're not just a middle man for an exchange: hushcoin is not a platform for high-frequency currency exchange. We are tailoring our service to larger transactions and those who want a simple way to purchase or sell bitcoins. Members will be dealing only with hushcoin, not other members. They won't have to worry about market orders or price lag; every bitcoin sell or purchase will be processed within fifteen minutes.