@_author: -hushpuppies-
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:01:21
Great Info! Thanks for sharing. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 07:12:35
Sorry if my post came across as nonsensical. I just wanted to share my experience. Hopefully some other people can learn from my mistake. 
The only reason I sold at the low was because I felt it was my last resort. Everyone eventually has a breaking point whether they like to admit it or not. It all just depends on when, and how much they've invested. I held though a lot up until that point and I wish I hadn't held on for that long. Holding is not always the most consistent strategy, and since then, I've come a long way by learning how to trade.
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:28:26
Ok that totally makes sense. I knew that was the case with most other random cryptos, but I wasn't aware that btc was still one of the only ones that exchanges would trade for fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-19 04:59:15
scroll down towards the bottom of the page. I asked the same question earlier and got some informative replies. 
@_date: 2018-02-17 18:52:50
Heard this song on sirius xm this morning during the whoolywood shuffle. Thought you guys would appreciate it. To the moon!
@_date: 2018-02-28 01:55:29
What are your guys thoughts about BTC and the BTCP fork happening in less than 24hrs. I feel like the only reason bitcoin shot up and stabilized right underneath the major trend line is due to general people and whales stocking up to claim their BTCP. Once BTCP is claimed, will the bots reactive causing drastic BTC fluctuations again? Just curious to hear your guys thoughts are. I certainly hope this isn't the case, I just feel like something fishy is going on. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:00:11
This might be a really silly questions but can someone please elaborate why each time btc goes through a significant downward trend we see 99% of alt coins bottoming out as well. I feel like at this point there there should be at least a handful of other alt coins that don't follow foot? Maybe its not a good correlation, but its just something I've noticed over time.
@_date: 2018-03-11 03:41:02
I completely disagree. I feel bad for hard working innocent investors holding and hoping for the moon with BTC. I once too was one of those people. I bought in when BTC was less than 1K and continued to invest all the way up till around 14K. I only listened to everyone preach HODL.
I ended up selling all my BTC at the all-time low because I didn't know anything about trading and had no strategy at all. I was watching BTC drop like a rock and thought it would hit 3k again so I panic sold using coinbase. My mindset at the time was I didn’t want to completely lose everything so I was essentially cutting my losses. My money was then locked in transaction for a week while I watched the price rise again. Selling at 6k was the worse crypto decision I have ever made, but that’s also because I was completely ignorant and delusional. After making that mistake I told myself that if I were to continue staying invested in this technology, I’d have to educate myself better. I now understand the technology better, graphs, trading strategies, market manipulation and bot trading (although I don’t personally bot trade). I feel way more confident and have slowly regained half of my BTC losses over the last month. Its hasn’t been easy but it is possible. Although this is kind of contradicting in the sense that I shouldn’t have sold at 6k, it was also a blessing in disguise because the HODL mindset is what got me in that mess in the first place. 
I have believed in bitcoin for a long time and continued to do so even after losing money. I will continue believing even if the market completely crashes as I feel that the technology is far too superior to just flat out fail.  To me, BTC is the way of the future and quite frankly it’s just flat out fuckn awesome. Plus I love the community that comes with it. 
None of us know what the future will bring but for heaven sakes people, the days of holding and hoping for the best are over. There is way too much money and manipulation going on in this market now. Holding and dreaming about lambos in space isn’t the best decision. There are better strategies. You have to adapt. I’m not saying trading is superior to holding, I’m simply saying that having a firm decision to only hold no matter what is a horrible decision and misinforms people. I was once one of those people and held all the way till the end until I was no longer willing to lose it all. 
While I completely agree that day trading BTC is nearly impossible unless you happen to luck out or stare at a screen all day, there are still beneficial strategies to weekly trading or even more long-term trading. Don't let anyone tell you that holding is the only way go and is the safest.
@_date: 2018-02-19 18:08:44
8" there and back!
@_date: 2018-12-26 03:26:18
Their system is partially down