@_author: hwillis
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:36:14


@_date: 2014-03-18 21:34:33
How?  The only way they would be able to buy in would be by mining, and there are very few undeveloped countries where you can buy a mining rig without a developed currency...
bitcoins don't magically level the currency playing field, if an unstable economy uses bitcoins the local value of bitcoins will still fluctuate unless they can buy things outside their own economy.  An economy that can interact outside its own economy and can buy bitcoins online sounds very stable.
I don't know enough economics to be sure but I think you're wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-18 23:26:00


does anybody currently offer a discount for bitcoins?


Sorry, I'm not actually thinking in absolutes, just bigger impacts than niches and in the far off future.  What industries would be affected adopting bitcoin.


no market is impregnable in the long term.  If there is money to be made, it will come to the west eventually.  Even if someone is being paid, someone is paying him and that person is always looking to cut costs.  The back stabbing and general nastiness is what keeps everything evolving.
And just because it isn't printed doesn't mean it isn't controlled.  People will always be able to affect the economy, and digital currency means those with the most resources will be the ones controlling it- bitcoin shifts fiscal control from the government but it also shifts it to the richest people and corporations.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:31:26
even at $2, thats 3.5%, lower than a lot of credit cards.  Now at $500 credit cards are x3000+ times more expensive.
edit:  Thought I knew what I was talking about, do I not?  not super educated about this
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:19:40


I disagree.  Cash doesn't have fees on the merchant and they could offer discounts for cash, but instead places just have a minimum for credit, and that only rarely.  Overall bitcoin use would lower the cost to consumers, but that isn't direct enough an incentive for consumers to switch.  


I see a check as something you can mail/give to people who won't accept it digitally that isn't as vulnerable as cash, and still has no additional financial cost.  Bitcoin can be represented physically but if you are asking for a check you won't be messing around with bitcoins.  Checks are for people who don't like computers or boxes of cash, and bitcoin only replaces boxes of cash, which is not a big deal in my eyes.


I don't see it.  You can't stay competitive financially with your peers without investing the money you aren't using.  A savings account is accepting a small gain for the ability to use that money just as easily- there's no reason to switch totally to bitcoin and let go of that gain.


Yes, but mostly because I can't see bitcoin applying at all to an area that isn't very well developed.  There are people in Kenya with internet but I live in a poor area and a huge number of people just hang on to their money with cash because they are completely uneducated about banks and finance.  It seems to me like there is no way any more than a tiny number of people in less developed countries could get access to the information and opportunities they would need, despite bitcoin's massive, massive publicity.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:28:48
I'm pretty sure you're right now that I think about it more.  Fedwire and CHIPS exist to aggregate every banks transactions so they can trade cash, but bitcoin+a sufficiently advanced network would make that unnecessary and the money could just be transferred as is- at some point it would be cheaper to just pay the miners a fee than to bundle all your transactions.  Thats cool to imagine.  I wonder how you would start something like that.
The little banks don't use CHIPS so they could maybe do bitcoins for transactions instead of wiring to each other through big banks.  If bitcoin stabilizes, maybe they switch to accepting bitcoins directly, and then maybe larger banks will follow.  It would take the cost of wiring money down extremely low and make it much quicker.  Never close to ten minutes, but maybe hourly.  Maybe someone should start talking to local banks, haha
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:26:03
Oh, smart.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:37:36
I'm trying to avoid the "fractions of a cent" side of bitcoin and focus on the bigger picture hypotheticals.
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:39:00
I was making assumptions, because you made a statement without backing it up at all.
You're saying that bitcoin brings digital transactions to countries without any banks?  How does that help anything?


I believe that if the majority currency becomes worthless in your country, all money will become worthless unless there is some other way you can use it to buy something.
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:39:42
I see.  Clever.  It's still fundamentally the same though, the escrow still exists while all the machinery around it is replaced.
@_date: 2014-03-18 23:09:25
Not quite, paypal never really sees my money, it all goes into CHIPS or Fedwire where all the transactions are combined.  Paypal doesn't physically have any of my money any more than anark would, especially if the escrow time was short enough.