@_author: hwknd
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:05:16
Upvote x 100.
Sick and house bound with CFS since 2001. Bed bound for the first years. Thankfully slightly 'better' now.  I was 21 and in medical school. I could have been a doctor now, instead of on disability.
It's like living with a really crappy ancient rechargeable battery that loses half its charge within 5 minutes, takes ages to recharge, and never charges above in my case about 40%(this percentage guesstimate differs per person, and can change hourly/daily/monthly.. It's pretty unpredictable) 
There are literally millions of people, all with very similar stories and symptoms (a classic symptom is post exertional malaise, where as soon as you do more than you should - and this can be a very small physical or mental task - your body throws a major hissy fit and ups all the symptoms, while the battery level plummets even further). Despite a ton of evidence of physical abnormalities, there is a super stubborn group that claims it's 'all in the mind- (if you want to have some "fun" Google the UK PACE trial, I'm guessing the w million pounds of government funding has something to do with it... They were finally proven wrong this year, with has criticism from their peers for fudging data. This funding could have gone to proper research, but didn't). 
It's very similar to how MS, Parkinson's and epilepsy were once seen as witchcraft or something (history repeats itself). Except where now those patients at least have some treatments available, and some recognition from both the public and the medical community, the treatment that is recommended as a result of said PACE trial will make most CFS patients a lot worse. 
I am very grateful that there are small groups of researchers who are focusing on finding a cause, a biomarker, and treatment. OMF is one of them. They had some very promising results this year already (large molecule in blood fucking up energy production, putting the body in a state of hibernation where it's all about putting the body in a state if very low energy,  in order to survive. Incompatible with anything close to normal activity, see their conference videos on YouTube), but much more funding is definitely needed (I'm pretty sure they are completely privately funded, so they don't have to wait for some bureaucratic snail paced approval process. They are speeding along compared to others, and I can't wait for them to figure out all out!!)
The state of CFS funding (not the graph I was looking for, but it's equally depressing) compared to other diseases.. As you can see we're way behind. Some people recover on their own after years and years of  surviving - this means recovery is possible, but we need research to get there.
@_date: 2017-11-20 13:11:00
I know the private/public key cryptography principle.
Public key is available to all, and used to encrypt the messasge. The message can only be unlocked with the private key, which only the recipient has.
So the "send money to this bitcoin wallet address" that I have is the public key, and the wallet file itself is the private key? 
And this wallet (private key) is even more secure because it has some extra security options available, like the 12 word thing, a password, or 2 factor auth.. The password I found probably is the password I could  use to decrypt the wallet file with, if I found it again.
(Highly unlikely. Which in short means: yes, I'm totally screwed, and I'm never going to get access again).
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:41:19
Well, I found my (email to self) login details for the bitcoin mining site (slushpool.cz) in my Thunderbird archive.
About 4 emails under that is one from the insurance company titled "Lightning strike damage report". It's a few months later, but I'm pretty sure I'm screwed here because even though I don't really remember what I tried to do with bitcoins, I do very clearly remember that very loud bang and the smell of ozone..  Most electronics that were plugged in were toast. Pretty sure that whole PC got replaced, including the harddisks.
I'm pretty good at backing up, so I'll have to go dig through some old USB drives, but I don't think I kept anything from 2013. I've restored/updated my system a bunch of times since, and usually do a "only import back into the clean system what you really need", and I formatted a whole bunch of harddisks when I transferred a DVD collection to HD..
Thanks for the help anyway! Really too bad there's no recovery system if you lose anything. 
Great for security though, since you really have to have everything that's needed if you want access.
I don't remember what I used to create that wallet either. I was hoping there were some wallet sites/bitcoin programs I could try to log in to with that password and that payment address, but it looks like I actually need the wallet file to unlock it with the password.
So... while the transactions made for all bitcoin wallets are stored in the blockchain, the wallet itself is not, so you can't 'download' it again once you lose it? 
Edit- rephrasing for clarity.
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:30:02
I have what looks to be a 23 character randomly generated password. Could that be the private key?
