@_author: hydra-bob
@_date: 2018-01-20 14:16:37
I see. Yes, for what its worth I agree that the scope of what a government is allowed to do must be closely watched. Its a tough world out there and there aren't many good answers to the problems faced by all nations these days. The advent and rise of new technology has brought many problems to the forefront.  
@_date: 2018-01-20 12:10:04
Yes there are systems in place. The CBO for example. The Federal Bank is another depending on your opinion regarding monetarism. The rights of the federal government and the rights of states and municipal governments are all taken into account as well in the Supreme Court in order to guarantee that one component of government does not spiral out of control.  Combined with the checks and balances of separate branches of government, there are plenty of systems in place to keep government bloat down. 
It doesn't always work out perfectly but its a very strong system that can respond to emergencies. We have the world's longest lived democratic republic for good reasons. 
@_date: 2018-01-20 12:13:49
We don't save money during a shutdown... the opposite happens.  For example, [Rand Paul, son of Ron Paul, on how expensive a government shutdown is compared to keeping it open.](
@_date: 2018-05-05 17:37:49
Call it by its name. That's the remastered director's cut of *Gay Strikes Back*.  Fuckin' millennials. Gay part 2 is when you become horrified after getting lost in the feminine hygiene section of a Costco pharmacy.
@_date: 2018-02-03 01:03:42
People freaking out about a coin tanking were investing wrong in the first place.
This is a bull market of pure speculation. Expect every coin to tank, invest accordingly in the hopes that one of them will not. 
There is little to no oversight to prevent fraudulent practices like pump and dump schemes so assume that absolutely every crypto-coin is being gamed by someone. 
Big risks, big rewards means there are a ton of assorted conmen and grifters ready to rip you off. Assume every deal is probably a rip off. This is very much like the junk bond market of the 80s with lots of over-inflated values. Expect most of it to crash short term.  The trick is buy low, sell high. Day trading is just gambling... unless you're a conman doing something that is illegal or should be illegal.  If you want to make an investment that is underwritten with real value buy real stocks and bonds instead of virtual equivalents. There is money to be made here, so expect bad guy and bogus investments.