@_author: hyperbrain
@_date: 2019-11-01 09:26:30


How delusional!
Hold so others can pump and dump and keep making money at will.
Bitcoin has clear signs of manipulation left and right. Exchanges manipulate it, big players manipulate it and so the FED. But you need an army of fanatics to hold the price somehow so the volatility can benefit few.
"Digital gold, a true store of value"... Give me a break! There is nothing in BTC but speculation, btc is the biggest con asset in history, it doesn't have any intrinsic value, its only use is speculation.
I am now convinced that Bitcoin was created to be a distraction to Gold, a form to deflate Gold so the dollar can keep its dominance. Bitcoin always was presented as a solid shining Gold coin, which in reality is a computer blockChain program, far from solid and reliable. The main target was always to extract wealth from the Gold market, even so it theoretically came as a solution to the 'FIAT' system.
Bitcoin made some really wealthy, and that is great! I wish I was one of them, unfortunately I missed the boat, however at this stage, bitcoin became a religion that needs millions to support its price and early adopters invested interests.
Some say that I don't understand Bitcoin, because it is not about the wealth, but the 'revolution' against the system, but in reality 99% of holders want Bitcoin to gain value so they can make money from new participants, a classic pyramid scheme! So two different conflicting sides, opposing itself, like everything else in Bitcoin, it is a conundrum where the wealthy benefit from.
To resume the best I can describe BTC:


*P.S. I don't hate any bitcoiner and I am happy with the success some had, just tell the truth of the scheme. Nothing wrong with the truth! Bitcoin is an entertainment, perhaps an addiction to some, like gambling. It can exist, but should be tagged as nothing else more than electronic gambling.*
@_date: 2019-10-18 09:57:49
I disagree with every single point you made.
I will start with the first, with is the crux of the BTC religion.
It is clear, that only few own most of the BTC tokens, few with the money followed by millions of participants with tiny stakes. It is all fact, as you mention look at the wallet addresses. Here is an excerpt from one of many articles online shining a light on the matter:


Bitcoin exchanges benefit hugely from this fantasy game. Here are some hidden fees, together it makes any transaction and storing from the beginning to the end a very expensive financial process coated with a unbelievable complexity procedures, times over easier traditional systems:
* network fees
* wallet fees
* premium rate
* exchange fees
* conversion fees
Just in 2018, when most were losing money with Bitcoin, Binance the biggest BTC trader and custodian made $450 million in profits!
I can see now how BTC works... it works for the benefit of very few... they get wealth transferred from small investors into their bank accounts. That is how Bitcoin came so solve their problems.
@_date: 2019-10-29 15:11:48
BTC is near the top of the ping-pong range set by the fed, get ready for the dump back to 6k... 3...2...1
@_date: 2019-10-07 09:06:32
Bitcoin has run out of steam... the blowup top of the crypto market was back in 2017... now it ain't coming back ever... the whole alts market is completely dead with losses of 98% on average. The money sustaining BTC in the thin air now is coming from alt investors desperately selling their holdings into BTC... cryptos are deflating slowly and there is only a big vacuum below BTC now, the implosion force is tremendous. When big holders start liquidating some of their holdings, the whole house of cards will implode... Cryptos are a captured market, the FED has a 'crypto desk dep.', a whole floor to deal with it, they will ping-pong it until it is nothing...
@_date: 2019-10-17 10:33:09
BTC is not for all, it is not a solution for the public or the common person or small investor, it is for a small selected percentage of the population that "get it"... or that have the technical know how... right... After it wiped out billions of thousand of small investors... cynical comment, 'if you didn't win like me or doesn't agree with me is not for you, move on...'
@_date: 2019-10-18 09:33:57
Like someone said, "BTC is not for you", it is not for any regular Joe, it is not for the masses, it is not for the small investor that don't understand well its complicated technical workarounds...
It only works for techy-millennials that bought into it early on, and benefited from the injection of money from other no so luck participants.
The attacks comes after indisputable facts can't be denied, I ain't going down there pal.
@_date: 2019-10-28 13:11:08
if you believe in leprechaun buy into this dream pipe.
@_date: 2019-10-18 09:28:51
BTC became a trendy gimmicks religion like movement, anything you say is forbidden.  
"Spread FUD", "lost money"?
I made a list of concerns and with some personal speculations based in facts that are public knowledge, as many other investors do question.
BTC is used as a payment in a blue moon by a drunk investor with too many of it, it will never be used in the main stream as a form of payment for the masses, perhaps will be used by a small group of trendy folks like you.
@_date: 2019-10-18 10:05:29
Do you feel insecure? You can say anything about the questions raised?
"Why are you here?"
When the narrative escapes the norm of the BTC religion, legitimate questions are answer with ignorance.
P.S. I can see that you don't grasp the topic, it is above your head, the answer wasn't for you.
@_date: 2019-10-24 09:28:05
Sure... 10 years ago... put money into BTC today is like spending money in a slot machine, odds you will lose. BTC still only holding a massive devaluation because there is nothing else in the neighbourhood yet... never the less is slowly moving towards its intrinsic value of zero.
@_date: 2019-10-18 09:22:31
Sure... I never mention that no one accept BTC, less however than 2017 and 2018, check Zerohedge articles about it, if you care to read properly my initial comment, the question is how many of these companies that do accept BTC as gimmicks, are in fact selling anything in BTC? Let me tell you, way less than folks claim to! I would speculate that the list provided above of business that accept BTC, sells less than 0.1% of all their sales combined in BTC.
@_date: 2019-10-17 10:38:42
I am totally happy to learn the solutions and advantages you mention, but I can't see it working, perhaps some trendy folks in Germany are using it, great, hope they can show us how this thing is really supposed to work, so far not even the BTC conventions accept BTC to pay for its tickets.... in 2017 and 2018 more businesses drop BTC than add it as a form of payment. Most websites offering payments in BTC or other cryptos, do it for gimmicks, mostly NEVER got a penny paid in any crypto. The important unanswered questions are above I add this one:
* BTC is highly manipulated, it is tossed like a ping pong left and right, and people are supposed to invest as it is a store of value?
@_date: 2019-10-07 10:37:02
Gosh, I forgot... any negative opinions towards the BTC religion is a sin... anyway, I wish it wasn't true as we still have lots of different alts... the problem is when you realised how investors of all colors got played into this market of deception. The comment is also testament as well of our misfortunes and a warning to others... if you don't like move on... the hate only tells me that the religion aspect of BTC is strong and it is another point to take in consideration when looking at how resilient bitcoin has been, if we were talking about a company stock, definitely the resentment would be almost inexistent. So long freaks.
@_date: 2019-10-18 10:17:23
I also invest in Gold and Real State, my anchors, these are tangible assets. My problem with Bitcoin and this whole industry, now that I also have invested and learned a little about it during the last couple years, is the realisation that this whole industry seems nothing more than another dot.com bubble, plagued with scams! Which has benefited few in the costs of millions of small investors that got sucked in this fairy tale. All with nothing to show off for, which real World applications or legacy different than blockChain and a massive wealth transfer mechanism will Bitcoin leave?
What bothers me also, is the fact that this whole industry has left a huge financial black hole in millions of small investors that believed in its use, and which is completely ignored by the BTC followers.
It really looks like Bitcoin has become a religion and an addiction to many.
@_date: 2019-10-21 09:37:45
I have presented some valid arguments here, most of the answers were superficial and offensive, the half good answers were mostly inadequate on its majority. I am a holder of BTC but not for long, please prove that my assumptions and pointed facts are wrong!
@_date: 2019-10-18 10:29:29
[Forex industry...](
Just an example for education purposes, when we talk about an asset like group on investments that differ from any other but that are similar between themselves in nature, we 'may' call it industry as a form if classifying it.
" Bitcoin isn’t controlled by any nation " - Correct, it is controlled by few private individuals, in fact corptocracy is dominating the World, look at Facebook and Google. BTC is controlled by few, just another tool to extract wealth from unaware investors.
" Bitcoin has still maintained that decentralised aspect. " - Miners wars and forks shows it not to be the case I am afraid.
We even started talking about the environment impact of Bitcoin, and the misuse of energy to maintain masses amount of hardware running programs so others can trade BTC later on for profit... total nonsense, especially with more than half of the World doesn't even have electricity.
@_date: 2019-10-18 10:43:38
Offending a stranger just because he pointed an oppinion you didn't like? Great, I ain't go down that rabbit hole pal.
Here for your enlightenment:


BTC was forked several times if I remember well, in fact I recall some of the BTC miners wars back in 2017. Every time, Bitcoin fork itself into a new Bitcoin cash or a Bitcoin Gold, where the market cap goes higher, you in fact have created out of the thin air new token units, a variant of it, and by redistributing it to existing participants of the original source and selling it to new ones you are basically 'printing money'. It is a form of amplification and expansion through morphing itself into new additional entities. This is a high tech form of the old 'printing money', 'QE' operations. Usually happens when the BTC is stagnated.
# I wouldn't get surprise that soon we will see a new BTC fork, perhaps 'BTC Infinity' is just around the corner.
@_date: 2019-10-17 10:51:59
My problem it is not only with the fail promises of BTC but the whole industry in fact. It is a cesspool of scams, left and right, led by BTC initial success. I mean the whole industry is a total scam, so far I haven't see anything useful in the real World. Like I said, we have a digital technology that can be used in any application, so what is left? Lets put a value on javascript code, give it serial numbers and start selling it... a hell of a business.
@_date: 2019-10-21 09:29:16
Tremendous efforts to investigate me or what I supposedly invested or not, and very low quality on the counter arguments regarding my initial points.
I wouldn't care less what folks talk about outside of the topics I am discussing about, this witch hunt is consistent with an organised effort to discredit the opposition.
Never the less, full disclosure as said already! I do hold BTC and 20 other alts, including Dent, and no, I didn't lose money with Dent as much as I earned with it. The topic is not any other alt but the dream pipe of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-17 10:46:40
Store of value? Seriously? IT is a high volatile investment the complete opposite of any store of value... and it still very technical for most people to store anything... if they lose their passwords the store of value becomes a black hole.
The closest thing to store value imo despite its imperfections is Real State and Gold, BTC is playground of wannabe traders and real shark financiers.
@_date: 2019-10-22 09:02:36
Kumbaya BTC the new digital GOD! :-)
@_date: 2019-10-25 10:22:15
Only retards believe on that mantra... Bitcoin is owned by a minority to extract wealth from the majority of participants. It is a transferring wealth mechanism.
@_date: 2019-09-27 16:11:40
Mastodon crap!
@_date: 2019-09-30 16:31:52
I am no fake, and I hope my view is incorrect as I still am an investor on this market.
My view is not unique and is shared by many insiders, even so I am no insider but just another poor investor...
Let's wait and see how it will play out, but so far the market is behaving exactly the way was described, it is a captured market! All the money running to BTC now is coming from the alts, it is more like a recycling cash than new participants, it is all painted on the total market cap charts.
We will see if/when/if ever BTC will go over the 10k mark range, IMO it will be played out like a ping-pong or the classic infinity pump and dump.
The rest is history, 99% of all cryptos including BTC failed to prove real use and became a fad.