@_author: i336_
@_date: 2019-07-02 03:48:56
I just stumbled on this thread from elsewhere, but had to reply to this comment as one doesn't often get the opportunity to possibly learn more about how owning "a bunch of cash ATMs" actually works, so I definitely want to jump in here if I may.
Given the financial security aspects, it seems reasonable to assume that you might be somewhat removed from the technical aspects of how the machines work, and primarily deal with installation (and the related paperwork), maintenance, and telling whoever handles cash refills that the ATMs exist. Perhaps there's some technical involvement in the setup process. Or maybe maintenance is handled by a specific type of approved contractor? I'm very curious about the high-level aspects of what it is you actually do.
So, you say you own the ATMs, as opposed to leasing them. Interesting. I don't quite know one would find out how much an ATM actually _costs_, but it's definitely the kind of thing that would always be interesting to know. (I'm imagining all the mechanics/hydraulics in the note dispenser, the development cost/time of the control software, etc etc... maybe smaller ATMs are probably around high 4/low 5 figures?)
How does "here is an ATM, we want it refilled" actually work? I've very occasionally been at my local mall when an ATM (owned by a local bank) is being refilled, and it's always interesting to watch (without being too obvious :) ). So there's obviously some kind of arrangement between the banks and the companies that actually carry all the cash around, but of course this is exactly the kind of thing that is completely politically incorrect to express any level of interest in, even (you might say \*especially\*) just an "oh, so that's how that works" level of idle curiosity.
I'm guessing the spots the ATMs take up require some form of rent. (This line is 70% rhetorical statement, 30% actual question. :) ) I guess the nice thing is that you don't need a phone line anym...wait, you still might. Do your ATMs use cellular? (On a related note - do ATMs ever hang off of Wi-Fi in practice? I know they all use VPNs internally.)
This is going back to the high level side of things, but how does the administravia work in terms of hooking up to a bank? That'd be very interesting to learn about. (Also, I wonder how the fee structures work... heh, chances are the printable answer to this one is likely "depends on a bunch of fiddly variables" :) )
I'll leave the questions at that for now (I don't think I'll have (m)any more); whatever you choose to answer is greatly appreciated. Also have a great day (or night).
@_date: 2019-07-03 04:12:00
I still have a lot to learn about being concise :) thank you for answering, and for all the insight.
I didn't know ATMs could be so inexpensive, wow. I presume these are the smaller units I've seen. Ah and the rent is a portion of each transaction - very interesting, only units that are popular will stay put, cool. Regarding cash - wow (TIL), I wonder if any "interesting" (or not interesting) situations have happened :). TIL ATMs *can* run on Wi-Fi. (Ha I'll bet the landline-based ones use dialup and not DSL!) And, I see; so it's data services that broker for the banks. Cool.
Thanks very much again!