@_author: i3lackcard
@_date: 2016-11-08 00:17:41
Excuse me lol , I Am Trying a New social Experiment That has to do with the law of Attraction . One of the laws states that if you want something all you have to do is ask . So here i Find myself Contemplating if i should try it so here i go i am going to Just ask for Bitcoins once a day  for the next 30 days on any website that has a community of bitcoin users on it and see if it works i am sorry if it sounds annoying or stupid but i really want to test this theory  of just asking for what you want and in theory it will materialize so  i am expecting for the worst and nothing to come out of it but i want to see it through  and see if this actually works  Ill write a 777 word conclusion of my experiment after the 30 days . So here i go Can I please have some bitcoins ? :) Send them to this 17xp7zA8fqEEgSFd1dqVh6ozD6TycaHt5Q  
Thank you
@_date: 2016-11-08 16:55:36
Well I say neither are winners the american people deserve much more than this and why does there have to be a single president cant there be a joint collaboration ? well anyways the day goes by and to me its not a big deal anymore one love i am gonna keep doing what i need to do this is one of them  , I Am Trying a New social Experiment That has to do with the law of Attraction . One of the laws states that if you want something all you have to do is ask . So here i Find myself Contemplating if i should try it so here i go i am going to Just ask for Bitcoins once a day for the next 30 days on any website that has a community of bitcoin users on it and see if it works i am sorry if it sounds annoying or stupid but i really want to test this theory of just asking for what you want and in theory it will materialize so i am expecting for the worst and nothing to come out of it but i want to see it through and see if this actually works Ill write a 777 word conclusion of my experiment after 30 days(today is  Day 2) . So here i go Can I Please have some Bitcoins ? IF YES Send them to this Address 17xp7zA8fqEEgSFd1dqVh6ozD6TycaHt5Q 
Thank you remember One Love 
@_date: 2016-11-10 17:51:13
YES ITS LIKE like digital gold and you use it as digatal gold with all types of "money" Bitcoin Holds its place by the community resuring each other that they hold a certain" bitcoins " Which is much like a bank printing money that says it can back up with gold  so technaically bitcoin is like gold in a bank and people transfer this gold to different places and before the bank had to say yes we have this much gold but now its us the users that say yes this person has this much bitcoin in his account by confirmations of blockchains so for your question yes its like digatal gold and you can use it like any other payment method . that being said , I Am Trying a New social Experiment That has to do with the law of Attraction . One of the laws states that if you want something all you have to do is ask . So here i Find myself Contemplating if i should try it so here i go i am going to Just ask for Bitcoins once a day for the next 30 days on any website that has a community of bitcoin users on it and see if it works i am sorry if it sounds annoying or stupid but i really want to test this theory of just asking for what you want and in theory it will materialize so i am expecting for the worst and nothing to come out of it but i want to see it through and see if this actually works Ill write a 777 word conclusion of my experiment after 30 days(today is Day 3) . So here i go Can I Please have some Bitcoins ? IF YES Send them to this Address 17xp7zA8fqEEgSFd1dqVh6ozD6TycaHt5Q Thank you remember One Love Give more Receive more. 