@_author: i_am_soulhuntre
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:46:49
Of course. This is how collectivists think - as soon as you get something, anything for them to confiscate they will manufacture a "privilege" they feel you have and justify their theft.
Surely this can't be a shock to anyone?
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:12:57
According to many folks in victimization culture activism, yes. Not only that, but their achievements are to be disregarded.
And that is, essentially, the point. To enable them to discount anything achieved by others while simultaneously claiming their own poor performance is laudable because they are so disadvantaged.
The end result is that the only folks worthy of praise are the ones who can claim the most disadvantages - which leads directly to the persecution olympics you see so often in the "social justice" community.
@_date: 2013-12-03 21:20:30
No, you're not missing anything - in fact, this is where the bitcoin dream meets reality and fails.
For a long time bitcoin was touted as being anonymous (rightly or wrongly) and "just like cash" but at the first sign of real trouble the Bitcoin community has proven that...
1) Far from being anonymous, bitcoin makes you very, very vulnerable to having every financial transaction you make with it tracked and analyzed (this was obvious from the start anyway to anyone who understood the blockchain)
2) If the concept of tainting of blacklisting coins catches on - then bitcoin is really essentially "Bitcoin, just like money as long as you only do things the bitcoin community agrees with, if not, we will hunt you down and / or invalidate the value of your coins"
And frankly, it would be ridiculous to let yourself be held hostage to that.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:47:28
This is, of course, the end result of collectivist thinking... just like the comment below that you never "own" anything - you just get to hold it because the benevolent government lets you do so.
When trying to keep the results of your work for yourself becomes vilified (I'm looking at you, 99% / OWS) then it is only a small step to rationalizing seizing the property of anyone you decide does nto morally deserve it.