@_author: i_am_norwegian
@_date: 2014-05-26 03:50:41
This is a pretty good article on our situation: 
What would really help you interpret what those trends mean though, is if you read some of the theory of the Austrian business cycle. 
In an economic system where the expenses of the state goes up and up and up and efficiency goes down and down and down and where the social security would look like a ponzi scheme to anyone who didn't know that it was social security which is going to get in real trouble as the population get's older, and where our central banks is fucking with the interest rate in such a way that it sparks booms and busts, and in certain cases creates bubbles, like it did recently in the US, you should see that there are some serious problems with it. 
I don't understand your logic saying we are technically better off with our citizens not having good purchasing power. What if we halved that purchasing power through inflation higher taxes, or regulation and protectionist policies. Would that makes us twice as technically well of?  


That's kind of the point. That's not a good thing. That just means that our wealth is being stolen and used for other things. And I'm sure you know of some of the problems of bureoucraties and government spending in terms of rational resource allocation. If you don't, read up on the economic calculation problem.
Here's a pretty good lecture on problems with the welfare state: 
My more central problems with democracy and welfare states, and governments in general are more philosophical, moral issues though.
If you think the only issue is that we've elected the wrong people all the time, in a system that's basically "elect the most popular people and let them run your life", I think that's a pretty fucking central problem as far as the pragmatism of democracy is concerned, especially since you have just about zero effect on the system yourself.
I wrote something about the problems of democracy yesterday, I'll see if I can find it:
You have rational ignorance, which is a market failure, in the sense that it's a case where individual rationality doesn't equal group rationality. Rational ignorance refers to voters not being informed about politics, because the opportunity costs aren't worth it vs. the statistical effect their informed vote has on the outcome, which is roughly statistically insignificant, roughly zero. or put in another way - To keep informed requires tens of thousands of more time and effort than you have an effect on the result of your vote. 
Mostly everyone realizes that their individual being informed on political policy has about zero effect on the outcomes, so the rational thing to do is to be ignorant. In the same vein, you have rational irrationality, where it's costly to become rational, because staying irrational costs you nothing vs. becoming rational can be time consuming and emotionally painful. You see this with people in every political camp who treats it similarly to how overzealous football fans treat soccer. It's almost tribal.
The incentives politicians get are also really important. At least in a monarchy the family at the top has an incentive to keep the country in good shape. In a democracy they will of course try and give themselves the most benefit whether it's to the detriment of the country or not. Which results in the current situation of extreme regulation to the benefit of a few, to the banking system and the FED, to tariffs and other protectionist bullshit that is actively destroying and warping whatever remnants we have of a free economy. This is also a sort of market failure, where the politicians will say anything to get votes. If they try and speak the truth, they will be out-competed by the people who use clever fallacies and half truths that sound good to the voting public.
I already mentioned the special interest incentive failure, where one corporation can make millions upon millions by instituting a tariff, or raising the tariff, or a regulation that that they can afford, and smaller competition can't. We're seeing this in Norway now with farmers trying to lobby like petulant children because they cannot keep themselves competitive, so they want everyone else to suffer for their inability to change. Consumers on the other hand, only have a few NOK incentive to do anything about this. The other day I read an article about how cheese is 110% more expensive in Norway than it is on average in the EU, which is an example of this.
Democracy makes people feel as if they are responsible for what happens in the country, while not actually allowing them to have power to change it, so anger is directed toward each other as opposed to toward the rulers. This further adds to what I talked about above, which is the tribalistic nature of opposing parties and their ideologues. I'm sure you're familiar with this as well. "Everyone who votes for party X is X" Where X can be racist or whatever.
The worst thing, I think, is how little control each person has over their own lives. They just have to hope that the mass of people somewhat agree with them. It's the tyranny of the majority basically, but that's a more philosophical point rather than a pragmatic one, as the rest of the points I have outlined are.
Sorry for the long post by the way, but some of these points are really important to understand. For more on similar stuff, Philosopher Michael Huemer is amazing, or if you prefer economics, Bryan Caplan. Caplan also has some great stuff on immigration, calling it a "solution in search of a problem". I'm open to any questions about the economics or philosophy of this.
I didn't mention everything, there's also lots of important points like regulatory capture, rent seeking, there's lots of moral hazards, insanely huge bureaucracies, unsustainable economic models
@_date: 2014-05-25 15:53:48
Norwegian here. Are systems aren't doing that great. We're struggling more and more economically, especially as the decade long oil boom seems to be over and we seem to be heading for a bust. We're technically bankrupt, and our obligations are already over our budget. Now, we're not by any stretch of the imagination in as bad of a shape as the US, which has unfunded obligations outstripping the entire world GDP, but we're not sustainable. 
Plus, even with our wealth, in the boom, we still have on average, lower real disposable income than the Americans. 
I'm really fucking tired, but if you want, I could go into some of the problems with our healthcare system. To summarize that issue though: Queues. It's gotten so bad that over 400k Norwegians out of 5 million have private insurance in other countries. This is while paying for our horribly inefficient bureaucratic monetary sinkhole of a healthcare system. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 06:46:47
Yeah, he does have those views about bitcoin. I don't necessarily agree with them, but I think that might have more to do with his understanding of technology and what bitcoin really is. 


That's not what I'm saying at all! I don't have a masters in economics. I haven't done any econometrics. All I'm asking you, or anyone else with strong opinions about economics is to learn basic economics and economical principles in such a way that you'll actually be able to think somewhat like an economist. "Economics in One Lesson" is a great book to help you do this. Rational logic is indeed exactly what I think is the most important thing about learning economics and looking at trends, but you also need to have the principles of economics in your head, or you won't be able to construct arguments that are rational above the way plausible-sounding conjecture is rational or logical. 
Also, I didn't say your arguments were wrong because you don't have an extended knowledge of economics. If I'd said that, I would have invalidated my opinions also. If you read what I said, I'm pretty sure I outlined several arguments for what I said, and against what you said. It still remains true that you need to understand some economics to understand economical events or trends or economical logic. Your opinion could still be correct without understanding economics, but likely only coincidentally so. It's a bit like if I had strong opinions about global warming not being real, even without reading any of the theory behind global warming, any of the reports, or any natural science at all. Me otherwise being a perfectly rational and logical person won't really help me there, because I have no theory, no a priori principles to run facts through, beyond my own fallible intuition and an Alex Jones video or some shit. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 05:41:21
That's fine. I just urge you to do your own research when it comes to stuff like this. Peter Schiff predicted the 2008 recession with great accuracy, and people made fun of him up until it actually happened. Now, I'm not predicting anything specific, I'm just saying that we're currently on a downward trend, but my point is that there is a status quo bias. 
Mainstream media isn't exactly the best place to get information about economics either. People who are interested in economics on just about any side will tell you that. It's sort of like reading Dagbladet for the science articles, where the reporter doesn't understand what "correlation does not imply causation" means, which results in a "Learn which food can save you from heart problems", or "Spis blåbær for å unngå alzheimer!".
It's fine if you don't know a lot about economics or economic trends, but you really shouldn't speak as you do if you don't. There is something about economics that makes everyone have strong opinions, even if they've never read any theory, or watched any lectures, or anything. We don't even have economics in VGS either. 
“It is no crime to be ignorant of economics, which is, after all, a specialized discipline and one that most people consider to be a ‘dismal science.’ But it is totally irresponsible to have a loud and vociferous opinion on economic subjects while remaining in this state of ignorance.”
― Murray N. Rothbard
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:25:16
Not true: 
@_date: 2013-12-05 13:47:58


What do you think about software? About the internet? These are great examples of something that is close enough to the free market to be considered just about so. Quickly adapting, competitive prices, highly innovative, and pretty great all around.
@_date: 2013-11-23 16:52:18
That makes sense, but come on, it's bitcoin. Why would he think that it would stay low? 
@_date: 2013-12-05 13:27:46
Meh, I'm not too concerned with how you say things, I tend to try and focus on what people say.
@_date: 2013-12-05 13:23:13


And the state is the best judge of what is right and what is wrong? 


Quite the opposite actually. If you get a reputation for uncleanliness, you'll be out of business. If you customers get sick, you'll be out of business. Not to mention, there could be clauses (I'm just assuming that's the way you use that word, I have no idea) in your insurance for random inspections. Newspapers would have columns on health and food inspections to sell more newspapers. There's loads of different options. A free society isn't *the* solution, it's an environment for solutions.
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:46:04


Yes, because without government there can be no laws right?
@_date: 2013-11-23 05:16:55
I don't know a lot about this stuff. Why would you do anything but hold? When OP panicked and sold to "minimize his losses", did he do so on the assumption that it would stay low? 
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:47:56
It depends. What makes you better than similar services? If the only difference is that you take bitcoin as payment, then you're not automatically going to do good. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 12:00:15
So your argument is basically to change the system within? That's what we're doing by spreading ideas of voluntary exchange and universal moral and ethical principles. To try and become a politician and change the system from within that way is equal to becoming a mobster to make the mafia stop extorting people.  


Is the only reason you're not walking around punching people and extorting people and raping and murdering a social contract? Or is it because you're at least a somewhat decent person? Would you become a sociopath if the government disappeared? Would you steal and coerce people if there was no one to stop you? 
@_date: 2013-12-05 04:51:46


Then don't mask it into a social contract argument. Just say that you wan't people who are freeloaders to be punished. 


What if someone other than the government does something cheaper and better? Am I then allowed to opt out of government monopolies? 
Your post here comes off as an argument in favor of a free society, because it would do what everything faster and better. And if I pay for something that allows someone to get something else for free or cheaper, I.E freeloading, who cares? I wanted something more than I wanted x of money, so I got it, and someone else got something for free. That's great.