@_author: i_am_ferrous_man
@_date: 2018-09-05 19:03:29
My pleasure! Sorry if it came across in a pointedly negative way. 
I just get frustrated that 1) so many people interested in crypto get lost in the hype and 2) it is easy for those trying to make the subject approachable to fall into the trap of making the future impacts of this technology seem certain or a part of a ideological narrative. Technology always has an impact on society. It is really hard to predict that outcome with any certainty.
My feedback may be more tainted by the amount of hype around the subject than your specific contribution.
If you want more detailed feedback on specific points in your video and crypto in general that I think could use attention, please let me know.
And most importantly, take my response with a grain of salt. The  effort you put into the video shows and I really like your content and approach. Most importantly, I hope you continue to share your refined knowledge and skills with the world. I've learned a lot and been inspired to reconsider my understanding of points made in this video. 
Good luck!
@_date: 2018-09-05 07:19:51
Huh. I'm actually already subscribed to you. I remember coming across one of your videos, really liking it, and subbing like half way through. Though which video escapes me at the moment (probably one of the Bayesian vids).
Upon looking at your list of videos, I plan to binge some more because of the technical content.
I wanted to provide some quick feedback on this video, though I don't you're interested in changing it at this point.
First off the parts I found most interesting didn't start until 13:20 into the video. In the first 13:20 you make some cool and unique points (Humans, value uniqueness, Currency shifted from preciousness to trustworthiness, there are inaccessible portions of the economy, etc.) But I felt most of these gems were overshadowed by the weird tone (which felt deliberate given some ominous elements of the soundtrack) and shallow insinuations about existing centralized systems, governments, or encumbant players. It's not that these points are invalid to make, it just feels like you went for emotional appeal over making an objective argument for a superior design.
I know this tone you took is popular among documentary styles and probably plays well to the demographic of people in the Bitcoin subreddits, but I personally enjoy and respect YouTube technology personalities who I feel are giving a more detached description of their content or at least telegraph their subjective perspectives.