@_author: i_am_charlie_shrem
@_date: 2014-08-21 22:20:35


Not really, because as you say, we have artifacts of gold jewellery. Plus it's plainly obvious that gold has a visual allure, and it doesn't matter what period of time you lived in - all humans have pretty much the same psychology, at least in this regard. Just as every human appreciates the glow of the sunset, so too do they appreciate the appearance of gold. The fact that the name 'gold' or 'aurum' - both separate in origin I remind you - come from terms of visual meaning is also suggestive.
What makes a sunset attractive? What gives gold its allure? I'm not sure, but I'm sure that there is a scientific reason behind it, and that is objective, not subjective - or at least only subjective in the sense that we experience it as subjects, and not that we all make up different and conflicting conscious thoughts about it.


I suspect you are mistaken in saying that, because you cannot actually 'see' a Bitcoin. 
If you see a 'physical' Bitcoin, you are looking at gold or silver or some other base metal, and not a Bitcoin itself.
If you are looking at ASCII representations of a Bitcoin, then I don't very few people would share your tastes in enjoying looking at that.
For this reason I believe you will not find someone showing off a collection of cryptocurrencies, but you will find a numismatist with a collection of gold coins or even nuggets. 
@_date: 2014-08-21 22:08:38
Yes, I'm a fool and my claim is wrong because you said so, right?
@_date: 2014-08-21 22:22:02


Because you said so.
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:17:13
Protip: Don't misspell a word and accuse someone of being a fool in the same sentence
@_date: 2014-08-21 20:36:20


@_date: 2014-08-21 20:44:54


At any stage, one could point out that in the long-term, Bitcoin is doomed for the reason I mention in point number '1'. In fact, that very reason was also raised here back in 2011 and [was upvoted to the front page](
Of course no one could say just how much success it could enjoy as a pyramid scheme in the meantime. Obviously it has exceeded initial expectations. But we now know the reason for that is because of the internal manipulation by MtGox. We can now say with almost absolute confidence that there will not be another bubble, because the manipulation that caused at least the last two of the three major bubbles is now gone.
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:49:13


Well if you read on in my response to you, you'll see I say 'I think can even go further..' and conclude that everyone should sell.
To say 'Sell, because the price was manipulated' would be an oversimplification of my post. Obviously mere manipulation would not in itself be a reason to sell for those not looking to get rich quick, and that is why there is another reason in my post which I also go on to describe to you in my post which I refer to as 'point '1'' in my original post - that is, that you should sell not only because of the manipulation, but also because the fundamentals are bad.


This is point '1' from my original post:


@_date: 2014-08-21 21:01:52
The point I make is a 'fairer price' as you say will mean a more flat price - or perhaps the decline in the value of Bitcoin and it's eventual death due to lack of confidence.
I claim it to be a flat or declining price, because as I assert in my post, the previous bubbles experienced were not the result of genuine public interest but fabrications by MtGox - a bad player that no longer exists, and therefore can no longer fabricate such tremendous bubbles.
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:16:34
I could answer that question, but I won't on account of relevance.
You'll take note I hope that two wrongs do not make a right, at least in this case.
I will explain briefly however why I believe Bitcoin to be a pyramid scheme, and you assess my veracity on that.
Bitcoin is a zero-sum game. It has no intrinsic value in-and-of-itself other than as a means to transact. 
You might argue that that in itself has monetary value, but I tell you that I would not gift large sums of money away for the privilege - I would not for instance risk or forfeit a few hundred, or a few thousand dollars, merely for the ability to instantaneously send a transaction. I would hesitate to pay as little an amount as $15 for the privilage of 1-3 day international bank transfer for instance. 
No; the real value, if we are talking honestly, is in what you can make out of it from others - whatever money you get out of it, must have come from somewhere else, by which I mean *someone* else.
Now in this zero-sum game we have two kinds of people: Newcomers, and 'early adopters'. The 'early adopters' amassed large amounts of Bitcoin at very little expense to them, or for very little effort, just a few years ago.
The newcomers on the other hand have shelled out large amounts of money for tiny amounts of Bitcoin, relative to the balances of the early adopters.
Should the early adopters choose to cash out, the newcomers will see their own small balances become worth virtually nothing.
This is exactly how a pyramid scheme works, where the 'early adopters' are at the top of the pyramid, and the newcomers at the bottom.
The problem with all pyramid schemes, including Bitcoin, is that eventually you run out of potential buyers. You could get the whole world to invest in Bitcoin as a get-rich-quick scheme, and there'd still be a collapse looking for that 7-billionth-and-one buyer.
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:42:13
By 'intrinsic value' I mean it has value in-and-of-itself that is independent of market value.
For instance, gold has industrial applications, and to me that would qualify as intrinsic value. Even the aesthetic qualities of gold I would consider intrinsic value.
The intrinsic value of a fiat dollar bill would be it's aesthetic value (i.e. to numismatists), or of course the old cliche of its fuel or wallpaper resource value.
The intrinsic value of a Bitcoin is its use as a means of exchange. You might also say the 'technology' it uses is also of value. However apart from that, Bitcoin has no other form of intrinsic value.
And how much is that intrinsic value worth? Hell, you don't even have to agree on what an 'intrinsic' value is; merely describe its monetary value; that is, it's worth - how much is the ability to transact in Bitcoins around the world with a delay of at least ~10 minutes, and with a certain fee to ensure delivery, worth to you? As I suggested, I wouldn't pay much for that - just as I won't pay $15 for an international bank transfer typically.
Bitcoin offers little to no benefits over something like Paypal (and in some ways, disadvantageous), so why would I pay for Bitcoin when I pay nothing for Paypal? Remember, the fee is seperate, just as the fee in transacting Bitcoin is different from buying the Bitcoin itself. Buying Bitcoin would be more equivalent to paying Paypal money up front, just in order to use Paypal as a means of global transaction with a 0-5% fee.
@_date: 2014-08-21 22:02:36


As far as I am aware, gold has always had aesthetic value, and this may have even pre-dated it's use as a medium of exchange. In fact, it's aesthetic value is partly why it has been used as a medium of exchange - because it is attractive to the eye and easily recognizable visually. The very word 'gold' derives from it's visual appearance, both the germanic origin and the separate latin origin ('aurum').
Gold became money not just for aesthetic properties however - it is a stable element, is dense and therefore convenient to carry, amongst other things.
Iron used to be much more rarer than gold, and yet it was not used as customary money (only sometimes in mass barter transactions or payments; i.e. for siege ransoms). Before the advent of iron production from the ground, only fallen meteorites were the source of iron. It was also highly prized having been seen to have come from the gods - see the the reference to the miracle of the descent of iron in even the much more recent Qur'an for instance. As far as I'm aware, iron was never used as money - or at least it must have been very rarely attempted, for I am aware of no such case.
@_date: 2014-08-21 22:39:25




By medium of exchange I refer to an exchange of value, which doesn't necessarily include fiat (obviously I consider including that for Bitcoin inadvisable).
A real-life example of this is [LETS]( 'credits', which are earned through work, and are typically not exchangeable for dollars or indeed any physical item, but for work alone.
For instance, 1 hour of work of any kind = 1 LETS credit.


I think it says a lot about its future, and what I think it means is that at best, it can only become fiat 2.0.
Because of its convertibility to fiat, there will always be exchanges. The exchanges will always operate as the centralized bottlenecks of the system, and that's where all the disadvantages come in.
The idea of everyone using Bitcoin, or there being 'decentralized exchanges', is to me a pipe dream. In the case of the former, it'll never reach that point because it offers no advantages over fiat, and in the latter, I see that as simply implausible due to the nature of fiat.
If Bitcoin is going to be fiat 2.0, why use it? Arguably, it's going to end up being worse than fiat - just to take one thing, the problem of blockchain bloat:
Either the blockchain is going to blow up in size, and the numbers of nodes will decrease to the point where the network is dependent on just a handful of nodes, making the network effectively 'centralized' and also at risk of coming to a standstill (what if there are no nodes left to broadcast blocks?) - OR you increase transaction fees to dissuade this. Two big problems with that of course, which is that it's going to make transactions costly, and few people will be able to actually make transactions using Bitcoin therefore. I could go into the technical details here, but disk size is not of the greatest concern - it would be the network bandwidth, especially across international sea cables in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:27:20


That would be an unfortunate mischaracterization of what I say, because a better way to put it would be 'Sell if you are looking to get rich quick, because the previous bubbles were due to manipulation by an entity no longer in existence'.
I think I can even go further and say to sell no matter what you desire out of Bitcoin, because I think the fundamentals of Bitcoin are ominous of its eventual demise (see my '1' point in my original post) and the only other attraction (getting rich quick) is now gone.
Without encouraging fundamentals nor a get-rich-quick element, what's left but for the price to fall, and for Bitcoin as a whole to fall with it?
Obviously the fundamentals of Bitcoin is something which deserves a whole topic of it's own, and so I've only dedicated a sentence to it in my post. I merely posit it as a given in making my point, as it is the point I want to focus on, especially given that the post was already quite long enough.