@_author: i_eat_stoves
@_date: 2013-11-23 10:31:48
Funny. I also play RS, and I also heavily merchant.  I've a few stories to make you feel better about your loss. :)
Traditionally, I've mainly done daytrading with stuff like Nex and SS and some random lower tier equips.  It was fairly low risk trading in between margins, and I was usually out of a position in &lt;8 hours.  I rarely held onto stuff overnight due to risk.  All in all, was really profitable and it was glorious.
1.  Slowly moved cash into long term investments.  One of them was 30 thousand torstols at about 35-36k per.  Thought it'd go up to ~40k, but it didn't.  Was stubborn and a fool for not getting out earlier.  Eventually the price dropped below 30k, and I took a loss of 150M+.  It sucked, and it does really get to you at night when you're sleeping, despite the money being "imaginary".  Eventually got over it, and learned a lesson: set up stops and be disciplined.
2.  Held onto some Nex/SS equips overnight.  Jagex announces EoC beta while I'm sleeping (i.e. act of God).  Instantly lost 300-400M overnight in the ensuing panic.  Couldn't be helped, but it still sucks ass losing that much gp.
3.  Partyhats.  Sometimes they crash and shoot up for seemingly no reason.  Sometimes I made decent amounts, sometimes lost decent amounts; playing in a volatile market like this is effectively gambling.  If you recall the gp duplication glitch with the release of the crucible, you may remember that all partyhats shot upwards 20%+.  Bought a white partyhat at ~2B (was really inflated already at that time), saw it shoot up to 2.147B in 20 mins, then drop back to 2B in the next 20.  Got out of there as fast as I could.  A friend wasn't so lucky; he bought in at ~2.14B, and lost 100M+ in the next 20 mins.  
4.  Around this June I had 10 sets of virtus wands and books.  Wasn't really active (still not), and they were going up.  So I sat back, collected, was pretty much...not there.  Then Jagex released Vorago.  Commence panic, and me being down ~300M within 12 hours.  So that also sucked hard.
A friend once told me that getting in at the lowest point and getting out at the highest is like trying to score a home run.  It does not happen often to many professionals, let alone some random guy who just started playing a week ago.  You take what you can get, and be happy that you didn't lose everything and the shirt off your back.
All in all, was an excellent learning experience with regards to discipline, understanding fundamentals, stops both above and below your entrance point, trends, keeping your emotions in check, and chart reading.  And it has definitely motivated me to learn stock trading in the future.
7/10 would recommend, if you can stay disciplined, and handle the tears and the "why is this happening to me" and the "ohmygodmymoneysallgoneeee T_T"
