@_author: i_give_thanks_to_usa
@_date: 2015-03-04 07:13:48
Guess what Scott, without all that military spending, the government which protects your liberties wouldn't exist. Or would you rather live under Putin's rule?
The naivety of an isolationist/reactionary: They say 'AMERICA DOESNT PROTECT MUH LIBERTIES ANYMORE!!'; 'WE NEED TO GO BACK TO 1776'; 'SMALLER GOVERNMENT, SMALLER INFLUENCE, SMALLER BALLS, SMALLER MINDS - WE WILL PROTECT OURSELVES BY CURLING UP INTO THE FETAL POSITION'.
What they don't realize is that there will always be some state in the world that is the most powerful. They don't ask the question of themselves, 'Would I prefer to live in a world under the foot of America, even given all its flaws, or would I prefer it to be the boot of Russia or China or the religious nutjobs?'.
There are in fact places were people prefer to return to the old ways (religious or nationalistic, or both) in order to do away with 'American imperialism'. Just take a look at some of the nations in Africa and the Middle East for example. Hopefully I need not explain any more of the details.
They are also typically ignorant of history; America was always an expansionist state of course, from the very beginning. Even the founding fathers were expansionists; they wanted to export the ideals of liberty, just as it had been exported to America from France.
And it's not just you and those who live under your government who are protected by substantial military spending. I live in Australia, and if it wasn't for US assurances, we probably wouldn't exist by now. Even now, as we head into the 'Asian Era', US military backing is crucial to us. Do you know how many countries would be ransacked and annexed if it were not for US military force acting as a deterrent? How about South Korea and North Korea? Japan and China? Iran and Israel? The list goes on. We are incredibly lucky to have a a country such as the US in charge of things; can you imagine Russia or China taking on that role?
Also, fluoride-free tap water.. lol. Ignorance goes hand in hand I guess. You against vaccinations too Scotty? I live in the state of NSW in Australia, where water has been fluoridated well before I was born. I drink fluoridated tap water every day, and brush with fluoride toothpaste too. I am yet to see any abnormal health problems or mental disabilities due to fluoride consumption appear in myself or in the ABS data. One state of Australia, Queensland, did not have fluoridation until 2012. There is a massive difference in the rate of tooth cavities between NSW and Queensland, and that is worth noting.
And if it's the idea of people doing stuff to your water without asking you that offends you, then consider that water is treated to kill dangerous micro-organisms and reduce toxic elements to safe levels. Presumably you don't have anything against that do you, even though it's done whether you agree with it or not?