@_author: i_have_the_power_
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:39:57
If you don't know about or don't recall the video I'm talking about, search on Youtube for 'Protest at Mt Gox, Tokyo, 14th February 2014 '. It's both hilarious and cringe-worthy at the same time.
Basically the guy spends money and time on a flight to Japan just to get the big A from Mark Karpeles who fleeced him, and humiliate himself in the process. He then camps outside the building for a while in the snowing winter until the local police tell him to GTFO. Oh and then he uploads it to youtube. Fucking beta beyond belief.
@_date: 2014-07-24 10:02:08
What did he achieve? Nothing. And he lost a good deal of money and time in the process, considering he had to pay for a flight to Japan.
Dancing around saying 'I'm not touching you! I'm not touching you!' is not 'standing up'; it's being passive and meek.
Either thump the cunt, or stay home and concentrate on winning back something (whether it's your dignity or your money) through the legal avenue. Don't do something half-hearted and ill-thought out like this. But I guess thinking things through isn't one of a Bitcoiner's strong points is it?
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:29:27
I sent them a few emails from different addresses with words of support and encouraging them to go even further, in order to protect consumers and bring these Bit-thugs to justice.
@_date: 2014-07-24 09:52:08
A man with a shred of intellect or dignity would have either:
a) Given Karpeles a knockout blow face-to-face; not dance around like a meek little man saying 'I'm not touching you! I'm not touching you!'
b) Not have gone on a trip to MtGox HQ to 'confront' Karpeles in the first place, but instead concentrate on getting back by launching a legal fight.
Seriously, what did this guy think would be the outcome of his confrontation with Karpeles? It's obvious he didn't come with the intention of violence. So what did he expect to happen? Even if Karpeles took the time out to give him a heart-to-heart conversation, it's not as though the guy or any other MtGox creditors are going to get their money back.