@_author: i_have_a_rapist_wit
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:22:02
It’s it hits 100/ coin I will but 100k worth. I’ll prolly buy 100k worth at 1000. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:24:51
Well yea, I will concede that if the United States fails then so will the USD. That’s actually however something that actually gives the dollar strength. The “faith” ppl have in the USA. The USD is explicitly tied to the US, it’s economy, and its government. Now what the hell makes you think that it’s going to fail in the near term is beyond reason. In case you haven’t noticed regardless of that monkey we have as our PR face, we have the strongest economy on earth and our GDP is 30% larger then chinas. Fuck California alone has a larger gdp then Russia. By a lot. All of Europe combined still comes in significantly under the USA. There are a lot of problems with the USA but economic health isn’t one of them. I agree all things come to an end eventually. But there is nothing to suggest we are even on that side of the pendulum. If anything the opposite. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:09:37
There is no “value”. We aren’t looking a stock that pays dividends or a company that turns a profit. The current market value is the value. What people are willing to pay you for it in this moment. That’s the value. You can say it will rise or it will fall. But you have zero data to support either opinion. 
If people are willing to trade bitcoin for 1 mil / coin then that’s what the value will be. Your feelings on what the “value should be” are meaningless. If you believe the price will drop to 1k, then sell everything and rebuy at 1k. But the current value is 8500/coin. You may have a prediction that the price will go down but don’t try and fool youself that that’s happening bc of some inherent value. The value is determined by current demand and supply. That’s it. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 21:54:53
Faith isn’t that you “believe in the idea”  of it it or like or support it. Faith means agreeing that your 20 dollars will be accepted as payment for groceries at Safeway next year. And do you think that 20 dollars will get you roughly what you can get today or will it be 10x less. 
Nobody believes that the USD is going to loose value beyond the normal rise of inflation. And to say different simply illustrates you don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about. 
People are paid in USD. Their mortgages are tied to it.  Securities are tied to it. Foreign government are tied to it as they hold enormous quantities of bonds that would become worthless. To say people are losing faith in the USD just means you have no comprehension of how really anything to do with currency or the economy works. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:54:08
When somone says I’m only X I immedietly thinks it’s probably shit. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 07:06:08
Well that’s wrong bud. “Natural”  vs not is irrelevant. It’s just simple supply and demand. And given limited supply, demand dictates prices. Nothing has a “true” value. Value is an ever moving point currently set at any one moment by what the last guy was willing to sell it at and what the next guy is willing to buy it at. When people say something is undervalued it simply means that for whatever reason (with merit or without), they think price will rise in the future. That’s it. And bitcoin is absolutly limited and functions the exact same way. We know exactly how many there will every be. It’s a mathematical fact. We actually have a better knowledge of how many bitcoin there are then how much gold there is on earth. And I didn’t forget treasury bond I actually explained that in my original post. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 21:16:40
Ok so yes and no. Regulation A applies to companies regulated by the SEC issuing limited PUBLIC OFFERINGS of securities under 5 million. And your 10% limit only applies to tier 2. These are companies doing Regulation A financing rounds. 
Nothing stops the BOD from selling you, privately, half the company for whatever price you agree on. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 20:42:49
You could have incorporated a new company or LLC. And then used the new company to buy shares of the other company. 
Also this sounds fishy how does anyone buy anyone else’s business or a portion of it. Let’s say you own hair salon inc. and I want to buy it or buy half of it? By your example I wouldn’t be able to do that but I absolutly can. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 00:59:19
Gold and silver have no intrinsic value. Just bc they are difficult to acquire doesn’t mean they are valuable. That just makes them limited. Limited does not mean valuable. They are valuable bc we say they are. Because 2 people are willing to make a trade at the mutually agreed upon current market price. Their utility in electronics and jewelry are minuscule compared to their current assessed trading value. And gold is no less subject to inflation then cash. 
BTC similarly is an object of finite quantity. The difference is gold has been around for thousands of years as a currency and that is why we have faith in it that tomorrow it will still have value. BTC is too new to tell. In 50 years we will know. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 20:29:04
That’s actually not true. He could raise money directly and do all those things and he just isn’t allowed to use a broker or underwriter like Credit Suisse. He has to find the money directly.  
@_date: 2018-02-13 20:55:45
The deficit doesn’t matter. It’s not a debt that Americans ever have to “pay back”. This is such a retard simpleton understanding of US debt. US debt is not like your debt on your car loan. US debt is largely held in the form of US treasury bonds. 
When we exchange goods with China back and forth they export more then they import. So they end up with a lot of US Dollars. Instead of sitting on US dollars they swap them for US treasury bonds. Why sit on cash when you can make interest on the money you gona be sitting on anyways. So when China holds 1 billion dollars of US debt all that means is they paid us 1 billion in cash for 1 billion in treasury securities we pay them interest on. 
Just like in your 401k, where you have a portion allocated to bonds once you start getting older bc they are so risk averse and guarantee a return. 
The US dollar is valuable bc people have faith in it. And it’s the same with gold. And the same with BTC. When people loose faith in its value it becomes worthless. USD and gold and diamonds and silver have been around for a very long time and people have maintained their faith. So people are comfortable saying that tommorow when you wake up, your 20$ will still be able to buy some milk and eggs and bread and cheese. The questions is will that be true for BTC tomorrow. How about a year from now? I know in a year my USD will still be accepted as payment for the gold bars I’m going to buy. And anyone who thinks different has poor judgment. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 01:03:55
Is wrong. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 01:07:58
They can’t dump US bonds if they want to continue to trade with the US. As long as you want to export goods to the US you will need to accept US dollars as payment. And then you have to do something with those US dollars so you exchange those dollars for bonds. That’s literally what they mean when they say China hold US debt. China can not dump US bonds unless they want to stop selling to the US. So not gonna happen. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 04:34:36
Gold’s value from its utility is nothing. Gold trades at 1300/ ounce. Aluminum for example, similarly has utility and is limited, trades for 1$/lbs. If you valued gold based on its useful qualities it would be a few dollars / lbs. It’s exactly like BTC. 
And It’s not about the blockchain that’s completely irrelevant.  It’s about FAITH in the currency. I don’t have faith that if you pay me my salary right now it BTC it will be worth anything in 5 years. So even if you pay me in it I have to convert it into a more stable asset. But I have faith in gold and USD. It takes time for faith to manifest. In 50 years if BTC continues increasing in value you would absolutly have no problem accepting 100% of your salary in BTC. Bc there would be a 50 year history of it being a stable currency growing with inflation that withstood the test of time. Right now you don’t know. The only people in now are speculators. It can not even start to take significant marketshare from regular currency for decades untill people have confidence in its long term stability. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 07:34:19
Two of those are not like the other. 