@_author: i_love_applepie
@_date: 2018-01-22 11:26:55
A graph comparison I made to demonstrate that in the last couple of years a trend has emerged that a few weeks prior to Chinese New Year Bitcoin has a price dip. Presumable because it is tradition for Chinese workers to visit their family during this time of year and using their savings (which might be in BTC) to buy expensive train tickets and gifts. 
If BTC-USD continues to follow this trend we will see a good recovery soon and Bitcoin is expected to become bullish again.
Of course there are other factors at play too (such as the BTC futures), but based on the timing and trend we are witnessing for a few years now developments around holidays are definitely something worth eying. 
I hope this can bring some perspective to the current situation, when we zoom out a bit things start to look a lot better
I am aware that a somewhat similar price graph comparison is out there, but it was in desperate need of more pixels, so I made my own version.
If you would like to stay up to date on my Trade Analysis, Signals and other Crypto news you can follow me on Twitter: 
@_date: 2017-11-10 12:45:07
A bit out of the loop here, why is BTC dumping?
@_date: 2018-03-09 08:29:19
All that anger phase eating will do you no good Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-03 13:07:44
Bitcoin - Euro chart analysis 3rd of February 2018
As we all know Bitcoin has been bearish since its December peak. January and the beginning of February have been bearish for four years in a row now, which (coincidence or not) also seemed to see its low point two weeks before Chinese New Year (which is celebrated in two weeks for now). 
Of course anxiety surrounding the BTC futures , doubts about Tether and rumors on restricting legislation also contributed to the dip. 
If we zoom out we could say it is descending as a bull flag and a bullish reversal might be on the horizon. However to not start descending again it needs to break up above the dotted orange trend extrapolation soon. If it fails to break through that line it will probably test the blue flag bottom line again which might be see it go all the way down to 5000 euro . 
I generally find it really hard to give a buy or short advice on Bitcoin and I won't give you one now. We might have seen the low point and start reversal now, or we could go down once more, so either up or down basically (duh). The reason why I am sharing this TA is so you have trend, support and resistance lines available you can monitor and which might help you with your trading strategy. 
You can view the live chart at 
Follow me on Twitter for frequent cryptocurrency news and TA updates: 
@_date: 2018-02-03 14:10:05
For those trading or monitoring the BTC-EUR pair, here is a chart analysis I made for Bitcoin vs Euro trading so you can identify the trend, support and resistance lines: 
@_date: 2018-02-19 17:29:26
What do you think of my BTC TA 
Will it break through 13k or is it going to be a bloody battle first?
