@_author: iamasolipsist
@_date: 2015-12-15 08:14:48
In droves, it's way more common than you think.  On the internet they tend to be many groups that look towards evolutionary psychology to justify a worldview they already have rather than in any detached scientific manner.  In the real world there's way more though oftentimes it's justified using religion or other metascientific colloquialisms.
Two sides of the same coin, so if you think of the amount of religious people who believe God made women to like fashion and that's just their natural makeup it'll be about the same percentage online versus more rational people, just different justification to avoid the cognitive dissonance that comes with not as firmly categorizing everything in your worldview.
@_date: 2015-12-15 11:32:18
That's a couple minutes of typing, less of reading.  I mean, please, by all means don't read it...but don't act like three paragraphs is a novel.  Or, if it is to you, maybe you should work on your reading and writing skills more.
@_date: 2015-12-15 08:04:26
You do realize human genetics do change significantly from parent to offspring and among cultures rapidly, right?  How do you think genes are passed on? It ain't cloning.
Also, I'm assuming you're well read enough to know that only certain aspects of personality are predisposed by genetics and few are determined.  Much of what you view as genetic normative behavior is more cultural norms so ingrained in our culture we take them as innate.
Men and women are naturally different in certain physicochemical ways but that's only a small facet of the person those genes grow up into.  I mean, even nutrition plays a very large role in physical appearances and mental aptitude and formative experiences are one of the largest predictors of things that otherwise we think as mainly genetic like mental illnesses.  An example being schizotypal disorders which do show a genetic predisposition but generally do not arise without traumatic childhood experiences and those experiences give rise to a higher probability of developing it than even two parents procreating with it.
Tl;dr: You may not understand genetics as well as you think if "enjoyment of fashion" is genetically predetermined in your world.
@_date: 2015-12-15 22:37:53
It's sad when someone perverts science to foment an, essentially, religious belief.  I really don't know how someone could not be intentionally misunderstanding genetics to justify views like the race/gender realism.  I'd like to believe the education system just failed them but I was homeschooled by crazy Christians and my Bob Jones books that denied evolution still had enough about genetics that these ideas would be preposterous.  I mean, they also claimed women and men were innately different and flirted at such with races (in their history books they said black people were descendants of Shem) but those were all God's will and not science.
@_date: 2015-12-15 08:28:19
I'd imagine the welcoming salvo of btc gone wild or whatever they called the various porn related outreaches may have created an atmosphere most women didn't feel comfortable participating in.  I know, personally, many women who've heard about or used it but my impression from talking more in depth with some of them is that they use it but avoid the forums if possible.
Though I'm sure there's some disparity just from the cultural discouragement towards computers and tech that many women historically have faced.  Older women are more likely never to start using computers due to the cultural stigmas from their upbringing and in a lot of the smaller areas of America this discouragement is still in full effect...I mean, in a lot of states it's still taboo for a guy to not be into sports so imagine how long it'll take for female geeks in those areas to have enough acceptance and help for more than just the very determined to get into it.
It would be interesting if there was a way to do a study on actual use that didn't rely on forum use.  Usually for these metrics they would just post a poll on a popular forum or links to a poll on a popular forum but that would suffer from the same sample bias.
@_date: 2015-12-15 13:12:32
Well, you just said, "Human genetics do not change over time" and "But they haven't changed significantly in last few hundred years...probably thousands. And not going to change anytime soon either."
These are you words.  Genetic among races, genders or really any category are way more diverse than you'd think.  The difference in genes between two unrelated women that grew up in the same neighborhood will be much more significant then the differences between a brother and sister.
@_date: 2016-02-14 18:37:45
I'm not saying banks are good, but aren't miners creating money out of thin air as well and being bailed out by fees rather than just earning their money via mining?
This is not to mention that most people don't worry about the security of the dollar.  BTC fluctuates in value so much it's not terribly reliable (though I hope it stabilizes eventually) but it's real benefit to most people is the low or non-existent fees and potential ease of transfer.  It's a real boon to international trade as there's no conversion fees, bank fees, or really anything else and within a nation can be used to easily transfer money while avoiding the 1-3% fees Visa/Mastercard charge.  Keeping fees and allowing transaction times to take longer will get rid of these major benefits.  At some point just waiting on a bank transfer will be easier.
While regulation can lead to centralization it's obviously happened with little regulation now in BTC as well and I wouldn't really think increasing blocksize is similar to regulation anymore so than keeping the blocksize the same is (probably less so, keeping it small is an inhibiting factor that forces more fees when they otherwise wouldn't be needed.)
Rewards have gone down for a long time, that will happen regardless...but four years is a long time in technology.  We went from CPU mining, to GPU mining to ASIC mining and while it's gotten to be a more expensive initial investment it's not like the increase in difficult has dissuaded miners to an extent that fees would mitigate.
@_date: 2016-02-14 21:55:37
You realize fees are literally subsidies for miners, right?  They are the exact same thing as placing a sales tax and using a portion of that to fund banking infrastructure.
@_date: 2016-02-14 17:12:58
Okay, but we've had the fee issue increase as mining has centralized, right?  Why would we think that continuing this would magically make things better?  Whether or not higher fees are related to centralization they definitely haven't been associated with a lessening of it.  Not to mention the idea that higher profit margins equalling more competition is kind of silly.  Look at traditional banking, it has higher profit margins and has been centralizing more and more the more money is involved.  Not to mention that the cost of equipment needed to get any significant money from mining is now untenable for anyone not already well financed.
The secure, non-forgeable, cheap currency I was referring to was BTC...I'm not sure how long you've been using it but it's been all those things until recently without problem (including having a decentralized mining pool.)
While I realize that mining power influences security, what I'm saying is that fees will not cause it to increase significantly because the fees are distributed equally regardless of total mining power.  The more diversity the less profit from fees.  There was a time when miners made their money off of actually mining BTC, not relying on others to fund their endeavor (I did so.)  I think the security is naturally well past what it needs to be so incentivizing mining more is unnecessary.  There are diminishing returns on security in this instance due to disincentivization regarding the difficulty in use and centralization that would occur.
@_date: 2016-02-14 16:42:36
Okay, but BTC isn't easily forged and relying on the centralization of miners that's occurring to provide more of it (and incentivizing that centralization via fees) is a bit foolhardy.
Currency has many basic features though and it not easily being forged is just one of them.  A currency that cannot be forged but is otherwise worthless or unusable would not be a good currency.  We can, and have, had a secure currency with low fees and some level of usability in small purchases so the idea that the fees are beneficial seems disingenuous.
You present a false decision here, virtually free transaction or a safe store of value can both be had and BTC was initially intended to address both of these benefits.
@_date: 2016-02-14 22:59:38
We don't get an option about what fees to pay though, the bitcoin government decides to whom and how much we pay.  Don't you think letting people set their own fees and just choosing whether or not to use those miners would encourage more competition?  There's absolutely no reason why there should ever be a fee for a coffee that costs more than the coffee.
Note with the dentist you can choose who you go to, with the car manufacturer you can choose who to buy from, with the use of BTC with this arbitrarily restricted blocksize you aren't letting the free market decide.
@_date: 2016-02-14 16:16:59
Yeah, because the value of a currency is based on it not being able to actually be used for normal things...I'm a supporter of Bitcoin but having high fees and the difficulty in use are not boons for it.  It will get better, but you seem to be promoting devolution of currency rather than the evolution BTC embodies.
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:05:21
Why would you want to hand out her contact information.  That seems unrelated to reading the article unless you're angry at her and want to harass her.
Shit like that isn't exactly going to make the Bitcoin community look good.  We should be able to disagree peaceable.