@_author: iamanoodle
@_date: 2018-10-09 04:20:54
I'm a noodle...
@_date: 2018-10-12 22:46:12
I think a lot of it is because the clear path (most people think) to an etf is similar to how commodities are traded as ETFs. They are mostly done and settled and priced using the futures market which in turn is just based on a price on an exchange. No crypto is necessarily transferred between the two parties. With the creation of btc futures, comes the possibility of creating an etf that operates on the futures price of btc. This means when you buy into the etf (if it is truly set up as such) you are not actually buying btc that is held by a custodian. For instance, when you buy on gdax, your crypto is being put into a wallet and held by coinbase (you, since you have full control of the wallet). 
@_date: 2019-05-18 23:32:57
Yes/no. 
A true btc etf (which I believe should exist/want) is difficult to create because you would likely have storage costs, storage risks, proof of purchase, buying selling rules, etc. That you would have to comply with. 
What people are trying to create is a btc etf that trades off of futures contracts. This is how a lot of commodities are traded, and they don't actually hold the underlying they price around the indicated futures price and are settled in cash, not btc. For instance, if you buy gld, there isn't a company out there that just bought and sold physical vlgolf for you and is storing it in a safety deposit box. While there are inherent faults with this from this sub (rightfully so imo), companies see a large benefit from bring the first to market a btc ETF. And the ability to charge 15-75 bps on a product like this can generate millions in revenue. 
Companies like greyscale have tried to hold the underlying with mutual funds, but have been unseccessful as their NAV does not perfectly correlate with btc. Some argue that while there are drawbacks of creating an ETF on forward contracts there is a net benefit to the community as it creates another layer of legitimacy about the asset and another tool for a legit company who will hold the underlying to hedge purchase/liquidity/timing risk. It will give people easier access and may encourage people to buy what essentially results in a paper security and hurt the community in the short run, some argue in the long run it is good. 
Despite coinbases flaws, it is the same debate on Coinbases vs. Robinhood. The reality is that it is to complicated for my mom to own a wallet and buy her btc safely on her own. Is it my job to educate her on the proper way to do so.... yes, but what about my Mom's friends or coworkers who will easily be drawn to an asset on an exchange that tracks the price of btc that they can own in their retirement accounts or in a brokerage account.