@_author: iamcoinpanel
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:17:54
I'm sorry but I have to say this: Due to your legal circumstances you should not be on public television, radio, etc. as a representative of the Bitcoin community. 
I don't know if you are extremely bored being on house arrest, enjoy the limelight, need to hear yourself talk or have some other reason. Whatever the case may be you should stop talking about Bitcoin. Stop the video hangouts, the Reddit posts, the radio talk shows and the phone TV interviews.
You are accused of being involved, knowingly, in SR user funding. Even though you are innocent until proven guilty you should at least do Bitcoin a favor and be quiet. The reality is that your credibility in the eyes of many people is less than that of Leah Goodman.
If you have the best interest of Bitcoin in mind please fix your legal problems first and fix your reputation before continually making statements and appearances on behalf of Bitcoin.
I'm sorry if this was harsh.
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:27:53
Very interesting that this happens the day after Overstock supports Bitcoin in the NYC hearings.
We could see some negativity coming from Wall St. and/or banks. Possibly trying to deter other companies from following suit and adopting Bitcoin payments. Would love to know who is behind the trades sending the share price down.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:30:16
Used up.
Remember: the exchange is brand new so not much trading taking place on it yet.
@_date: 2013-11-20 05:34:41
The all around inept Gox is officially the achilles heel. We desperately need a secure high capacity exchange in the US that is not a deposit/withdrawal fiasco.
Mt.Gox is Vesuvius to Bitcoin's Pompeii. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:24:29
Banks will drive the price high enough to where only they have the capital to dictate the price. They will create a pseudo central authority. The actual price, who knows.
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:39:22
Not a good idea to post your personal political beliefs on behalf of your charitable organization. Be neutral if your going to post as SeansOutpost. You never know who is reading that you may deter.
@_date: 2013-12-06 22:54:44
A very clever ruse.
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:12:41
The competition card was played well earlier during the senate hearings. We were never really competing directly with China. At the time it was a comparison of domestic adoption, saying that China was ahead of the curve. The Chinese economy is based heavily on restrictions, from an undervalued currency to limits on overseas transfer, etc. Now that China has restricted their domestic Bitcoin adoption it is advantageous for the US to advance its domestic adoption.
The US economy can benefit as it can utilize Bitcoin as a tool for further domestic economic growth. The rapid transfer of funds that Bitcoin enables can ensure that more money is circulating domestically and not in delay. i.e. waiting for checks to clear, merchant processors to deposit funds, etc. The amount of funds taken out of circulation in the US economy due to delays in transfer is ridiculous.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:49:44
Unfortunately the Chinese government has stopped Bitcoin's mainstream economic adoption. This should not be surprising considering they still operate the great firewall.
It is also unfortunate how much in denial some people in r/bitcoin are. This is awful news from China, and potentially catastrophic in the near term for Bitcoin's price. I highly suggest active users treat r/bitcoin as a good avenue for discussion and not a Bitcoin cheerleading squad.
I am a big fan of Bitcoin. It will be $10k by the end of next year. However, China put a major dent in the short term price. I would not buy at this moment. If you bought earlier just wait, don't take an immediate loss out of fear. At some point next year it will be higher than it is now.
Some things that are good about China's decision to neuter Bitcoin:
1. US politics will dictate the mainstream adoption in the US. If China says no it is a political advantage to say yes in the US.
2. When US banks and large financial institutions adopt Bitcoin, which they will, then the real value of Bitcoin will emerge. The price per Bitcoin will be much higher than now. They will increase the price simply to make more money from utilizing it as an investment tool. They can't make enough money on something that is considered to them to be cheap. The market cap of Bitcoin is very low to large financial institutions. 
3. The view that a controlling government like China must intervene with Bitcoin proves to other governments that Bitcoin is a powerful tool for economic growth.
4. The Chinese government having to restrict Bitcoin only gives Bitcoin more legitimacy. If someone says "If China restricted Bitcoin then it must be a bad technology," simply reply "They also restrict the internet, including Facebook and Twitter." Here is a link: 
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:14:34
There are so many factors, countries, technologies, entities etc. involved that no one can possibly know what will happen in the near future. One person holding 15k BTC could potentially trigger a "crash" by selling all BTC at once at market price.
However, in my opinion if you are looking for a long term investment then anytime is a good time to buy Bitcoin. Waiting until its cheap may be futile.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:28:22
Common sense would ask: Why would the creator of a global digital currency risk it all by developing a black market website to make commissions on drug sales? The sole creator of the currency would already have hundreds of thousands of units from its inception. Time and energy would have been better spent further developing the currency rather than building an illegal operation utilizing it.
It would be counterintuitive to build an open source digital currency worth potentially billions and simultaneously tarnish it with an association to a black market. 
Finally, with the sloppiness of the creator of SR in securing his identity and hardware, it would become immediately apparent to investigators that he was the same person who created Bitcoin. The Senate hearings would have revealed it and Bitcoin would have been labeled an evil creation.
Bitcoin supporters all know that this "finding" is utter nonsense. Perhaps it will actually convince the creator(s) of Bitcoin to come out and thus end the SR stigma once and for all.
In a few years SR will be an afterthought. The creator of Bitcoin will not be the one sitting in Florence, Colorado.
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:16:14
This would be good too:
"Bitcoin's potential is profound. It is disruptive, in a good way. The fact that the communist government of China has essentially blocked Bitcoin from their core economy, an economy that is based on an undervalued currency, proves that Bitcoin has real value. Bitcoin is the future of online financial transactions with huge economic potential both at home and abroad. We cannot follow in the restrictive economic footsteps of the communist government of China, just as we do not believe in their restrictions on freedom of speech."
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:37:33
It's really simple: In China, deep pockets cannot sit at the Bitcoin table.
@_date: 2013-12-06 17:32:03
I was providing advice and comfort depending on the readers situation.
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:04:04
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:04:23
Show your support for Bitcoin now and you will look very wise in the near future. 
Encourage US banks to embrace Bitcoin. Financial institutions in the US can benefit greatly by utilizing Bitcoin's potential. Examples: transfer money with other banking institutions in minutes. Businesses can make deposits in minutes. Individuals can transfer money in minutes thus increasing everyones purchasing power.
Example: Three people sit down for dinner. 
One person pays for the dinner in Bitcoin, one person pays with credit card and the third pays using cash. 
1. The restaurant can deposit that Bitcoin purchase into their bank account in minutes. 
2. The credit card payment will take at least 2-3 days to deposit into the bank account with varying fees. 
3. The cash payment may take longer depending on the size of the restaurant and it's operating schedule. Armored cars may be required to pick up the cash which will take the deposit much longer to reach the bank.
The end result: Using the rapid transfer of funds with Bitcoin enhances the speed and purchasing power of the economy as a whole. The lag in available funds is in minutes and no longer in days.
The economy can benefit more than anyone can imagine. The US should not hesitate on this.
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:18:39
Actually, this is wave 2. As more Chinese realize the implications of their governments ruling they will continue to sell. Large capital is not allowed to get involved with Bitcoin in China. I am not being pessimistic. I want the value to rise, but thinking that the Chinese government statement is a good thing is delusional. Overall I am bullish on Bitcoin, but it may be a good idea to wait for a few days to buy any.
@_date: 2013-12-06 03:29:12
Unfortunate. Thanks for posting.
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:59:55
In all seriousness, please have some compassion. He suffered a stroke not too long ago. Strokes can be very debilitating. His brief appearance at the hearing suggests that he may not be in the best of shape.
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:23:39
I am a huge fan of bitcoin and want the price to increase. However, I am realistic. This is not good as far as the price increasing. This does not effect the Bitcoin protocol, it is merely affecting the price of Bitcoin which are two separate things.
What the government of china is doing is preventing big money from involving themselves with Bitcoin. They are trying to marginalize it by preventing large financial entities from getting involved. This is not good because large institutions are the ones that will be the eventual catalysts for an increase in price.
China is essentially saying that you cannot create securities or funds based on Bitcoin and you cannot insure any Bitcoin holdings. They are neutering its ability to act as a legitimate investment vehicle.
TLDR: They are preventing it from interfering with their CNY economy by not allowing potential market makers.