@_author: iamdaurgothoth
@_date: 2015-06-08 06:44:44
So bitcoins are worth $5.7 million per if successful in today's $ purchasing power. I'm buying another. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:07:32
Watch a bitcoin primer then throw on a copy of the matrix. You won't get confused again lol 
@_date: 2015-06-28 13:30:00
You have been outvoted. Your comments are also fucking stupid. Have a shitty day. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:42:11
USD period of deflation was expected. Next up world war hyperinflation! Bitcoinization proceeding according to plan. Choochoo
@_date: 2015-06-25 18:27:20
Idk why I'm being down voted for answering a question. "Blue Pill" is a meme that came out after the matrix that translates to: your a dreaming statist oblivious to the real world because you believe whatever the government history book and government news television says. 
Blue pill means statist. 
Red pill means you went looking for evidence to build your own conclusion.
@_date: 2015-06-15 12:46:21
It's funny you think Bitcoin has stagnated.
@_date: 2015-06-25 17:43:17
Statist 
@_date: 2015-05-28 18:21:46
Using bitcoin in more services like the recent NASDAQ news means that bitcoins *will* be used as a currency and more. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:19:24
We set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be gained, and new rights to be won, and they must be won and used for the progress of all people. For space science, like computer science and all technology, has no conscience of its own. Whether it will become a force for good or ill depends on man. We choose to go to the moon. We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.
@_date: 2015-05-28 20:01:12
I didn't say anything about demand for bitcoins. I stated that the more use cases there are for bitcoins, the more they will be used as a currency. Implementation of specific services is mostly irrelevant to this fact. 
@_date: 2015-08-16 23:56:55
Paradigm shifts take longer than expected but change more than you ever thought possible. 
Bitcoiners come in all shapes and sizes. They could be using Bitcoin as a service for remitences or maybe financial privacy or even online entertainment or shopping. Not all of them explore beyond the niche that drew them in but some do and then they will inevitably meet one of the bitcoin faithful. These bitcoiners are not using Bitcoin for a specific service as much as a political statement and they have some of the most fascinating perspectives.  The most widely accepted is of course a version of sound money such as bitcoins has the potential to end the single largest creator of wealth inequality.  These bitcoiners won't stop using bitcoins untill the network stops functioning and untill then anything is possible. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:42:56
That makes the assumption that Western Union or CCs are bitcoins main competition.
@_date: 2015-04-01 01:00:43
Why would you appeal to a group of people that don't listen to the public? This is just as crazy as expecting a polititian to fix something. Regulators listen to central banks and no one else. No one. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 16:40:42
Without the power to create money states will have a limited capacity to wage war because the bill for war will come due and people don't like higher taxes. Even an idiot like you can understand that. All wars? No. Just the never ending war and conflicts of 0 national interest will no longer be politically possible in a democracy. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 00:05:04


I'm not sure what you are trying to say here. Are you trying to say that deflation is bad in a long drawn out, round about way? Because if that is the case you are wrong. 


Do you have any understanding of how the current system works? The money in the bank isn't yours. The cash in your wallet is guilty until proven innocent. Bitcoin gives the owner of the currency complete autonomy, besides other benefits this is the single largest improvement over fiat.


Are you just flinging catchy phrases around now? There is no such thing as a race to the bottom in Bitcoin.  


Awh yes, the old deflation is wrong bullshit. How did I see this coming? Considering the rest of your post is a continuation of this incorrect economic belief I urge you to purge beliefs from your views because you are wrong. That is all.
@_date: 2015-03-29 17:09:57
Basic income
Free market
You may pick only one. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 18:33:27


You don't know what a credible argument is. You asked a rhetorical question in the attempt to sound superior and I plainly tell you that when people are taxed too much they stop paying and sometimes even start fighting and I tell you it has happened before. I urge you to look at america's history specifically when they revolted over the ability to make private money and a handful of small taxes. 


Your ignorance of the financial markets is impeccable. All fiat currencies are interconnected. Hyperbitcoinization literally can't effect just one currency. It can have a larger impact on one than another at a specific time but it can't single out one specific currency. It effects them all. Take for example the recent increase in volatility, now in the currency markets its hard to go this is happening because X but what we can identify is contributing factors and then its up for debate on how much these factors influence the market because they influence everyone differently. Take for example the Euro, one of the strongest currencies in the world is falling rapidly. Cyprus and Greece have been having huge bank problems for over a decade and they have recently been in the international news again. Bank runs and hyperinflation are not side effects from bitcoin, they are side effects of a horrible system that finally has some competition outside its complete control. Bitcoin is the holy grail, its not some fancy gold plated cup with jewels but a simple brass cup made by a carpenter and its good enough to give the current system a run for the money. Now every shit country will probably switch to the rembi or the USD in the coming shitstorm when the smaller corrupt central banks go bust first, like venezuela. This leads to a temporary deflation in the dollar, that is what we are seeing now. If you think this ends with everyone using dollars for the rest of forever then I wish you goodluck, I do not share that view. As bitcoin gains momentum it will be able to execute speculative attacks against national currencies, once this happens once bitcoin wins as all the interconnected fiat currencies fail and people rush into the new currency and the bond market implodes as countries default as they have in the past.  
@_date: 2015-03-11 18:00:24
So much is wrong with this article I am not sure were to begin. 
Bitcoin works if one person mines or 1 million.
Monopolies don't threaten bitcoin and counterfeiting will always catch up to whatever service is providing it in the long run so bad exchanges will go goxed and good exchanges will rise. 
Seriously its like people don't even understand free markets anymore. 
@_date: 2015-03-29 18:30:59
The money comes from somewhere. If it's voluntary then it's called charity and the free market does that pretty well. 
When the government does it, it's not voluntary. When something is not voluntary it takes longer, gets more expensive and creates unnecessary risk. Why should we all borrow more money against our collective credit, just so we can pay ourselves some cash, equally regardless of credit contribution each month? I would rather not have a joint credit account with you and I would rather not pay you just to be alive as I think I will spend my money better than you, so if that's what I want in the free market that's what I'll get. Now if basic income is mandated I'm required under threat of prison or paying even more money if I don't give free money out to everyone. 
So how is forcing me to pay everyone else not a restriction of my freedom to be free of you?
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2015-03-11 19:06:48
"Rockefeller Foundation’s admitted funding and developing of anti-fertility vaccines intended for “mass-scale distribution."
Scare tactics aside, here is bill gates saying his 'vaccines' will 'help' with 'overpopulation.'
@_date: 2015-03-11 21:06:35
*Eugenics is wrong. Overpopulation may be an issue in the future but we are not even close to that being a problem. 
*Not all vaccines are created equal. 
*the video is 4 minutes long and Bill himself says his vaccines help overpopulation.  This combined with reports of thousands being sterilized in places like India after a big push by Bill to vaccinate thousands lead to good questions. 
Those questions have answers. Try vactruth.com for more in depth coverage of the issue. The article I linked was to establish history, the eugenics ass holes have been at this a long time. 
The truth is, unless your a doctor or research this stuff religiously you won't know what compounds to check for in a vaccine before taking it to make sure it's not a bad one because they are going around. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 17:49:59


This has happened routinely through history, sometimes even creating a new nation after a tax revolt.


Hyperbitcoinization 
edit: P.S. Just playing devils advocate doesn't mean it can't or won't happen either buddy.
@_date: 2015-03-11 22:58:44
Not all vaccines are created equal. Here is a report on toxins in vaccines approved by the UN. 
Many vaccines are helpful but because some are used horribly with evil intent the average person won't know if what they are getting is contaminated.  
Here is another
Previous vaccination programs have been shown to have covertly been used to sterilize women.  In 1995, the Supreme Court of the Philippines found that vaccines used in a UNICEF anti-tetanus vaccination program contained B-hCG, which when given in a vaccine, permanently destroys women's ability to sustain a pregnancy.  Aproximately three million women had already been given the vaccine.
Believing all vaccines are good is just as silly as thinking all vaccines are bad. My point is the powers at be use this strategy constantly so there is no way the average person will ever know unless they are educated properly about what substances in vaccines need to be avoided. Due to the overwhelming chorus of statists screaming about how it should be a crime not to get vaccinated most people dismiss these valid concerns and critisms of vaccines as 'conspiracy theories' when in fact it's just synergy of fatcatassholes that think they deserve to play god. 