@_author: iamnotarobotokiam
@_date: 2016-03-26 19:29:32
I'm just the average non-tech user. If others think like me then the fud line is real. It is too late in my eyes. An outsider looking in sees slow to non existent development; I've been hearing about sidechains for years now, and I don't want to wait any longer. Any new investor looking into the Bitcoin space will hear about transaction time issues. They aren't seeing any solutions in action right now, like SW. "It's in production" is not good enough.
Before anyone tells me "this takes time", well Bitcoin doesn't have time. It's evolve or die. Innovation in tech has to be fast, not elegant. Some other crypto will eat its lunch. 
Solutions? Have Blockstream hire more devs for more projects. If they are paying Core devs out of the goodness of their heart then they should be using whatever $$ they have left from time locked bitcoins to hire more.
@_date: 2016-03-27 15:46:41
It's not a matter of if there is an issue. Bitcoin has no issues now but most of us would like to see its features and use expand rapidly. You can say you are happy with it as is; then it doesn't need to change or rise in price.  But corporations make money by overcoming issues for their customers. If Bitcoin isn't tackling issues at a rapid pace to become better then it will not survive. 
No company ever became a mega-corporation by being content with staying the same and serving a small niche market.
I really want to see Core devs adding innovative features from altcoins as rapidly as possible. Arguing about blocksize is like rearranging deck chairs on the titanic.
@_date: 2016-02-21 21:15:27
Thanks for the reply. I don't know why my other comment was so down voted. I think LN is a great concept but kind I'm not getting how its a core Bitcoin focus. 
Like its an option for some sweet rims on a car. Not necessary for the car to move but spinning rims within spinning wheels is pretty cool. I might not be understanding it correctly.
@_date: 2016-02-21 13:21:44
I want to comment because I think just upvoting you is not enough. Your analysis is very well written. As a non technical casual observer, I do not see how LN are Bitcoin. Its a nice feature for business' to use blockchain tech but its not transparent trustless decentralized transactions right? It lets people piggyback on Bitcoin for settlement for them to make a profit? How has this become a priority for Core devs? "Bitcoin needs to scale so we are going to make a framework for private off-chain ecosystems that take the burden off of Bitcoin". Is this correct? Doesn't that defeat the whole purpose of Bitcoin? 