@_author: iamnotback
@_date: 2016-11-12 12:16:58
I have not yet studied in detail about those "greedy mining attacks" but here is another attack I was contemplating which I presume wouldn't be fixed by Byzcoin. However, I conclude this attack is probably not rational.
Currently the average Bitcoin transaction is roughly $100 with roughly 200,000 transactions per day which is fractionally more than 2 transactions per second throughput. That is roughly $200 million of transaction value per day. The minted mining reward is roughly (rounded down) $1 million per day, which is thus roughly 0.5% of transaction value minted reward per transaction. At this time transaction fees are insignificant.
Mathematically it should be possible to double-spend more than $50,000 in transactions (split perhaps into numerous smaller valued transactions) by spending $50,000 on mining for 6 blocks, with the excess being profit. The argument against this being as easy as it seems mathematically is that who will rent to you equivalent of 100% of the network hashrate? Assuming you could rent 51% of the existing hashrate, then you'd only need to spend $25,000 for 6 blocks. But again those who have invested in mining hardware probably have an incentive to not rent out 51% of the network hashrate so as to not enable such attacks on the value of their investment.
If transaction fees will end up being significantly lower such as 0.05% when minted block rewards decline to 0, then unless transaction volume multiplied by average transaction value has increased commensurately (e.g. 10X in my example), then the overall capital invested in the security will be commensurately lower.
Note [I wrote recently]( that I presumed a rational entity or cartel that controls 51% of the mining hashrate would not have an incentive to short the market while 51% attacking for double-spends, because of insufficient market liquidity to extract all the value of their capital investment. Perhaps there is another strategy which might be rational. The 51% attacker could double-spend to drive the price down, extracting profits both on the double-spent theft and the shorting (which are much less than their capital investment) which they can then reinvest by buying more coins at the low prices. Pause their attack and let the market price recover, then repeat. They would need to hide their tracks very well or do this from a country where it is not illegal to do so, which may or may not be realistic at that scale? In this way they could keep the market price relatively depressed while they wait for a technical solution to the problem, or they later announce that 51% of the network has been acquired and will now sign every block with a public key and this public key is committed to a reputation that it will never allow a double-spend. Although that attack (and any subsequent commitment to a reputation not to attack) would admit 51% control of the network, which would probably have motivated a technical replacement for Bitcoin that doesn't use proof-of-work.
Thus it seems I am probably correct and this attack is probably not in the rational interest of any entity that can control 51% of the network hashrate.
@_date: 2016-11-12 12:06:48
Afaics, Byzcoin can't possibly fix the most fundamental flaw in Satoshi's design when block rewards come predominantly from transaction fees, which is that the transaction fees either decline to mining costs or the throughput must be limited (e.g. by block size) so that transaction fees must rise to those the larger valued transactions are willing to pay.
One might argue that some transactions are willing to pay a higher transaction fee to be included sooner in a block, yet without any restriction on throughput (e.g. block size), this merely means one has to pay a transaction fee that makes the marginal miner profitable. But there is no such fee, because the marginal miners aren't just one level of cost. Thus gradually the most marginal miners go bankrupt, which proceeds until the lowest cost miners control 51% of the network and can raise fees to what ever level the market will bear.
The marginal miners rejoin the network if the cartel raises the level of transaction fees accepted but this is only stable if there remains a 51% cartel to raise fees. Due to the economics of Satoshi's design (e.g. minority mining on the wrong block during propagation delay), those with more hashrate earn more profit than their proportional hashrate should, thus the 51% cartel over time trends towards 100% and so as their percentage of the systemic hashrate rises, the cartel can raise transaction fees to higher levels up to what the market can bear. So eventually we will be right back at Visa and Mastercard levels of centralized control and fees.
The ["greedy mining attacks"]( are essentially a manifestation of the same underlying economic problem which is that given no restriction on throughput, then game theory incentives cause transaction fees to decline to the mining costs. Byzcoin may fix some of these attacks, but it can't fix the fundamental problem with Satoshi's proof-of-work, because it is insoluble. And no, Monero didn't fix this problem as [TPTB_need_war explained to ArticMine]( earlier this year.
I (as  had [pointed out back in 2013]( that transaction fees are Achilles heel of Satoshi's design.
Ultimately what this all means is that mathematically and microeconomically for Satoshi's design to survive, a cartel must control a monopoly on mining (e.g. 51% of the hashrate) so that it can dictate a level of fees which is profitable. This is potentially why the Chinese mining "cartel" has been afaik resisting block size increases, because at least this is more obfuscated and more immediate than a battle of attrition or 51% attack to rid the blockchain of miners not in the cartel for the purpose of increasing profit from transaction fees.
There can't ever exist any solution for Satoshi's proof-of-work design that will prevent a devolution into a mining cartel.
The only way to improve on this might be to shift to a design which doesn't use proof-of-work with blocks.
@_date: 2017-04-26 20:54:27


Please restate that coherently.
The two parties of a HTLC 2-of-2 multisig payment channel have no common joint 3rd party.


Indeed the only way LN really works is with a large Mt.Box that all the users open payment channels with. But that is a problem of centralization, not the problem of fractional reserves as you were alleging. I have always stated that LN is a centralization paradigm.


What problem? You aren't stating the technical problem coherently with sufficient detail for readers to understand. I am nearly certain that you have a technical mistake. If you explain your issue in more detail, then I can help explain your mistake to you.


Yes. But no one who has a payment channel open with Mt.Box on the blockchain can lose any funds.
Just because Mt.Box happens to be the payee (i.e. has the key of the payee or is "colluding" with the payee) is irrelevant. Review my prior comment (the one you replied to) for the reason why.


By design the payment channels can't exceed the committed balances on the blockchain.


Your thought process appears to have an error.
The commitment which initiates each payment channel (between two parties) is on the blockchain and it limits the sum of the funds which can be taken out of the payment channel when the spend and/or refund transactions are committed to the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:53:18
Patents are not capitalism. Bitcoin will never be modified. Remember I told you.
@_date: 2017-04-06 05:37:03
No danger in that. (◔_◔)
@_date: 2017-04-10 20:26:30
That privilege will be exclusively yours Blockhead.
@_date: 2017-04-06 06:08:40
Because if Bitmain can't do it covertly then if they either can't or can reconfigure via s/w to do it overtly then their customers (who have the same boost capable hardware) will either not be at an efficiency disadvantage or they demand that they receive the software to also be able to do overtly.
But what if Bitmain release the s/w for covert boosting anonymously, then their customers might fight the BIP, because their customers might reside in jurisdictions where the Western patent applies.
@_date: 2017-04-10 07:59:55
There was a strong hint that Bitmain would make a covert AsicBoost to cleverly checkmate Blockstream with the ruse of 2MB from the HK agreement, see [Jihan Wu's tweet]( quoted after [ comment](
[I was aware of AsicBoost at that time]( and would probably have figured it out had I not been so delirious with chronic disseminated Tuberculosis.
 was also aware some guys were [allegedly already trying to gain leverage with AsicBoost]( so one of them could have initiated the idea which Bitmain picked up on.
@_date: 2017-04-06 05:11:14
But couldn't miners and then whales treat it as a HF and refuse to mine on blocks that implemented the BIP?
In that case, would a block height trigger not put us in danger of a HF war?
A miner majority doesn't guarantee that whales can't sell the majority hashrate fork and buy the minority hashrate fork, thus elevating the hashrate of the one they choose and killing the one they don't allow.
@_date: 2017-04-06 07:12:29
You'll soon find out that it is the law. And anyone who tries to break the law by furking, will lose their BTC. Remember I warned you.
@_date: 2017-04-06 06:26:46


The whales who control the majority of BTC want small blocks and immutability. Thus I think they would say that the attack is the proposed BIP which seems to be clearly designed to play favorites in the free market and disable the free market from making the protocol immutable as Satoshi (Nash) apparently intended.
@_date: 2017-04-06 06:37:01


I wouldn't be surprised for them [to turn on the _covert_ version](
A HF war seems possible if this BIP is activated on a flag day.
@_date: 2017-04-10 09:15:21




Yes they want to block a miner's ability to block their centralized control over mutating the protocol of Bitcoin.
That miner Bitmain is employing the free market of the protocol to checkmate Blockstream/Core by selling as much AsicBoost enabled ASICs as they could, and if Blockstream tries to HF, they will simply release the covert upgrade into the public domain and voila! Blockheads are toasted.
Blockstream are hereby fired and might find employment working for DCG (Chinese) on Litecoin. It's so beautiful those [arrogant, pompous asshurls]( got their heads handed to them on a burnt platter.
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:53:50
 [wrote](






 you're either a "_democracy-is-a-totalitarian-power-vacuum retard_", a "_Blockstream's righteous, arrogant blockhead_", or both .
And  is correct. And you fools will lose. Watch and observe the outcome.
@_date: 2017-04-06 07:02:26


Incorrect. The BIP would block use of the overt case in Western jurisdictions where the ASCIIBOOST patent applies. But the Chinese could continue to use the overt boost, because they have a patent already in China and afaik  China doesn't enforce Western patents. So you aren't normalizing. You are just making it impossible for the Western owners of the hardware to ever get a level playing field. If you attempt your crazy flag day activation, they'll probably anonymously release the covert s/w so then all the Western miners with their hardware will block your BIP and you'll have a HF war on your bloody hands. Great for your reputation.
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:10:54
Agreed. I had _previously_ [written the same](
@_date: 2017-04-27 11:09:00


You have simply restated what I already stated. There can be no fractional reserves if all the parties follow the payment channel protocol. You are inventing some new concept called "IOUs" which does not exist in the LN protocol.






That is exactly what I already wrote.


Again that is the same as my position on LN.
@_date: 2017-04-10 19:59:23
You wrote my reply to you.
I suggest [additional reading material]( That entire linked thread in fact.
@_date: 2017-04-10 07:38:15
Freedom of association is orthogonal to democracy. Democracy is a totalitarian power vacuum.
@_date: 2017-04-06 02:36:26
With a limited block size, the problem isn't unbounded, but it seems you are correct that it will disincentivize mining empty blocks.
Thus we don't have to kill this exploit on the erroneous claim that it would incentivize empty blocks long-term. The empty block incentive only works near-term while there is still a minted block reward and fees are low.
@_date: 2017-04-06 06:51:04
I don't think that miner realizes he just admitted he'll be supporting Jihan Wu's stance because he will be prevented from using any overt version by patent law. Thus he will have to use a covert version of the upgrade when it is anonymous released on the Internet.
This covert boost was a very clever ploy because it leverages game theory, economics, technology, and law! Wow. That is out-of-the-box thinking. I'm impressed.
 doesn't yet realize he has been outplayed. Checkmate. Litecoin is his destiny, as planned by the Chinese.  is in danger of causing a ridiculous HF war with his desperate flag day activation of this communistic BIP.
@_date: 2017-04-06 04:31:20
In other words, they want to turn Bitcoin into a government instead of an immutable protocol, thus destroying the only thing that gives Bitcoin its value as a reliable store-of-value where the rules are stable and it is a free market.
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:20:55
It has nothing to do with PR. It is a reality that you will realize sooner or later.
You will learn to respect what I write. I attempt to write as factually/objectively/rationally as I able based on the information I am aware of at the time I write. I don't need to fool anyone to get some where in life.
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:42:31
 [wrote](






You're apparently a "_Blockstream's righteous, arrogant blockhead_"?
SegWit supporters were also manipulated and will lose.
Litecoin will win scaling. Bitcoin will remain an immutable protocol for settlement. Watch and observe the outcome.
The crab bucket mentality has been explained by myself on BCT.
@_date: 2017-04-06 02:26:07
Are you sure? Doesn't the optimization eliminate some logic gates that would otherwise be needed if the optimization is turned off?
Edit: nullc [isn't sure](
@_date: 2017-04-06 04:43:55


It is not a preimage nor collision attack, but it is a reduction of the security (due to potentially one entity gaining more share of hashrate) of PoW when SHA256 is employed, but only if the exploit is not widely available. SHA256 was apparently not designed for PoW.
This exploit exposes a weakness of relying on PoW for security. We can't know every possible efficiency exploit a priori. Hash functions are designed for preimage and collision resistance and not for efficiency transparency.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:09:05
Is it likely that your BIP would cripple the existing hardware with the covert boost? Could the covert boost be reconfigured with s/w upgrade to run in overt mode? Separately, if the boosting circuit can't be used anymore, is the entire ASIC chip useless or can the chip route around the boosting optimization without crippling efficiency worse than just losing the boost efficiency?
In other words, is your BIP proposing to cripple existing hardware?
@_date: 2017-04-25 23:48:58
I think what David Zimbeck means is that if Mt.Box has the private key for the payee destination of the payment, then Mt.Box makes [the secret of the hash]( which the payer requires and Mt.Box is essentially paying itself.
Essentially what David is pointing out is that if Mt.Box is operating the private keys on the behalf of payees, then Mt.Box can create fractional reserves. Well duh, of course if users are entrusting their balances to Mt.Box, then yes just like exchanges, those accounts can be fractional reserves.
But David is incorrect if he is intending to imply that Mt.Box can create fractional reserves if the payee is not colluding with Mt. Box.
So I don't really see anything that profound in David's point. Users can't lose funds from a channel open to Mt.Box because those channels are opened with a transaction on the blockchain. The only users who can lose funds are those who have IOUs from Mt.Box and not an actual channel open on the blockchain.
Perhaps David is intending to imply that all users having a channel open to Mt. Box on the blockchain is not scalable. Well that might not be a problem if users don't need to cash out on the blockchain often. However, if the block size remains 1MB, then eventually txn fees will become too high for most users to afford have a channel open on the blockchain.
Note I've heard the following rumor recently:




I haven't studied yet how the secret for the hash gets handled such that each intermediary party doesn't need to be trusted. There might indeed be a flaw in that. It is probably some attack on [the timeouts required](
@_date: 2017-04-10 20:12:17
I suggest [additional reading material]( That entire linked thread in fact.
@_date: 2017-04-06 04:54:15
Yeah first you build market share as quietly as you can. So then it is impossible to furk away.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:47:46
The free market has to deal with patents. They are part of the landscape. Putting some humans in charge of deciding what is fair and not fair competition is turning Bitcoin into a government.
The intent of the protocol is the protocol, not your misinterpretations of what the game theory should be. If the protocol could be changed every time someone discovered a proprietary (secret or otherwise) advantage, then we've reduced Bitcoin's value to that of a bankrupt democracy. The protocol trusts the free market to work it out. Now I do happen to believe Satoshi's design is a winner-take-all, but making tweaks as you propose with this BIP will not fix the fundamental winner-take-all economics. So we might as well leave Bitcoin's protocol as it is, so it can be a known stable thing. Small blocks are fine. You can scale on Litecoin, we've worked to active SegWit for you there. The door is open, take it.
@_date: 2017-04-06 07:32:34
Side-stepping patents is clever competition. Communists like you don't want a free market. You prefer a blockchain which is corrupt government. The entire point of the immutable protocol is it would be free market. Voting is always corrupted. Just try to activate this BIP and you will lose all your BTC. Watch and learn. I warned you. The protocol is the law and you can't do anything to change that, which is precisely what gives Bitcoin its value.
@_date: 2017-04-06 02:50:24
Why is taking advantage of an opportunity that is legal in the protocol sleazy? I think it is sleazy of you to disrespect what Bitcoin is, which is protocol that is the law. Bitcoin is not a democracy. Democracy is the problem we are trying to avoid with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-06 07:59:02
Don't be so butthurt just because you were too incompetent to do your due diligence. Bitmain was actually helping to [enforce immutability of the protocol]( which is the holiest of pursuits for a Real Bitcoin supporter. Some of us understood what was going on and we tried to tell you all, but you ignored us. Bitmain is doing a great service teaching fools to get their head out of their arse. But instead of learning, you want to shoot the messenger so you can double down on your continued ignorance.
Mock all you want, but you better pay attention to reality, else you will lose your BTC to those of us who are doing our due diligence. You better click that link above and read. Because if you think you will change Bitcoin into a government with voting by n00bs, then you will lose your BTC by buying the wrong fork.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:35:10


That is far from certain also.


I think you better scurry off over to Litecoin where you belong. You are soon going to find out that Bitcoin is immutable. Satoshi (Nash) designed it that way. If you want your democratic communist/socialist clusterfuck, then you'll have it on Litecoin, except the Chinese are going to be your bosses. Well they already are aren't they.
@_date: 2017-04-06 02:55:40
That is communism. If you disrespect Bitmain's right to act in the free market, and gang up together to launch an attack on Bitcoin's immutability, then the whales of Bitcoin will destroy your illegal fork and take your BTC from you. The protocol is the law. Bitcoin's protocol doesn't give a shit about patents. And China doesn't give a shit about Western patents. And socialists/collectivists are what Bitcoin is destroying. Do you know who the [real whales of Bitcoin]( are?
@_date: 2017-04-06 07:22:31


That is my point. And the whales have the most BTC and thus make the decision. And they have already told you that if you ever try to break Bitcoin's immutability, they will take your BTC. Please do bet the wrong way and lose your BTC. You don't remember your exchange with MP, the whale who controls a million BTC himself and has a WoT of the majority of the wealth in Bitcoin. Also you've been checkmated by Bitmain as they can just release the covert s/w to kill your BIP. You can safely assume MP was behind this cleverness. He was also the DAO attacker. Be careful. Luckily you can have SegWit on Litecoin, so your work won't be wasted. I worked very hard the past week to help SegWit get activated on Litecoin. You're welcome. Hope you do great things with Litecoin.
@_date: 2017-04-13 06:07:05
By some narrow definition of communism that attempts to obfuscate the various modes of totalitarianism in all its brutal glory.