@_author: iamplasma
@_date: 2014-10-15 13:17:55
Jesuswithoutabeard has already addressed the "consumer" issue, so I will just address the jurisdiction point.
The question isn't simply whether, as a matter of Canadian law, this transaction is covered by Canadian law.  Countries pass all kinds of laws that purport to bind foreign nationals, and which their domestic courts will enforce, but which are not as a matter of private international law recognized as enforceable due to a lack of jurisdiction.  Unless these guys have a lot of Canadian assets in their company name, a judgment in Canada is useless unless the USA will recognize and enforce it.
To give an extremely simplified statement of the common law rule, a court has jurisdiction over a person present in the jurisdiction, or who does business in the jurisdiction through a branch or agent.  Now, before you focus in on the latter part of that test, doing business in the jurisdiction is more than merely doing business *with* the jurisdiction.  Offering to sell products to foreigners doesn't give each of their home countries jurisdiction over you, and it would be absurd if (as an extreme example) selling a pair of jeans online to an Iranian gave Iran jurisdiction over you.  So more information would be needed about these guys' business structure before a clear answer could be given.
Virtually all countries claim what is known as "exorbidant" jurisdiction, which basically means that their courts will hear cases that they would not have jurisdiction to hear at common law.  But such jurisdiction is not recognized internationally and judgments entered in reliance upon it cannot be enforced.
Oh, I would also mention that if these people had their terms written by anybody with half a brain they will include a USA choice of courts clause, whereby OP agreed that any claim would have to be made in America.
There is also a practical issue, that OP would be incurring a lot of extra legal costs if he were to sue in Canada and then try to enforce in the USA.
TL;DR It isn't about whether Canada thinks it has jurisdiction, it is about whether the judgment could be enforced in the USA as the place where the debtor is.
@_date: 2014-10-15 09:27:03
I question if consumer protection laws will necessarily apply to a contract entered into by both parties for the purposes if a for-profit business.  There is also the question of what jurisdiction Canadian law necessarily has over Robocoin.
But, yes, it isn't like OP can just walk away.
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:40:23
Yes, this is how virtually all purchases of insolvent entities operate, and it would be entirely unremarkable.  Nobody in their right mind would adopt half a billion dollars of liabilities just to get their hands on MtGox.
@_date: 2014-02-07 23:54:14
Her address is on the project, you could have sent it straight to her!
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:45:06


That really isn't relevant.  DVD players (and most other personal possessions) aren't government-regulated, but it's still theft to steal them.
@_date: 2016-09-11 12:09:21
Uh... I think you need to look up “malice” in the dictionary, since by its very definition it focuses on intent rather than effect.
And if you seriously think every economist in the world is in on a giant conspiracy then you are nuts.