@_author: iamthestarlord
@_date: 2017-07-09 14:54:16
Whatever man, you do you. I wish you the best. You're going to have a hard time in life if you keep assuming that people who agree with establishment thought have been brainwashed.
Sure academics don't always get it exactly right, but they've often made it through more than page 2 of Google results when doing their research. Besides that, in Economics, they must use math and empirical data to back up their claims, something not required of the internet (just ask people who honestly believe that $60 stickers can balance their shakras (&lt;-- almost certainly misspelled that))
^as for the above reply, it's obvious we're talking past each other. If you bother to hear me out, here's explanation on the need for a Fed, directed toward a Bitcoin type:
1a. Bitcoin has little value in and of itself. The community that is willing to trade exclusively in Bitcoin is so small that you couldn't buy the basest necessities of life if you chose to trade only in Bitcoin (such as food and utilities).
1b. The Dollar also has no intrinsic value. It's value is derived solely from being able to use it to pay debts to the US. (Bitcoin has no such promise.)
2a. Despite the inability to purchase many basic goods (like food) with it, Bitcoin is still one of the best performing investments over the last 10 years. This means, since it holds little intrinsic value, has no backing, and only (relatively) market, but still has a high price, that most of its value comes through speculation: the ability to turn 1 dollar into 10 dollars in a faster amount of time. 
3a. So we have established that Bitcoin's value is primarily speculative. In this way, it behaves like a stock.
4a. You recognized above, that it could crash tomorrow if a flaw could be found, destroying the value of Bitcoin, and returning a terrible investment for people who bought in late. (And further validating that it's wealth is speculative)
4b. That is ok with stocks (in small numbers) and Bitcoin, but it is not ok with National currencies. A drop of even 5% of a nations currency results in all 350M or so Americans being 5% poorer. This feeds a negative feedback cycle where people slow down their purchase of goods, further slowing the job hiring, which slows purchase of goods, etc.
5a. This is where the Fed steps in. They have the ability to control the money supply through a number of means, but primarily, they can coax money out of savings and into the market (reversing the negative feedback cycle) by lowering the baseline interest rate on govt T-Bills (considered a risk-free investment), which causes others to compete with that rate, and lowers the cost of investment for everyone. (It also weakens returns as well).
Conclusion: While devaluation of Bitcoin isn't structurally critical to the economy, devaluation of the dollar is a threat to the stability of the US (and world) economy. The Fed helps steer the money supply in a direction that is good for the economy by moving interest rates and printing money at a pace consistent for paying back T-bills.
Supporting Empirical Evidence (I'm not going to insult your intelligence, and going to assume you can google these things thoroughly):
- Russian ruple, post WW2. 
- Venezuelan inflation in... 2008?
^ these examples are also the reason why the Fed is not directly controlled by the govt. In both these scenarios, govt sought to pay off govt debts by printing money, and destroyed their national wealth through over-inflation. By having the Fed not directly under govt control, this prevents these situations from happening in US.
 I hope you have a nice day, and enjoy the stuff I've given you to look into, even though yes, it is establishment thought. Best of luck on your continued education from the internet. Oh, and thanks for calling me a retard.
@_date: 2017-07-09 07:13:09
I don't know you, but I'm pretty convinced you don't know enough about me to make the call on if I've been brainwashed. I can assure you that I'm as free a thinker as they come. Education is not brainwashing, that's a terribly backward way of looking at the world. And just because we don't agree doesn't mean my position isn't reasonable or logical.
I know many of the group are high on the idea of decentralized currency, but you forget that the only reason Bitcoin works is because it can be exchanged for dollars, pesos, francs, and is recognized as a store of value only in as much as it can be exchanged for other currencies that have the full faith and backing of governments as a store of value.
If a flaw was found in Bitcoin tomorrow, the wealth would evaporate as its exchange value plummets. It's value is in exchange and speculation. It resembles a stock more than a currency in terms of value proposition. 
The number of markets that accept and exchange exclusively Bitcoin is so minute... it's intrinsic value is almost nothing.
Just because I agree with Academics doesn't make me brainwashed. Money supply matters in a stablize an economy. Just ask post-war Russia, or Venezuela.
@_date: 2017-07-08 18:51:50
XD XD XD for any of you who care to actually care to study economics, the Fed is a critical pillar in stabilizing inflationary forces in the market. It's a critical piece of infrastructure for a stable currency. And any government that doesn't have its own fed has to tie its currency to a fixed exchange with another currency to maintain stability. [braces for downvotes] Source: Has economics degree
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:52:14
Well now you have my interest piqued. What other systems do you suggest? Would you really be willing to drop all the world's wealth into cryptocurrencies? That feels awfully unstable.
If we're still working in a world of national currencies, this is the economics law I was clumsily alluding to above: 