@_author: i-am-unbannable
@_date: 2015-11-03 19:16:46
[That's what I've said from day one]( Bitcoin is incredibly dangerous. That doesn't mean that it's not incredibly powerful however. Compare it to nuclear weapons for example. The world would be better off without nuclear weapons existing, but no powerful nation can afford not to have some. Thus nuclear weapons exist, whether we like it or not.
Bitcoin could still turn out to be a flop, but I think that's looking increasingly unlikely and even if it does fail, it will be replaced by some similar technology, as it simply delivers certain advantages for which a market exists.
Just consider the very simple example that you can now anonymously receive money, something that used to be incredibly difficult and led to many kidnappers getting caught who would otherwise go unpunished. [Bitcoin is already used for that purpose]( This is just beginning, and it's going to get far worse.
We now see software that uses cryptology to steal your personal documents, then demands Bitcoin before giving you access again. Anyone who thinks that Bitcoin is going to fail because it has no intrinsic value is welcome to explain to me how criminals could get away with these type of activities without Bitcoin. It can be used for many other purposes too, including tax evasion. 
As humans we completely miss the point when discussing whether Bitcoin is good or bad and whether the world will be better because of it. It's 19th century thinking to assume that we have control over technology, technology now has control over us. It's simply an inevitably that some sort of technology like this would pop up at some point and it's in our own best interest to prepare for it.
@_date: 2015-11-03 17:12:49
B-b-b-but my friends on and told me that Bitcoin is Ron Paul monopoly Tulip mania money with no intrinsic value and I should instead stick all my monies in the SP 500 and Uncle Sam's bonds that he will surely pay back because the economy is doing fantastic due to fracking and rich people buying each other's paintings!
@_date: 2015-11-03 18:11:00


The Chinese economy crashing is not a reason?