@_author: iamverybald
@_date: 2017-12-24 06:35:29
First, let me state that other redditors have informed me that BTC and the alts have tended to move together, and that I may have observed - and drawn hasty conclusions from - an irregular sampling period.  Without actually testing the data, I'll assume that is true.  Crypto noob here, full disclosure.  
But on to the larger point.  For the sake of argument, let's assume that my original observation was correct - that randomness has given way to strong correlation.
Certain stocks, seemingly unrelated, exhibit price movements that are strikingly similar.  Upon further investigation, you will find a couple similarities: high levels of institutional ownership, and similar fundamentals in a certain category.  This may include low price/book (value), high revenue growth and leverage (growth), high current ratio (conservative), etc.  It may be something unseen to the public, such as the level of correlation with a basket of stocks in a large fund.  Regardless, these factors mean that seemingly unrelated stocks work their way into the same models across the industry.  When the stock enters the model parameters for a certain number of days, it is purchased.  When it exits the parameters, it is sold.  Which leads to the correlation in price movements. 
If my initial assumption was correct, it implies that large sophisticated players now have enough data points to develop similar models for crypto, and are now trading coins based on the way they have been observed to interact with a portfolio of investments.  In other words, the models have converged and led to correlation.
I think the bigger question to be answered is, if the space is to be dominated by traders, doesn't that destroy the entire 'raisón d'etré' of cryptocurrency?  At this point, it's certainly not a legit currency if its high price volatility is a feature.*  One might call it a commodity, but at least real commodities have some use beyond their claim to scarcity.
There are so many big questions here.  I am by no means an expert on this.  Just trying to get a feel for how folks think we can get through this period of extreme volatility to the point where btc/crypto is functional.
@_date: 2017-12-24 00:14:21
Honestly I haven't tested the data, just something I've noticed over the past couple weeks.  Purely anecdotal at this point.  For a while, btc would drop just as the others gained.  Imo, due to retail speculators harvesting btc gains and moving to "cheaper" coins on the upswing.  The reason I posted is because I noticed a stark change.  Perhaps my time horizon is too short and you are correct.
@_date: 2017-12-23 23:52:48
I've noticed that in the last couple days, btc price movements have gone from negative correlation to almost perfect 1:1 correlation w/ respect to the altcoins.  In my world (equities and fixed income), this is indicative of institutional algorithmic/high-frequency trading taking over the crypto space.  If traders have taken over, what does this portend for btc and crypto as a legitimate store of value?  I have my own opinions but I would love to hear a rationale for how we get to the promised land of borderless unregulated currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 00:17:31
I'll put something more coherent out later tonight after the kiddos go to bed.
@_date: 2017-12-24 00:16:25
I will sit down later tonight and post a tighter explanation.  Or I might realize I'm full of shit.  This wouldn't be without precedent.