@_author: iamwndrknd
@_date: 2017-02-28 18:21:12
In a word, no. I use a Bitcoin ATM just about every day, sometimes even twice a day where I live. The main thing is, if you are interested in it, check your state's licensing laws concerning money transmission. Every state has a different set of laws, some of which, may require for you to obtain a money transmission license, which typically can cost a few hundred thousand dollars. You can usually find out this information via your respective states commissioner of banks, or your country's Treasury Dept.
However, most states are structured in such a way to where all you have to do is register yourself as an MSB with FinCEN. This process is entirely free. After that, you just have to obtain your machine, usually these cost about $5k on the cheap end, and already have built in identification scanners that verify IDs in real time to make your KYC (know your customer) process a breeze.
Just know that a major challenge with Bitcoin ATM operators, as with all Bitcoin related MSBs, is finding a bank that is willing to work with you and allow for you to store your assets. In most cases, they'll cite "risk," but ultimately, it's also cause you will be rendering a service that almost directly competes with theirs.
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2017-11-05 23:17:56
Agreed on this. 
Luckily where I live, operating within the Broker-Dealer MSB definition is not considered licensed money transmission activity. Just running an escrow service and arranging buyers and sellers, or holding money on behalf of a third party.
So, at least within the state of North Carolina, this service would be fine. Gotta love Republicans. 
But really and truly, finding out info on the buyer is not a hard feature to implement for verified sellers. It should be given automatically by the system, stored centrally by the system, and it should be easy to export for verified sellers.
Furthermore, if using dollars is such a BFD, use Tethers. Hell, make up your own token that gets instantly traded when people pay with a card, gets transferred, and cashed out in fiat? When sellers want to cash out, cash out the exchange token to dollars... Or issue a debit card. 