@_author: iangamewoof
@_date: 2016-04-22 04:06:46
FYI, Just added information about us hearing directly from Steam that the letter was sent by them to Devs and Publishers.
@_date: 2016-04-11 21:51:21
We long ago started taking adds and made a post on zapchain about it.
Our readership simply isn't big enough to survive off of that model at this time. I hope to return to it when possible.
@_date: 2016-04-21 16:06:03
Whois protected, meaning they don't want anyone to know who owns the site. Big red flag, stay away.
@_date: 2016-04-22 01:53:17
Hi guys, Ian from Coinjournal.net here.
I was able to independently confirm that the Steamworks developer forum does indeed have that post up.
 a bit more info is available here.
@_date: 2016-04-13 12:32:56
I do all the artwork for my articles. I don't mind if you use it, just so long as there is a link to my article somewhere in there. Thanks again.
@_date: 2016-04-22 04:04:25
I know this was covered by PCGamesN and The Merkle. This is new information, with comment from Valve itself.
@_date: 2016-04-11 21:52:03
Best response to any article I've written, ever.
I'm a sucker for OJ references.
@_date: 2016-04-12 18:16:02
Yo, can you at least link my article, seeing as you got the info and artwork from it?
@_date: 2015-12-27 16:26:37
I really, REALLY don't care about Reddit Karma, honestly, I'm not sure what it, or reddit gold for that matter, is supposed to do.
@_date: 2015-12-27 16:22:59
So, apparently you can go through life thinking a word means one thing, then use it and make yourself look like a complete idiot. That is what I did, but thanks for pointing it out to me, I have changed it to the more appropriate "exhibit A"
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:40:21
It is not like I am saying that he is a bitcoin advocate now, Just saying that it is nice to see his stance loosen a bit.
I still disagree with the BitLicense proposal, in both of its forms. I don't think regulation has no place in bitcoin, but would prefer if they let the market mature before they start mucking it all up with their "governmentness"
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:50:01
As a freelance writer who gets paid in Bitcoin, could I get paid using your merchant tools and skip on the 1% fee coinbase (or similar) charges when switching to fiat?
Can I keep a percentage in Bitcoin and a percentage in fiat while using the free plan?
@_date: 2014-09-15 12:58:35
Well, despite what some have said, that is half accurate, it depends on the state. In some states, yes.
In others, cops can use a loophole to use federal law to do the same thing, but its slightly more rare.
In any case, it is a serious problem.
@_date: 2014-05-04 18:38:24
People gave to Jonathan's card. Are starbucks customers more charitable than the bitcoin community? I think there is a chance you may be surprised.
Anyway, that is the point of an experiment, to challenge what we think as fact.
@_date: 2014-05-04 20:02:23
More donations and more withdraws so far. It seems one account, starting with 1KPNhm is taking all of the money out.
It doesn't appear that they are using any software that does it automatically, just someone checking every five minutes or so because the posting times have varied from 30 seconds after a deposit to 5 minutes.
Which is a shame, one person, purposefully trying to ruin this before it starts, only to gain a few cents.
@_date: 2014-07-29 03:57:02
TL;DR Code in wallet allowed the creator (or anyone with a wallet designed to) put whatever amount of money into a block and reward it to him or herself.
60BTC lost on Bittrex.
Rubycoin developer is attempting to hardfork, is NOT "adopting" the coin however.
Fifth coin to be revealed as scam in recent days on Bittrex, owner says site isn't designed to vet coins, things will likely continue to get past their security but they do their best.
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:22:56
I agree this isn't what Bitcoin is designed to fix or anything else. This experiment wasn't really a test of Bitcoin as an idea or a currency.
There is that whole scene in the movie Clerks where he leaves the  money on the counter when he is out of sight, and he explains to his girlfriend that in theory people don't often steal it because they figure they are being watched.
So what happens when people know they aren't being watched?
Well, apparently, someone takes the money, and they do it quickly. It'd be interesting to see how it would play out across the various alt communities, but I think if I did that myself, the accusations that I'm trying to scam something would only increase.
It does show the willingness of some people to throw a few cents down a virtual wishing well.
Maybe in a few days I'll come back and try to give some money to whoever can grab it before that guy. of course, I risk giving that guy more money, but screw it, if he needs 75 cents that badly, he (or she I guess) can have it.
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:31:14
Yes, I believe this is right.
I did expect this to happen. I just didn't expect it to so quickly. I figured it would take more than a minute for someone that greedy to gobble it up, but I think you are correct about the intrinsic value of bitcoin being based on futures in so many people's minds.
I suppose if BoA announces tomorrow that its opening a Bitcoin exchange, I'll be missing that little bit of Bitcoin I gave away. especially since that was all the bitcoin I had.
I really do need to get on buying a semi-serious amount. . .
next paycheck.
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:39:22
[Edit: Also, I would like to donate that kind of money to charity, but I don't have 1btc to donate, sorry.]
What about a giant multisig wallet?
Some sort of giant multisig wallet that anyone can put money into and 100 redditors control? then money could be distributed based on votes in some way. Maybe money could only be doled out if 50% of the people in it signed it over ti the agreed address?
Then have a campaign of sorts that determines what charity the money goes to? With 50% of the controlling population having to agree who it goes to?
Then as the pot gets bigger and bigger, pressure builds to find a charity to give to, until finally the goodwill conquers disagreeability, 50% of the keyholders agree on one charity/sob story and one lucky bitcoin address gets the money?
@_date: 2014-05-04 18:40:27
Quick update, someone did take the money, but then someone else put some money in.
@_date: 2014-12-11 05:23:07
tbh, I think Coindesk beat me by about half an hour, but for what it is worth
@_date: 2014-05-04 22:48:38
It did all go to one account to 1KPNhmTercmur1sb1J2S6CVz5nrxTQVeEc
So I don't know, think I should take it down before more people waste their money? or put a warning above and leave it up for the hell of it?
For the record, it received 0.0111 BTC at current time, including my first donation and then my second donation after the first outside donation (donation 1 and 3 were mine, for a total of .005 BTC). It all went to that one account, about $4.82.
It was worth a shot.
@_date: 2015-05-06 18:52:40
No, Bitcoin doesn't have any such thing.
Originally, the [CLAIMED] idea with Paycoin was to reward certain investors with a wallet that staked at 10% rather than the "normal" 5% which is still quite high for a currency, most successful Poof Of Stake coins are around 1% I believe (but someone correct me if I am wrong please). These 10% staking wallets, that could supposedly have their staking rates changed based on demand of Paycoin were called Prime Controllers. Probably because Josh thought it sounded cool.
Now, you have to keep in mind that the Paycoin community is devoid of real developers outside of the ones working for GAW and the Paycoin team. So no one was really checking the code. All most people cared about was when the $20 floor was going to come into effect (spoiler alert: never). When someone finally did look into it, it was revealed that some of the Prime Controllers were staking at 350% compounded interest. They were compounding several times a day and the estimates I saw put it at a total of 3500%. (I did not do the math to independently confirm that, but no one at Paycoin or GAW ever denied it).
So, after things were staking at that rate, they gave them the "gift" of moving the Prime Controllers down from 350% (or 3500%) to a slightly less insane 100%.
but as anyone with a basic understanding of economics will tell you, 100% inflation rate is still unsustainable.
@_date: 2014-09-17 21:00:59
I really like the art in this one.
@_date: 2015-05-06 18:19:12
To be fair, they got early attention from mainstream outlets, namely the Wall Street Journal.
That is what is often forgotten in this whole thing, Paycoin was many people's first experience with Cryptocurrencies. Not saying investors should be completely let off the hook for not doing their own research, but it's a new technology and they saw the profits of early Bitcoin adopters and WSJ made it look like a legitimate contender to the uninformed.
And a few people were brought kicking and screaming from promised cloud mining contracts that were never honored (well, Josh says they were.) So there is that too.
It wasn't just hapless souls who fall for anything, there were likely a lot of intelligent, honest people who just trusted the WSJ too much or trusted GAW the mining company. (which is still kind of gullible, but not as much as say, remaining XPY supporters)
I think it is a failure of all Crypto media that we didn't do more to warn the public earlier, myself included in that. Coinfire did great work, I like to think I did some good work, but much of it came too late for most investors.
Granted, I don't know how many of them would have read a site like CoinFire, CoinTelegraph or Miningpool. But we could have certainly done more.
My point is, not everyone scammed was just a mark waiting to happen.
@_date: 2014-07-29 03:59:44
I love how they just spell out how the guy did it. That isn't going to encourage other people to try it or anything.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:27:00
Wait, are you sure that version would be fictionalized?
(I kid, kind of)
@_date: 2015-01-16 03:31:21
Just want to point out that the dailydot got a few things wrong. Wired has a much better article.
The defense never said Karpeles ran the Silk Road. He may say that tomorrow, we don't know, the examination isn't over yet. Or he may just be pointing out that the DHS had internal conflicts in its investigation.
I don't write for Wired or anything, just as someone who does write, I hate to see shit articles get all the reddit attention while the reporter who actually did good work gets ignored.
 
@_date: 2015-01-07 20:30:54
just noticed i put 2014 in the date instead of 2015.
Ooops. Guess that was bound to happen once this year.
@_date: 2015-01-03 18:07:09
probably should have posted it there. I don't go there as often as here is most of the reason.
@_date: 2016-03-17 13:34:30
No, I don't think so. More likely, if Bitcoin increased in price we might see some US companies take an interest in mining it. I could see farms set up in Alaska or underground in the desert, but it would really have to go to the moon before anyone with the connections and cash to get that done will want to.
Modest gains are easier to obtain in China. For an example in China, even if you are paying above the national average, you can pay employees much less than you would need to in the US. There are many other (some larger) reasons for the move to China, but the bottom line is that their currency is devalued and so it is more attractive for both small to mid-sized companies and individuals there to extract what would be minor profits in the US.
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:35:26
This article is about a scam, what kind of convoluted logic are you using here?
Advertising a convention that someone is attending is not the same as advertising that person. I don't know of any Paycoin ads on Cointelegraph, just TNABC ads, and i see nothing wrong with that.
@_date: 2015-01-03 19:11:23
There isn't a single mention of CoinTelegraph in that medium article.
@_date: 2016-03-17 13:27:41
Doesn't mean it shouldn't be called out when we see it.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:18:57
I am writing a book about Bitcoin now, published by Skyhorse publishing in early 2016. There will be an entire chapter devoted to the biggest scams in cryptocurrency. Needless to say, there will be a huge section on Paycoin/GAW/Garza. Probably will rank right below Mt. Gox due to its early mainstream press, but there are some other very strong contenders for that number 2 spot.
@_date: 2015-01-02 17:28:59
there are issues with this article:
1) Facebook integration is only available to select users
2) Slack isn't available yet to anyone.
Rushed journalism
Here is the full story:
@_date: 2015-05-06 18:47:10
ah, understood :) Yeah, I agree.
@_date: 2014-05-05 05:17:22
True, using the word "scammer" was incorrect, it wasn't a scam at all. Greedhead is perhaps more apt
@_date: 2016-06-08 16:05:41
That is for one day, not for one week.
@_date: 2015-08-12 14:45:01
No, considering the amount of attention they were putting on CN coins at the time. Potentially debunking a popular accusation would have been worth mentioning.
@_date: 2015-08-06 23:56:55
I may not have explained that correctly. They asked me to investigate into accusations that Monero was mined exclusively (or almost exclusively) with malware powered botnets.
Instead, I found evidence that it was mostly mined with cloud computing. You can tell because the difficulty (at least around summer 2014) would mirror the prices at Amazon. When it went up, the difficulty went down and when it went down the difficulty went up.
When I tried to write that story, they killed it, so it never got published.
@_date: 2015-08-12 14:43:53
Hey, sorry for my late reply. I will be posting everything I have later today or tomorrow at the latest in a separate story.
@_date: 2015-08-17 19:58:09
Took about two seconds of googling.
@_date: 2015-08-06 23:53:25
Well, whatever man. I'll call a spade a spade. You can keep your head in the sand if you want.
When I asked them straight up if Bytecoin owned it, they said that it didn't but that they know the bytecoin developers. The Bytecoin developers were completely anonymous at that time.
Besides, back in 2014, they never asked me to write anything promo BESIDES THE BYTECOIN STUFF. Then, after I told them I wouldn't write promo under any circumstances any longer, they eventually brought in other middle managers and thats when you started seeing other suspicious posts and their advertising revenue skyrocket.
Bytecoin's market share is only 15,000 right now, so that certainly isn't where the funding comes from now.
But it is DEFINITELY where it came from to start.
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:51:06
That is the thing too, I don't know how many writers are aware of it. Often, I bet they get them to write that stuff, not knowing that the site has been paid for it. They are just passing them a "lead" or, so the writer thinks.
@_date: 2015-08-07 01:17:57
They stopped talking to me about anything like that once I told them in no uncertain terms that I had grown past writing copy.
@_date: 2015-08-17 23:14:46
No, that is not me.
@_date: 2015-08-04 12:54:17
Yes, it can go onto your credit/debit card or into your checking account. I believe with a credit card the limit before you start paying fees is lower and you may have to pay a fee to your bank. Withdraws to checking accounts are free up to 5,000 a week.
[looks like i was wrong, Circle response above is better]
@_date: 2015-08-07 00:01:05
oh shit, I guess you are right. read that comma as a . I guess.
Regardless, that doesn't really change anything.
@_date: 2015-08-07 02:22:35
You actually might be onto something about minergate though. A random middle manager asked me to like their Facebook page. For whatever that is worth.
You could be right that I am over assuming too much. But they did admit to knowing the true dev behind bytecoin at a time when no one was claiming to be.
@_date: 2015-08-17 21:30:00
 a little more on CT from me.
@_date: 2015-08-07 02:33:30
Well you are right in that it is only a theory. I never said that they were definitely owned by Bytecoin. I said I suspected as much, but I'm not sure of that. I hope you keep looking into it though, people should know who owns CoinTelegraph. Better yet, they should just come out and tell the truth.
What I am sure is that is where the funding came from early on.
Basically, for the zapchain.com question of where does CT get its funding from and who owns it, I'm answering one question and presenting a theory for the other.
I know it is confusing because the answer and theory are the same answer (bytecoin), and I probably didn't do the best job articulating that, I am a writer not a podcaster, so I was a bit out of my element.
@_date: 2015-08-19 13:41:59
So a few things. BlueMeanie is a well-known troll in crypto. If you look at his twitter profile it is just him either making fun of bitcoin or attacking people in crypto for no good reason.
I am hesitant to even respond to him, because that is how he gets his kicks. He follows people around the internet with his pants around his ankles and his dick in his hand, and when they turn around to respond to his stupid ass, he starts jerking it.
But, there is some pretty harsh accusations here, so I'll address them real quick, but then I have to go do some actual work.
(1) On Carlos, I didn't mention it in my medium piece because its already public knowledge and Carlos was on the run for years. He fooled a lot of people. For everything bad CoinTelegraph did, they didn't hire him knowing his past, he was using a fake name. None of us knew he was wanted until the day he got arrested.
So what does any of that have to do with CoinTelegraph's ownership or funding? It doesn't. The dude is in jail, likely for the rest of his life. He doesn't write for CoinTelegraph any longer. I don't see how that is important to the question of "who owns CoinTelegraph?"
(2) I never participated in any harassment of Bluemeanie, I talked ot him once on Skype to ask him for evidence about his accusations against NXT, but after realizing he was just a troll, I left him alone and moved on. I have never written about him, I didn't edit the one article that CoinTelegraph did write on him, and I have no idea why he thinks I am part of some grand conspiracy against him.
(3) I never participated in any kind of scam with NXT. I don't own any significant amount of any cryptocurrency besides Bitcoin. My NXT holdings topped out at around 20 bucks. I generally don't buy the altcoins I write about for two reasons: One, they are too risky, you need to depend on Bitcoin to succeed and then on top of that you also need the alt to succeed. And Two, I don't want any conflicts of interest. I normally only purchase a small amount ot test the system. Usually that is five or ten bucks. In the case of NXT it was a little higher because I wanted to test their asset exchange and so I wanted more to spread around, but it never was above 20 bucks.
Besides, people shouldn't take investment advice from my articles and I never presented them as such. My background is in Tech writing and I talk about them in a way that (hopefully) bridges the understanding from expert to layman.
Every time I wrote about NXT, I did it because I had a legitimate interest in their technology. CoinTelegraph never encouraged me to write about NXT. That isn't to say that they haven't collaborated together, I know there was a public contest they were a part of, but by that time they had stopped trusting me.
But, plenty of other crypto sites and journalists have ALSO written about NXT because their technology is interesting. Bluemeanie must have once felt this way because he was once an active member of their forum. That's where he became infamous, he has been a member of their forum since May 2014 and has over 600 posts there. His public NXT account 11274042109288826540 has had more that a million NXT pass through it. Yet I'm the one who participated in a ponzi scheme when I've never owned more than USD $20 in NXT.
On the BTER.com hack, I talked to NXT and I talked to BTER. The only person left to talk to was the hacker, and he wasn't going to speak to me. So I published that article with the best information I could find at the time.
I am no friend of BTER and heavily attacked them for the BitBay scandal, which I covered.
In any case, you'll notice he never posted a single shred of evidence to back up his ridiculous claims.
I was never rolling in money from cointelegraph. I doubt I ever made more than 8/hr working there. Writing is not a lucrative venture, especially when you start refusing to write copy as I did.
I don't know if he ever raised the question to me a year ago or not, but the fact of the matter is, I am poor as shit, and I wasn't in a position where I could throw away my only job. I'm sure Bluemeanie can just quit his job whenever he wants, what with 1million NXT stashed somewhere, but I can't. And besides, I don't normally respond to trolls who go around throwing false accusations.
As for me quitting now that it is going down. Well, I have chatlogs that can prove I was planning this for a while. In fact, the art you see on the medium post was originally going to be used on Cointelegraph's website itself, and I had it made up long before that post came out, but I decided that'd would have been too mean.
From what I have been told, pay has been coming on time ever since my madbitcoins interview. I don't buy the narrative that they are broke, they have just sucked money out of it and kept it for themselves. But now that they know what can happen when you treat your writers badly, I think (hope) they are wising up.
In any case, if you bothered to even look at my posting history, you'll notice that I hardly wrote for them anymore anyway. So their financial situation didn't really affect mine.
But, I do have a book deal, and the better thing for my career would have been to simply suck it up and promote it once it came out.
I didn't work at CoinTelegraph for years. I've worked there for 1.5 years.
Bluemeanie just wants attention. He had not talked to me in probably a year, maybe a little less, but he had hardly been hounding me with questions about CT. He just noticed that I was getting some attention, and decided he could maybe bring the spotlight on himself once again.
So, while Bluemeanie is talkign about me so much, lets talk a bit about him.
Here is his most recent tweet, where he says he wants bitcoin to die.
and here he is,  at the UROSE Conference (Urocoin) promoting Polychains SPOW, a non existent technology he was pushing at said conference.
Urocoin, if you are unaware, was a known scam that claimed to be a new revolutionary way to buy and sell Urea, a fertilizer. It was promoted as something to help third world farmers. Uro coin was supposed to be pegged to Urea.
It never came out and never had a chance of ever working, but they took a ton of investments from people and made a ton of money. Its creator Bohan Huang is now missing, its site is down and its foundation hasn't made a peep in months. People lost thousands of dollars in Uro.
Here is Bluemeanie talking at the Urocoin conference. He is credited as the creator of the non-existent technology that helped scam untold thousands of dollars out of investors who thought they were investing in something that would help poor third world farmers.
What is your connection with Urocoin, Josh?
As for if I "knew i was working for cointelegraph or not" That was the most confusing and bizarre conversation I have ever had (if you can call interacting with bluemeanie a conversation). He accused me of taking money from NXT, I said I don't take payment for articles, meaning i don't take the kind of payments he was talking about, and then he took that tweet out of context and said that I claimed not to be paid at all for my articles.
It was a pretty pathetic attempt to defame me and to this day I'm still not sure what he was accusing me of when he said I wasn't sure if I worked for CoinTelegraph or not.
I don't think I have ever written about Jl777 in an article, and quite honestly, I wouldn't buy his securities either. But you know who did back in the day? Bluemeanie.
My only connection to NXT is occasionally asking their unofficial press dude questions, as journalists tend to do, and a few posts on their forums asking questions of their community.
So, I guess, just take it as you will.
@_date: 2015-08-28 15:29:51
Man, are people downvoting this because they hate affirmative action or they hate my article that criticized it?
I'll never understand reddit.
@_date: 2015-08-04 14:53:32
Yeah, and where is Urocoin now?
Urose story was valid. We retracted the bit about the actor, but everything about it was still suspicious as hell. You guys are just mad that Diana didn't buy into what you were trying to sell her. She was the only journalist who bothered to show up to your conference and you failed to convince her, instead you all just creeped her the f out.
One example on how weird it was, virtually no one had business cards. Every expo i have attended as a journalist (both inside and outside of bitcoin) I left with a stack full of business cards.
And that Uro was a scam can be evidenced in the fact that no one is taking Urocoin for a ton of Urea nearly a year later, the Urocoin Foundation hasn't tweeted since February and Uro.io now links to an ebay seller with only 50% positive feedback.
As for Carlos, well, I can assure you no one knew of his past while he worked for CT (at least as far as I know). He had a new name and identity. CT probably could have done a better job looking into his background for sure, but it's not like they were eager to hire a pedophile.
@_date: 2015-08-04 19:27:48
the article was her experience at the conference, the only reason you care so much is because its pump and dump depended so heavily on the conference that Diana asked some tough questions about.
She was at the conference and wrote what she experienced. you weren't there and take the word of the guys who disappeared into the night with your money. I don't know if she got everything correct, but all she did was write her experience there, which stunk really bad. It probably would have been more accurate if they had been less secretive.
Was mentioning Joshua a good move in the article? Well, Urose saw it fit to put him in front of her for the show they put on for her, he was a major speaker at the event they invited her to, why WOULDN'T she cover it?
I don't know Diana outside of internet chats, but I'm pretty confident that if she got something wrong, it was an honest mistake, not a lie. It seems far more likely that lies would come from the people who disappeared with all that money, don't you think? They paid for Diana's flight and hotel. If she was a shill journalist, she would have written a fluff piece and gone home and gotten a pat on the back by the whole Uro community. Instead, she found out what she could, gave a fair account of what she saw, and asked a few tough questions.
And, btw, I have talked to other speakers at the event, that weren't Urocoin people. They told me the same thing. The conference was really strange.
Instead of thanking her for warning you of what was very much a scam, you try to blame everyone but your bad investment sense. Diana is one of the best journalists at CT and her work on Urose was great. And she never declared anything, she wrote her experience, and what she said wasn't even that bad, she mentioned all the positives from the conference. It was hardly a hit piece. But Uro had everything riding on that conference and they rolled out the red carpet for her expecting her to play ball. She didn't, she wrote what she saw, and then she got attacked viciously about it from the people she was trying to help.
Such is the life of a journalist who actually tries to do good.
I doubt Diana thought it was going to sink the currency, it just so happened that the "just wait until the Urose conference" was the only thing keeping that house of cards up. That should tell you all you need to know about the actual substance behind the coin.
Not sure why you threw in altcoinhearld in there, that is just a strawman argument.
If you were talking about the NXT asset exchange, I would say that it would be very relevant to analyze the projects by Jl777 and see if any of them are worth anything. In my short time checking out the NXT Asset Exchange, I didn't like what Jl777 was selling, but didn't find enough evidence, I felt, to constitute an article on it. I'm also not too sure about how many people are actually investing in it, sometimes giving something coverage when it is that small-time can have an undesired effect. Perhaps if I dug a little harder, but there are a thousand small-time scams in Crypto and a thousand more that are probably scams but it is extremely tough to prove.
Yesterday I got an email about some "revolutionary new currency" that has some link to the bible and the "1% have been using it for years, now you can too!" it is a complete scam. But would it really help the world to write about it?
Maybe what Jl777 is doing is as revolutionary as he likes to sell it, but I'm confused as to what exactly he is selling, other than repackaged stuff, and so that isn't a good sign. (disclaimer: I wouldn't say that in an article, just talking candidly. I haven't dug deep enough into Jl777 to say either way. I'm sure some supporter can point to some product he has actually created. I'm just saying he hasn't done enough to illustrate where the income comes from, do your own research.)
As for everything else CT does, I don't know or really care. I only write for them occasionally and have long ago stopped tried to influence editorial decisions there. I now write for other sites and only write for CT occasionally but I wash my hands of whatever they have been doing on the managerial end. I write articles and I check my sources and find my own leads. I know for a fact that I have made mistakes but I've always worked to the best of my ability and I don't have aims to do anything in life other than write, I don't have any other angles.
Whatever the other writers do is their business. I just try to shed light on scams and pay my rent. The only thing I control is what is under my byline.
I know most people don't pay attention to who writes what, but, I called on all media to stop accepting advertising dollars from Paycoin before the TNABC. That was when CT was still taking advertising dollars from GAW.
My suggestion is to start paying attention to who writes what and follow the writers that you identify as good journalists. There are some very well-meaning people in the industry, people who want to do nothing but expose the truth. They work at websites all around the web, but all anyone pays attention to is the logo at the top of the page.
As for Darkcoin instamine, well, I'm sure there are plenty of scams CT has missed. You were a journalism major once, perhaps you should write it up and submit it? If its legit, I can probably get it published somewhere for you, but it has to be legit.
I agree that the internet publishing industry, inside and outside of bitcoin, has something rotten to the core, and that is especially true inside bitcoin. Another model needs to be created, one without advertising or at the very least, without advertising related to Crypto. 
@_date: 2015-08-06 23:37:21
Hey everyone, sorry for my mumbling.
Anyway, I can confirm Bytecoin did fund CoinTelegraph at its early going. 
And pretty much every other CryptoNote coin besides Monero is from the same group. You'll notice CT pumped a lot of ducknote at one point.
Honestly, I highly doubt Harry Ullman is the actual Bytecoin developer. More likely, the person they put in front of Bytecoin when the whole "maybe it is satoshi's next project!" story didn't really fly.
I did lose the skype chat where they said "bytecoin is our coin" but I can post some evidence for you.
I mean man really, what motivation do I have to lie at this point?
@_date: 2015-08-29 17:05:38
Well, it may be that I simply didn't do a good enough job of illustrating my opinion, and that is on me as a writer.
My (attempted) point was that while it would be concerning if Bitcoin was always this white and this male, we shouldn't be concerned because this is the path that new technologies go down (ie internet)
But, the diversity will come, once we make Bitcoin more usable in third world countries.
I disagree with the giving free tickets to people based on their race and gender, but I just don't think they are bad people for doing so, and so that is what I was trying to say, they are just attempting to do something that I don't think will work and I think is misguided and there are better ways to accomplish.
I think giving away free tickets based on economic status, regardless of race or gender, would be a better way to go.
Those "free slaps for white males" people are horrible people though. Social Justice Warriors are the puritans of our day.
@_date: 2015-07-08 19:48:45
Well, it would be a biggish deal for people like me, who get paid in Bitcoin. My checking account is often lower than my Bitcoin account, and being able to pay right away would have been nice.
But I am in the small minority there, I am sure.
@_date: 2016-09-25 20:04:30
If you are going to watch unlicensed streams, you should just use Kodi and get them for free. Bitcoin doesn't need these kind of rip offs.
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:26:47
Here is mine, hopefully interesting.
@_date: 2015-04-27 22:27:58
I did.
@_date: 2015-04-28 04:39:32
Well, since my requests for comment were never answered, I guess here is as good of place as any to ask?
Okay, so lets say everything is exactly as you say it is, and the Prime Controllers are no longer and will no longer stake at 350% (or higher) and will instead stake at "only" 100%
With Paybase, Mineral, and every other Paycoin web wallet having issues, Cryptsy is one of the few remaining places (along with Bittrex and the Garza backed BTCLend) for people to hold their Paycoins outside of a QT client. So it is a safe assumption that you guys will be holding a large number of Paycoins.
Paycoins that you could get 100% interest on if you put them in the Prime Controller. Regardless of the price of Paycoin, inflation is inflation, and 100% inflation isn't a good thing.
So, can you please explain to me how this is healthy for the coin, the remaining investors or how it is ethical for an exchange to hold the creation mechanism for a coin?
Thank You,
@_date: 2015-04-25 14:22:47
if you don't see the issue with an exchange potentially getting 100 - 350% interest on all the XPY put into its system, I don't really know how to help you.
As the article notes, I have reached out to Cryptsy through both email and Twitter. I am waiting for their response.
@_date: 2015-04-10 04:09:30
I absolutely never had to do anything like that, and I make all of my money in Bitcoin and sell it on Circle every week.
@_date: 2015-09-18 18:24:27
"We have at least several more years of regulatory hell ahead of us"
Why? did someone break a mirror?
@_date: 2016-10-27 22:37:47
Barclays just shut down our account at CoinJournal
@_date: 2015-03-13 00:49:50
I know, me too. I tried to watch it recently and it was so painful
@_date: 2015-03-12 15:55:36
So, I wrote this article.
For the people who think this was kind of petty to attack another media organization. I hear you. I wasn't sure if I wanted to do it either.
However, I decided in the end that CD has a responsibility to help the ecosystem if they are going to so something besides just post news (news, of course, has only one obligation: the truth, regardless if it helps or hurts the ecosystem).
So, this is what I'm going to do. If/When (I'm sure it is when) CoinDesk Deals starts accepting Bitcoin, I will write an article about that as well.
Being able to use Bitcoin at Stacksocial while supporting a crypto media organization would be pretty cool IMO.
@_date: 2015-03-15 05:16:41
I asked Nitrogensports, but i can confirm they aren't doing anything special.
@_date: 2016-07-20 22:19:29
“Bitcoin is what I love and all I have. It’s my whole life. It’s what I’m on this earth to do, is to help the world see a financial system that does not discriminate and provide for corruption, and I think that bitcoin will do to money what e-mail did to the postal service. It allowed everyone to be equal. People in Africa, the Middle East, Asia, will have the same opportunities now with bitcoin, and because of this now, because you can move money instantly and information on a peer-to-peer system. And I think that’s really important. And if your Honor grants me that, I’d love to be back out there helping the world and making sure people don’t do stupid things like I did." -- Charlie Shrem, speaking to Judge Rakoff just before being sentenced to two years in prison.
@_date: 2015-02-27 18:08:10
This article is plagiarized from miningpool.co.uk
@_date: 2015-02-11 17:17:49
Ever see the ending scene in Requiem For a Dream? That is what he is going to ask you to do.
"Ass to Ass!"