@_author: iaskaquestiontoyou
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:07:59
Don't get me wrong, I like video games too and am totally going to get lost in Oculus Rift type stuff at some point.  That shit will be super cool.
But there really is no replacement for the real thing.  There are over 7 billion people in this world.  You happened to be born where you were and were raised in a particular way, but what's so so cool is that there are BILLIONS of people that were born just like you and I, but their daily life, their entire existence, their entire human experience is completely different!
Yeah, some people live in objectively downright "shitholes", and that really really sucks.  But so much of the world that you may think is like that, is really not!!  Medellin in particular is absolutely beautiful, and has developing parts that are more modern than many US/Western cities!  And that's just looking at the surface.  
The people there live in an entirely different culture with different sets of values, tastes in food, music, fun.  You may be able to get an idea of it by watching videos, or putting yourself in some sick simulator, but that can't compare to actually going there, immersing yourself with the people, speaking with the locals, seeing them smile back at you after you share a moment.
I used to be similar before I started traveling.  I thought I had an idea of what places and people were like, mostly from what I'd seen in movies or on the web.  And most people I talk to that haven't traveled seem to think that they have a good idea as well.  But let me tell you from a few years of experience traveling - you will learn so so much more by actually going and interacting with a place.  Being there and seeing the colors, smelling the air, walking the streets, eating the food, trying to adopt the culture.  It really isn't comparable.
Have I been to places that I regret going to?  Sure, but I've been surprised by places' hidden beauties far more times than not.
Oculus Rift will be frickin sweet, but there's no reason that you can't do both!
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:01:13
Try Pergamino for coffee if you haven't yet.  That shit is great.  (it's in Lleras)
PS be careful hitchhiking dude! 
@_date: 2014-12-25 06:58:24
Ho Ho Ho!!!
@_date: 2014-12-29 02:49:40
simplest answer!
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:07:04
Yup, avoid all the "shitholes".  Video games are all the life experience you need! /s
@_date: 2014-12-03 10:56:10
Totally agree that there's always been friction regarding online gambling.
And even now with Circle and coinbase, purchasing bitcoins is as simple as using a credit card.  Then they just need to learn how to transfer them to an address... and boom.  It's not that difficult ;)
@_date: 2015-01-09 06:00:45
it doesn't matter if it's necessarily those mined coins that are being sold to "new money"
it only needs to be anywhere in the bitcoin ecosystem since the 3600 is just daily inflation for the entire currency (that it has to "make up for")
@_date: 2015-07-19 18:16:04
thanks, got it
@_date: 2015-02-10 15:44:26
Most of the countries would implement similar laws.  How many countries currently allow international businesses to operate tax-free in their country?  Not many.  
You guys are all right in that sure, the company can always *exist* despite what governments do, but if you want to actually *operate* in the public in a civilized country nowadays, you are going to pay your taxes.
Why do these companies have to be tax-dodgers anyway?  Why can't they just pay their taxes?
@_date: 2015-02-09 17:01:51
Do me a favor and spell out the logic of how bitcoin is analogous to the internet or cell phones.  Please be detailed and use sound logic and anything 2-4 sentences in length is probably not sufficient.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:28:10
The US government would implement a ban on operating or transacting with that business.  It will push it to the underground where it may survive, and I guess if your idea of these companies was already underground, then that's fine.  But the idea of the US gov't allowing mainstream companies to just say "lol try to tax us and try to find our shareholders!" is laughable.  
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:41:06
People did immediately demand those once they reached the point where they were actually disruptive.  I would not describe the internet or personal computer of the 80s as disruptive.  But they were on that path (and nobody knew for certain)  Here we have bitcoin enthusiasts claiming that it will be disruptive. 
 The internet took a while because it was dog shit for the avg consumer, .  I'm not sure what you're talking about with cell phone, as those/car phones were making their way into peoples' pockets as soon as the tech was available and reasonable for a consumer.  Remember when everyone was using the huge clock phones?  And the analog phones with no screens?  That stuff was super raw tech compared to what we have now, and people were still buying it as soon as it was available for the consumer!
When the first smartphones came out, people actually needed those and it has taken a few years until now when most of the world has a smart phone in their pocket, but the people that could buy one were jumping on that ship as soon as it was there, because having the internet in your pocket was huuuge.  
As of right now, and this may change if something big and unforeseen happens in the future, causing people to actually need to hold on to bitcoin.  But right now there are tons of people who know about bitcoin but they don't need it so they don't buy any.  Fiat and existing systems work fine for 99.9% of transactions.  Is bitcoin an improvement in some areas?  Sure, it has its' niches.  But is it better than fiat in all cases?  Not even close.
And also, just because you mentioned three other technologies, does not mean that bitcoin has anything in common!!!  Where is the logic in that??  Explain to me why bitcoin should follow the same course as the cell phone.  Show me your work please.
@_date: 2015-02-09 16:56:20
I'm not doubting whether the protocol works.  I'm sure there is enough talent to keep it up and running.  The issues I was trying to touch on was that what about when there comes times when decisions have to be made about real changes in the parameters of the code?  Right now there is debate on the maximum block size.  In the future, it's almost certain that other stuff will come up, and then who is to decide?  
Like, for example, what if in the future it becomes obvious that halving the block size is terrible for bitcoin.  I actually would argue this to be true after a certain point - the 10% current inflation is really high, but if we get down to reward being 1BTC and then the tips, you can see how much growth is REQUIRED in order to maintain the same network/hashrate (which follows miners' reward)  Currently at a $220 coin and 25BTC reward, miners are given $5500 (in fiat pricing) every ~10 minutes, plus around 50-100 dollars in tips (negligible currently).  To keep the same network hashrate (mining power working for that reward), 1BTC+tips must ~= $5500.  If for some reason by the time reward got that size and coins were ONLY $500 coin for example, the hashrate would drop to ~1/10 (for simplicity) of what it is today.
So if we ever have to change any part of the protocol, who has the say in it?
  There will probably be some committee appointed, and then boom, centralization.
@_date: 2015-02-08 20:58:01
It is turning that way lately.
Everyone seems to think that decentralization will give them some invincible shield to do anything and the government can't have a say.
Just because you can compare it to file sharing and the internet, does not mean it is identical to those technologies.
Just because it had a period of large growth in the past, that could actually look pretty using a logarithmic scale, does not mean that bitcoin's growth has anything inherently exponential.  
Bitcoin is not nearly as disruptive as people think it is.  If it was, the general public would have an immediate demand for it.  Even the disruptive cases and new tech (smart contracts, property deeds, remittances, etc) either don't cause any increased demand for bitcoins or very little (maybe people holding a few coins extra to fulfill these services).  If I can hold the titles to my house and car with 2 satoshis, how will this make the price of bitcoin increase?
And now that mining has become an industry with profiteers instead of enthusiasts, price, new bitcoins demanded, and hashrate are correlated, and neither can outpace the other going up or down without it causing strain on the system.  If price magically spikes to $1000 tonight, then unless new bitcoins demanded per month increases to 3600 * 30 * 1000 = $108 million per month, then mining will have a negative pull on the price until the equilibrium price will be found.
Not to mention the fact that the whole "Bitcoin New World Order", in the case that incumbent currencies and governments lose the battle vs bitcoin (Extremely likely scenario IMO) then the current bitcoin rich will become the new filthy wealthy elites, leaving those who are slow on the bitcoin train to be the poor.  Seems like a good solution to the current issue of wealth disparity /s
I mean, that is what the entire sell of Bitcoin is- to sell someone an idea that is "as big as the internet" and make some silly analogy to the amount of gold in the world, or to the market cap of Apple.  And why am I to believe that these new guys that are controlling the system (Bitcoin foundation, core developers, miners) are any better educated than the current economists?  Just because most of them are CS whizzes and share similar political views does not make them qualified.
@_date: 2015-02-15 20:36:48
You're right, adoption especially in remittance heavy countries should and hopefully will get there.  My issue is that I am speaking about whether this will have a positive impact on price.  I just don't see any real adoption yet in those countries.  I think it could take a while, and hopefully, if I'm paying attention I can jump in on the upswing, but until I see anything concrete I'm staying out.
@_date: 2015-02-14 08:28:15
but he was talking about yearly used amounts, not market caps
@_date: 2015-02-08 21:18:42
A government will pass a law stating it illegal to operate or purchase from such a business.  
Who is going to open up a company with high hopes for good business in a situation like that?  Perhaps black market or fringe type businesses, but they're probably not paying taxes anyway, so woohoo.
Now if autonomous companies produce new tech that is advantageous, and should be utilized, then it should certainly exist.  I hope it has the ability to pay taxes though, or it will be shut down and exist only on black markets.
@_date: 2015-02-14 08:23:48
Your paragraph at the end where users use bitcoin on both ends describes some world-wide adoption, where people in the big 3rd world remittance countries hold and spend bitcoins regularly.  Feel free to speculate on how long that will take.  Until then, the remittance model is fiat&gt;btc&gt;fiat.
@_date: 2015-02-08 20:42:03
Which government will allow these untaxable, unaccountable companies to exist?