@_author: iaxiomi
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:47:32
I wonder how she would feel if somebody published her home address, phone number, licence plates and similar info. And also the same for her bosses. Maybe that would be a valid lesson. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:56:57
I think that for most part people can't thing that he's THE Satoshi because of the way he looks.
This guy is incredibly smart, jobless and lives with his mother!!!
I'm not saying that SN is THE SN, but these kind of discussions make as much sence as MtGox discussions. 
We won't know anything until we have some real proofs.
Ffs, this man graduated in physics and worked as engineer on some secret government projects for a fact. Stop comparing him to your local neighborhood cat lady.
@_date: 2014-11-29 14:00:27
LOL. This thread is weird for multiple reasons. (It has a weird mixture of good/bad)
 
First, this is obviously a commercial.
Second, I don't like the guy not being sincere about it.
Third, the project is actually good for community (the more bitcoin projects the better).
Fourth, I'm also a "lurker" of this community, I usually read it, and comment only when I'm super annoyed and nobody expressed my opinion already (so I don't spam).
Fifth, I am investing all my spare time to work on a project that uses a bitcoin as a vital component, and like this guy, I was planning to draw some attention to it using this community when I'll have something that I can demonstrate publicly.
I also need tons of advice regarding security (yes I read OWASP, bitcoind/BitcoinArmory source code, Andreas, reddit, papers, google about it, will only use cold wallet, and my hot wallet will always contain 0 BTC), but bitcoin is tricky. You have all other people's money trusted by few random numbers that you can't allow anyone to see, otherwise they have all your money.
I want to avoid at all cost videos with my name like this  :) (yeah, a friend of mine lost coins there)
One part why I'm writing this comment is to prove that I really am lurking this community (because from your comments, that could be beneficial to me in future :), and other one is to ask:
     
Do you guys recommend some url/forum/group somewhere where I could
      
* ask for advice regarding security and bitcoin, and share my experience
* have contact with other people who are also working on "startup" (I hate the word "startup") bitcoin projects also to ask for their experiences
* ask legal advices (local or international) - I can develop the project, but currently don't have money to buy expensive international law lawyers, and I can get f... easily in that way. Well ok, I can buy some of their time, but finding one in Croatia that can help me with bitcoin issues seems to be impossible for me. Not to mention that I can't even get a clear opinion from Croatian Ministry of finance regarding bitcoin.
* advertise my project when time comes (and not in a dishonest way like this guy), since I obviously don't have resources to launch huge campaigns, except Google adwords and see where that will get me :)
* yes, if you are wondering, we are neighbors with Slovenia (Bitstamp is owned by Slovenians), and near Bulgaria (BTC-e is there), and yes, we are envious of them :)))
* no, I'm not making another exchange like our neighbors :), we have enough of them here
* hell, if somebody from Bitstamp or BTC-e want's to help me, we are envious, but not stupid :))), so please take that as a compliment
I got a feeling that this community is more news oriented (and I have huge benefits from reading comments here, and huge amount of smart people, and sometimes trolls, comments here), but I do need the other things also, so any suggestion is welcome.
Google says that there are 23,400,000 results when you type bitcoin forum, so where would you go in my situation?
This is way too long post, so I can write anything I want here about TLDR guys, but since I'm also one of them, I'll pass.
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:25:35
Holy shit.
Take a look at 
There Mark speaks about his ssh implementation.
Take a look at comments.
 by Nanashi on 2010/06/28 - 05:41
Congratulations, you have made the least secure implementation ever. Even your D-H key exchange has several well known vulnerabilities.
The email address of hacker is nanashi___
Who the fuck is nanashi?