@_author: ibitdeals
@_date: 2014-07-31 22:26:32
My time is valuable and I have deadlines, so when I email them and say I want to do this and they respond quick, then when there's a messup it's like 5 hours now, so yeah I'm reacting, just talked to the companies editorial team to bang BP in our news division too.
Very simple thing this is, item price button forward to this page for download.
THEY CANNOT DO IT
Neither can coinbase but cb at least admits they can't do it.
BP says yeah use this, then they lose the transaction?
So maybe I save another merchant from a day or two trying to get BP to do a simple trans site with BP. THEY STINK
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:12:08
His pic is in the book and this is the main one he uses
More disinfo, but the rag article does show the judge called him brilliant
too funny
the cia/nsa disinfo bots on reddit are working over time now
Let's see
 his famous site
 his biz books
 his network
 his mediation techniques
 his new book
 his books
Ever hear of ENISA the euro network security system 
founded 10 years ago
Yet 20 years ago Sollog released his ENNISA formula for PRIMES
So 1995 Sollog is releasing Prime Number Algorithm formula calling it ENNISA and now the main crypto org in Europe is ENISA
Face it the top geeks in crypto pay homage to him and his ideas
He is light years ahead of every one
Now you say he can't predict the future huh
911 DIRECT HIT
Here's the moron Altman at city paper laughing at Sollog on 9/11/1997 over his terrorism warning for NYC
wow FOUR YEARS to the date for 911
LAUGH NOW
the guy is a genius
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:15:06
Well researched article, puts out little known info about the inner group in control of bitcoin.
a. satoshi main figure no one admits to knowing
b. gavin andresen takes control in 2012 of the core and sets policy such as fees
c. gavin now public figurehead of bitcoin an alleged decentralized currency that has complete centralized control, definitely smells like an intelligence project.
So either Gavin is delusional and created 'satoshi' and curbed him in the 2012 public spat as the article says, freeing bitcoin from the 'mystery' of who is satoshi, really Gavin, or Gavin is the public dupe as the article puts forth being the new public face of a CIA project where no one has ever seen Satoshi.
Sounds like a spy book not real life, but that is the 'history' of Bitcoin that is now valued at 8 Billion dollars.
So Satoshi is the creation of either Gavin or the CIA.
Or you can just buy the 'story' of Satoshi a guy no one ever seen in person, that's a CIA textbook project to some.
But overall, the articles writer suggests the actual Bitcoin idea is pretty good and with some public over sight groups as to public discussion by major programmers as to the actual core now in control of Gavin makes 100% sense to anyone with a financial interest in Bitcoin. You can't have it's core controlled by so few people as it is now controlled.
The whole thing reeks of Plausible deniability for the CIA if they created Satoshi.
@_date: 2014-07-31 22:10:41
I heard that before on BCT about how the whitepaper mentioned if an economy grew too big for only 2.4 Quadtrillion units the core could add a decimal move if needed, so that idea has been around for potential huge growth. I read the whitepaper, but don't remember that part of it, but I do remember someone in BCT saying same thing as OP. He knows his btc. 
@_date: 2014-08-04 17:52:36
btc.com just sold for 1.1M
so good chance to pick up a nice btc or bitcoin domain
nice list
@_date: 2014-08-04 19:04:22
As Clinton said in his Lewinsky deposition
Well it depends on what your definition of IS, IS.
The goddess cult of all NWO folks.
Now 
That's the future of crypto
It uses the new math from
Greek for ABOVE THE CLOUD(s)
The ancient root of ether is AITHRE
@_date: 2014-07-31 23:10:25
No .0002 the 10 cent deals Satoshi envisioned would fuel btc as a low cost transaction currency.
@_date: 2014-07-31 21:24:32
Did you read the CRS report to Congress? They have no clue as to the velocity of currency the OP is speaking about.
So the US Gov is way behind the game on btc if you understand how the CRS makes policy of the US gov basically.
OP is truly a 'visionary' as he says.
@_date: 2014-08-04 13:14:34
Dear CLUELESS the OP is saying K1 uses P and Q generators that came from NIST that came from NSA/CIA, so the group that created the P and Q and knows if there is a relational link between the two, has the short cut to decypher all K1 transactions.
That's how they did it with R1, not used by bitcoin.
R1 used P and Q seed generators from NIST that came from THE CIA/NSA.
The same group that gave them K1's P and Q seed numbers.
So you need to be asking the nsa/cia to give you the answer clueless.
The NSA/CIA is using ENNISA to created encryption keys just like ENISA in Europe was built on ENNISA theory as well.
ENNISA released in 1995, by a guy named ENNIS now known as ADONI, and now ADONI the guy that unleashed ENNISA aka ENNIS is unleashing AITHRE
A whole new type of computer math to do NEW ENCRYPTION ALGORITHMS that no human can.
So modern encryption that relied on NIST to get seed generators is now exposed as worthless.
The groups creating P and Q seed numbers are all intelligence groups running ENNISA.
How do you like it that every bitcoin transaction you've done is open to the feds.
Bitcoin is an intelligence project
Now look in the mirror and say COGNITIVE DISONANCE, you suffer from it.
@_date: 2014-08-02 16:43:22
Looks like you are all CIA bots
NAKAMOTO = Central in Japanese
SATOSHI = INTELLIGENCE
Anyone holding bitcoin is holding CIACOIN
You've all been conned by the CIA
CIA PROJECT = BITCOIN
Even the mystery name person that released it says CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE
Watch all the big tech companies DUMP BITCOIN soon
It won't have any value since the article did DESTROY BITCOIN TRUST FACTOR
Now if you want to invest in CIA COIN by all means buy bitcoin, but if you have half of a brain the SATOSHI NAKAMOTO NAME means CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE
Now go ahead CIA bots keep slamming the TRUTH
Let the games begin...
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:08:30
Interesting you left out the next few bits of info, and any search verifies he has SIX US SUPREME COURT CASES over his false imprisonment in the USA. Here's what Aussiehash left out.
I have six cites in the United States Supreme Court challenging the illegal imprisonment I endured in US Prisons over false cases involving an alleged 1987 arrest for something I PROVED was manufactured by the US Government. I have been exonerated in an International Court for the false charges the US government levied upon me. I have also beaten cases in the US Federal Court system over my writings deemed by the Secret Service to be threats that the US courts ruled were protected FREE SPEECH and RELIGIOUS WRITINGS.
I have won a 100 TRILLION DOLLAR JUDGMENT against the US government for their false arrests, harassment and torture I endured and for the US government wasting FIVE YEARS of my life in their prison systems to silence me and my warnings about the future.
So my work has resulted in false prosecutions by the US Government and its various Intelligence Organizations.
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:29:16
dude you personify the thread a real BITCOIN DUMMY haha
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:46:13
Probably NSA pointing to CIA IMO, but it was a clear point to an Intelligence Agency.
The issue of why btc core stayed away from the 'general encryption algorithm' used by almost everyone shows it was known to the creator of btc 'satoshi', that the general encryption algorithm used by almost everyone was cracked by the NSA/CIA, so maybe a disgruntled Intelligence guy/girl with insider US Intelligence knowledge, a lone-wolf type of thing, or a brazen disinfo pointer by NSA at the CIA?
So that info, the lead to Austin TX a major hotspot of nsa/cia ops since as the work says the new book humanizing Satoshi is from Austin TX or spookville central due to BR Inman connection to where the new Satoshi book emanates from.
It makes Bitcoin look like a spy novel rather than a real world event. Interesting to say the least.
Now the CIA/NSA bots that run Reddit are going wild. haha 
INTERESTING to say the leaset.
The book is just info for the public to digest and decide can btc be trusted now? 
I think I'll stick to nuke dollars based by the USA, you know the USD and their 10K plus icbm's that police the world.
Crypto may be the coming global currency, but right now a big shadow of suspicion has been cast IMO over bitcoin.
And YES it is a huge red flag as to why Satoshi would so plainly point to the CIA.
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:58:00
why would he mention the r1 vs k1 info? only crypto geeks would know that, so for mass consumer consumption he addressed the r1 vs k1 issue with this right
In 2013 a major CIA LEAK was made about encryption thanks to Wikileaks in which the world was informed the main encryption algorithm used by most of the world in digital transaction was cracked years ago by the CIA/NSA group. From the beginning of the Satoshi Project other cryptographers noted how it was ODD that Satoshi would use a variant of the acceptable way to encrypt things. Years later the fact that Satoshi didn’t use the encryption algorithm the CIA/NSA had already cracked, shows absolute INSIDE INTELLIGENCE knowledge only known within NSA/CIA circles.
The first release of bitcoin core was not open source it was a compiled windows exe file, hardly 'open' 
Here's Satoshi advising the community to stay away from wikileaks
Seems he was 'afraid' of being connected to them, LOL, or I guess the cia/nsa didn't want wikileaks using their network in reality.
anyway, it shows the whole mystery of bitcoin is more of a mystery than any thought and it has intelligence community all over it, from Satoshi choosing K1 not R1, years later R1 the common way to do such things was exposed by wikileads as cracked by the nsa/cia group, then the public worry over having bitcoin assoicated to wikileaks, then the name, now the book pointing to bobby ray inman ops, sure looks like btc was created by cia/nsa and they thought the world was too stupid to find the fingerprints, or it's a rogue lone-wolf guy/girl with inside intelligence knowledge.
@_date: 2014-08-04 13:03:05
All modern encryption is using P and Q couplets as the base of their random generation couplets and these seed numbers are distributed via NIST and it is know the NSA/CIA supplied NIST with the new huge seed numbers now used. The Silk Road case will soon expose the K1 encryption in Bitcoin is cracked by the CIA/NSA just like the R1 encryption was cracked.
Wikileaks exposed R1 was cracked, the silk road case shows K1 is cracked too.
Both K1 and R1 couplets of P and Q the heart of both number generations came from NIST and NIST gets them from the NSA/CIA using work based on ENNISA from 1995 and now you have europe securing itself with ENISA.
These names are very real and have been on the net for 20 years, now the public can see what happened in 1995 when ENNISA got released to the public saying.
ALL YOUR ENCRYPTION IS NOW DESTROYED
It's a simple formula that may have been understood in ancient times that proves primes are not random they follow a 90mod algorithm.
Encryption based on false assumption, primes are random and the P and Q numbers are supposed to not have understood relationships, when you understand how to create P and Q numbers that work using the Ennisa dispersement waves for primes, bang, you hold the keys to all encryption.
A huge 100 page motion was just filed in the silk road case explaining how Bitcoin and all encryption is cracked and how the base search of silk road was done through an illegal search of silk road transactions leading to the iceland server and it was only possible with the feds having the keys to bitcoin.
Oh, proof cia/nsa created bitcoin
Satoshi Nakamoto is how you say CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE in Japanese.
Now if you don't believe this look in the MIRROR, the face you see suffers from COGNITIVE RESONANCE, that means your core beliefs are false and faced with that truth you deny your beliefs are not false.
You believe encryption is secure, a false belief, ENNISA destroyed it in 1995.
You believe the government wouldn't do covert stuff like create bitcoin to spy, they do and did, Satoshi Nakamoto means CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE.
You believe Bitcoin has value, it has none now that the public and corporate trust will have no trust in it, it is worthless.
The future of encryption has nothing to do with base 10 math and primes, the math that will run the future of SECURE TRANSACTIONS is called AITHRE
Now you want to tell me europes encryption network isn't named ENISA?
You want to tell me the ENNISA prime algorithm released in 1995 isn't the heart of it.
You want to tell me the Feds aren't using ENNISA to locate the P and Q numbers that are the seed numbers in every major modern encryption formula.
You want to tell me AITHRE isn't real?
It's real
ENNISA is now very public knowledge and most missed it in 1995, but it was launched in 1995 and the CIA/NSA grabbed it and built super computer programs to do one thing, find the seed couplets for modern encryption and then they gave them to NIST and the rest is history.
THERE IS NOW SUCH THING AS A SECURE DIGITAL SIGNATURE NOW
THE NSA/CIA CONTROLS IT ALL
You need to go to your bank and start demanding CASH if you want to be anonymous, all digital transactions are known and none are secure.
When you can use AITHRE then it will be secure.
@_date: 2014-07-31 21:35:16
It's already been 1200 USD, so 1K was reached and if the OP is right, soon the volume of users of bitcoin will push it to a minor percentage of GWP. .1% is not unbelievable as to how far btc can go, so his 5K prediction is not far fetched. But if I told you myself say in 2012 btc would hit 100 then 1000, you would say give me some of that stuff you are smoking, yet it did. So despite the ups/downs of the ride, the long term charts do support his opinions. He sure knows a lot, computers, big macro economy numbers. Interesting thread and I love some of his ideas and links.
@_date: 2014-08-03 17:10:15
Check out the authors link, lots of books on Amazon and all are 100 to 200 bucks, this is his cheapest work, and his other books have sales at astronomical prices!
Oh, some of the more expensive books state search the net it's only so much since amazon charges 65% commission above 9.99.
So the guy gets big bucks for his work on seo, domain names, ebook marketing and whatever else he writes about.
$9.99 is a huge discount compared to his other work.
Anyway, I browsed through the 31 or so free pages, interesting info, Natamoto Satoshi is indeed Japanese for Central Intelligence.
@_date: 2014-08-06 16:56:49
So you like having cia coin?
Do you really think Nakamoto Satoshi isn't Japanese for CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE.
So you want the CIA doing your banking now, huh?
WOW so many morons in the world.
I'm gonna create a coin, make it say ASSHOLE in Japanese, and then it will explode in value since everyone has an ASSHOLE.
@_date: 2014-08-03 21:05:33
It's not loose, 
nakamoto is a central point or a middle section of something CENTRAL
satoshi always refers to intelligence
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE is nakamoto satoshi
case closed its a CIA/NSA project
plus the use of the K1 variant of R1 encryption before wikileads blew the whistle of R1 that everyone was using being cracked by NSA/CIA shows that the satoshi group had direct knowledge that the encryption being used by the world R1 not K1 was cracked.
Then the new book on Satoshi coming out of Austin TX the home of chief spook Bobby Ray Inman is the final nail in the coffin of btc.
Bitcoin is about to CRASH and burn.
Expect overstock, dell and expedia to drop it within the month and probably within the week.
No way will any tech company now take bitcoin
Bitcoin is done
Now what will be the next crypto without any intelligence group connected to it?
Seems all encryption is flawed according to the ENNISA formula by Dr. Sol Adoni
So a whole new level of encryption not using base 10 math needs to be created.
The achilles heal of modern crypto is the P and Q numbers that the ENNISA Formula easily generates and its been on the net since 1995.
Since it was released by Dr Adoni you had the NSA releasing elliptic P and Q numbers for 'safe encryption, knowing it is wide open to them.
Then you have the adoption of ENNISA by ENISA in europe
So bitcoin was destroyed by Dr Adoni the same person that destroyed all modern encryption in 1995 with his ENNISA formula.
GET HIS BOOK before you get burned by CIA COIN known as bitcoin
