@_author: iboughtbitcoin
@_date: 2017-09-23 19:17:30
Throw away because I invested a *lot* of my earnings into BCH recently. I first heard about bitcoin in college. Free money you can make with your PC graphics card. I thought it was neat. Since then, I haven't thought about it much except in two places. When Bitcoin hit $1k in 2013, and then 4-5 months ago when all these puzzle pieces starting coming together. My decision to purchase happened rather quickly after I got the whole picture. 
A lunch, I would go to my local mall's food court. Every day, I'd walk by these stack of atms. I only paid attention to the Wells Fargo, as that was and is currently my bank. I'd always notice something if those atm's changed. And one did: to a Bitcoin atm. 
WTF? Bitcoin, really? Ok. That's neat. Ate lunch. Back to work. 
Every other day or so I'd walk by. I was just curious about how Bitcoin was able to survive that long. Since there's this one atm at my mall I thought, surly, there must be more out there? Someone's building these $10k machines to dispense out coins.. hmmm. 
At the time, I didn't really pay much attention to it. I just said that's cool, and moved one. A few months later and i'm interested in buying a graphic card for my PC. I head over to Fry's and i'm like, finally i'm doing well enough in my career to get a gtx1080ti. Wooo!
But something was weird. I had been to this Fry's many times before. This time, I didn't see the GFX cards on the shelves. So I asked the Fry's guy where were they were? 
"Oh, they're all sold out." Wait... What?! All of them? Yeah. *all of them*. What are people buying them for? Bitcoin miners. Huh.. that's neat I thought. "Yeah, the one lady came in a bought 4 gtx1070s just to mine Bitcoin. Weird.. 
Fry's had to change their return policy on GFX cards and limited customer purchases. This was bigger than what I had thought before. Yet, I brushed it off and went about my day, thinking it was some sort of fluke.
But I seeing that bitcoin atm from months ago. At that moment, Bitcoin became.. for lack of a better word, real. 
I wasn't until Bitcoin hit 4k, that I began to take serious interest. I started learning all I could about Crypo, the Block Chain, etc.. The usual stuff. Then I actually checked out news articles from the time bitcoin hit it's all time highs in October 2013. The US government shutdown over the Affordable Healthcare Act, and JPMorgan Chase being fined 13 Billion dollars for mis-representing mortgage backed securities. 
Then I checked who's backing or working with Bitcoin? [Fucking LOTS!]( And more companies keep joining up, everyday.
The tipping point was when I noticed newegg took Bitcoin payments. And Coinbase worked with DishNetwork to provide payments. So I signed up for Coinbase and it was easy, convenient, and I could half-ass understand how it all worked. 
I had never made a purchase with Bitcoin yet at this point. I just saw it's potential with making lots of fiat money for me. But as highly recommended by lots of folks on r/Bitcoin, you don't own your BCH unless you own your private keys. 
So Ironically, my first Bitcoin purchase was a Ledger Blue Hardware wallet. It was really, *really* easy to make that purchase. Paying my normal bills is now more of a cumbersome process comparatively. 
As the saying goes, never put in more than you can afford to loose. The way I see it, putting 18k into buying Bitcoin is either going to be a smart move or not for me. I think it's a smart move because i'm the kind of person that's gonna Hodl for at least 5-10 years. I treat it the same as I would with any index fund. Let's see where this goes right? 
