@_author: ibwtofficial
@_date: 2014-07-11 11:39:25
Mail/no bank funding/services currently only available for those in the UK only.
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:24:35
There are often tales of bitcoin being stolen through web wallets and service providers, the most recently unfortunately being blockchain.info. The IBWT team would like to remind our customers, that though we are small, we take security very seriously, no coins can be withdrawn from our platform without specific human interaction from our admin team. 
With IBWT you have your password, email 2fa, optional google authenticator 2fa, confirmation that you want your coins withdrawn (password again), and then admin approval.
@_date: 2014-12-15 11:21:43
At IBWT ( a small digital currency exchange, that can be used as a web wallet), we use enforced email 2fa, with optional google authenticator (chosen in settings), then (for coin withdrawal), customers need to confirm (via email), then verify their password, then it needs admin verification.
As a customer, you could have your 2fa on your email account that your email 2fa gets sent to, have this account linked to 1 phone and have your google authenticator setup on a 2nd phone. Or just the email access via your desktop/laptop and google auth on your phone.
We are a bit anal about security, but we would rather customers have 2fa and lots of security and no coins stolen, than just a password access and coins stolen. We also put a very high % in cold storage.
Disclaimer: We should not be used as a wallet to shop from, due to our security processes.
@_date: 2015-04-27 09:23:40


That is what we do at IBWT - 
@_date: 2015-03-15 17:09:02
If you are in the UK;
Create account (only email needed) &gt; make a deposit request &gt; send £5 in the post (Royal Mail) &gt; Buy bitcoin (then withdraw if you wish, no extra ID required).
There are roughly 45,000+ post boxes in the UK.
@_date: 2013-09-26 19:59:37
The summary of the discussions was;
Bitcoin exchanges do not (currently) require to register as an MSB (this is for a variety of reasons that we are not at liberty to go into, though we asked HMRC to publicly state their decision, hence suggesting you send an FOI, as you do not believe us, so you should clearly check for yourself).
They also do not require to register under FCA, for the same reasons.
Regulations may (and will likely) change at some point. When they do, IBWT will be informed by the relevant bodies and will register under the specific new regulations.
Our discussions with FCA and HMRC were specifically to do with 'Virtual Currency Exchanges', in particular 'Bitcoin Exchanges' (though we currently only trade in btc, we will be expanding to litecoin and other viable altcoins).
If the issue still bothers you, we encourage you to inquire at HMRC, FCA and HM Treasury. Or whichever one takes your fancy.
We are thankful for your concerns, and hope you help us in encouraging the UK government to be more publicly open about their current discussions with regard to Bitcoin and the emerging related digital economy.
All this information is on the IBWT exchange and our facebook media outlet.
You are welcome to hold to your opinion, but again, we do strongly encourage you to check with the relevant official governmental bodies.
@_date: 2013-09-26 20:40:49
We encourage you to use our services and see for yourself :)
@_date: 2013-09-26 20:13:46
It is impossible (as far as we know) for a bank to operate accounts without regulation under FCA. Yes, our banking partner is registered under FCA.
@_date: 2013-09-27 22:30:48
You can find all the relevant information, and on our UK Government interaction that we can disclose here;


It is UK Government policy that dictates what is confidential and what can be revealed (we would very much prefer to tell everyone, and requested that, but were denied). We have already stated this.
Yes we have a business account, yes our banking partner is aware.
Yes, GBP is a recognised currency. An MSB is only required when you transact from one currency to another. I am sorry we can not go into more detail.
Bitcoin/Virtual Currency Exchanges, within the United Kingdom, do not (currently) have to register as an MSB. We have tried stating this numerous times.
We will just have to agree to disagree and trust in our own sources.
@_date: 2013-09-26 18:04:27
We couldn't agree more!
@_date: 2013-09-26 15:28:44
1. Because of company policy and confidentiality, we are not at liberty to discuss our banking partner in detail. However, having said that, we are sure that someone will figure it out sooner or later and then we will happily tell everyone.
2. Yes we use the Faster Payments system.
3. After extensive communication with FCA, HMRC, and HM Treasury, a certain policy was decided. More information can be found via our home page and facebook page.
If you wish to get in contact with us we can be found via
@_date: 2013-09-26 17:43:47
We discussed a lot more than just Bitcoin, our discussions lasted over a period of 2 months, that ranged from FCA to HMRC and then to HM Treasury (as HM Treasury is the governing body).
Over this period of time it was pointed out and discussed, how the current regulation and laws do not adhere to a virtual economy (bitcoin/litecoin/any altcoin).
I know you may think we briefly phoned them up and whispered the word 'bitcoin' during conversations, but we assure you this was very far from the case, we have been working on this for quite sometime.
We have all the relevant information and answers on our site, if you wish to go and have a look; 
We requested the letter in particular because HMRC did not want to publicly disclose HM Treasury's decision. We have disclosed the letter for anyone (like yourself) to contact HMRC and request the relevant information.
However, as you are fully aware, we are not able to ascertain whether HMRC would be willing to give details of the discussions involved.
We however, are not able to give these details. And we apologise for that.
@_date: 2013-09-26 17:20:33
We understand your concern in this area, you are of course free to contact HMRC yourself,
And refer to the reference we have displayed via the letter. However they will not be able to inform you of everything, because of confidentiality.
We have no say in HMRC policies and you are more than welcome to file a FOI with HMRC with regard to this issue and their relevant policies. With assistance like yours they may decide to make their policies public sooner rather than later (we did ask them). We applaud any efforts you make towards this and encourage you to contact them.
API details and more information on our infrastructure and technologies will be available in roughly 1 month (possibly sooner).
Information on our processes will be available within the same period.
For security and business (competition) reasons everything must come in its due time.
You can answer most of your questions and find out more about the IBWT team at the exchange. Or please ask via our facebook page ( as we will generally not be using reddit as a means of communication.
@_date: 2013-09-27 21:53:47
A step at a time, it was not exactly easy to get this far ;)
But your feedback is nevertheless appreciated. We will be modifying things as time progresses and especially as we introduce the various stages of what we have in store for 'future development'.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:11:41
@_date: 2013-09-26 18:37:21


This is why we encourage you to check for yourself, as we've mentioned, we did request a public statement of our discourse with the relevant bodies, but for various reasons were denied.
You can find out more information on how to submit an FOI here.
We encourage the Bitcoin community to always do their due diligence whenever they are dealing with sums of money, regardless of denomination.