@_author: icantseeit
@_date: 2017-12-27 03:07:59
Too many people overlook the impact of inflation vs deflation. A deflationary commodity like Bitcoin will never be circulated on a large scale because people will hoard it. Inflation is healthy, there are too many nutcase libertarian-types who got involved with Bitcoin and went full retard.  The community should have corrected Satoshi's mistakes when they had the chance.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:14:28
But you shouldn't be looking at currencies against each other, that sort of speculation is secondary to the consumer economy and generally not very tightly linked.  People DO buy cars in Euros, and it makes sense to do it because a Euro is worth more in cars today than it is next year, regardless of how many dollars a Euro is worth.
BTC being in its infancy means this problem is only going to get worse as the number of new coins continues to drop.  If supply slows down but demand stays the same or increases, then the price of Bitcoin goes up.  That's the Real price of Bitcoin I'm talking about, meaning the equivalent material exchange value (think consumer price index), not just the trading value of Bitcoin compared to various currencies.  That's what keeps Bitcoins from being spent, now and forever.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:06:49
People buy TVs because they want TVs, that's why they buy them now instead of later.  A TV isn't a hunk of metal sitting in a vault, it's a TV.  It has real utility.  This is basic stuff...
You haven't argued against anything I've posted, you just called it propaganda like the parrot you are.
People saying Bitcoin isn't currency and people saying Bitcoin will drop in price or collapse are not the same thing.  Bitcoin can and probably will survive as a commodity.  But it's not currency.  It's an incredibly disappointing misuse of great technology.
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:15:25
What part of Bitcoin do you think is going to change in the future?  This community hates anything new or different, because they see it as a threat to their commodity holdings.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:37:48
The economy used to suck donkey balls.  The economy functioned because it will always function.  Human nature creates material growth over time inevitably.  This is a question of optimization.  The economy grows faster when money moves faster (see velocity of money).  Money moves when invested.  People with money invest it because otherwise they lose value to inflation.  If you expect your money to get more valuable just sitting around, why risk doing anything with it?  Why not just hodl forever?
If everyone just sat on piles of money, buying only necessities, the modern economy would shrink.  That's why Bitcoin isn't currency.  It's commodity.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:53:18
So why would anyone buy a car with BTC?  Why would a company take out loans with BTC?  Why would anyone buy property with BTC?  Why make any large purchase with BTC?  The modern economy is predicated upon a system of credit, loans, and distributed investment risk.  That system collapses without inflation.
If we want cryptocurrency to actually work as **currency**, BTC needs to change to add inflation.  Unfortunately, it has accumulated a vocal userbase of greedy nutjobs and commodity speculators.  Sure, it wouldn't be the end of Bitcoin's existence if it stayed the same, but it wouldn't be currency and it wouldn't change anything about currency like it claims to.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:20:28
You think you're trying to educate me?  You didn't do anything, just just said I'm wrong because you said so.
Been here from the start, bud.  Not hating, just disappointed.  Right now, Bitcoin is like if early man created fire, then only ever used it to turn wood black for decoration.
@_date: 2014-01-12 06:42:35
It was easier for us to make room for the ball, since the design was done by Monday after kickoff and needed the width, and the intake was built for that size already.  Now the chassis is done, just waiting on electronics at the moment (laying them out nicely on the bellypan).
@_date: 2014-01-12 06:12:31
As far as the chassis size is concerned, you can easily modify the kitbot to be wide enough for the ball, even if you still want to be long.
You have to cut the frame in some way no matter what, so might as well get what you want.
@_date: 2014-04-01 20:55:07
Mostly just care a bit less about the value.  Also, a lot of people who hate don't understand that with a much larger supply, a lower price per coin is to be expected.  People make a big deal about 1 DOGE being worthless, but you never deal with just 1 DOGE, you deal with lots of DOGE because *there is lots of DOGE*.
It's like complaining that USD is worthless because pennies are worthless.  You don't pay for things with pennies, they're just there to make exact change.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:50:27
I haven't looked at Nvidia specifically, but AMD has said they're making a few more than they planned already, but memory availability is the limiting factor. It would take so long and so much money to build more memory manufacturing capacity that it would be very risky (and there's reason to believe memory manufacturers are price fixing anyway, and wouldn't increase supply even if they could).
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:07:25
It's interesting to follow. I'm not really looking for one either even though my current one is old trash (Radeon 5770).
The graphics card manufacturers and the retailers don't really want to be selling to the miners if they can help it, because they know those GPUs will end up on the used market and the miners aren't buying other components (what the retailers want) and might suddenly stop buying GPUs altogether (manufacturers don't want that). So they've been trying to save stock for gamers somehow but it's not always successful. Motherboard + GPU combos have been common, but those still have to be heavily marked up otherwise miners will just buy them up and sell the motherboards. 1-per-customer rules have been almost completely bypassed. Gamers are turning to prebuilts as the economical option (with some people speculating that it might be possible to buy them to resell the GPU and the rest of the system separately for a profit).
My idea is that a trade-in program would work best. If you give back your old GPU you get a big discount on the new card. It directly cuts some cards out of the used market and would be generally prohibitive for miners to exploit (and even if miners did go around Craigslist buying cards to trade in, they're still culling the used market so it still worked).
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:42:40
The main GPU chip (the hard part) costs ~$1-$2 Billion just to design, based on Nvidia's numbers (I may be estimating on the low end). It would be more expensive than that for a new company because Nvidia/AMD is leveraging their experience designing GPUs and have a lot of design patents.
After you design it you need to get it built, so you need a semiconductor fab. That gets tricky since there's pretty much only Intel (can't use their fabs), TSMC (pretty much at capacity), GloFo (either at capacity or broken all the time), and Samsung (not for GPUs). So the only real option for an outside company is to pay extra for another company's time on TSMC's process, spending hundreds of millions more.
Next you need to either convince the companies that put AMD and Nvidia's GPU chips onto actual graphics cards to buy your new chips and create new PCB designs for them, or else you need to design, manufacture, and sell your own completed boards (yet another factory).
Meanwhile, you need a team of programmers writing drivers for your card to make it work with every computer program ever written.
Basically, it's completely impossible, and it'd be a risky bet even if it was possible. It's a tough market full of anticompetitive tactics from Nvidia, so even AMD has a tough time. Intel just started a project to build their own dedicated GPUs, and it's not expected to be done for up to 5 years. The fact that Intel, with their resources, will take that long should give you a sense of perspective on how hard this stuff is.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:00:26
Please think before replying next time. You look really dumb here because you didn't come close to understanding what's going on.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:55:31
I can always exchange 1 Dogecoin for 1 Dogecoin's-worth of value.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:15:03
It's naïve to think that cryptocurrency will replace banks. It's open technology, banks will just adapt it for their own use and nothing will change.
And nobody will care. It's not a problem, it's just a few of you nutjobs in this community who got loud early on who complain about imagined conspiracies and the dangers of things like your inflation Boogeyman. Inflation drives economic growth, without it there is no incentive to create. Normal people don't care about inflation, they care about speed and fees. If that's all Bitcoin tried to do, it would have been great.
And the community just ignores you all at this point, because they're just tried of it and they're only here to make a buck. Because of its deflationary nature, and easily exploitable people like you being used to prop up demand, there is money to be made in commodity trading of Bitcoin (knock knock, guess who? It's the fucking banks here to trade coins and rape your kids or whatever!). Nobody uses Bitcoin, stores don't accept it even when some used to, and it wouldn't make sense to use it so I don't blame them. I blame the deeply flawed original design and members of the community like you who shouted loud enough in the beginning to keep it from being fixed. Congratulations, you ruined what could have been really useful because you're insane.
@_date: 2018-02-27 16:53:39
Have you looked on those sites? They don't have cards either.
Part of it is there aren't many new cards arriving to fill shelves, part of it is miners, gamers, and scalpers are showing up to buy them the minute they arrive. People are paying double MSRP for cards, they're basically buying anything that's in stock anywhere.