@_author: icantrolltoo
@_date: 2014-02-06 21:13:23
"What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo."
That's one of your earlier masterpieces, right?
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:07:07


Sure you did, or at least you suggested the viewpoint had merit! What on earth do you think a pro-piracy/anti intellectual property law argument IS in the context of a discussion about not paying for comedy albums?!


I think humanity is absolutely better off for having access to it, and for that I think the creator should be compensated. Further, I think it should be up to the creator whether they want to be compensated or not, not up to some slimy teenager with a bittorrent client.


Right, I get that you personally don't have that perspective, but you started by defending it, and linking to a pseudo-intellectual article about it, so you kind of appointed yourself defender of that viewpoint for this discussion. :( If you want to back away from that role though, by all means.
@_date: 2015-08-12 22:49:13
Okay, but in this case we're talking about compensating artists for creative works. How is humanity better off if for example Louis CK couldn't eat if he made comedy full time because no one compensated him for his work, or was forced to take a 9-5 job and work on his comedy stuff only in his free time? How would ensuring he only made comedy part-time advance humanity exactly? The last half of your argument seems to be more about patent law, but please remember the conversation we're having is about copyright of creative/entertainment works, so the patent arguments are not really germaine to the conversation. That's a different discussion entirely (and one we more likely see eye to eye on).
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:20:51
Well I guess my comments have been a long-winded way of saying I agree with the person who made the adjust their moral compass statement and have been blowing holes in the arguments you presented as reasons their perspective might be moral. My conclusion from what you have provided is that they are at the very best ill-informed/ill-thought-out conclusions. You haven't been shoring up that argument at all, just whining about distancing yourself from the opinion you posted (that I understood from the start was not your opinion).
Can we have a proper debate/discussion, or are you going to insist on continuing to whine about the fact that the opinion that we both know is not yours but you posted in defense of is not yours and you merely posted in defense of?
As for the information is that critical part... I am not going to respond to that until you tell me if you want to have a discussion or not?
@_date: 2015-08-13 02:27:49
Thank you. :)
@_date: 2015-08-12 21:40:18
Do you give away your labor for free as well, or do you just expect that of others? I'm asking this before reading all the way through the article you linked to, reading it now though.
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:00:54
Okay, finally parsed through the article you presented as a solid argument for the free ip line of thought. The page you linked to is chock full of logical fallacies the author is wrapping in high-minded speech to justify the author’s piracy. Specifically:
the ethical argument:
First, let’s put aside that Disney and other companies have perverted copyright law. This is something that needs to be fixed, but it’s a different discussion. At it’s most basic, copyright law protects original works for the life of the creator and a period of time following the creator’s death so their family (or other organization they have assigned the rights to) may benefit from their creation for a period, after which the work falls into the public domain and may be freely copied, reproduced, etc. by anyone who wishes.
to answer these questions specifically:


The author is apparently not aware of fair use laws, which provide exceptions for valid use cases to reproduce portions of someone else’s labor in your own. Wholesale reproduction of the work before it falls into public domain is not okay because in doing so you violate the rights of the creator to profit from their creation. Before you say something about it being companies who own much of the IP, please keep in mind that it’s up to the creators of such IP to decide to create it under contract and/or assign the rights to those companies to begin with. Whether people were fairly compensated or not is a different discussion than this one (in short sometimes yes, many times no… but again a different debate).


Nice philosophy but there is no practical truth to this whole argument. And again the author seems to be very ignorant of how copyright and fair use laws actually work.


Because there is evidence of the words of the poem being copyrighted and published by someone else. That you memorized a poem and transcribed it from memory does not magically make it your poem. It makes you a plagiarist if you try to pass it off as your own however.


And if you read the copyright notice in the front of the book you’ll notice that your purchase does not include the right to reproduce and distribute the work.
The Economic Argument


This is such incredible bullshit. I’ll tell you what: content creators should operate without copyright laws as soon as anti copyright folks like yourself and the author agree to live their lives without the benefit of the last two centuries of medical advancement. Deal? If not, why should parts of society benefit from advancement, but not creators of original content? Why is it so important to devalue their contribution to society? 


And it continues to be with copyright laws. This argument would be valid if our entertainment media wasn’t absolutely rife with remixes, clones, samples, knock-offs, etc. The author of this article does some impressive mental gymnastics to justify their own desire to get the labor of others for free, I must say.
The one question the author failed to ask or answer in this section: Is it credible in a society where no one is self-sufficient and everyone specializes in their career to expect that people who specialize in creative and/or intellectual labor should not be allowed to profit from their specialized labor yet still expected to compensate everyone else for their specialized labor? I think you need to answer this one.
The information-based argument
saying “piracy happens, may as well just throw in the towel”, which is what this section boils down to is bullshit at best. Sure we shouldn’t prosecute individual pirates… but those who profit from the distribution of pirated copyrighted works should absolutely be prosecuted for their crimes.
Alternatives to Intellectual Property Rights: Some Formulations


Uh… so in other words, the author’s suggestion is to throw out copyright laws but double-down on DRM and lock up all content behind encryption?! Jesus christ, did you even read the article you linked to?!


This is high-minded bullshit at the very best. So now the author is suggesting instead of copyright laws we have a social copyright agreement more or less, one that requires everyone in society to be incredibly well informed at all times if it has any hope of success. Riiiiight.
I’m gonna be honest with you, I really can’t see how any reasonably intelligent person could read that article and think “this is a rock solid argument for the dissolution of the concept of property rights.” I can’t believe you read this with a critical eye. 
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:31:44
What does political alignment have to do with one's value as a person?
Can't they be both a libertarian AND human garbage like you seem to be?