@_author: icecrown_glacier_htm
@_date: 2014-07-06 13:40:22
I am sorry, but I own Bitcoin. You don't see it, because you are either not logged in, or didn't expand the list of reviewers on that page.
@_date: 2014-07-06 13:27:25
"XCurrency is a five-week-old cryptographic platform" well that sums it up. The marketing aggresiveness of this coin is beyond comparison to anything I have seen. It claims to surprass every coin out there, including Bitcoin in every conceivable way.
 A five week old coin(!), where the core implementation was bought from 'loljosh' of bitcointalk 


[just look here, you need to expand the list] (
Meanwhile the main developer [doesn't even know how to use Git properly]( - not a single clean commit has ever been made, people started complaining in the issues section...
But what do you expect from a pure, five week old PoS coin out of nowhere? A perfect example of a Pump&amp;Dump scheme. Some people got rich early, and the very same people finance the annoying and aggressive marketing campaign to brain wash people into buying this piece of crap.
@_date: 2014-07-06 14:16:36
Okay I guess I am done with you. You clearly have mental issues and should take medications. You keep on mentioning DRK in every post. I think this is called schizophrenia.
It's not rocket science to come with such conclusions on your own. I've been interested in X11Coin when it launched a month ago, until the moment when I found out it's a hoax. You can see I've been posting about X11Coin (the way it was named back then) in my reddit history a month ago.
After all if you are or want to be an investor in a given thing, you research whether it's valuable and when or if at all you are going to have a return on your investment.
These are basics things and if you can't comprehend such things you'd better not post anymore since you do more harm than good, both to yourself and XCurrency.
@_date: 2014-07-06 14:01:45
What does this have anything to do with DRK? You can see that what I post is my own research I have done in the past weeks. You can browse my past posts on reddit which include the same evidence and conclusions I posted here. This is a Bitcoin subreddit for god's sake which you arrogantly advertise XCurrency on. Instead of a mannered discussion you call me names and bring unrelated things into the mix. Have some class.
@_date: 2014-07-06 13:51:42
Whatever I say, I try to backup with evidence as much as possible. So far all you do is call me names. How is that supposed to be helpful to anyone or prove anything.
@_date: 2017-05-18 14:04:32
I think you are confusing terms.
Examples of coins with a significant premine are:
- Ripple (100% premine - all coins were created/owned by the developers) 
- Ethereum (90% premine - 10% of all coins went straight to the developers, 80% were anonymously distributed via an ICO, which could have also landed to the developers, who knows. Only 10% of all coins in circulation have been mined to date.).
Dash is an example of a coin with an instamine, which means you could have mined more coins in the first couple days after release (about 10ish% of all possible coins were mined in the first couple of days AFAIK). It seems that so far about 40ish% of all coins have been mined of the possible supply.
A premine is worse by definition because coins are created from thin air, this gives power to the creators (they are in control who and how gets which share of coins) and makes the coin distribution unfairer among users. 