@_author: icerl
@_date: 2018-04-13 09:01:03
That's odd, because I have only seen attempts by conservatives, since they believe they are underrepresented in the CA government.
I mentioned this in another thread about CA's supposed issue with being turned into multiple states. If you look at how the conservatives want to split CA, they always coincidentally include a couple large liberal cities into their "conservative" state, because even they know that if they cut the state up based on political standings, "conservative" CA will have no money.
@_date: 2018-04-14 04:48:49
I can't speak for "real" democrats, but any politically savvy person would know that splitting the state based on political standings would hurt democrats politically and republicans economically.
@_date: 2018-04-14 05:53:14
I don't know how many californians actually want to split the state, considering all the "honest" attempts to split the state were considered jokes. There was the most recent map I saw drawn, which basically looked like the east coast became one state while the rest of CA became another, but the liberal state was also missing san diego and a sizeable chunk of silicon valley, which aren't exactly known for being conservative strongholds. In case you are wondering, the conservative state would have no money if they didn't include a few large cities, so that was the reasoning for the inconsistency. There was the previous map I saw, which split CA into five or so states, but that was seen as a grab for senate seats more than anything else, so nobody would reasonably want that to happen either because it either meant republicans having a stronger grip on the senate or democrats gaining an advantage. Either way, congress never would have let such a large stone be thrown in the lake. I'm sure there were more maps drawn but they either didn't make it into the news or I didn't see them.
As for the parties hating each other? That's generally what happens in a two party system. It's also funny because neither side wants to "lose" on any front, so one side always loses on the majority of them anyways, resulting in America only having a conservative party and a centrist party when looked at from the international stage.