@_author: icewolfsig226
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:29:40
d`oh.. Who knows, might just. I sometimes visit China.
Wife and I were kicking around the notion once-upon-a-time at making New Zealand into a honeymoon location. Finances didn't work out that way though sadly enough.
@_date: 2013-04-10 11:36:26
Might just disagree on methods. Personally I like finding places where privatization could work just as well, if not better.
But yeah, in general I think we agree. Life is good. Want to get a burger later?
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:55:27
Like I said, I don't mind the shared infrastructure... either as a publicly owned and maintained resource, or if there is a way to properly do a privately maintained resource (I don't see why it would be impossible, or if setup right undesirable... like, privately maintained, but publicly owned). Either *could* work perfectly fine.
Smell probably is dependent on a lot of factors... Type of tank, maybe the house you used to live in the septic tank was about to buy the farm (at least it would be a well fertilized farm). 
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:01:14
I dunno about your example.
I don't see what the private household doesn't do one of two things...
Either one, buy a septic tank for your home and switch lines.. or 
Two charge the waste company rent for keeping their line on your property.
Probably pull out another alternative or three too, but I'll just stop here for now.
Buying a septic tank for your property suddenly becomes a quite acceptable alternative to a run-a-muck (pun?) waste handling company. He starts losing customers and realizes this might not have been the best business move ever and his prices inevitably goes down, or he goes out of business. Even then when I have my own personal septic tank, based on what I pay for waste handling and your insanely high price increase tag, the septic tank would pay for itself within three or six months, to it is a moot problem.
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:17:35
Yeah, but I don't see that as so bad, though. Let's play it out just a little longer.
Who's going to be the first to buy into this? The wealthy, they only want to keep more of their money too. So they buy into this and as people who make septic tanks smell the proverbial blood in the water the rush to mass produce these would bring down the price over time so poorer families (in comparison to the rich) would be able to afford it.
Assuming the waste company was nation-wide "we are the monopoly" they would start finding themselves in troubled waters (quickly would be a matter of opinion).
You can say that the costs of a septic tank et al. are inconceivable, but so is a waste company jacking up rates 10,000% I'd think. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:05:57
I thought we were talking in generalities and fantastical what if situations. If you are going to poo-poo (So many wonderful puns coming out of this) on this for such specific reasons on cities with dense populations making this unable to transpire then I can just throw out the whole argument that a waste management system would jack prices 10,000 % at what I'm assuming here is the drop of a hat. 
One of the reasons why I said there are various ways of handling this, and liked the septic tank example was that it was easier to work with... I don't mind the concept of shared ownership of utilities in certain circumstances as it does tend to make more sense. Shared ownership of the pipes that come out homes, that's fine... If someone else wants to buy into the septic system and keep this monopoly broken, then they pay a partial fee for maintaining the pipes (details of which I'm not particularly interested in) then I have no real objection to. Hooking power plants that want to produce power into a grid and we figure out how to meter so they can charge fairly for what they produce, that's fine.
As for maintaining the costs of a septic system, based on the fantastical amounts a once monopoly jacked up rates it'd still be cheaper to just maintain in the long run a septic tank, at least till prices came down til something realistic.
I'm not sure where you are getting the septic tanks carry an unfortunate smell... I mean, yeah, they stink due to their shit content, but, in a personal example, my parents have a septic tank in the side yard near their house... No smell what so ever. It's actually quite pleasant all around. They eventually did need to replace it, that's true. The tank lasted the advertised life and then some (quite a old house they purchased), so they got their money's worth out of it.
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:31:39
I'm actually somewhat serious too.
If you live in the USA, South East... say greater Charlotte, NC area, could make something happen. I know the odds are slim, but doesn't hurt to try.
