@_author: ichinguching
@_date: 2017-09-24 00:49:42
How do you sell over the counter like this with variable confirmation times?
@_date: 2017-09-23 07:27:38
It's inevitable for all the reasons others will voice. I would like to be a little contrarian and highlight a couple of challenges.
One I see is the day to day price variances. Either you have electronic price boards constantly updating via an API. That is very difficult to budget on, or you use a stable coin. 
And the network delay thing ... that's a big one. That isn't going to work on any decent scale. Imagine what it would do to a drive through.
But you can see that these issues are being worked on, so it is just a matter of time. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 03:39:50
I think this needs to be viewed through the lens of functionality and evolution. If a new coin comes along that has significantly better functionality than Bitcoin then that coin will be adopted.
Bitcoin is the peg, for now.
When a coin comes along that can do smart contracts, function as an immediate transfer of value and do it all with little to no fees, then naturally it will be used as a preference. That is not because of ideology but because of practicality.
Just look at the evolution of traditional money.
BTC cannot in its current form serve as a true global trade currency, and if it doesn't evolve to serve that function then something else will.
@_date: 2017-09-19 07:42:46
Seems to me that for any major commerce it doesn't make a difference. If I have a business and pay for goods with Bitcoin then the GST will be included in the price so the goods are taxed. If I pay my employees in Bitcoin the addresses will be known, they'll have to declare the income so they are taxed.
So the government gets its income. They then create a stable coin backed by the reserve fiat, and all government taxes must be paid in either fiat or the stable coin.
Isn't it only with platforms like Monero where things get sticky? Even then when the tax department comes knocking at the door they are going to want to see the books. Only small players would risk running a business on systemic fraud. Kind of like tradies getting paid in cash.
Could be wrong though.
@_date: 2017-09-21 22:40:44
I would learn an early lesson, give blood and take the losses now. Wait until the whole China thing blows over and buy back in. It's going lower, Hodl is nonsense.
@_date: 2017-09-22 08:26:58
Smells fishy. 
Perhaps it should be worded "Currently many miners in China are angry about the potential mining ban. They're demanding (praying) for refunds from Bitmain on hardware pre-orders"
Where there is smoke, there's fire.