@_author: ico-reanimator
@_date: 2018-02-28 16:44:14
REANIMATOR ICO IN SIMPLE WORDS
FIRST-EVER RUSSIAN FILM INDUSTRY ICO
The REANIMATOR ICO will not only raise funds for the production of the sci-fi film REANIMATOR.
The REANIMATOR ICO  will also help us build a cutting-edge cinema box office platform based on blockchain, called CRYPTOMOVIE: we will be the first to introduce the blockchain technology into the global cinema industry with the goal of eliminating box office fraud.
CRYPTOMOVIE will be tested in February 2019 in 12 cinemas in the EU using the sci-fi film REANIMATOR, which will include a cameo by Satoshi Nakamoto himself (to be filmed in Las Vegas).
The CRYPTOMOVIE platform features a transparent architecture and a range of advantages over the existing offline and online systems of movie ticket sales. Our objective is to free cinema production companies from the yoke of intermediaries and to make the CRYPTOMOVIE platform a convenient tool for all the cinema industry participants.
The CRYPTOMOVIE MVP will be tested on the original sci-fi film REANIMATOR, to be released in 2018; it is produced by the LAM cinema studio using the funds raised during the crowdsale in November-December 2017. REANIMATOR will feature never-before-seen plot twists and impressive special effects created by the London ILM studio (an agreement has already been reached to this effect).
According to the contract terms, the REANIMATOR ICO and the development of the CRYPTOMOVIE blockchain platform is carried out by the Estonian hedge fund CRISSE. The Russian cinema studio LAM will produce the sci-fi thriller REANIMATOR, used to test the CRYPTOMOVIE MVP, after which a 5-year CRYPTOMOVIE license will be sold to the Chinese state corporation China Film Group.
Thanks to the Lighting Network technology and once the CRYPTOMOVIE platform goes fully operational by December 2019, RNM token holders will be able to exchange their RNM instantly and directly for fiat money and other cryptocurrencies without involving digital exchanges and with near-zero fees.
According to the REANIMATOR ICO Roadmap, in early 2019 we are planning to implement the CRYPTOMOVIE blockchain platform into such licensed video streaming services as iTunes, Netflix, Okko, Amazon Prime, Amediateka, Ayyo, and ivi.ru. By mid-2019, the blockchain platform CRYPTOMOVIE will be implemented into the Play Market to allow content copyright owners to keep transparent online accounts of app sales on Android and Windows.
As soon as the secure Internet network based on the WEB 3.0 protocol becomes available, all CRYPTOMOVIE data will be transferred to WEB 3.0.
Starting from February 20, 2018, ERC20-compliant RNM (Reanimator Coin) tokens are available in the mobile crypto wallets Edge (formerly Airbitz Wallet).
The REANIMATOR ICO solves the issues of the rich and the poor
1) Large and rich corporations, such as Samsung, Google Play Market, or Apple will be able to increase their prestige using the blockchain technology, while global cinema studies will get a chance to raise their profits by implementing the CRYPTOMOVIE blockchain technology and eleminating box office frauds.
2) Low-income users who do not want to pay too much for cinema tickets or streaming subscriptions will be able to save money by purchasing RNM tokens, which can be used to pay for a movie ticket or a Netflix subscription.
ERC20-compliant tokens of the REANIMATOR ICO can already be purchased for cash in euro at over 10 thousand shops, pharmacies, cell network stores, and supermarkets in Germany - in such chains as Real, REWE, PENNY, Budni, Ludwig, Eckert, Adams, ONExpress, and Barbarino.  In order to buy RNM tokens for cash, customers just have to show a special barcode on the screen of their phone once they reach the payment counter - and hand in the necessary amount of cash in euros. Once the payment is completed, ERC20 RNM tokens will automatically become available in the customer’s MEW balance.
Cinema director Ruslan Magomadov, well known in Europe and in the world, is planning to involve the legendary stunt master Ben Cooke  to direct and lead the stunts in the parts of the sci-fi film REANIMATOR shot in the U.S.
Ben Cooke has performed stunts in such films as The Lord of the Rings and Alexander (stunt double: Toby Kebbell). Actors Danila Kozlovsky and Steven Seagal are expected to star in the film.
The REANIMATOR ICO will carry out a buyback of RNM tokens in December 2018 using 30% of the REANIMATOR box office profits. Another buyback is planned for December 2019 and will use 30% of the profits gained from selling the CRYPTOMOVIE license.
Until March 3, 2018, investors are entitled to a 50% discount on RNM tokens (Reanimator Coin).
2% of all funds raised during the REANIMATOR ICO will be donated to a charity helping orphaned children (Center of assistance to orphans) and to a charity working with children suffering from blood cancer and other serious diseases (Donate Life).
MEDIA ABOUT US:
