@_author: icycrust
@_date: 2018-01-18 12:21:40
It's a reference to the linked article which repeatedly uses "quiet" when it obviously means "quite". But if you have to explain it.. :-(
@_date: 2018-01-18 11:51:56
*quiet a long time \s
@_date: 2018-01-18 12:38:27
Now I'm upset that I didn't spot that. 
Evidently I've become immune to terrible grammar due to it's prevalence in *literally* every corner of our world today. I'd of avoided commenting but its really important to make you're opinion known. (\s!)
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:05:49
You'll want to give a lot more information than that if you're seriously looking for an answer.
If you want to accept Bitcoin for payment at a coffee shop, the answer would be quite different from selling online consultancy etc.
@_date: 2018-02-08 08:44:32
"Give it to the system" is a little simplistic, but I understand and agree with what Quintall1 is saying.
Miners make a decision whether the electricity and other costs they incur are worth the payback, which comes in the form of mined coins and transaction fees.
There will always be a balance somewhere. When there are too many miners, very few of them will be able to cover their costs and some will exit. This will cause the difficulty level to decrease and all remaining miners will become more profitable, at a lower energy level.
Regarding the energy usage of Bitcoin, every article I've read that points to its energy usage as being inefficient conveniently skips over the fact that the network doesn't *require* this amount of energy to run. The whole mining community could be 20 PCs run in the basements of a group of enthusiasts and the network would still run with the same transaction processing capability because the difficulty level would be lowered to the point where those 20 PCs on average find a block every ten minutes still.
Of course, in that case those 20 people would become fantastically wealthy -- and their friends would join in, friends-of-friends, etc., until we come right back to the point where mining is only barely profitable and using huge amounts of power.
Unfortunately, the system does tend to favour mining in locations where very cheap power and air-con (or naturally cold environment) are available. I doubt that was intended when it was designed.
There's no easy fix for this of course, but think of it this way -- the level of resources used by the system as a whole is always very close to how valued the network is as a whole. If bitcoin dropped back to $200 USD, the miners would have to adjust back to only using the power they could afford for the rewards.
@_date: 2018-02-07 12:39:21
Yeah, but even if you believe that might happen in our lifetime, you'd be daft to put that bet on anyway. At billion-to-one odds, you'd theoretically make ten billion dollars -- but never live to collect it :-(
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:18:32
OK, that's easier than the real-time coffee shop example for sure.
Give the buyer your public wallet address, verify confirmations on the transaction before supplying the product.
But of course there's how you price your product, do you have a fiat rate card? Do you quote BTC based on fiat exchange at the time of commission or the time of completion? Or will you maintain a separate BTC rate card? How do you deal with taxes? 
You'll want to get professional advice, for sure.
It's unfortunate for the entire BTC community that these are real barriers to actual adoption as a currency, but if you truly believe in BTC (or cryptocurrency generally) your short-term pain in helping to work out these things is a really big driver towards eventual adoption.
Good luck!
@_date: 2018-02-08 09:09:04
OP's Reddit title is misleading. The article is quite right -- most cryptocurrencies will inevitably crash and die off, leaving a handful that go on to actually serve their purpose as a currency.
The article doesn't even try and speculate which currencies will remain, it's quite restrained.
@_date: 2018-02-16 10:13:50
I don't know it that's really a fair comparison. In the case of adopting a dog from the shelter, you give a donation which helps contribute to the cost of its running AND (assuming they do reasonable due diligence on their adopters) one of their dogs gains a happy home -- that's exactly the goal of the shelter in the first place.
Your donation is not just the monetary gift, it's also your gift of time, love and caring for the dog throughout its life.
Same thing with cats and other animals too, of course. As long as there are animals in rescue shelters it's the right and charitable thing to do to adopt one of them in preference to purchasing from a puppy/kitty mill.
@_date: 2018-02-08 03:08:05
Seems like it's a more common strategy than I'd realised -- I'm also feeding some of what I would have smoked into Bitcoin since I quit a few weeks ago. 
I'm not putting it directly into Bitcoin, into the exchange first in Fiat and then converting to Bitcoin when the time seems right. I managed to get the first lot in within a few hundred dollars of the bottom of the dip, luckily. 
It's not much, but it certainly passes the "afford to lose it" test, as I would have just smoked it anyway -- and the potential to end up with a bit of a nest egg is indeed a powerful motivation to keep off the cigs.
Regarding quitting, it's a good thing that vapes exist. I couldn't imagine succeeding with just cold turkey or any of the patches/gum stuff that was the only option before.
Good luck and prosperity to all other quitters-turned-Bitcoiners!