@_author: ideaatm23
@_date: 2013-06-02 17:34:35
Celebrity Green Room is currently looking for website developers to work closely with the CEO and marketing team. Celebrity Green Room uses celebrities as spokespersons for all stores and shopping matters.
 Celebrity Green Room is currently looking for candidates for Website Developer to work closely with the CEO and marketing team. We are looking for a focused, determined and experienced Website Developer to finish website (particularly membership functionality) to add to the productivity of Celebrity Green Room and the services that we offer. Your position will be paid as soon as website is functional and selling products. 
 Take a look for yourself: 
 ... Www.celebrity-green-room.com 
 Our company is currently completing the last developmental phases necessary to create a lucrative and productive business. We are in the process of presenting our Business plan and executive summary to investors. Once we reach our investor goal, we will begin bringing the above mentioned positions on board to contribute to the continued growth of Celebrity Green Room. We anticipate being able to bring additional people on board in the very near future. Once our investors provide the necessary funds, all who are employed by Celebrity Green Room will be paid a salary that is commiserate with experience and skill level. 
 If you are interested in being apart of multi-million dollar company's growth, please do not hesitate to contact Nathan Hill via this post. This will be a rewarding opportunity to those who are selected to join.
 All information in this message, together with any attachments, is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential information that is legally privileged. Additionally, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message, or any attachment, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the original sender or Celebrity Green Room at immediately by telephone or by return E-mail and delete this message, along with any attachments, from your computer. Thank you.