@_author: idfshill
@_date: 2019-01-10 03:36:40


Yes, there fucking is. 
It's the exact same thing.


I don't care what Krugman says you mongoloid. Krugman being wrong sometimes doesn't change the fact austrian economics is not a real thing, it is not an actual field of economics, it's a pseudoscience literally nobody takes seriousuly outside of fringe libertariann circles.


Holy fuck, are you this retarded? It's literally saying Austrian ecoomics is a relief from "technical mumbo jumbo" which means "a relief from economic models and the ability to prove our theories."
The fact you read that and  came to the conclusion it was a real thing is hilarious. Then you tell me to work on my reading comprehension?
I had some idea bitcoin tards were dumb people, but you take the cake.
@_date: 2019-01-10 04:18:45


It is the exact same thing. It's awarded the exact same way.


This is insane, I'm done here. You likely have no formal education on the subject and trying to explain to someone with a low level of education why Austrian economics is not considered a real thing is a waste of time.
It's like someone coming up to you and claiming faith healing is an accepted form of medicine. 


That is absolutely not what Krugman said you illiterate twat.
The "trillion dollar coin concept" doesn't even come from Krugman, it was a way to bypass congress when they refuse to increase the debt limit.
It's due to the way coins are regulated compared to other money:






Almost like you have no clue what you're talking about.
@_date: 2019-01-10 04:05:52


It is the exact same thing you moron. Everyone sane considers it the exact same thing. Your refusal to accept reality here is not my problem.
 


Yeah, I should work on my spelling due to a typo says the uneducated retard that thinks Austrian economics is a real thing.


What exactly do you think this says?


What does this say?


What does this say?


@_date: 2019-01-10 10:30:54


A typo is a typing error. Do you need me to explain to you what the word typo means?
I'm not going to argue with you over this, if you think I don't know the difference between the two you're clearly suffering from a severe cognitive issue and desperate for any in you can find because you're getting dismantled.


So because it isn't endowed by Alfred Nobel, that means it no longer qualifies even though everything else is the exact same other than the source of funding?




I want you to read this slowly and tell me what it says. Then, in detail, explain to me how the source of funding being different means it longer counts, even though every other aspect is the exact same, and the award is called the nobel prize in economics by everyone involved.
This should be funny.


A typo on the internet does not mean someone is uneducated. Someone mistaking fake fields of science for actual fields of science and lying about trillion dollar coins though, is in fact, evidence of poor education.


You're lying because you claimed he said it'd erase the debt you ape. You had no idea what he was even talking about.


noncoiner? Do you belong to a cult you moron? If you've made yourself a "multimillionaire" via bitcoins that's just more proof it's a meme currency. Like do you have any idea how obvious your extreme lack of critical thinking is? 


**You claimed he suggested it to erase the debt you fucking tard.**
Explain to me why the coin idea is "retarded."


Then why did you decide to bring Krugman up?


I will keep laughing. Your entire post history is full of right-wing bullshit, too. Even more evidence you lack any formal education. The real give away is the unironic use of the term "globalist."
My guess is you're a 20 something libertarian that took offense to your fake field of economics being called what it is. I doubt you've ever read a book in your life.
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:21:18
Yeah, I too get my history lessons from right-wing pundits with no formal education on the subject.
I can suggest some actual books here for anyone interested, in, you know, learning history from actual experts on the subject:
In case anyone was wondering, the idea nazies were leftists or socialists has no basis in reality and the exact opposite is true. Most academics and experts on the subject view fascism as a far-right response to a growing left. Which, of course, is why the conservatives put Hitler in power.
From the third reich trilogy:


It is true that there were "socialist elements" early on, but they were purged:




A favorite pass time of American conservatives is history revisionism, they love to write books on subjects they aren't qualified to write books on so the idiot masses can eat them up and feel good about themselves.
Jonah Goldberg is another favorite source of these people, Robert Paxton had to rip him apart years ago:
The point is, when you see someone drop a D'Souza book, or a Jonah Goldberg book, and the subject is history? You instantly dismiss them. 
Edit: the guy topped it off by linking some fucking blog posts from Mises. Rather than type up some huge post about why that's even worse than linking the shitty book, here you go:
@_date: 2019-01-10 03:09:33


Yeah, a nobel prize winning economist is probably less credible than a fake school of economics that isn't taken seriously by literally anyone in the academic economics world.
Solid logic there.


Literally nobody takes "Austrian economics" seriously. It's not a real thing, it's a joke. 
Go fucking read what is is:
I didn't even cite "bias" I cited the fact the people he linked are not historians, they have no formal education on the subject, no published academic work on the subject. You're as dumb as the other guy is.
@_date: 2019-01-10 04:32:18


- Same people award it.
- Same criteria used to award it.
How is it different?


Oh yes, making a typo is clearly evidence of poor education, and not someone mistaking pseudoscience for actual science, not someone outright lying about Krugman and trillion dollar coins. Not someone getting sucked into a meme currency that amounts to nothing more than a giant pump and dump scheme.


He endorsed it as a way to bypass Congress and debt limits. Many people endorsed it, there's nothing "retarded" about the idea. It would, in fact, do what it is intended to do. You clearly had no idea what the concept even was.


Yeah, Krugman, the nobel prize winning economist with published, credible work is no longer a real economist because he insulted your meme drug currency. This is why everyone laughs at bitcoin tards.