@_author: idroppedmymonocle
@_date: 2012-06-20 22:28:28
I sang it's praises as well but after today I would never, ever consider using Bitcoin for any serious amount of money. I transferred 6.575 into a wallet today (not a lot I know) but the app I was using froze. I force closed it, killed running processes and cleaned up the app caches with an app. When I logged back in my wallet had changed and my Bitcoins were lost. I spent 4 hours on a forum (the guys were really great) and went through everything from trying to recover the data through root explorer and resetting the blockchain to trying to sweep it to MtGox. Fair enough I should back up the wallet before using it but cleaning the app cache shouldn't have lead to a loss of my coins but it did. I was always aware of the fragility of Bitcoins and after experiencing a loss I probably won't use it again. They are too annoying to buy, the price fluctuates way too much and as much as people claim they are free from fees try buying them without having to pay a commission to an exchange. I don't trust the exchanges either. Why take a percent of someones Bitcoin trade? If they are acquiring Bitcoins from every trade on their exchange what are they going to do with them? It leaves the market open to manipulation by the people who own. I see too many parallels with actual money to make it a worthwhile currency for me. All my purchases are legal so I don't mind using a bank and I don't really need the anonymity but I liked being able to send money to someone who can have it on the same day, something I can't do with my regular banking app because I use a rooted phone. Bitcoins are good in theory bit in practice they've got a lot of work to do.
@_date: 2012-06-21 00:56:43
Cool, small world. If you gave me any advice then I thank you even though the efforts were in vain. I'm not too bothered about losing the money now. It was my fault and it wasn't a large sum but it got me thinking about how an error could result in a person losing substantial amounts of money with no hope of recovery. My problem is that as much as people tout Bitcoin as a revolution it is no better than traditional money. My mistake today cost me more than the banking fees I've been charged over three years and I know my money is safe with a bank. I can call back payments even if the money is already sent so no worries about paying the wrong person and I genuinely do not see a need for Bitcoins unless you wish to purchase anonymously. I only used it for a quick cash transfer but when Barclay's get the sand out of their vagina and allow rooted phones to use PingIt I literally have no need for BitCoins. Sure you could argue that I could buy some now and hold them for years but what's the point? I'm not looking for an investment opportunity and I can't believe that investing in Bitcoins was the original intentions of the creators in the first place. If there are real positives then please inform me so I can balance my view a bit. 
@_date: 2012-06-22 19:08:04
All I need to send you money is the bank account details and I can send money to you wherever you are or even set-up a direct debit if I wanted to and it's completely free. Your bank might charge you a fee but I for sure would not get one. Seriously. I do realise that isn't the norm though and in the future the bank might ruin a great account by adding fees of some sorts but for now, I can't complain.
@_date: 2012-06-23 01:41:53
I can see why Bitcoins would appeal to you. I think there would be a nation wide riot if the banks here starting charging for simple things here. A top banker came out not long ago and alluded to the end of free banking but there was such an outcry over a little comment I can't see the banks pulling their free banking. You can't tell the people banks are struggling and need to introduce fees when they're raking in billions a year in profit and paying executives seven figure bonuses.
@_date: 2012-06-22 00:17:14
Thanks for the informative response. In my country bankings not a big issue like it is in some parts of the world. You want a bank account you can open one with a tiny deposit. No banking fees unless you go overdrawn and you can send money wherever you want free of charge. I can see why Bitcoins would be attractive to someone who may have to pay a monthly fee to have an account but for me Bitcoins are pointless. Who knows, in ten years time I may be able to go down the shop and pay with Bitcoins but given it's technical nature I can't see it being a viable alternative for everyone and that may stop it becoming as big as it can.