@_author: ieatcrayons
@_date: 2018-03-24 01:27:01
I work in the BSA department of a bank and I can tell you that filling out a CTR (cash deposits over $10,000) isn't a big deal at all. There is no paperwork, it's all electronic and filled in through the teller's computer. You seriously have to give like two pieces of additional information because we already have your other information (that you gave the bank when you opened your account). We need your occupation/job title and make sure your ID is up to date (i.e. has your address changed/is it expired). I mean you can't even buy a pack of cigarettes or a bottle of liquor with an outdated ID. Stop acting like it's a big pain in the ass. 
If you file a CTR, we don't send it to the IRS, we send it to FinCEN and there's a 99% chance that no one will ever see it unless your name is hit in an OFAC scan. If you structure your cash deposits because you feel like being a grump, we have to file a Suspicious Activity Report on you because it's illegal and the FBI does read those. So you're really just being a fucking idiot when you structure funds because you decided to skip a report that no one will likely read, and traded it for a report that the FBI is required to review.
We've never shut down an account because there have been bitcoin transactions. However, when there is ONLY cash going in and ONLY Coinbase/whatever crypto-trading debits, it looks pretty fucked up and we ask questions... sorry to bother you. If you refuse to give us a little more information about why in the fuck you're taking cash from an unknown source, depositing it into your account at our bank, then immediately transferring the funds, we don't want you to bank with us because you're either money laundering or you're just being a grumpy douche. I'm sure there's more to the story than "they shut my account down because of a bitcoin transaction."
AML laws are there as a preventative measure. It's meant to deter it and meant to make it more difficult for criminals to use the financial system to launder money (which makes it harder for the criminal[s]). 
Honestly, it just sounds like someone asked you a question about the source of your cash and you popped off because "it's my money" and now you think that AML is a conspiracy.
None of this is a serious inconvenience that should negatively impact your day, you're just being unreasonable. Just stop.
EDIT: Even if you're overseas, I don't think that their AML laws are going to be much worse than North American AML laws unless you're living in a high risk/high financial crime zone. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:25:27
Honestly, dude, if anyone calls you about the transactions, think of it as a good thing. We're more concerned about your account being taken over than we are about YOU laundering money. 
Simple example: Someone gets your account info and then sends a shitton of funds to a digital currency exchange (DCE) via an ACH transfer. Once that money goes to the person's wallet, it's probably gone. We don't get it back and that means you probably won't get it back. 
There are some other batshit examples involving someone getting personal info from a bunch of different people through a variety of means and it goes something like this: Someone opens a credit card using some else's identity and takes a cash advance. Then they take the cash, deposit it into thier bank account (probably opened it using someone else's info). After it's deposited, they'll transfer the funds to a DCE. Then they'll transfer funds from the DCE to a compromised checking account, and then repeat the process until it turns into such a shit show that it becomes nearly impossible to track, especially when there are multiple people and multiple financial institutions involved. It's hard for banks to coordinate and share information (privacy policies and all that) to conduct a proper/efficient investigation so we file Suspicious Activity Reports and let the FBI deal with that shit. (This was pretty much an ELI5 example).
Banks don't (generally) care if the average person uses their accounts to transfer funds to and from your crypto accounts, they just have to make sure that everything is cool so when the bank examiners come in and start swinging their balls around to find the smallest thing possible to shove in your dick just so they can justify their jobs, we can prove the we conducted the proper due diligence in order to assure that the transfers were legitimate. 
I mean fuck, crypto isn't inherently evil, I think crypto is awesome. I see large transactions and obvious investments going in and out of accounts all of the time and I wish I had the funds to do that. 
I could go through the process of the "investigation" from start to finish, but I'm sure this post has been long enough to read.
tl;dr: As a BSA &amp; Fraud Analyst, I don't care if you use your account to utilize cryptocurrency but people can be dicks and fuck people over and it's my job to make sure no one gets fucked over. In order to do that, sometimes we have to ask some questions. I'm not accusing you of anything when I ask you questions, I just need to ask for compliance reasons and to make sure you're not getting fucked over.
Man... I kinda went off about this. Doubt you wanted all of it, but yeah...
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:43:27
I’m glad you think it’s interesting too. I majored in economics and after working in a bank for a while I got into the idea of fighting white-collar crime. People tend to take it as banks attacking them personally or think we’re accusing you, but unless they’re bad at their job, they’re never actually accusing you of a crime when they ask you questions. It gets really frustrating.
What is this not thing? I’m bad at reddit.
@_date: 2018-03-24 18:04:42
You’re a god damned fool
@_date: 2018-03-24 18:06:21
Okay.