@_author: ieieiieifijdndj
@_date: 2016-12-12 15:07:01
Segwit isn't the only way to fix the malleability problem. See flexible transactions.
@_date: 2016-11-28 00:25:29
I'm not sure what you mean by that, could you elaborate? I'll elaborate below.
Currently checkpoints are implemented as block headers hard-coded into the various client implementations. They are purely a security measure, intended to reduce the likelihood of the attack I described earlier by making it impossible to fabricate older parts of the blockchain. The attack is still possible, but an attacker can only fabricate blocks after the newest checkpoint. This type of checkpoint cannot be used to speed up syncing because it contains no information about the UTXO set, you still have to download the whole blockchain from the beginning to build the UTXO set.
Currently pruning is implemented by deleting blocks older than a certain depth after they have been validated and the UTXO set has been updated. The UTXO set contains all of the information needed to validate new transactions, and the most recent block contains all of the information needed to verify new blocks. Several recent blocks are also kept in case there is a fork, you have to make sure you keep enough old blocks to roll back to before the fork. This type of pruning cannot be used to speed up syncing because you still have to download the whole blockchain from the beginning to build the UTXO set, even though you don't store it. And that's a problem because pruning clients can't serve up blocks they have deleted, so they are a leach on the p2p network.
What I propose is that the checkpoints also include a copy of the UTXO set at the time of their creation. This would allow pruning clients to start syncing at any checkpoint instead of having to start with the genesis block. Recall that the block header of the genesis block is hard-coded into every client, and that the genesis block has no spendable outputs, so in effect every client that starts syncing from scratch is loading a checkpoint at the genesis block. If an arbitrary checkpoint can be trusted just as much as the genesis block "checkpoint" can, the whole network can forget everything before the checkpoint and pretend that the blockchain started there.
This does create a new security concern, as you now have to trust not only the block headers in the checkpoints but also the UTXO set that goes along with it. I would object to blindly trusting a hard-coded UTXO set, so instead (or in addition) we could sync checkpoints over the p2p network. Clients could retain the checkpoint they started syncing from and serve it up, as well as create a checkpoint periodically to help new users sync faster. This could be done like a rolling backup, one checkpoint every 100 blocks, then 1000 blocks, then 10000 blocks and so on all the way back to the genesis block. A new user could download a recent checkpoint, hash it, and ask many peers (and/or a hard-coded list) if the hash was correct. Clients storing many old checkpoints could keep only the differences between each UTXO set to minimize storage use. At present the total storage requirement would be under 1 GiB.
@_date: 2016-11-09 16:54:07
Trump is definitely against cannabis, both medical and recreational. He's threatened to use federal authority to stop medical sales.
@_date: 2016-11-27 22:49:31
Bitcoin is not totally trustless, many parts of the protocol depend on consensus, which requires that you trust the data you are receiving from the majority of your peers. Most of the time this is fine, but if a bad actor controlled your internet connection they could fool you into believing that a fork of their manufacture is actually the longest chain and then double-spend against you. Similarly, in a rolling checkpoint system you have to trust that the checkpoints you are receiving from the majority of your peers actually do represent a historical part of the longest chain. You can try to verify this by downloading (but not necessarily storing) the whole chain and comparing the checkpoints against it, but if a bad actor controls your internet connection they can fake that too, checkpoints or not. You might actually be better off with checkpoints, because a checkpoint hash is sufficiently small that you can have a trusted friend read you one over the phone and type it in yourself, allowing you to detect that your internet connection is being tampered with.
@_date: 2016-11-24 19:13:38
The blockchain does not need to remember transactions forever, it can forget them as soon as they are spent.
@_date: 2016-12-12 14:55:19
No, USD is a shitty gift for the same reason that bitcoin is. It's okay to give somebody money, but not as a main gift. Nobody wants to open up a box full of cash, they want something thoughtful. And also a box of cash.