@_author: ierosadopr
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:22:05
I'm so very sorry for your loss.
@_date: 2017-08-14 09:44:00
LTC has been there from the start, unlike many new alt coins, thus its long history makes worthy of consideration.
Also, by looking at its price chart you would notice that its one of the most stable coins right now, if not the most.
Additionally, people argue its very undervalued since some consider LTC to be the silver to bitcoins gold, yet current value is way below the gold/silver 1:9 true ratio.
Moreover, transactions are much more faster than bitcoin's, and gas price much less, making it a more practical choice when transferring money.
Another very important thing to consider, LTC has the electrum LTC wallet, so you can safely store your coins in any offline usb, without the need to invest over $100 in some fancy hardware wallet such as Trezor or Ledger. This itself is a huge plus given that there are coins which dont have such reliable wallets still (ETH?).
Lastly, before investing I'd suggest you find out about it yourself by joining the LTC subreddit, learn more about the pros n cons of the coin, understand its community.. And keep in mind that constant trading here, if youre not extremely familiar with it (math/finance phd?), is usually counterproductive. Trying to guess the tops and bottoms with the current volatility in crypto is a fool's game.
No matter which coin you buy, my advice would be to store them offline &amp; forget about them. We're still witnessing the early days of crypto so sit back n enjoy the ride.
If you have any other questions, let me know. Id gladly help out a potential fellow cryptoenthusiast :)
@_date: 2017-08-14 08:27:38
@_date: 2017-08-14 10:42:15
Well, im no technical expert, but right now the way BTC blockchain is built limits the number of transactions being processed. However, recently it implemented SegWit, which is tech that paves the way for the "lighting network". This would allegedly enable almost instant transactions in the near future.
Also, not all currencies are as slow as bitcoin. LTC is a naturally faster crypto than bitcoin in terms of transfers, its team implemented segwit before bitcoin did and its expected to make the lightning network available before btc as well :)
@_date: 2017-08-14 10:09:45
Given that your your startup relates to tech, I would think it makes sense that you integrate crypto as a form of payment. Also, its a really convient form of payment for the end user (faster transfers, way less fees, no fiat currency / bank barriers). 
Besides, the more businesses that start accepting it, the more exposure it gets and that kind of support is really needed right now.