@_author: ifkl
@_date: 2014-07-20 04:53:44
It would make much more sense to have the robots owned by the store, and have one to a handful of delivery bots, than have everyone send their personal robots out of the house, dozens at a time. 
@_date: 2014-07-13 11:34:13
On the topic of countries being more or less "free", it's really very hard to say with any objectivity. "Freedom" is a tricky concept to explain, especially when so many "freedoms" come at the cost of infringing on the "freedom" of others. 
Americans may travel to other countries and find their laws towards prostitution or alcohol far more lenient, and decide it's "freer"; or they may see that guns and hate speech are strictly prohibited, and see it as "less free". From an economic standpoint, US corporations enjoy a large amount of freedoms, at the expense of their workers--but by having requirements for employers, you are necessarily reducing "freedom" of business owners, while not making the workers any more "free" (though they might be better off, their liberty doesn't play into it).
"Freedom" isn't a set concept, and nor is the reduction or addition of freedom a necessarily good or bad thing (except in libertarian/anarchist models of society). 
@_date: 2015-05-10 23:39:22
Many reasons. The most relevant to the bitcoin community is that having such a centralized system of trade puts a ton of power in its administrators; ebay itself is not short on issues. Any sort of institution with the power to monitor and maintain ratings and escrows, etc., could abuse that power (much as certain review sites are known to post bad reviews on businesses that don't pay membership fees). 
More relevant to business in general is that there's a much higher degree of trust required in a business relationship (B2B) than in most consumer (B2C and C2C) relationships, because of the much greater costs. You may trust ebay sellers, with zero recourse to aid if they betray that trust, but you are likely not spending huge portions of your income on single trades over ebay. Businesses may take on contracts that could put them under if they go awry, or at the least, lead to massive negative consequences. 
Many of the systems that can protect consumer relationships are poorly suited to businesses. For example, with a rating system, this is not a large problem to ebay sellers, as they can make smaller initial sales without a preexisting rating, until they establish their quality. Such a rating system, however, could destroy new and small businesses who only have a few large contracts, or who haven't done any work yet at all. If the market trusts the ratings, they would lose business; if the market doesn't trust the ratings, they are useless as a system for preventing fraud and bad faith actors. The same applies in an escrow system; this may work well for small purchases made by consumers, but it is very poorly suited to large transactions between businesses, where the quick and efficient flow of goods and capital can be vital for achieving the aims of the contract. 
Lastly, the contractual and other legal relationships (for example, intellectual property dispute) between various companies can be extremely complicated. The tech industry is a big example of this; you may see two or three branches of Microsoft and Google suing each other over some IP dispute, while other branches are coordinating and working together. Persons, natural and legal, may have ongoing disputes with parties they otherwise cooperate with; contractual disputes are often not as simple as the "Buy and Sell" model would seem, but exist within complicated relationships (labor, rental, lease, insurance, utilities and other services, construction, to name a few). eBay ratings are used in a very simple manner of trade--one party sells and delivers an item to another in a given market; they then report the results of this trade (quality of product and delivery, as well as any bad faith from the other party) to the administrator of that market. It's not clear this could be easily extended to more complicated contractual relationships (where there isn't a clear market administrator to report to, nor a clear start/end to the contractual relationship), especially where a bad faith actor may begin many relationships to drive their rating up, and exploit the system to take the money and run (as often happens with various frauds such as ponzi schemes)
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:45:20
Most of international trade is still reliant on contracts, and especially on the reliability of courts (domestic, foreign, and international; that is, not of either party's home nation) in enforcing those contracts. Without a court to enforce those contracts--that is, an entity which is capable of adjudicating disputes and enforcing its decision by seizing the assets/person of the losing party--international trade would be at least much less common, as there would be only self-help methods of enforcement available, which is usually not an effective way of recouping ones' losses (not to mention being illegal in most locales, and hard to carry out from across an ocean).
Not to say that people can't accomplish things without government (they can and do all the time), but international trade is if anything *more* reliant on government intervention than domestic trade, at least in the current system.
@_date: 2014-07-13 09:36:25
Because for Americans, it's a matter of civics, not of ethnicity. Americans are raised to believe in a system, based on laws, and taught that all that put their fair share into the system ought get their fair share back out in return. This is where a lot of the friction over immigration comes from in America; people who are vehemently opposed to things such as amnesty frequently believe that immigrants are *abusing* the system, not seeking to be active participants.
We do use the term "American people" frequently as well, but there's a difference between the civic and political rights *and responsibilities* that come with citizenry, and the human rights that should be afforded to all peoples. Privacy as a political right and privacy as a human right are quite different things. Likewise, freedom of speech and its limits are a huge question of civic vs. human rights; many countries have limitations on freedom of speech that would never be acceptable to Americans, while not infringing on the rights of the people to have their political expression, for example many other western countries have official government agencies that handle censorship of movies, books, games and other artworks, and laws banning/forbidding certain content (Germany being a great example). 
If you believe that, say, the NSA wiretapping is a violation of a *civic* right, that doesn't necessarily imply that you believe it is a violation of a *human* right. 
EDIT: I feel like it's worth noting that Americans will also use terms such as "taxpayers" and "taxpaying citizens", even when the issue at hand has very little or even nothing to do with taxation. Again, this goes back to the concept of a participatory democracy, which is so deeply rooted in the American psyche that we often don't think about it, but still plays a huge role in the way Americans (on both sides of mainstream politics) generally feel that people who take from the system should also contribute to it. The idea being "I pay taxes to the government, so I should have a say in the way government is run", or more popularly, "no taxation without representation", a founding tenet of American society. 
@_date: 2015-05-10 23:18:34
Yes, there is no debate that there isn't a requirement for a central world court to debate international disputes. However the fact that there is forum shopping, fights over jurisdiction and so on shows clearly that parties (at least within the current system) desire their disputes to be settled in a court whose decisions have binding legal power. The reason these courts are used isn't as a simple third party--arbitration would suffice for that, and may resolve disputes more quickly and with lower costs. They are used because they can invoke the power of a state to seize assets (and persons) who do not comply with their orders. It's not impossible to privatize this system, but you have to accept returning the right to use of force to private groups, which would be quite the can of worms.
@_date: 2015-07-22 08:13:55
It is absolutely their choice whether to encourage, discourage, allow or ban tipping. They don't want their model to include tipping for whatever reason; maybe consistency of service, maybe predictability of pricing, maybe because they want to make sure that their drivers are getting a fair cut whether the client tips well or not. There could be financial/legal reasons. 
One business owner's decision to disallow tipping is their business; it's not like they're going up to waiters and smacking the cash from their hands.
@_date: 2015-07-22 12:39:04
The figures I've seen show that uber drivers are making a fair deal; it's not surprising that uber can offer lower rates when their operating requirements are so much lower, and their clientele is so much larger. If uber's rates are too low, there are three perfectly reasonable options: Drivers can choose to work elsewhere, uber could change their tipping policy, or uber can raise their rates. Any of these make more sense than forcing drivers to violate policy, and confuse consumers.
@_date: 2015-07-17 11:59:10
This issue... has absolutely nothing to do with net neutrality. Net neutrality doesn't mean "Everything on the internet is fair", it means very specifically that data transferred by ISPs should not be limited or prioritized on the basis of its source or content.
This is a matter of providing financial, not network services, and paying fees on the transfer of money, not data. It's not even entirely clear that the major companies are doing anything wrong--there's a thin line between an agreement for two companies to partner together and anti-competitive practices.
@_date: 2015-07-29 03:54:18


generally no. The primary mission objectives of police are to enforce the law (which is why we call them Law Enforcement), and to a lesser extent to keep civil order. Security, especially in the sense of preventing terrorism, is not really in their job description until *after* it's too late. 
@_date: 2015-07-29 05:04:35
The DHS, whatever its failings, was originally designed to condense many other agencies into a single umbrella to lower inefficiencies and decrease mistakes, like those that lead to 9/11. As a practical matter, domestic terrorism is a larger issue in the USA than Islamic extremist terrorism. If your goal is to reduce the latter, yes, surveillance is probably the most effective method. 
I'm not here to cast moral judgment or say security is more important than liberty. I'm just pointing out that no, police are *not* a security force, nor a counter terrorist force, and frankly turning them in to one is much more terrifying than the idea of the dhs
@_date: 2015-07-31 21:40:23
Yep. Remittance fees for WU are higher than I pay through my bank, so I never use their services--on the other hand, there's a WU branch just up the street, and nowhere in the country that I'd trust for exchanging cash for BTC. They wouldn't even need to replace their classic wire transfer service; just supplement it. 
@_date: 2015-07-22 16:26:57
He's a customer, complaining about the service he was given. What is wrong with that? 
@_date: 2015-07-22 12:35:27
So it's reasonable for employees to demand bribes in order not to have you removed from the customer pool, and you don't see why the company would want to discourage that sort of behavior?
@_date: 2015-09-01 04:53:44
Okay, let's assume the ISPs are the NSA's bitch. What's the NSA's motivation for shutting down bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:41:27
I don't really see how this is an advantage for the cop... I mean, this would mean that his spending is much more easily tracked and less convenient for the time being at least, and if all he wanted was to make money from investing in bitcoin, wouldn't it make more sense to have the money he wants to spend in USD, and then invest the leftover?
This seems like a victory for PR, sure, but practically?
@_date: 2013-12-04 20:28:14
Which is what I was saying; it's cool that the city is willing to do it, but I don't see any practical value to anyone here. 
I don't see how this helps to deconstruct anything; he's still going to be just as reliant on the US dollar as he would've been otherwise, and he's going to keep feeding from and into the system. Spending bitcoin might eventually get to the point where it could weaken and displace the USD, but investing and hoarding won't do that. Right now he's going to be taking in bitcoin, but that doesn't mean he's going to do anything but turn around and convert it back into US dollars.