@_author: ifollowhawks
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:51:28
I wasn't as clear as I could have been. The issue is whether bitcoin is considered a currency by the IRS. If it is, 988 applies. What that means is that if BTC appreciates between the time you invoice, and the time you get paid in BTC - it is ordinary income to the business. But if BTC (or any other "nonfunctional" currency) goes down btwn invoice and receipt of payment it is an ordinary loss. So the "fluctuations" (which a another commenter pointed out means up AND down) should even each other out. Now - that's just appreciation/depreciation from time of contract to time of sale.  There could be a second taxable event if the company holds the BTC and then uses it to pay another vendor. 
But if BTC isn't a currency? Then we have a straight up barter situation. It doesn't matter what BTC is. Appreciation is going to be taxable because that's the way the US government rolls. It just depends on how it is reported.. And it's unclear what stance the IRS will take. 
Now- if the IRS passes regs, that's it. bTC is treated however the IRS says BTC is treated as log as the code is silent on it (it is) and proper procedures are followed. 
I don't think you're crazy. I think as long as there is a good faith effort to report the BtC transactions - the company is all set. The key is to treat it the same year-to-year and not change the treatment just because it works out better in the current situation. 
This is NOT legal advice. It is not intended to be, and cannot be, used to avoid penalties or evade taxes. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:16:19
I'd say it's more of a conduit in this situation. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:28:56
I don't think the tax issues are terribly complicated for a company, but it comes down to whether the company can justify treating bitcoin as a currency. If it 
can, the. The fluctuations are just treated as ordinary gains/losses under IRC 988 for US companies if BTC is considered a nonfunctional currency. 
It's more complicated if the BTC is a commodity. Maybe. Of course, it looks weird if a company is dealing in large amounts of BTC and reporting gains/losses  based on fluctuations whenever it converts/spends/invoices/receives BTC and this might trigger an audit.  But it really depends.  The bottom line, though is tat ye free publicity from this current media frenzy might be worth living on the edge a little bit. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:06:41
I agree with you.