@_author: iforgotmyusernameee
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:23:34
Bitconnect is gaining legitimacy every day - these naysayers can keep screaming scam all they want, but all I see is: BCC coin going through the roof with consistent growth, BCC paying out for well over a year at this point, BCC is  on coinmarketcap after smashing past $1 billion market cap (now at 1.6bil).
They've survived the test of time, have shown rapid and consistent growth, and I think they have developed a very interesting and successful business model that is not a ponzi or even a scam. Due to some ingenious riggings of their system, they still make substantial profit after sharing with all their investors and affiliates.  
They JUST had the conference which this video came from, and that awkward cringefest is only going to draw more attention (read:money&amp;power) to bitconnect.  They also announced plans for a BCC-loadable smart credit/debit card.
All these ingredients show me that bitconnect is here to stay.  There are plenty of sketchier lending platforms out there, with much greater promise of ROI than bitconnect offers.  I think what they offer is very reasonable and I think their business model is sustainable.
For full disclosure, I don't lend or stake in BCC yet... but I do plan to diversify there soon.  If anything, treat platforms like bitconnect as a gamble.  You can start small, and work to recover your initial investment before compounding profits.
Personally, I like bitpetite and chaingroup a bit more than bitconnect.  Higher potential for profit, faster payouts, shorter lending terms, and a lot of benefits over BCC - but BCC has a very secure 1.6bil market cap and at this point it's becoming harder and harder to defensibly call it a scam.
I'm no professional and honestly more of a gambler than a trader, so take my advice as you will.  If you found it helpful or you end up signing up, it would be cool to use bearface as a referral, but if you don't that's cool too.  
Good luck out there!