@_author: igelli
@_date: 2017-12-16 22:48:08
Hi! Would you be willing to consider Healthy Asian Youth Non-Profit organization in Columbus, OH. 
Healthy Asian Youth started out as an after school program helping underprivileged and impoverished Laotian, Cambodian, Vietnamese communities in the heart of Columbus, OH. 
It has since then expanded to over 100s of kids of all ethnicities from inter-city schools ranging from pre-school to high school. The goal is to help keep the kids active and expressive through after school extracurriculars such as dance, sports, art, and learning. This keeps the youth safe and off the streets. Historically many of these kids go home to no parents, little family, and unsafe environments that lead to gang violence, criminal activities, and drugs. Since the start of the program, with help through a few volunteers from The Ohio State Universities (HAY-U club and other Asian orgs) have had a 100% graduation rate in all age groups. Each year this org is self funded through student donations and small grants from the city / an Asian American community group. They have to pay and fund for after school tutoring material, bus rides to and from the families homes/schools, special event meals such as cookouts or snacks for the kids,  taking them to field trips such as the zoo, or COSI in Columbus. 
Any donation would greatly support the growth of this small org but also make a huge impact in the inner-city lifestyle of these young kids. Also every year the org host a Christmas party that gives one wish to each of the kids since many of their families can not afford to give presents to them during the holidays. 
I’ve linked more information below:
 (Daniel Nam is the lead organizer of the program and has been with it since the start. He contributes all his free time to the positive growth of these kids). 
Thank you for taking the time to consider HAY. Back in college I was a volunteer and huge advocate for the community and program. I see a lot of the kids there as my younger siblings and would sincerely appreciate your consideration for your charity contributions!!
Kevin