@_author: igeorgeousi
@_date: 2014-08-29 11:02:53
Sovereign and Brittania (minted by the Royal Mint) gold coins are legal tender in the UK.
Therefore no capital gains tax is paid on them!
@_date: 2014-11-30 01:38:06
And then the stored water in dams could be used to run hydro-power generators etc
@_date: 2014-11-30 19:55:58
I've just downloaded it and the option to back up to shamirs secret sharing scheme is great!
Although as you need to be online to create a new wallet and the 12 word seed is displayed on screen in plaintext I'm not sure I would use it to store much money. Even if my bitcoin is secure and can't be spent (due to the android app multisig) my seed and therefore addresses could still be known and are therefore not private 
Is there a way to make a new wallet offline?
I love how intuitive and slick the wallet is, I'm most impressed
@_date: 2014-11-30 16:59:34
If the world adopts bitcoin then each bitcoin will have to increase MASSIVELY to be able to store and transact the wealth of the world
The best way to get bitcoin is to take a skill you have or a product you can make and sell it for bitcoin. There are LOADS of market gaps waiting to happen, every place you can't spend bitcoin for a product you would like to buy is a business opportunity. 
I'm talking doing maths homework, selling cakes, youtube reviews/original content, selling local advice about the area you live in to prospective business owners, delivering parcels in your town by offering a bicycle courier service, offering to set up local business to accept bitcoin for a consultancy fee (just sign them up to a bitpay account))
There are subreddits like (?) where you can start out with some ideas :)
Provide something to the bitcoin ecosystem and make a side business in your spare time!
@_date: 2014-11-11 14:03:16
Of course!
You can have as many different wallets as you like! Just make sure you remember them all
Lots of people use a smartphone wallet for spending, known as a 'hot wallet'. 
Breadwallet for iOS is very secure 
And mycelium for android is too, plus it's 'local trader' feature tells you how close there's a person who wants to buy or sell bitcoin for cash!
@_date: 2014-10-13 17:19:30
This is a great idea and should fully utilize bitcoin. I watched the demo and I was very impressed but I think you are missing some of bitcoins biggest benefits such as micropayments and easy pay per view webpages.
You could set these up in very high traffic areas where good internet connection is patchy - my first thought is the London underground but there are probably legal troubles about that. Maybe near a busy standing coffee stall where people stand around for a few minutes. A bitcoin ATM nearby would be perfect
When first connecting to the wifi a landing page could have links to purchase bitcoin and advertising of bitcoin business nearby.
Perhaps the coffee shop could set up a basic website to redeem vouchers bought at their shop for bitcoin, in order to pay for the wifi.
Users could then either pay by the minute for full access, or per view. Users could enter the url of a website or a search term into the duckduckgo search engine and then be faced with a QR code to pay a few satoshis to view that one webpage. 
As well as potential increase in income this set up will also demonstrate how versatile bitcoin is.
Charging bitcoin businesses to be included on a list of websites that can be accessed for free on your wifi and providing them with adspace could be another income stream. 
If you can somehow merge all that into what said about integrating into internet cafe's and becoming their landing page you could be onto a winner
@_date: 2014-11-30 22:45:02
Could you put together a bounty address to sponsor a new developer(s)?
Rather than linking a donation address you could manage a bounty simply for people  sending you a resume, all the way up to sponsoring x months of paid work
 I think there are lots of people who want to help you guys out but aren't devs themselves. Capital is all we have to offer 
@_date: 2014-11-30 01:36:38
Don't waste energy pumping water uphill!
Research permaculture. 
All your water can be caught and stored in your land, in level on-contour ditches to collect and dams and ponds to store it
Permaculture is a design system where all inputs and resources are fully utilised for human habitation with minimal unused outputs (pollution)
Bitcoin and permaculture share many of the same ideals. Google 'colony earth' and you'll find independent permaculture communities using crypto and bitcoin to survive outside the system
@_date: 2014-10-22 21:35:26
You could keep some pegged to a certain fiat value with [Coinapult's Locks](
This has the disadvantage of preventing those locked coins from gaining if bitcoin suddenly rises. But if you think an upward movement in price is likely you can just unlock them again
@_date: 2014-10-25 16:47:06
[+1] 's Waze GPS idea for a real life Open Bazaar and the courier-escrow delivery system [+1] talked about earlier gave me some ideas to put them all together into making localalised bitcoin economies where products you order could be delivered or picked up within hours as all participants are the in same area.
There was a thread earlier here by talking about a bitcoin courier escrow service where the buyer pays with bitcoin once the package is delivered to their house so goods can be checked. The courier would then sign a 2 of 3 multisig along with the buyer to release the funds to the seller.
Anyone willing to travel for pay could participate. Teenagers with mopeds could easily play this role in a local economy if there was a courier/escrow smartphone app for couriers to offer their services. They could build reputation with smaller deliveries. 
This is quick money for time rich coin poor teenagers to use the assets they have (mopeds, bicycle, their feet) to make some money.
A reputable courier escrow startup with an easy to use app could provide insurance against couriers stealing goods by demanding bitcoin collateral from couriers before giving them accreditation. The company could provide lockboxes to their couriers that can be locked and sealed by the goods seller and the box unlocks itself when bitcoin payment is received to the address of the seller. The courier then delivers the item to the buyer who then pays the lockbox QR code or confirms with the courier to release funds from escrow.
This setup would provide:
* a localalised economy to sell into
* same day delivery of local products 
* job opportunities for anyone willing to move from A to B for bitcoin 
* local specialty products that can help provide community culture
An app or website that could provide some kind service like this would be great!
@_date: 2014-09-03 23:02:05
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:36:48
I second this!
Pay as you go dumb phones paid for with bitcoin would be great
@_date: 2014-11-30 15:50:11
Does this mean a cheap cheap android device can be used as a hardware wallet?
How does this compare to the Trezor in terms of security. What attack vectors exist with your service as compared to a Trezor?
I don't like the fact that with Trezor you have to use their server, and it is therefore not private (edit: I do know electrum and others are working on functionality for hardware wallets like Trezor so this problem will soon be fixed)
Does there exist an android smartphone version of a raspberry pi?
A barebones android with your wallet as it's sole capability you could sell a very cheap hardware wallet, no?
@_date: 2014-11-30 12:17:10
It might be helpful to post a link to their website and their bitcoin address
Edit: 
If you are in contact with them could you pass on a bit of feedback?
The mobile site is very slow and image heavy. 
I had to google for their bitcoin address, couldn't find it on the page, everything seems to be listed all together on one endlessly scrolling page. 
I was expecting 'who we are', 'what we do' and 'how you can help us' subheadings to easily navigate 
Good luck, I donated
@_date: 2014-11-30 16:33:03
I agree with you
Kids now are growing up using smartphones and the internet. When they're in their twenties living by themselves why would they carry cash if all they need is a phone with bitcoin on it?
Having to carry around jingly change annoys me already!
@_date: 2014-11-11 13:26:48
Electrum is a much better place to store your bitcoin than most online web wallets! 
You can back up with just 12
For secure long term storage in inaccessible to malware and viruses, you should create a new electrum wallet when you're pc is OFFLINE
Write down the 12 back up words on a piece of paper 
Write down the first 'receive address' and triple check all characters are correct. Although don't worry, a simple typo in the address won't send bitcoin to the wrong address, it just won't go anywhere
Delete the wallet BEFORE your computer is back online. You now have a cold storage bitcoin wallet! Only the 12 words need to be kept safe (in several places) to back up your money
Send a test amount of a few bits to the address you wrote down and make sure the transaction goes through, before sending all your money
@_date: 2014-10-30 13:56:50
Hold your bitcoin pegged to a USD/EUR or Gold with [Coinapult's Locks](
This goes some way to solve the volatility problem.
The only downside is that you need trust in a 3rd party. Unless coinapult allows you to keep total control of your private keys? I'm not sure
@_date: 2014-10-21 01:21:54
You don't need to give out personal info to receive payment and payment in fiat requires a third party
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:43:00
Here's a way to future proof your key retrieval without trusting anyone and even a way to get them back in a real emergency
 !
Split your private key into several pieces (2-99) with a threshold number of pieces needed to decrypt your private key. 
Split the key into 4 'key' pieces with a threshold of 2 needed to decrypt. Each keypiece (very long string of alphanumeric) is useless on its own. Only when 2 of the 4 are used together can you decrypt your private key.
Set up 4 delayed email services to send emails to you after desired time. Each email service only holds 1 piece so cannot steal your coins, unless they collude. As the string piece each email company holds is gibberish and gives no indication of what information it holds or where other pieces are hidden it is near impossible to do so.
The use of 4 email services protects against some of the services going out of business before your time limit expires, or any other problems. Eggs in many baskets!
In case you change your email address etc. each delayed email provider could also send it's keypiece to friends. Each friend would also only hold one keypiece so could not steal from you. Keep the identity of the other friends with keypieces secret or use people that don't know eachother so they couldn't collude either.
Passguardian uses a well known algorithm called Sharmir's sharing scheme, so even if pass guardian ceases to exist you can still get your private key back!
This method is also useful for backing up cold storage paper wallets
You could even use 6 keypieces and keep 2 of them somewhere difficult to get to so they can be retrieved in an absolute emergency.
E.g save each of the emergency pieces at two different friend's houses and make a big fuss about how you'll never need them or something so it's really embarrassing to go back and ask for it. A deterrent unless you have a VERY good reason to get them 
@_date: 2014-10-25 15:14:17


@_date: 2014-10-27 12:31:27
Could you hold bitcoin but have it pegged to a fiat value?
[Coinapult's Locks]( lets you do this