@_author: i-give-upvotes
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:04:42
And it's for this exact reason, why Bitcoin will never take off. All government will look like heroes shutting down Bitcoin which is used for Tax evasion. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:22:51
This is a public space, and it's important to discuss this. I'm sorry I'm my words triggered you, but seriously, many are going to lose their savings, if not worst.
This is not a game. For those who are still holding, best of luck. You may win a hand, here and there, but if you don't know when to get out, then the House will win. This is how it always goes.
Fodder for the rich and the rich are always hungry.
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:15:19
Exactly, and it would be so easy for all governments to constantly manipulate and play with Bitcoin's valuation. They will fuck with your bitcoin with bad press (tax evasion, ties to criminal activities) and by making it crazy volatile.
Meanwhile, it will take the blockchain technology, adapt it to fiat, and voila! Not need for Bitcoin or any of its alternatives. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:46:54
People are going to get fleeced. Most of you don't even realize how many governments, and powerful people are manipulating Bitcoin. Pump and dump. Fiat is going nowhere. At worst, it will just adopt blockchain technology (which is open source). But, anyone who believes Botcoin will actually become a stateless currency adopted globally... Haha. Come on. The powerful will shut this shit down. France is already working on a task force to bring down Bitcoin, citing tax evasion. They are already working on the optics (drugs, sex trafficking, tax evasion, etc).  
Seriously, this was a nice pipe dream. But if you think the multibillionaires are just going to roll over and hand over their wealth, power and status to a bunch of noobs... Then I really don't know what to say to you. 
The game is rigged. You are born into this game. You will abide by the rules. Fiat is here to stay, unless the powers that be, decide otherwise.
Invest in Low cost index funds. Buy actual companies that generate actual revenue. Dividends are amazing! 
This is not investing; it's speculation.
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:27:23
But the young usually do not vote, and the amount of SK who are investing is not even close to the majority. 
There are more ramifications not banning bitcoin for the government, than allowing it to go rampant. 
If they ban it, only a percentage of population will be upset. But within a year, life will go on. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 19:59:16
Tl;dr:There's no such thing as easy money. Some get lucky, most do not.
By manipulation I mean that they do have hand in game, but can THEY control the game. Heard about SK high officials pumping and dumping?
Let me ask you this: What is bitcoin worth if it never becomes a widespread currency?And, that block chain technology,well, it is open source and I predict governments will quickly adopt block chain with fiat. 
And it's easy to shut down. You ban it. You prevent banks from allowing users to buy it. You prevent credit card companies from allowing users to buy it. You prevent stores from accepting bitcoin. Then you create negative press like how bitcoin is used for tax evasion and serious crimes, then all of a sudden a massive amount of people no longer trusts it. 
In order for bitcoin to work, it needs to be adopted by the populace. And the govts have no incentive to just let Bitcoin become the next global currency without a fight. It's ridiculous to even entertain that!
Look I'm all for the ideals of bitcoin but it's pipe dream. Why not put your money in gold? It has history as least as a currency. Bitcoin has a long shot of ever reaching that in the future. 
And if everyone is cool with that, awesome! Happy speculation!  
But there are some ppl who have maxed out their fucking credit cards GAMBLING hoping to win a lottery. Some people are going to lose BIG TIME! 
I don't mean to burst your bubble (ha!) But this is   very serious and should be brought up.
