@_author: igm7ee63
@_date: 2014-03-11 22:52:23
Jesus christ you're naive. This is only hurting middle class expats, who will have to pay thousands of dollars to accountants to prove to the government they don't owe any taxes. Do you think the millionaires and billionaire tax evaders out there aren't going to find a way around this? Of fucking course they are. I'm honored that you think I'm some big shot who deserves to "suffer", but guess what asshole, I'm just a middle class guy with a foreign wife who's never cheated on his taxes in his life (and has no intention to) and this law is just going to be a royal pain in *my* ass without making a dent in the fortunes of the actual robber barons out there. But it looks like shitting on the middle class brings you all kinds of satisfaction, so go ahead and soak it up.
I got news for you bud: the mafia capitalism of the world is the good ol' US of A. You think it's a coincidence that the rich (individuals and corporations) have made out like bandits for so long? Stop drinking the kool-aid and wake up, asshole.
@_date: 2014-03-12 11:57:09
Apologies for the name-calling. I like to think I'm better than that but I got riled up yesterday over this whole thing. I appreciate your response and I can understand where you're coming from. I'll pick up a copy of that book, I am interested in what Shaxton has to say about it.
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:24:47
You're a goddamn moron. The vast majority of expats are NOT tax evaders. It's going to cost more to implement FATCA than the law will collect in extra tax revenue. From the wikipedia article:
*Although numbers are still somewhat speculative, estimates of the additional revenue raised seem to be heavily outweighed by the cost of implementing the legislation. The Association of Certified Financial Crime Specialists (ACFCS) claims FATCA is expected to raise revenues of approximately US$800 million per year for the US Treasury; however, the costs of implementation are more difficult to estimate, and estimates between hundreds of millions and over US$10 billion have been published.[31] ACFCS also claims it is extremely likely that the cost of implementing FATCA (which will be borne by the foreign financial institutions) will far outweigh the revenues raised by the US Treasury, even excluding the additional costs to the US Internal Revenue Service for the staffing and resources needed to process the data produced.[32] Unusually, FATCA was not subject to a cost/benefit analysis by the Committee on Ways and Means.*
