@_author: igobyplane_com
@_date: 2018-09-28 03:52:03


i mean, it's not that hard, and you seem to be arguing why gold is bad as circulating in your hands money.  this isn't an argument as to why bitcoin is a better store of value or why we need something to replace gold though.  just why not gold things are easier for day to day use.


sure, but bitcoin wasn't made to replace or in case of a collapsed currency, it was made to compete with a fiat one.  bitcoin used as a currency can compete with usd, bitcoin to replace a collapsed usd?  unlikely to happen any time soon, despite what people who exaggerate/don't understand economics may say when they think the dollar will collapse any day now...  currency controls seems a bit of a mixed bag, on one hand yes, easier to buy crypto maybe, on the other hand, maybe not as easy to hide as one may hope.  in any case it's clear from the genesis block that the use case wasn't simply "break glass in case of currency collapse"


these are pretty valid but i don't see them negating the thousands of years of use of gold.  you will note how few people *actually* seek a basic store of value by how few actually invest in gold.


i've literally talked to hundreds of people about currencies and gold before bitcoin was even around, and certainly plenty now that it is here, as stated i'm a libertarian and it's not an uncommon topic - exactly what statement of mine are you finding so problematic?


you could have anonymously bought gold and hid it ias well.  in any case, you being lucky enough to hold onto it while it appreciated gave you the financial windfall to move forward with.  nonetheless, this doesn't mean it's a better store of value of gold nor that the world needs something to compete with gold.  bitcoin itself is very volatile and doesn't have the greatest track record as a store of value itself.  you sound like the rare case of actually buying it as a store of value to hide some assets, a risky choice at that, and one where you got lucky.  this doesn't mean the fomo speculators are doing the same, and anyone who claims they bought it as a store of value while hoping/expecting it to lambo does not even understand the point of a store of value.  keyword being store, you put some value in, then you take the same value out.
@_date: 2018-09-29 20:38:16
that is improving or some places can use zero conf now, plenty of transactions don't need that instant conf too though.
why wouldn't you expect the price to be even more volatile, if most people don't use it beyond speculating?  holding for speculative investment wouldn't be competing with gold to me, but competing against the lottery, as that's not really the use case for buying gold.
@_date: 2018-09-26 16:54:04
there's nothing indicating the dollar is going to "collapse" any time soon, it hardly displays similarities all that meaningful or strong with any currency that has \*actually\* collapsed.
@_date: 2018-09-26 16:58:12
why would CNY anyway, it's a very commonly known thing that they BS their gdp numbers for example - if a reserve currency requires trust in someone to manage fiat they are hardly the most trustworthy guys in the room.
@_date: 2018-09-28 02:22:54
why would bitcoin replace it?  there is nothing wrong with gold as is, and it has thousands of years of history vs. bitcoin's like 8. like no one is using bitcoin simply as a store of value today either.  this community is full of people holding it to get lambos.  a store of value is simply to store value - not gain it.  that is the point of gold, or sitting on something like bonds or inflation protected securities, you are just supposed to maintain the same level of wealth.  how many people do you know buying bitcoin and expecting that?  almost everyone is a hodler who is simply speculating and hoping it builds them wealth.  they buy it as a lottery ticket and that's as far as they understand it.  i was talking about gold and fiat over a decade ago when ron paul was running for president and there's only a small percentage who even know/care about how money works or might work.  to claim that all these other people with interest in bitcoin now are adopting it for anything other than a lottery ticket is just denial.
there is no such thing as silver and that's just a weird analogy people came up with for litecoin, which is not even interesting to talk about.  bitcoin wasn't created to replace gold, it was created to *act like a system based on gold money would* - because no country is ever planning on monetizing gold again.  this is exactly what people like austrians and ron paul have asked for but was not going to happen.  so satoshi made bitcoin, which acts analogously - there is a limited amount; you have to mine it; on the base level, it is a fully reserved banking system - this is all literally austrian economics wet dream money.  and its design was to act like gold but compete with fiat, not gold.  
how do i know most people are just hodling and hoping this makes them wealthy and don't even know fuck all about fiat money or gold history or stores of values etc without them telling me their intent?  well because open your eyes, it is pretty obvious.  as i stated i have been interested in money and gold for a while and i could already tell you all the people around me who had any interest at all.  and it is pretty clear now when my nail salon owning friend or some dude from high school message me what they think and want, if they don't outright even say it.  i've also watched bitcoin from the beginning and seen who has entered in at various stages and what they think, and i've seen it while visiting southeast asia in some communities over the last 3 years too.  i don't mistake speculative lotto ticket seekers with people adopting a digital currency for usage as a store of value - why do you?
@_date: 2018-09-27 22:27:48
i don't disagree.  but gold has been perceived as this for hundreds of years.  if you are arguing bitcoin is going to replace it, you seem to have missed the point that fiat is the problem bitcoin was designed to address, not gold.  and this store of value first/only narrative is only a recent one, and i would argue a pretty shit one at that.  bitcoin is not doing well in this belief area anyway, since most of the people who claim to hold it as a store of value are actually hoping it makes them wealthy (totally not the point of a store of value - to just maintain purchasing power) and the wider belief is it's essentially a lottery ticket.
@_date: 2018-09-27 22:31:02
no, there is already a good store of value and the ultimate reserve currency, gold, which bitcoin isn't going to replace and wasn't designed to compete with anyway.  it was designed to compete with fiat.  it would be nice if the greater community was interested in that, instead of competing with gold, or competing with the lottery.
@_date: 2018-09-27 22:25:34
sure - that doesn't mean there is something better.  also the something better already exists, and they do hold it, just not as much - gold.
@_date: 2018-09-26 17:02:31
the point of a reserve currency is defend currency x.  ie. iceland owns dollars so that if people are dumping krona, they can try and stop the bleeding by purchasing the krona themselves with dollars.  why would there ever need to be a reserve currency in crypto at all?  the concept is just nonsense.
on that note so is bitcoin as digital gold or store of value only.  gold is a better store of value, the point of bitcoin is to be a currency, value determined by supply and demand with greater demand leading to currency appreciation, and it's designed in such away to inherit the discipline/be analogous to gold (fixed amount, mining, fully reserved base system), which no country will allow to be monetized.  it's a voluntary digital version of monetized gold.  the world doesn't need a digital store of value system, but it could use a competing currency based on fully reserved banking and controlled by no one.
@_date: 2018-09-26 16:55:19
that's because it's not on there and you don't need a reserve currency in crypto, if anyone in crypto actually became interested in using it as money instead of a lottery ticket to hodl and get rich
@_date: 2018-09-26 20:35:44
yeah but if you can't trust them, then you don't want to hold their currency.  it is already known that they falsify numbers.  i'm not going to trust them any more when they are simply bigger, and have a history of falsifying numbers.
@_date: 2018-09-28 18:28:55
there is the saying "if you don't hold it, you don't own it" and i have been the victim of some fraud in that department (bulliondirect.com) - nevertheless, i don't disagree that there are some aspects technically of bitcoin/crypto that are advantageous.
where i disagree is that gold needs a competitor that acts as a non-monetized store of value.  it has the history and track record already and bitcoin was clearly started to be the alternate to fiat which governments were not going to allow gold to be.  bitcoin should be competing against fiat, not gold, and it does not need to compete with gold first, or ever really.
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:17:37
seems all sports?  in the past i've used intrade, current us regulated/approved prediction market is predictit.org
@_date: 2018-05-06 07:31:55
i don't think long term that BCH will scale with on chain only.  but i do believe it is a sin to harm market adoption.  it remains to be seen whether BTC/LN actually works like all have faith in it too vs. BCH in regards to actual adoption.  and by adoption i mean actual merchant use and p2p transactions, not a bunch of speculators HODLing.
@_date: 2018-05-04 06:48:04
people need to use it for transactions for it to attain a stable purchasing power.
hodl only is simply pure speculation in something and ignoring any use case whatsoever, also contributing to purchasing power.
a USD is 99% real use (plenty by force via the government and petrodollar system) and 1% speculation.  crypto is more like the exact opposite.
there's no reason to expect greater hodl fools into perpetuity or to expect hodl will lead to a coin being adopted in the future for use as money or to perpetually go up.  in fact i would argue hodl harms this mission as it puts the coins simply in the hands of speculators and as long as more keep coming in, the currency becomes highly deflationary and people will not spend it - which needs to happen for actual adoption to take place and find an actual stable purchasing power for the currency.
@_date: 2018-05-06 07:21:53
wow, the rare person that actually understands the entire point of cryptocurrency and that transactions are what really gives it value, not speculative hodling.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:20:14
i'm not on a pedestal, i just do real research and use critical thinking skills, instead of swallowing down alex jones koolaid bukkakes like you.  maybe some day instead of listening to blowhards you will actually research some currencies that collapsed and be able to properly compare them to other currencies.  however that day is not today.
@_date: 2018-08-13 14:52:18
sadly i agree.
@_date: 2018-05-02 06:57:03
no, you have that completely backwards.  it's not a reserve currency of the world, so it's debt matters significantly more than the US's.  japan's 2017 debt to gdp was 253%.  the US was 105.4% *and* it has the *massive* advantage of being the world's reserve currency and owing its debt in its own currency.
i'm not saying japan is "great" - i am saying these people who keep acting like the USD is about to tip over and collapse live in a complete and utter fantasy, because japan is in a far far far worse situation and the sky hasn't fallen yet.


US economy; and that's not an argument - that's literally exactly how it works.  a country can theoretically live forever, and it only needs to be able to keep paying its bills, not pay them off.  you need to pay yours off at least at the end because you die, and your creditors will take your shit.


this is a completely meaningless number for them to politic around.  it means absolutely nothing.  the market tells you when you've hit your debt ceiling because they'll no longer lend to you, or your rates go through the roof.  your old codgers in congress don't decide this.


once a situation that will never happen happens i'll worry about it.  why would they even do this?  the US got a bunch of chinese stuff and gave china 1 trillion in IOUs.  you think china wants to dump all those IOUs to harm the US?  it would be mutually assured economic destruction as they also harm themselves.  and that would also mean the IOUs are worth way less - so instead of giving us 1 trillion of stuff for 1 trillion in IOUs, they'll have given us 1 trillion worth of stuff for free.  why would they be so stupid to do this?  


why would this even be the response?  USD purchasing power would go down because demand declined for dollars, not because we'd supposedly have to print more or only print more.
@_date: 2018-05-07 06:38:03
is there anywhere with actual atm use stats?
@_date: 2018-05-10 15:24:20
that stuff is for tourists, real chicago pizza is thin crust square cut bar pizza
@_date: 2018-05-23 19:36:52
you don't help it change the world for the better by selling or holding it or caring about its fiat price at any given time.  the project is only successful in its mission if you buy/sell goods/services with it.
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:21:09
if you look at currencies that have actually collapsed, they need to have something like say 6 of 10 elements, even though they may not be the same ones.  and although the US may have some of those elements, it certainly doesn't have enough to put it in any danger of any sort of collapse any time soon.  but the amount of people that claim this, which has certainly been going on pre-bitcoin, is annoying AF.
i don't expect the USD to keep its dominance as the decades move forward.  but the collapse claims are ridiculous and made far too often.
@_date: 2018-05-18 18:25:26


maybe to make this more analogous to the use, at M1 there are loans and the supply is larger in the US fractional system, but a bitcoin C1 would not have any fractionally created money at this bank/user level.  i don't believe an exchange or even further out, derivatives, can make bitcoin anything but fully reserved.
a gold backed bank could print more notes because people paid and settled debts in notes instead of gold.  this doesn't happen with bitcoin where people pay and settle debts with the base unit of bitcoin. 


wouldn't this speak more to a lack of decentralization or peer to peer cash?  are these not simply all examples of trusting a pseudo-bank operating in a fully reserved system to itself operate fully reserved?  these 'banks' can stray and run as fractionally reserved, but if there's a run on the bank the jig is up and it will die - bad acting bank or not, the system is still fully reserved is it not?


i don't disagree.  my point is simply that as volatile a new voluntary currency is, inflation/deflation/appreciation aside, bitcoin adoption seemed to be moving along a lot better in prior years where speculators looking to buy and hodl and get rich didn't seem to be nearly as prevalent.
people seemed more interesting in both holding and using it then as should actually be done with a currency.
@_date: 2018-05-05 04:50:15
seems an apt description of you, i guess we'll just wait and see what happens hmm.
@_date: 2018-05-02 06:32:16
non-gold has come and gone.  some fiat has failed some has done well enough.  it is not as if the USD is on par with the zimbabwe dollar.  gold was used out of convenience and out of dictation by the tax collectors - as were other non-gold forms of money throughout 6000 years.  fiat is not yet over either.
@_date: 2018-05-01 09:42:11
i'm going to agree with zluck completely.  the point of currency is not to make your wealthy or grow your capital, its store of value feature is simply to preserve it.  if you are buying USD or EUR or BTC just because you're hoping it goes up, you're trading/speculating.  
@_date: 2018-05-31 20:45:46
thanks!  looks like only a few markets.  i'll try suggesting one to predictit
@_date: 2018-05-06 08:06:36
nonsense, there is almost literally no value whatsoever as store of value only.  if it doesn't get adopted as currency/medium of exchange it's pointless.  the entire point of its creation was to work analgous to a fully reserved gold monetary system.  if the original white paper was "bitcoin: a digital store of value" it would have gone absolutely nowhere.
@_date: 2018-05-26 16:10:08
i don't believe they are competing uses.  gold is no longer used as currency, although because of its history it is still a part of central/international banking and finance as a supra-national currency, the currency of last resort, held in central banks the world over.  it has gone from kinda stable domestic and global currency to insurance/final currency.
bitcoin is analogous to gold but is supposed to be monetized and used for payments, ie. gold as it was in 1818 not 2018.  with some electronic benefits.  it's supposed to actually circulate and be used.  if it never achieves this i see no reason for it to stick around, particularly if another currency does achieve this.  it cannot evolve into gold as it sits today as an insurance/mostly store of value only, because it lacks thousands of years of monetary history, and there's really not much of a need/use case for an electronic counterpart of gold's current use case.
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:53:26
i don't understand what point you are trying to make.
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:42:57
lol.  i guess i can see misreads of both vellr and my own original comment as what we actually believe in this thread!
@_date: 2018-05-18 13:28:22
no, it's going to happen any day now, as people have been claiming for decades.  because the USD and USA are totally the same as zimbabwe and its central bank.
@_date: 2018-05-05 05:00:29
that doesn't make anything i said any less true.
viewing your comments (germany, zimbabwe, claims the USD is on life support) you don't appear to have any clue about currency economics.  you should probably start by taking a better look at why/how some of these currencies collapsed.  at which point you'll also notice they share little in common with the USD.
the value in a discussion platform like reddit would greatly increase were there a way to signal which people had any remote clue about what they are talking about.  online and irl i keep running in to crypto enthusiasts who understand fuck all about even basic currency economics.
@_date: 2018-05-23 19:59:27
stability would come based on people actually using it not simply speculating in it.
@_date: 2018-05-01 09:52:17
central banks have been net buyers of gold for years now.
@_date: 2018-05-07 14:45:23
they would ban it well before then and the ban would have an effect.
@_date: 2018-08-12 22:09:53
lots, not this many though.  it's anecdotal but i've been interested in economics and currency economics for a while and the only people who really have much interest here (the US) are vastly libertarians, who garner a small percentage of votes.  since our currency isn't managed as poorly as venezuela's or argentina's, and since it gets the benefit of being reserve currency for the world, most people don't even really have any idea of how USD works so don't have that much to complain about in the first place nor have they thought about some alternates.  bitcoin, however, i see far more people discussing and having an interest in - not because they learned about fiat and aren't super fans - simply because they know someone who knows someone who made a ton of (fiat) money on bitcoin.  they couldn't give two fucks about outcompeting fiat but they are ready to "invest" in bitcoin, despite not being able to really describe what it is, why anyone would want another currency, or describe any reason why it should go up.  and a lot of the people i do see trying to convince others to buy, on the last one, simply describe it the same way one would a pyramid scheme - it's going to go up because you buy and hodl and we all buy and hodl etc.  honestly as a libertarian i'm very disappointed about where the experiment is at for the moment, given that the original narrative was it was digital cash to compete with fiat with a design analogous to the discipline of a gold as money.  however the narrative now, certainly in this forum, is that it is not competing with fiat but it is competing with gold, as a store of value first, some day to be used as cash/money, or even a store of value only.  i think these both sound like nonsense and no one treats it like this way anyway.  ie. gold or even dollars are a more stable store of value, and a store of value is supposed to preserve purchasing power from loss - not gather more purchasing power, which is what the "investors" are looking for.  meanwhile i think all the speculation has increased volatility, and it along with the hoarding speculators has really harmed actual merchant adoption - what a fiat competitor actually needs.
@_date: 2018-05-30 19:38:13
i was just looking for a prediction market to bet on italy not leaving, although i don't even see it listed as a market to bet on, unfortunately!
@_date: 2018-05-30 19:33:30
percent of people caring over what is called the real bitcoin over there: 5%
percent of people over here claiming the fork is not due to disagreement but that bch is an actual scam: 25%
@_date: 2018-05-03 15:09:53
i don't understand what you mean, how do you calculate this metric and what value does it provide?
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:17:25
yes and that reason is because people don't want to keep monumental physical assets of wealth at home.  are you telling me that keeping 100k of physical gold, USD, or bitcoin are all the same level of risk?
i'm sure you've been in this long enough to realize those stolen bitcoins were mostly through exchange exploits ie. the closest thing to a bank in this environment?  or are you going to claim bitcoins in my wallet are less safe with me than they are mt. gox (and friends)?  was, or even can, mt. gox replace that lost or stolen money?
i have no idea why you are treating these traditional banking functions/roles as analogous or even existing in something like a crypto world.  being your own bank vs. leaving money in something like an exchange is what the community advises for security.
@_date: 2018-05-18 13:14:48
thanks!  cool vid.
@_date: 2018-05-21 14:56:27


what is the difference between money creation and fractional lending in regards to gold or bitcoin when none of the users expect or desire the system to have pseudo-banks which offer up promises rather than the commodity?  those that violate this are treated as frauds and subject to runs which destroy these 'banks' are they not?  i don't disagree that, particularly with bitcoin, there's no way to enforce full reserves, nonetheless i would expect the masses to perceive this as fraud and bank runs to put those frauds out of business and the system to be deemed fully reserved even if people fraudulently purport be fully reserved while in reality they are not.
@_date: 2018-05-06 06:49:24
does your average person pay with cash or do you run a card?  what size are the orders?  would it be worth offering a small discount for crypto?  ie. split the credit card fee that you don't pay with the customer?  i'm assuming most items/orders don't get to a meaningful amount though for that.
@_date: 2018-05-06 14:12:04
bitcoin is as much if not riskier.
a currency's value comes from it's organic supply and demand and use as a currency.  much of bitcoin's current value is simply based on speculation.  it can go up, it sure can also go down.
and inflation in the US is not so bad to make it untenable or te claim keeping money there is a 'high comedy'.  what would be a tragedy is keeping your money in something like venezeulan bolivars, or argentine pesos.
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:52:11


everything about how it is coded and used?  a derivatives market existing doesn't turn bitcoin itself into a fractional reserve system.  there's derivatives on physical gold too - doesn't mean physical gold, and i mean the actual stuff, can become fractional.


it would increase in unit price with real adoption as well - however it wouldn't come in these huge swings, at least not without huge stepped increases in adoption.  i'd argue the speculators en masse are more of a recent last 18 month phenomenon, attracted by the much higher prices achieved.  i work and travel and the difference between the kind of people into crypto i met between last year vs. this year was huge.
there's nothing that can be done about speculators in any way though i suppose.
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:30:59
this seems like a poor idea from a mining perspective.
i did see some news about them creating some special kind of economic region in i think it was the CAR subregion of the philippines?  sounded more like it would be related to ICOs though.  not sure why out in this region, probably local politicians trying to make some kind of tax advantage for people to be there i guess.
@_date: 2018-05-13 07:38:52
maybe you should look into the depression again.  it's a problem if there's no spending and there's no economic activity as a result.  tiny stable deflation is ok, large amount of deflation is not good at all.
in a perfect world bitcoin would get its purchasing power from actual adoption and having a more stable equilibrium rate shouldn't discourage its use.  although we're in speculator world which has resulted in massive increases of purchasing power which is not an ideal environment for a currency to grow.
@_date: 2018-05-02 07:07:05
and plenty of people trust and have little problem with fiat in developed countries.  if you're under 40 in the US, you've never actually seen a rainy fiat day for the USD.  your parents have through some pain in the 70s/80s - but not you.  most americans get to be blissfully ignorant with how money works and are little worse for it, in any kind of obvious or normal life impacting way.  meanwhile if you're somewhere else (argentina, zimbabwe, venezuela, etc.) your government and its mismanagement is going to educate you on how money (doesn't) work.
i'm an american - why should i be scared the fiat system will end badly?  because there's a lot of debt?  as i just noted, japan has double the debt, is not the reserve currency of the world, and they're still moving along.  so why should i care about the guy yelling in the street that the dollar is going to collapse in a year?  he's just a loud fool.  our interest rates - which agree if you're paying attention enough to know that the fed has manipulated them in recent years - are pretty low, and even without fed manipulation, would be quite low.  so what am i supposed to get all excited and concerned about?  is my fiat USD going to explode any time soon?  even within my lifetime??  realistically it will probably just slowly ratchet down to less relevant.  nothing for anyone to start losing their shit about though.
@_date: 2018-05-18 13:51:41
if you are in for a competing currency to displace fiat it's not about "investing" or getting rich or "hodl until lambo" anyway - it's about taking back power from government and the banking sector and replacing a fractional reserve banking system with a fully reserved one.
personally i think speculative holders harm the cause, because they add to volatility, care little if any about transactional/actual currency use, and the large appreciation from the money rushing in causes people to hoard rather than spend it.  plus they can't speak for/advocate it because to them they just want you to buy it so their coins go up ie. they sell it like a ponzi investment.  these things are all neutral to negative for adoption to me.
@_date: 2018-05-07 05:34:08


not really.  gold is a hardcore store of value deeply embedded into the monetary system and functioning essentially as insurance.  old wall street advice used to be to keep x% of it in your portfolio but hope it did nothing - which meant stocks were doing ok.  it was essentially acting as cash or bonds/tips in a portfolio today, because back then, that's basically what it was.  it was there to protect and preserve purchasing power, not gain any.  note this is the opposite of how most people treat bitcoin even if they do claim it is a digital gold store of value - they are expecting it to make them rich, they are not even treating it like a store of value, which has the intent of preservation only.
in any case the gold market is bouncing around with speculation and organic demand just like any market - but much of it is deployed organically for the historic/cultural/monetary reasons, it's not a market of primary speculation like crypto; it's a market of primary use just like USD or EUR.  that use is as insurance or currency of last resort.
do note the argentine central bank last week sold 5 billion USD to purchase and try to prop up their peso.  if they run out of USD, what do they use?  gold, the ultimate currency.


the US has not had truly problematic inflation for some time, which was put to rest by the volcker fed.  i don't see any reason to expect in in a bad way in the near future nor does high-er inflation necessarily mean it's inflation that can't be dealt with or contained; ie. even double digit genies can be put back in the bottle, beyond that, not so easy though.
the claims the USD is on the brink of collapse are wildly exaggerated, doing even the most basic research on a currency that has actually collapsed will lead one to see the many apples/oranges comparisons that people who claim this are ignoring.
@_date: 2018-08-07 21:39:03
no it's not.  gold was money and still serves as currency of last resort.  it's now store of value insurance to preserve purchasing power as well as super currency.
bitcoin doesn't have this history.  it's a store of value but only really as a feature of being used as money, which many of you seem to have lost interest in.  store of value only sounds like a scam, and i see no reason it needs to be store of value first.  also if you buy a store of value you are simply seeking to not lose purchasing power, literally the definition of a store of value.  meanwhile most of the people who crawl down this path say they are "investing" and are hoping to hodl until lambo, which is hardly a store of value use case - that i can buy a barrel of oil today and the same barrel of oil 10 years from now with the x amount of gold i bought.
@_date: 2018-05-04 06:58:02
USD has something bitcoin does not - purchasing power based on 99% actual use for transactions, vs. 99% HODL speculation.
that adoption might be forced - US citizens can only pay taxes and settle debts in USD; the world was kinda squeezed into/still operates largely on USD for oil (petrodollar) and reserve currency as well.
nonetheless, the adoption is actually there.
HODLtards are not going to create adoption, in fact i would argue they harm it by creating more volatility and by creating serious deflation discouraging actual spending.
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:13:15
no i'll just suffer when the dollar crashes next saturday like all the other fiat sheep lol right chief
@_date: 2018-05-02 06:47:04
no you do not.
they don't "like" gold, they use it as the master reserve currency, this is its monetary function in the present system after thousands of years of history.
bitcoin is not competing against 'every financial asset' - it's a crypto currency.  it competes against currencies.  maybe you should learn something about economics, particularly currency economics, if you want to be a crypto advocate?
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:53:52


sure, but it did nothing to change the underlying bitcoin market, which is fully reserved.


certainly, but the chain and wallets still force a fully reserved system.  a monetary equivalent of "C0" money supply is purely a fully reserved system.  i suppose a bunch of exchanges running fractions could really screw with the value/purchasing power nonetheless though.


i suppose if you packed velocity and people willing to accept payment as perfectly matching newly minted supply you would not have any appreciation, but it doesn't need perfectly flat appreciation to be adopted for currency either.  it just needs to have a more modest amount than the massive gains by speculators.  ie. the US deflationary spiral during the depression didn't result in as large of swings but it still caused people to hoard money and for activity to diminish, while more modest levels of deflation in past history did not cause the economy to grind to a halt.
@_date: 2018-08-09 00:49:41
bitcoin is supposed to be money with the discipline instilled of the gold it is technically analogous too.  but that is not the narrative by most btc people now, who claim it is simply gold and a store of value, but gold is a better store of value, and what bitcoin is supposed to compete against is fiat - not gold.
so i think bitcoin is supposed to be money - but it seems like 90% of the people in this subreddit don't these days.  it's also absolutely nothing like a currency of last resort.  gold is one because in times of extremes it is accepted.  ie. if the argentinian peso is under attack they sell USD reserves to defend it.  if they run out they tap into the ultimate reserve - gold - which all countries accept, which has been money for thousands of years, and which requires no trust in any government; it's even safer than the more stable governments.  bitcoin does not exist anywhere near this level.
it is supposed to be money as if gold were monetized, but the adoption for that use case is being harmed by the 90% of people who are just speculative hold until lambo bros, who treat it as a ponzi scheme or a lottery.  it's not competing with USD for them, it's competing with scratch off instant win tickets at 7-11.
@_date: 2018-05-07 05:55:49
the risk from the government is not in confiscating it.  the risk from the government is in limiting its ability to function as a competing currency.  it's a major problem if outlawed for merchant transactions and relegated only to private or black market ones.
@_date: 2018-05-13 07:50:52
it seems fairly commonly argued and rather poorly.
@_date: 2018-05-23 19:49:44
i don't find this anything to get too excited over.  smaller banks were not nearly as problematic during the housing bubble.  there is no mention to the cost of the regulations here but i would not be surprised if they are sizable; i had a banking client when i was a sales engineer and there was the potential within dodd frank that would have caused them to double down on our tech, which would have been millions in hardware.  i have little if any faith that whatever rules are being rolled back would have prevented the housing bubble anyway, whose primary cause was the federal reserve making money too cheap and for too long.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:18:32
am i not supposed to be the bank myself?  no paying fees for 50 years to store my gold...
@_date: 2018-08-12 21:59:32
satoshi wrote bitcoin so we could all hodl until lambo.  what don't you understand?  it was designed to outcompete the lottery and herbalife.
@_date: 2018-05-09 10:33:58
give me a break, you're a perfect sheep.  you're just an alternative one.  you lap up anything that is alternative and get a high from knowing the 'secret' knowledge and telling yourself you're not the sheep.  you're so intellectually unable to speak about these things correctly that when i point out simple historic and economic truths of how USD is massively different from the other fiat currencies that have failed, your response is to claim i am a "fiat shill"?  what a joke.  i've probably been welcoming an alternate and competing money system for many years longer than you've even thought about money - which would be the only valid excuse of why you're so ignorant about it.  or in the face of doing research and educating yourself on it, if you choose not to, you simply progress from ignorant to stupid.
you're a conspiracy sheep.  i seek plenty of information from alternative sources.  the difference between us is that i actually know how to evaluate it.  just because you see a shiny apple in the trash, doesn't mean everything else in it is good to eat.  but enjoy your dinner.
@_date: 2018-05-01 19:17:50
you neither understand debt nor currency is the problem.
it doesn't matter if it's never paid back.  it matters for you because you're going to die.  but a country isn't a person and it's not a household.  all a country needs to do is be able to service it's debt.  i'm not keen on cutting taxes and increasing spending, and i'm not saying increasing debt is a good thing or doesn't matter at all - i am saying your alarmist non-understanding of how it functions for a country is meaningless though.  japan has way more debt as a percentage than the US, their currency is not reserve of the world, and, oh look.  somehow the country and the currency are still functioning.
and the point of a currency (BTC) is to transact in it.  if everyone simple HODLed, everyone would be a currency speculator, and the ultimate end of that would be everyone wasted their money buying something with no use at all, and the delusion it had any ever would fall apart.  if you're going to claim the same about fiat, you can't - because you're forced by governments to pay taxes and settle debts in it, its use is forced onto people.
@_date: 2018-05-04 06:19:14
i've been interested in currency economics for over a decade, plenty of logic on my side.  but i enjoy the cute 'logic' of many of you 'crypto investors'
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:40:22


i would argue the same was done for BTC by not expanding blocksize to 2 MB or 4 MB.  it seems comical to claim this would have created any long term problems, particularly in the face of fee volatility and reduced market adoption that came about as a result of high fees.  for something trying to be a new currency, i think the biggest sin you can make is harming the adoption rate of that currency.
@_date: 2018-05-01 19:28:09
the government can always pay its debts when they are denominated in its own currency.
when the government prints new money it steals a bit of the purchasing power from all the existing money, sure.  but that effect has to be greater than the demand for the money for it to actually lose purchasing power.  in which bitcoin's purchasing power would stay the same, but the fiat currency would lose some purchasing power, resulting in a higher price in that fiat to purchase a bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-23 19:42:06
he's a pretty shitty messenger.
rwanda actually seems to be doing pretty decent for what it is.  they showed up in a kiva analysis i recently did as having a lot of economic opportunity as well.  
@_date: 2018-05-07 14:55:21
i never said it's infallible.  this is the problem when you don't understand currencies or economics - you believe in fairy tales.  i'm not an expert, but i'm not clueless or lazy either.  you like a how a story sounded that someone told you so oops, why bother to actually do any research into how currencies actually work or collapse?  yeah, the USD is about to collapse, any day now.
b.t.w. what do you think your us debt clock shows?  why is it a problem to print out of?  a nation does not have to pay off its debt.  japan doesn't have a petroyen nor central banks full of yen reserves globally, has twice as much debt as a percentage of gdp than the US, and even their currency hasn't collapsed - and they are in a far far far more extreme situation.
if you put half as much effort into actually learning about how this stuff works instead of pretending you have a clue and parroting other people's shitty talking points who are just as clueless you might actually learn something.
@_date: 2018-05-13 07:28:38
what shop, where in gurnee is this?
@_date: 2018-05-18 13:08:16
wouldn't most vulnerable be whatever is the most consolidated among some demographic?  i don't know what this looks like for everyone, but if china surreptitiously controlled chinese miners and it wasn't figured out for a year it would seem the system could be corrupted to the point a hard fork could not save it - if they wanted to all in destroy it?
@_date: 2018-05-01 18:33:48
you seem to have missed the point.
banks agreed a while ago that they would only sell off so much gold at a time, and that is generally what they had been doing for quite some time, 'retiring the old relic' as it were.  until the last 8 or something years, in which case they became net buyers, diversifying more *into* the currency of last resort.  
they switched from ditching it to acquiring more of it.
you also do not seem to understand the point of bitcoin.  it's not a store of wealth unless that store comes as a feature of being money.  bitcoin is not competing against gold.  bitcoin is competing against USD and CAD and EUR etc.
@_date: 2018-05-06 06:39:25
but it would put a **serious** dent in adoption until the US decided to relent.  it would be a major blow.
@_date: 2018-05-13 08:05:22
bitcoin has built in deflation.  the other currencies are not inflating at nearly a rate that would justify bitcoin's price, this is made obvious by simply looking at how much gold or oil or other things you can buy with them.  the large price spikes are simply a result of the massive amount of currency speculation.
@_date: 2018-05-07 05:45:49
a currency's purchasing power is derived from its use in transactions.  crypto today is primarily speculation not transactions, but if it's ever to get real transaction it needs to be used as money, else it's just a speculating/gambling/trading vehicle.  there is no economic need for something that is a digital 'store of value - only'.
the US government wouldn't need to confiscate it - they could simply outlaw it as a form of accepted payment.  with compliant merchants and more countries doing the same, its adoption as currency would be severely strangled and relegated to dark markets.
@_date: 2018-05-13 22:00:41
not really, speculation isn't adoption.
people trading on the forex don't adopt EUR or USD, people transacting in it do (although, these are by government force, of course.)
if you think they are the same, i'll point out that 100% adoption would leave bitcoin quite stable and bouncing around a nice equilibrium value, whatever it is.  while 100% speculation (and 0% actual use) would be just a fragile pyramid scam essentially.
@_date: 2018-05-06 14:02:04
nice ad hominem.
@_date: 2018-05-01 10:03:07
that's a lot, and my big question is, how much use do they actually get?
@_date: 2018-05-06 07:11:55
there's a reason we don't use market cap for currencies - because it is pointless and doesn't actually apply.  this guy gets it, wish more of you would.
the reason you don't see a market cap for USD or EUR isn't because it's too hard to count the supply.  it's because it doesn't make sense nor matter.
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:28:59
so sounds like it essentially becomes a co-opted fork and the original can be rescued/preserved from a point over and it essentially does look like an e th split where no actual users hop on to the co-opted coin.
@_date: 2018-05-02 07:17:03
it matters in the context of whether the debt needs to be paid back, as some people claim, which it absolutely does not.
@_date: 2018-05-17 14:31:25
oh your argument is right because you made some money in crypto?  last year practically everything rose as well, even the dumbest idiot buying for the stupidest reasons could have made a bunch of money.  it doesn't mean they're a financial genius.
i'm not fiat worshipper, i've just been interested in currency economics for over 10 years and am a realist.  i view a lot in alternative media and i'm just sick of sheep and suckers like you making ridiculous claims and doing zero research and substituting your fake wannabe expertise for any real knowledge.
you are simply putting on display how clueless and poorly thought out your arguments are: you believe because you've made some money that all of a sudden you got a degree in economics.  lol.
@_date: 2018-05-06 14:29:30
your comment doesn't address my absolutely true point - that it would have gone nowhere because there is no need for a store of value only.
your comment is also trying to put bitcoin as equivalent to gold - which is not a seat it has earned.  gold has been money for literally thousands of years, and currently enjoys a special seat as the currency of last resort, which is why central banks are full of it and have been net buyers of it for several years as well.  gold is valued because of human history and its being a part of the money system.  the last time gold was used as currency was the last time central banks bought tons of it to use it as their currency of last resort.
it's certainly on stronger ground than bitcoin - which has too much of it's value on hodl til lambo speculators vs. actual use and transactions.
i haven't used my gold as currency because i've bought it for the same reason.
the real question is, when have most bitcoin holders used it as a currency?
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:30:09
i've been using kraken, is it uncommon to have a USD to run to?  seems like they have had USD and EUR for a long time.
@_date: 2018-05-04 06:29:11
but 3.3x litecoin in existence is already in the valuation.  well a little bit - no one actually really cares.  this is not how currency or markets work.  no one does this with a stock, as it doesn't make sense, and they don't do it with USD or EUR - actual currencies - because it doesn't make sense or matter there either.  it's just last trade on a forex market.
it seems like in your case you might say 10k bitcoin is overvalued or 160/530 litecoin is undervalued.  but neither of these numbers gives any indication that either opinion is true.  it's simply a number you were able to calculate.
for that matter, even the market cap value doesn't matter, because these are currencies and not stocks.  you don't see a market cap for USD or EUR not because it's harder to calculate, but because it doesn't actually matter.  you can come up with values for the amount of USD, the fed has several; M1, M2, M3, etc - but no one on forex gives a shit about these things.  because they are irrelevant to market price discovery of a currency's purchasing power.  
on that note the trading volume is far more meaningful for a currency than the market cap.
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:07:05


i can agree, particularly if at some point some kind of equilibrium-ish level is found where this level of risk appetite "investors" runs out, but they have strong enough hands to stay in, if it perhaps just steps up to some more stable level at which volatility becomes less and the appreciation stops being such a strong discouragement to actual use.


aren't ICO scam after scam plus exchange hack after hack horrendously bad publicity that does nothing to help bitcoin at all, and even harms it?  i think there's plenty of bad publicity.  i have some friends who think all of crypto is simply pure scam and the merits from one to the other are completely ignored.  if my friend already thinks that, it's not great for some crypto speculator to come up to him and advocate to buy bitcoin because, hey man, it just keeps going up.  plus the USD is going to fail just like the zimbabwe dollar, sentiment i've already read in this subreddit today.  which people have been claiming incorrectly for a long time, as they neither understand the economics of either country or currency.  this doesn't invite someone to think rationally about the possibility of crypto; it causes someone to dismiss what this person is saying entirely.  i don't buy that there's no such thing as bad publicity as an absolute.


do they?  i'm a US libertarian and got interested in ron paul, politics, and money in 2007.  getting other people interested in how money works, particularly in a western country where it works relatively well enough for the mass populace to not care, is an uphill battle.  people know/care about how it works far more in a country where it's poorly managed whether zimbabwe or argentina.
of my friends that can speak to or hold bitcoin in 2018, i'm not sure if there's any more today that could speak to how the financial system is run than there were in say pre-bitcoin 2010 or so.  i'm struggling to think of any with holdings or even simply interest in bitcoin/crypto today that view it as anything more than a speculative hodl investment to make them rich, i know with 100% confidence that most don't know/care about how US/global money works today vs. 10 years ago.  and of the people online i meet who are more interested in that, they often seem to understand things so incorrectly to the point of it being dismissable as i noted above; i definitely think there are cases where no information or understanding is better than bad information/poor understanding.  even if the result might be a positive, that some people hear that bad info and take what i would consider a positive action of trying out bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-03 06:20:30
@_date: 2018-05-06 07:52:20
really?  when did they start promising returns like bitconnect?
@_date: 2018-05-06 09:57:08
how do you mean.  i'm an american and i have a chunk of money in my bank.  where should it be?
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:40:35
right the US is always having military coups, despots rolling tanks down public streets, etc etc.
@_date: 2019-03-28 22:56:56
the US has less debt that japan
and is more politically connected in the world than japan
and has a more important currency in the world than the yen
and is also quite politically stable
also countries never have to actually pay off their debt, unlike people who come with expiration limits
but oh yeah, the sky is falling, the dollar is going to crash, blah blah blah
@_date: 2019-03-24 15:24:57
seems a bit silly to ignore the fact that metals likened to have both utility/industrial use for their properties as well as past utility/history as money.  also if value simply comes from scarcity i have some one of a kind drawings i made custom for each one of you
@_date: 2019-03-31 19:00:17


this is just some casual non-point.  all you are saying is "yah some day it could be real bad mkay" and sure, nobody thinks more debt is ideal, but this doesn't mean the current amount is a problem, or will be in 20 or 100 years.  if the US continues to be a business friendly environment and support property rights and free markets and free people, it is likely to continue to prosper.  it is a land rich in both resources and talent and allowing that talent to prosper.  it absolutely could do that better.  it absolutely could go in the other direction and make it harder for people to harness their time and talent to push us all forward.  in any case those are far greater drivers of where the country will be in 50 years vs. simple continuation of existing monetary and fiscal policy.


it hasn't, not to any country that looks like the US.
zimbabwe didn't look remotely like the US.  nor venezuela.  nor the weimar republic.  you cannot point to a single hyperinflation throughout all of history where the country that experienced it looks like the US.  these countries were vastly less politically important, with vastly less important currencies, and vastly more political instability.  all you can actually point to being bad is the debt.  and again, yeah, the debt could be better.  but you need more than just a lot of debt to have hyperinflation, and the US doesn't share any of those additional characteristics.  in 20 or 50 years the US is not going to look like zimbabwe or venezuela, period.  it is very strongly arguably the country LEAST likely to have hyperinflation in 50 years.
@_date: 2019-03-24 15:23:03
\- paypal doesn't have it's own unit of account
\- a currency needs actual utility to warrant its valuation, else it's just speculative value that makes up its price at any given time
@_date: 2019-03-30 16:52:47
no one is going to argue extra debt or excessive debt is good for the economy.  but the title of this thread is about the dollar imploding, and the claim constantly made is the debt is going to make it implode.  but japan has more debt and hasn't imploded, and not only that, can you give me an example of even a single country where it was the debt alone that caused hyperinflation?
why would efficiency gains alone result in lower prices?  it is competition that lowers prices.  and in plenty of areas it has.
your example industries all completely ignore the actual policies in them and claim it is somehow monetary policy inflating them, but oddly only them.  of course that is not the case.  if monetary policy made college cost 100x as much, a cheeseburger would cost 100x as much as well.  education rises faster than inflation because of the way college is funded in the US.  with debt to nearly no limit by the government, which for many years was mostly/fully guaranteed loans by the government.  instead of 1-2% each year universities simply ask for an extra 8% and settle for the 6% the government is willing to spend.
health care is just a hodgepodge of pricing with little controls in it at all.  the government doesn't set prices and neither does a free actual market.  this is a result of the policies in place in the industry, not because of monetary policy.  everyone agrees tying health care to employment is a bad policy yet this is the primary mode people in the US get it due to ww2 wage law and tax benefits, for example.
housing is actually pretty normal at this point.  it is the closest thing to regular monetary policy that you found though.  the fed made money too easy and for too long and allowed a huge bubble to inflate.  but that bubble is over.  and at no point did we go into hyperinflation.  housing is pretty much normal now.  which for the same size house means a home generally simply tracks the price of inflation.
@_date: 2019-03-30 17:10:04
no, that is an absolutely ridiculous false choice.  you are acting like the us needs to pay off or default on its debt, which it absolutely does not.  all it needs to do is service its debt.  it is all you need to do as a person.  you didn't need to pay off your credit card bill this month, and you didn't need to default on it either.  you just had to make the minimum monthly payment.  you're gonna croak at some point and *have* to settle up then, but a country isn't going to die like that.  a country can theoretically make payments indefinitely.
you are just talking nonsense, like we are going along paying our bills and one day just default magically.  you appear to poorly understand and ignore the examples you yourself have even given.  UK's loss of the primary reserve currency didn't come with hyperinflation or an implosion of the pound.
the pound was 55% of all reserve currency in the 50s.  it lost 10% in 20 years and today it's down to just 4% or so.  here's annual gdp for the UK 1948-2012.  
your assertions are simply wrong and ridiculous.  you are just an alarmist spreading bullshit that other people eat up.  the OP doesn't own bitcoin because the dollar is going to implode at some point.  the OP owns bitcoin because people like you spread bullshit economics around.  i am a libertarian and live in the US, i can come up with actual good reasons to have an alternative currency, no surprise, they are the same reasons that have gone into the arguments for gold to be monetized, which the government is simply not going to do.  the reasons do not include this doomsday fantasy of hyperinflation survival though.
@_date: 2019-03-24 20:03:39
all money has store of value as a feature, how well it actually works as one is in question though.  there's a reason the white paper wasn't titled a peer to peer store of value system: it would have just sounded like a scam.  governments weren't going to monetize gold again, so the paper came up with an analogy for digital gold as money.  but not just digital gold.  real gold is not broken and has a far better history at being gold at that.
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:48:07
i don't know about way weaker, it's not as if china has any more incentive than the US to see the USD tank if it's holding a trillion of them.  they are just as interested in the currency retaining value.
you've completely made up this situation in which the US needs to "pay up" anything.  you can borrow money as a person without paying up, only to have your debts settled after you croak.  but you come with an expiration date, countries don't.  the US doesn't have to pay off it's debt, it only needs to service it.  on that note, countries are still buying US debt.  what's the alternative?  yeah the shirt is dirty - it's still the least dirty one on the floor, so everyone is going to put it on.
if you had a stable economy you could certainly print indefinitely, it's not like 2% inflation a year causes problems.  the claim in this thread is hyperinflation.  a scenario that in the history of the world has never occurred in a place that looks like the US, whose currency is internationally used, who is politically very well connected, and who is really rather stable.  it's completely delirious to say we look anything like venezuela, zimbabwe, etc - today or in 30 years.  the dollar may very well weaken on the world stage and grow weaker in its dominance in settling trade and filling central banks.  that still doesn't mean it won't be dominant.  and that sure as fuuuuuck doesn't mean that it is going to "implode"
@_date: 2019-03-30 02:39:27
the point isn't that japan is in an ideal state.  it's that debt to gdp doesn't magically make hyperinflation, yet this is the most popular argument for USD hyperinflation.
@_date: 2018-06-29 20:09:35
the point of buying gold is preservation of capital, in a historic and cultural asset that was once money and still sits as insurance in central banks around the world as currency of last resort.
bitcoin is not intended to replace this but to replace fiat.  the only people that would need digital gold are people censored from buying safer fiat (usd) or actual gold, like venezuelans.  bitcoin also is intended to be an investment nor make you rich.  nor is gold for that matter really, unless appearing historically undervalued bouncing around its market equilibrium.
bitcoin as store of value only is a myth, or that it can skip actual gold's history and be 'digital gold' is one too.  it is supposed to be analgoous to gold monetized as money again, but that is not how hodlers nor speculators nor 'just a store of value' people are treating it.  who aren't buying it for a store of value anyway (preservation of capital) - they are buying it hoping it's a lotto ticket to make them wealthy - which is clearly a case of seeking return on investment via speculation, not seeking a store of value.
@_date: 2018-06-26 13:57:16
if you were in the US i'd advise considering a roth ira or if lower income then investing in yourself with education or opening a trading account and buying something simple; in the US that would be an index fund ETF and turning on automated reinvestment of dividends.
if you buy btc and hold it, you are not investing in an asset or a stock, you are speculating in a new and volatile cryptocurrency.  it would be like buying the currency of a new country that emerged in africa.  maybe the purchasing power of that currency will go up because they find a bunch of oil there.  or the people are very innovative.  maybe the place is ran by a nutjob and would be run into the ground.  the currency would have some value because of forced adoption by the country itself demanding debts and taxes be settled in the currency.
btc/cryptocurrency however is purely voluntary and will stand on its merits alone.  a currency appreciates in value when there is demand for it and its utility arises.  it will also go up in price when people speculate on it.  by and large most/all crypto is driven by speculation.  btc is a first mover and the most well known with the most participants.  don't fool yourself into thinking it's gold/new gold/digital gold - it shares nothing of the unique history of gold.  the white paper's intent was for it to be analogous to gold used as money - but you can see many people simply speculate in it and treat it like a lotto ticket instead today.  if you buy and hold crypto, you are another speculator.  you could make money or you could lose money, i wouldn't kid yourself by saying you are investing in anything though.  and it would be much better to get some crypto by offering some services you'll perform for crypto or some goods to sell.
depending on your disposable income level, i don't think it's a bad thing to put some money into it - you should truly consider it speculation though, and i would invest some money in some more traditional assets first.  one of the negatives about this however is if you're buying in small amounts at a time, the fees really do add up - something absent in crypto.  so maybe you put 40 in a trading account each interval, but wait for a year to actually purchase a bunch of shares, in the trading account example.  in crypto your fees are lower but your volatility much higher indeed.
@_date: 2018-06-27 15:28:42
when it's managed well enough it's not nearly as fragile as people exaggerate it to be either.  ie. all the people who expect the USD to collapse any day now, because reasons.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:07:30
i think merchants should discount to provide incentive to consumers.  ie. cc swipe fees are 3%; consumer can keep 1.5% and merchant 1.5%.  this actually varies on card, region, etc. but something like this to provide incentive to both i think would go a long way.
as well as volatility, it will need to be a more risk tolerant consumer to try and voluntarily adopt a new currency indeed.  rapid deflation/appreciation discourages spending indeed.  as long as the market is full of speculators uninterested in actual transaction use though i think that volatility is here to stay.  bitcoin doesn't need more hodlers to firm it up, it needs more users.
@_date: 2018-06-10 23:37:33


you appear to not understand why satoshi nakomoto even made bitcoin in the first place?  or why the genesis block has a newspaper headline in it?


currencies all have store of value as a feature of being a currency, the question is how good it is in its ability to provide it.  the more the better for bitcoin, especially if they are actual users, not just buy and hold speculators.


if they could use it for more shit because other merchants or their employees accepted it, because they knew they could go buy something with it, they'd never need to convert it to fiat, right?  isn't that the goal here??


currency itself always has store of value as a feature, even if backed by nothing/by fiat.  it may be shittier than a commodity, but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist.  USD may be inferior to gold as a store of value, but that doesn't mean USD fiat isn't also a store of value.


you can - there's just little to no need for some new digital only one.  if the original design of bitcoin was 'store of value only' - no one would have cared, and it would have been considered an outright scam.
@_date: 2018-06-26 13:48:01
HODL is all about 1 btc = 1 usd or 1000 usd.
i think you are missing the point that 1 btc = 1 btc is more of a call for not caring about price and simply using the currency and buying/selling goods/services in btc prices and keeping money in btc, not caring what the fiat price is at all.
but all HODL people or speculators care about is the price in usd, because they are not trying to outcompete the usd, they are hoping btc is a lotto ticket that returns them a bunch of usd.
@_date: 2018-06-26 13:58:45
you are talking to the 10&amp; of people who have interest in btc outcompeting the dollar and ignoring the 90&amp; of people who treat btc as a magical lottery ticket.  i think the latter group is harming the cause of the former myself.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:14:41
one moves currency
one is a currency
if i wanted to make an analogy between paypal and something in crypto, then i'd say paypal = lightning network, not paypal = bitcoin
@_date: 2018-06-27 15:30:35
you can adjust your price for goods and services in BTC then.  if you take part of your salary at a bigger place in BTC, they would just give you more BTC since it was based on fiat in the first place as well.  ie. salary 100k but you work for an exchange and take 10&amp; in BTC - your w2 (US tax filing) says 100k, but they actually give you 90&amp; of each paycheck in fiat and 10&amp; in BTC deposited to your exchange account - based on the conversion rate at that time.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:18:44


and what is better - the currency appreciating because more people add demand and use it for paying for goods and services, or my cousin buying some because hey bro it just keeps going up and the dollar is going to collapse?  which of these will actually be stable?  and why would the bitcoin have to be worth more *right now* for someone to use it?  up or down they can set the seller of something can set the price to anything.


the value in it is using it as a currency.  this is what the original white paper was about.  this was the project people got excited over.  not a store of value paper which would have been considered a scam.  most of the world doesn't need a digital store of value, and no one is buying it as a store of value.  if you are hoping it moons to lambo as you holdl it, you are not treating it as a store of value.  you are treating it purely as a speculative financial vehicle and hoping it makes you rich.  if all bitcoin people did this, you would just be transferring money around from losers to winners, generally old holders to new ones.  until people got tired of playing that game.
@_date: 2018-06-20 15:15:17
it's stupid to separate out a currency into a 'store of value' - gold was never treated this way, it simply was currency.  it was used itself for transactions, and paying taxes.  if some deflationary/limited supply shitcoin is great for transactions, demand for it will also result in currency appreciation/price appreciation, plus by nature of being deflationary and having real organic demand, it will also be a good store of value, and there'd be no point to needing or using bitcoin for anything at that point.  this "digital store of value" (only) narrative is complete nonsense, and also not how gold works today nor in the past.
@_date: 2018-06-15 15:59:44
i live in the US.  i doubt the next fiscal crisis we face will be as bad as the last, which was not enough for anyone to make noise about currency except for libertarians, the small percentage who always make noise about how it works here.
some people outside of the US already have reasons to adopt it for real use.  but my comments above are addressing someone in the US or a western country that are simply not experiencing a fiscal crisis like these people.  and if that person isn't interested in adopting it for currency use now i don't see any reason to expect people in other circles outside of theirs to start adopting it either today nor tomorrow.
@_date: 2018-06-10 23:25:09


i find your view to be fairly popular among btc people i know.  speculation is the weakest type of investment, by the weakest and dumbest money.
clearly if they were 100k transactions today, 100% being for goods and services would be vastly preferred to 100k new 'users' who bought bitcoin to hold and speculate, would it not?  how would a speculative value ever be reached firmly without actual organic use behind it?  the first scenario shows real use and fiat replacement, the latter is just a pure speculation game that happens to be on some blockchain technology.
and which one draws in more users?  that my friend sells shirts online for bitcoin and pays for his vpn and web hosting with it?  or that my girlfriend at the nail salon's customer's boyfriend told everyone they need to buy bitcoin now to make some money before they miss the boat?
bitcoin as a store of value first doesn't even make sense to me - if the white paper was originally this, why would anyone get excited about it or have even purchased it at all, why would it escape from 1 penny a bitcoin?  it's absolute speculation at that point.  just being limited and techy doesn't mean it's valuable in and of itself.  there is no reason for it to be "store of value first" and the economic case for that is incredibly weak, outside of maybe trying to escape venezuelan bolivar if you can't buy gold or USD.  meanwhile from day 1 bitcoin had store of value by feature of being a currency - even if it wasn't a very great one as a newborn baby currency, but it's only become better over time.  and bitcoin as currency seemed a great narrative that was working just fine both in adoption and philosophy of bitcoin for years, only more recently has this new narrative of "oh it's primarily/really store of value first, maybe medium of exchange later" come about.  if this was the day 1 narrative do you think the project would have gone anywhere?  it would have absolutely sounded like a complete scam.


this makes no sense to me.  market cap is meaningless for a currency, it's not a real thing.  it simply happens to be something you can conveniently calculate, but it makes as much sense for bitcoin as it would for USD, none.


someone simply selling oil on an exchange as available for BTC would cause the BTC price to rise.  we clearly see this with the strength of currencies backed by oil producing economies and countries.  as well as the fall for those currencies when their country's economy is overly dependent on oil when a surplus is available and the price declines.


i would argue the alternative would be preferable because it would attract merchants and normal people to actually adopt it and start displacing fiat.  how is 5k 10k 20k 10k 7k going to attract not 1 renegade pizza shop but a chain of 1000 to accept bitcoin?  how is it going to convince my accountant father that it's something more serious than a speculative plaything?  what is a shame is bitcoin's real world use cases where it would do the most good (africa, venezuela, argentina, etc.) who have strong organic reasons to adopt it to displace fiat/lack of infrastructure i think are harmed by use elsewhere where it is less impactful, ie. in the US it's just speculators trying to get rich vs. venezuelans trying to escape from falling into deeper poverty.


i don't know if there is a good way to measure merchant adoption.  it seems over the past couple years it has been poor.  this has been despite more hodlers joining and a rising price.


as long as it keeps appreciating they will continue to hoard most of it hoping to hodl until infinity.  when speculators sell it they will likely not spend it directly but convert it to fiat as well.  they will not really be aiding a new crypto currency to outcompete fiat - bitcoin will instead simply be turned into a system where money got transferred from newer speculators to older speculators.


there will always be speculators, i will argue the percentage has grown far greater than organic users and that speculators are neutral at best and harmful at worst for bitcoin to be able to succeed.  it was used for black to white market transactions and with increasing merchant adoption, although the latter seems to have diminished significantly over the last couple of years.  i don't think anything is happening in the opposite order i think it is, i think you're misreading hodlers and adopters and people who want a store of value.  by definition a store of value shouldn't make you rich - and these people fundamentally do not want one.  they want a magic internet lotto ticket that makes them rich.  and maybe it will work out for some - but on the back of crushing others.  and i'm not interested in bitcoin to make me rich; getting a little wealthier would be a nice side effect, but i'm interested in bitcoin because i like the idea of alternative deflationary fully backed currency.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:25:24
IMO the best way to make bitcoin succeed is to provide and consume goods and services in bitcoin.  you can look at USD price at any point in time to price yourself competitively with the crypto price.  i don't believe people who come in to buy and hodl until lambo are helping bitcoin and would even argue that the speculation is harming it by increasing volatility and delaying adoption for use as currency.  i also think the store of value only use case some people argue for now makes no sense to me and believe there is no economic need for it, whereas bitcoin as currency is a really interesting idea, with store of value simply being a feature of bitcoin being a currency.
@_date: 2018-06-14 18:59:09
i see little to no reason for "digital gold" or the use case of "store of value only" - and if you white paper simply stated that, why would you not have dismissed it entirely as a scam?  i believe this case leads only to high volatility/trading/gambling and consider it a poor store of value based on all of those, as the whole point of a store of value is simply to preserve capital - not lose it, and also not have it appreciate either.  ie. if you look at real gold, the common austrian example is 1 oz buying you a nice tunic, belt, and sandals in rome - and today it buying you a nice suit, belt, and shoes.  not a lambo.
large amounts of deflation and/or appreciation discourages spending.  appreciation due to adoption would be nice, but we have a huge amount of speculation/"investment"/hodling which i think has harmed actual currency adoption/transaction use.
i think the use case in a western country where currency is managed well enough (USA) is not attractive enough for anyone outside of libertarians who have desired fully reserved/monetized gold as a competing currency for many years before bitcoin.  however the case for saving and using it is certainly there in countries who have done much poorer jobs managing their currency, as well as providing banking infrastructure to those that are financially excluded.  for greater adoption for transactions, i think the fees need to be predictable and the use needs some incentive greater than the convenience/reward of credit cards, ie. something like card swipe fees being split as a discount between consumer and merchant.
@_date: 2018-06-10 23:59:06


i think you're arguing semantics when you're talking about a 100% digital currency like bitcoin.  the only analogy being a bad exchange could run as fake/fractional reserve for an eventual run to kill/collapse it some day and find out all who lost.


if you spend and replace your own position would be neutral and encourage greater adoption.  if you adopt/earn in btc and your merchant keeps money in btc you are now clearly creating positive demand for it on top of encouraging greater adoption, to the point you are starting to outcompete and displace fiat.  i continue to question how you think a volatile asset with a bunch of get rich quick holder bros behind it will actually encourage merchant or individual adoption.
@_date: 2018-06-06 18:03:28
oh the imaginary always impending debt crisis that never happens.  not too worried about that one
@_date: 2018-06-29 20:13:49
they are not really one.  in places free of other constraints they don't really act like one either, ie. in the US generally homes simply track inflation.  "home as an investment" is actually late 70s finance and real estate marketing and lobbying, including the mortgage tax write off - only found in a few places in the world.  [  you will even find most economists propose phasing out.  (while the real estate industry, of course, heavily opposes it)
@_date: 2018-06-02 15:47:07
where are the cats?
@_date: 2018-06-14 22:37:57
not really, i'm not fapping day in and day out about price or checking it every hour, and was interested in a competing fully backed currency before bitcoin was released.
@_date: 2018-06-03 23:46:27
your own thinking is about getting rich in fiat thinking wealth is gained from simply buying and hodling a currency.  bitcoin has to be USED as a currency not hodled to have its actual value appreciation to something real, beyond simple buy and hold digital asset speculation.  if you want to see bitcoin succeed in the way it was intended to be, you should be offering and purchasing goods and services with it.  ie. one of the main points of even having a currency.
@_date: 2018-06-15 18:04:06
actually they usually sell debt, not print it, and if we were any real trouble are interest rates on the debt we sell would be much higher - things you might want to consider researching if you want to even pretend like you know what you're talking about.
i don't know what kind of bond buying nonsense you are going on about.  here is a fun exercise for you: compare currencies that have actually failed to the USD, then get back to me with the list of similarities and differences.  then circle the (huge) differences that you have to completely ignore to try and believe your ridiculous theory.
you are so clueless that you do not even understand how to compare japan and the usa properly.  you seem to be ignoring the US population is 2.5 times japan.  and the US gdp is nearly 4 times it.  yet you compared them directly?  hilarious indeed.  and i'll again note central banks are not filled to the brim with yen - and the yen has yet to collapse like you believe the USD is about to.
i will no longer engage you on this topic because you're either an old man who has never learned anything but a caricature of economics, or you're a 16 year old talking well above your education on the subject.  either way not even understanding how to compare the two countries means it's a waste of time for me to keep chatting with you about this.
@_date: 2018-06-02 15:41:07
what do you do there for work?
what do the supermarkets really look like?
what percent of people do anything with crypto?  is it 100% BTC?
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:03:03
if 100% of people think like this i think bitcoin will never be any more than a speculative volatile trading game going up and down, moving money from unlucky to lucky or for trading unskilled to skilled or from manipulated to manipulators.  
@_date: 2018-06-02 15:56:19
i'm hoping to score a crypto related job in the near future, and considering trying to hop around and make some interviews or a short documentary about crypto usage, as i find 'hodl until lambo' people ridiculous, but real world use cases super interesting.  i was thinking of trying to visit and meet some people in venezuela and argentina.  how safe is venezuela now to visit?  thoughts?
@_date: 2018-06-05 23:13:13
what do you mean "thread to the governments?"
btc is not a valuable asset, it has not value unless used for a currency.  it's day one value was in being a currency and it needs to be used as one else it will die.  there is no point to buy it just to sit on, it really is reduced to just a silly ponzi scheme then.  and they all eventually collapse.  if btc squanders its first mover advantage by moving away from a currency into just a speculative ponzi then it will eventually collapse into the trash bin of history.  there is no need for a digital something that is simply an asset, or a 'digital gold' that sits around, people claiming this don't even appear to understand actual gold in history or current use.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:00:39
confused about your europe mention?  i wrote that noting places like zimbabwe/venezuela/argentina, etc.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:16:31
i think it only becomes firm if risk tolerant users/merchants take the risk in adopting and using it - the same as when the price is $10k as when it was $1.  as long as most placers are simply financial speculators i don't think it will ever stop being very volatile.  why would anything if the market valuing it is primarily speculation?
@_date: 2018-06-11 00:33:29


i don't think it needs to be superior, just at parity/preserve purchasing power.  ie. sitting on btc at parity with usd in a checking or savings account.
the merchant would need to convert some to fiat (taxes) but could sit on the rest if they could themselves spend it on goods and services.  especially so if who they purchased these from provided a discount for using crypto, perhaps because it settles quickly, has less fees, etc.
they may also choose to sit on it for more political reasons than just economic ones ie. if they are interested in diminishing the power of the government over money, which is also an economic reason, although one that would move a lot slower (at least in a country like the US, less so in a country like argentina or venezuela)


i am not separating out these functions at any point with the goal in mind of replacing fiat for all cases with crypto for all cases.


commenting specifically on merchants, it will take those willing to assume more risk to accept and certainly hold it - which seems absolutely to be accepted from any new voluntary currency.  but it would gain stability by firm actual adoption and use - it doesn't come from a bunch of speculators.  what is more stable, 50k bitcoin users who use it for transactions, or 100k bitcion 'investors' who buy and hodl it hoping to get rich?  have we not seen the most speculation and volatility ever recently, despite it having the most amount of money and users yet, while simultaneous causing much weaker merchant adoption as well as seeing some big merchants stop accepting it outright?


there's no reason to try and separate store of value or medium of exchange for it.  you keep ignoring my statements about if bitcoin came out being store of value only, it would have been ignored.  if bitcoin is only good at store of value, but i have to use OtherCoin for medium of exchange, if OtherCoin also has a limited deflationary supply proof of work mined, why wouldn't i simply keep both savings and spending in OtherCoin?  


tell that to the people who bought in at 20k.  the thing has barely even been around for a blip of time.  it's not a scam, but many people ignore bitcoin still thinking it's a scam, and plenty of people who are into it just treat it like a ponzi.  these are your most recent slew of adopters who are not looking for a store of value to preserve their capital - they are looking for a lottery ticket hoping to get rich.  you're just telling yourself "ah, these are store of value adopters looking for a place to save money!"


in speed, purchase protection, and convenience, generally yes.  although in terms of privacy as well as fees for a merchant or payer it has advantages though.
@_date: 2018-06-20 13:02:30
who cares?  pointless spreadsheet exercise.  meanwhile the project has more speculators that simply want to hold it actually than use it so it could even justify anything like its current price.
@_date: 2018-06-05 17:55:46
high fees happened and more speculators joined.  the fees discouraged adoption, the speculative rising price encouraged hoarding instead of spending or earning/burning.  the percentage of people interested in a competing currency being adopted got crowded out by a bunch of people treating bitcoin as a get rich pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2018-06-19 13:23:16
you're addressing the 5% of people that actually care about what bitcoin is supposed to do or how it works, unfortunately 95% believe it is a magic lottery ticket to hodl them rich.
@_date: 2018-06-07 16:05:35
the housing market is no longer in an asset bubble and the others would not have a similar impact even if they did change.  none of these would take down either the US nor the USD and i can only conclude that your armchair economics needs a bit more practice.
@_date: 2018-06-15 17:04:03
i consider this an unfortunate but possible end case for bitcoin, far from where it was originally envisioned to be.
@_date: 2018-06-14 22:44:44
to me that makes no sense.  it is the commodity then with the least utility ever as it can't even be a doorstop.  if the white paper came out saying it was just a commodity or just a store of value, why would it not be immediately dismissed as a scam?
gold itself lives in a special place where bitcoin does not, because gold was money for thousands of years, and still sits as insurance/currency of last result in the monetary system.
bitcoin's analogy to gold is that it is what fully reserved gold *as money* would look like, done electronically.
market cap is an interesting metric to compare one crypto to the next, but doesn't mean one is any more meaningful/stable/useful/etc/etc than the last.  a million times more interesting is something like the trading volume.
@_date: 2018-06-12 16:04:17
people are selling it for USD fiat because fiat has much more flexibility stability and use.  and a ton of bitcoiners don't have interest in outcompeting it but instead are pretend their competition is gold and there is need for a digital store of value to replace it, while the real intent of bitcoin is digital gold as money to outcompete and replace fiat.
i don't think the graph tells the whole story either, given income is also important.  ie. would perfect stability and a 1% improvement in incomes allow people to have more growth in their living standards, or would 5% inflation with 10% gdp growh and 7% growth in wages be better?
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:12:10
is it remotely fair to make that claim if you caveat it by saying oh, between direct connections on these few big channels?
@_date: 2018-06-14 18:47:04
that's because most of these adopters are really just "investors" or actually speculators who couldn't really give a fuck about the whole point of bitcoin, they just want it to make them wealthy, like a lottery ticket
@_date: 2018-06-29 20:04:28
so far it's only shaking greedy speculators who don't care about bitcoin outcompeting fiat to the core.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:42:12
pointless math.  there's one unique drawing i just made too, guess it's worth all da moneyz?  supply and demand, doesn't matter if supply is limited if there's no demand.  and real demand comes from actual use not speculative hodling either, so there's a long way to go for real demand and a stable price.
@_date: 2018-06-13 01:40:56
bull runs built on weak speculators fall on them as well.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:29:52
only if you deny reality.  there is no possible world in which you could claim the US has managed its currency more poorly than zimbabwe, venezuela, or argentina.  the latter of which has tried to escape its problem multiple times by literally pegging itself to the USD.
i'm financially uneducated?  you think US debt drives US purchasing power of USD.  a simple read of debt and dollar index will tell you this is false.  next you will tell me the USD is about to collapse any day now because of debt, somehow ignoring that japan has way way more debt - yet still hasn't collapsed.  also ignoring that central banks the world over are so full of USD that they have active interests to see it not collapse to maintain the purchasing power of their investments - something japan also doesn't have - yet japanese yen still hasn't collapsed.  
@_date: 2018-06-11 20:09:46
because i would expect the average person to take that claim as meaning the whole network, not some synthetic result combined to some small part of it.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:21:47
i think only bitcoin plummeting and burning the shit out of people would purge them, and hopefully after something that dire bitcoin could be free of them at least for some time and focus on the work of merchant adoption, although realistically i am skeptical that will happen.  i also feel like other coins are working harder on that adoption and bitcoin is squandering its first mover advantage, although, who the hell knows where any of this stuff is going to end up?  \_()_/
@_date: 2018-06-10 20:53:16
it's not that they hate math.
it's that they don't think a handful of guys with some models can manage the economy.  given money made too cheap for too long via the central bank fed the housing bubble that seems some valid critique.
you may as well be arguing that so many kremlinologist did so much math that of course they knew what the price of bread should be.
@_date: 2018-06-25 23:37:30
hey fyi the point of a currency is to enable transactions - not make you wealthier.  spoiler alert: the latter is also not the point of a store of value either...
@_date: 2018-06-27 15:32:44
right right and you can claim that about hamburgers and a comic book and the drawing i just put on the fridge.  it doesn't mean they are remotely equivalent comparisons to anything whatsoever.  gold still sits on a throne btc is not close to touching.  you are equating the central banks of sovereign nations being full of gold bullion with the speculative hodling of economic noobs "investing"/speculating in a btc lotto ticket.  they ain't equal.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:54:53


this is only true while there are not more adopters.  if i make art and sell it for bitcoin i only ever have it.  my pizza vendor may choose to keep btc funds 100 to 0%.  for btc to displace fiat it needs adopters, which is how i get to the point of selling my goods and services for fiat and the vendor keeping 100% of received funds in fiat.  HODL is not going to get us there.


even simply as a payment network this would still put demand on bitcoin.  but i am not arguing for it to be used as a payment network, i am arguing for it to be used as currency which includes paying for things with it, because that's how you use a currency.  spending it will increase actual use and adoption of it, so the 50 people who think it's an outright scam and speculative ponzi turns into 25 people who think that and 25 people who pick it up and use it.  the latter of which will certainly cause price appreciation as well.  vs. weak hands and minds of speculators hoping to HODL until lambo, who consider bitcoin not a currency to compete and displace fiat, but as a lottery ticket.  stable value and use as a currency comes from real adoption not from blatant speculation and gambling, and constantly checking last transaction price.
i don't see how your article applies because bitcoin holders/speculators are not holding bitcoin as money as a instantly re-saleable base commodity for trade, neither are themselves calling it an investment, and the safety of cash savings in the wake of uncertainty has now been converted into a rather volatile and uncertain entity (bitcoin) for which many do not care about anything whatsoever (just that it will go up) - whereas others will claim it's not a medium of exchange yet but store of value only/digital gold - while also being of the same mine that it will go up.  meanwhile stores of values ideally go neither up nor down, and gold is essentially held as insurance/currency of last resort/safe haven, not an 'investment' to make money on.  ie. isn't the popular austrian example that an ounce of gold bought one a nice tunic, belt, and sandals just as it would in today's world buy the equivalent nice suit, belt, and shoes?
@_date: 2018-06-27 00:47:03
gold also has thousands of years of use as money in culture and history, as well as still playing the role of insurance/currency of last resort in the current monetary system.
but bitcoin gets to skip past all this because some speculators hodling?  lol.
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:19:16
2008 was a necessary collapse of the US housing bubble, caused by too easy for too long credit provided by the fed, and plenty of ignored regulation and outright fraud by many bank players.  i don't know how you can claim it couldn't happen again.  if you are specifically referring to something like bank bailouts then i also see no reason bitcoin would have changed that, unless bitcoin had been widely adopted as currency - which it is a far way off from today.
gold itself actually went down in 2008.  also the point of gold today is essentially as insurance and preventing the loss of capital.  few people have bought BTC for this and it seems much of the community is simply of the opinion 'buy and hold til lambo' which is more speculative bubble/scam type thinking then change the world by changing the currency and the rules thinking.  note also the USD and fiat didn't "destroy itself" then as one other poster is stating, in fact the claims of the USD 'collapsing' that people generally make it here are absolutely ridiculous and appear to ignore the history of the many examples we have to look at of fiat or other money actually collapsing - which ought to be useful to look at for anyone genuinely interested in currency economics vs. hyperbole and doom &amp; gloom wet dreams.
@_date: 2018-06-07 00:07:19
that was an asset bubble in housing that has now been cleaned up 100%.  and?  what are you claiming would be the second?
@_date: 2018-06-03 23:39:03
yeah this feels like it's more of a tumble in the bad idea machine and any interview to be done via skype!
@_date: 2018-06-10 21:18:26
that's velocity not supply.
people bought food with gold or gold backed currencies throughout much of history.
i'm libertarian, and don't think you understand anything about any school's view on currency economics, and have probably made up your own economic philosophy around bitcoin and pretend it matches one.
@_date: 2018-06-27 17:11:50
@_date: 2018-06-19 13:22:03
too small.
@_date: 2018-06-14 19:55:41
'market cap' is an almost entirely useless metric for a currency.  note we don't even talk about it or something like it for fiat and that's not simply because we know the number of coins out there for crypto.
@_date: 2018-06-10 22:04:03
increasing spending (spend and replace) helps retain/grow its value because it establishes itself as an actual currency instead of a speculative ponzi situation - it is actually getting some real use/utility rather than 'i bought and held this so umm you should too, next guy'
if i take your logic out to the extreme, you could 'decrease supply' by forming the ultimately HODLer team of 10 guys or even just yourself as 1 guy, then buy up every single bitcoin.  would you be wealthy?  in bitcoin yes, in purchasing power no, because it's utility/use as currency would essentially be destroyed once it was in the hands of only 10 people.
what you have now is a huge amount of weak handed to bold let it ride currency speculators and not enough people/merchants using it to actually do real things with, which would help firm up and stabilize it.
@_date: 2018-06-03 23:58:13
if i was selling some for that much cash in real life, i'd literally do this at a police station or a bank
@_date: 2018-06-29 13:58:28
you don't need to spend real estate or beanie babies for them to have value, that doesn't mean that they have good organic stable fundamental value though.  if your claim is store of value only then why would i not just use something more proven for that?  it might even be some fiat USD or it could be actual gold instead of 'digital gold' - certainly both have been more stable than BTC.  virtually no one is buying BTC as store of value anyway.  some people in venezuela are due to lack of access to USD or gold.  but how many people in the US are buying BTC as a "store of value"?  zero.  they are "investing" (speculating) in it and hoping it goes up (a lot) in value.  which has nothing whatsoever to do with a store of value use case, whose entire purpose is to simply preserve capital - not grow it.
i also think it's a myth and popular belief on here that gold was used as a store of value and later at some time became a medium of exchange.  i don't think the real history is known but we know with certainty that governments decreed what money was and was good for settling payments and debts, and because of its properties, gold was a good choice.  the government decreed something so that it could extract taxes in it - really not much different than governments and currencies today.
your bitcoin to gold coin comparison i think fails empirically due to how volatile bitcoin's ability to preserve capital has been.  and the difference between the gold and current government coin to a child is indeed nothing, but the world has had a history and culture for thousands of years where the gold has been used as currency or currency of last resort/insurance as it is used today.  bitcoin doesn't get to just skip all that because someone on the internet thinks it's just as good/better based on the fact that a bunch of speculators - who care/understand/know nothing about bitcoin really - simply bought it as a lotto ticket hoping to get rich.  this would be the worst form of adoption, the dumbest of money and the weakest of hands, no surprise big rises lead to big falls, because these movements are largely speculation.  the majority of the last 100 people to buy any bitcoin weren't doing so because they want a store of value and they weren't doing so because they want to participate and outcompete fiat, they did it in the hopes that the next 100 would pay even more for a bitcoin.  maybe they will, maybe they won't.  maybe they will the next day, maybe they won't.  who knows.  it's hardly being treated as a competing currency nor even a much crappier proposition to me, a digital store of value - it's just being treated as a trading and speculation game today.  
you can buy and hodl until lambo but don't pretend that's analogous to gold or currency displacement, what it is analogous to is bubble rises and falls of beanie babies.
bitcoin, or any crypto, doesn't need you to buy and hodl it.  it needs you to buy and sell goods and services in it.
\&gt; In this regard, if Bitcoin replaced even a fraction of world reserves, it would justify a few trillion dollars.
again, bitcoin doesn't get to skip gold's special history - but you appear to fundamentally misunderstand gold's role even here.  gold is stored because it is the ultimate currency for the banks - it is accepted everywhere that matters in the financial world.  bitcoin is accepted almost nowhere.  and your message is for people to not even spend it at the few places that do accept it?
\&gt; With potentially better properties for hodling than gold and cash-like liquidity, Bitcoin is more like a savings account than gold or physical cash. 
by my read, the original intent of bitcoin was to be analagous to gold being monetized and used as cash again.  however with the digital advantages it provides and an equal starting ground.  plus governments have little interest in this, but bitcoin can work around governments.
\&gt; If Bitcoin is truly better than a normal savings account, which I believe it is, it is likely that Bitcoin and crypto can justify $20T-50T market caps. In a mature market many years away, that's 100-200x current values without much usage as a payment method or unit of account.
you say this as if it would be a normal or desired situation to save in x and spend in y.  why would i not just save and spend in y?  people can exaggerate how bad USD is all they want, the reality is it's a dirty shirt but it's still one of the least dirty out there.  and part of the problem few people outside libertarians in the US get worked up about how the monetary system works is because it has served reasonably well so far.  people save and spend in y with 0&amp; gold backing, just like they did over 100 years ago with up to 100&amp; gold backing.  if you look at a country like vietnam with poor fiat management however, i believe some large transactions (buying a house) as well as savings have been by many done in gold while spending is done in fiat.  but this is only because the fiat has been so poorly managed.
as per the white paper BTC certainly started out immediately being currency and as such having features of medium of exchange and store of value, ones that only improve as more people participate in BTC.  there's no shitty government to screw up either feature so in theory why would anyone even propose or desire some save in x spend in y system - why can't bitcoin be both?  immediately?  was that not exactly what the project was from its inception and then many years after?
outside of living in a hell hole of idiot management like venezuela, in say 2015 was it not universally understood and desired by the bitcoin community to both save/earn/spend money in bitcoin?  was not the focus to get more individuals to do this?  to get more merchants to do this?
yet now it has devolved into this - oh it is just only for, or primarily for, saving.  the genesis block mentions a bank bailout in england - but bitcoin's emergence into the world was to... create savings accounts for people in england?  i'm an american, is my problem here i can't figure out how to save money?  don't know how to buy gold?  the spread between 2&amp; inflation and 1.5&amp; savings rate is ruining my life?  i don't need bitcoin to act as a way for me to save, and neither do most people outside venezuela.  acting as a currency and being used in transactions brings in higher quality participants, stronger hands, smarter money, and will increase stability - all while still also being a store of value.  bitcoin doesn't need more hodlers and it doesn't need lowest common denominator lottery buying speculators either.  it needs more people who actually want to use it.
@_date: 2018-06-23 13:06:03
\&gt;  (I define this as those who can afford to buy and hold for the long term)  
i don't consider buy and hold adoption, nor do i consider it investment; it is simply currency speculation.  adoption isn't being hindered for the normal person in america at all.  what prevents adoption is
1. uncertainty in value/lack of stability
2. lack of seeing any advantages to using crypto
3. even most people who already are participants do nothing but HODL it, instead of spend and replace
\ - it will get more stable as more people are in it, even HODLers, although they are the dumbest money and weakest hands.  1 real organic transaction user is worth way more than a bunch of HODLers.
\ - only libertarians in the US have cared about displacing the USD - despite what their more extreme representatives say, or the economically illiterate crypto holders who think the USD is about to crash any day now, the USD has done pretty well as a currency.  there's no compelling reason to escape it for the average person as there is in some more poorly managed countries.
\ - this is on y'all.  i do not like the narrative of hold/store of value first, then transactions - i think any crypto should be encouraging spend and replace, and HODL until lambo or HODL until perpetually 18 months away or something is just absolutely stupid.
\&gt;  As it stands the great unbanked living in the third world 
rv gets ridiculed for 'saving da poor babies' but the guy is right in that sooner adoption to crypto's potential role of offering banking infrastructure where none exists does have the power to change people's lives.  i don't know how much as i've done a little research in this area - part of the problem is lack of access, but so to is there a lack of financial education.  although i was reading more about lending at the time which would certainly be more complex than simply saving and sending payments.
nonetheless i would also like to point out how BTC has become more challenging in this regard of late.  namely that high on chain fees really harms this use case.  over the past year we have moved further from this use case, not closer to it.
@_date: 2018-06-10 20:57:09
it's called economic incentives
@_date: 2018-06-10 21:07:04
you are not investing in a currency, if you really want to support and grow it in adoption and its market value, you need to buy and sell products and services in it.  buying to HODL is not investment, it is pure speculation.  tons of people have been attracted to a high/rapidly rising price - who for the most part could really care less about anything bitcoin was made or intended to do, and just about making money - these are super speculative and also the weakest hands and weakest minds.  you eventually run out of finding new people to come in like this and/or when times get rough they are the first to go away.  what bitcoin needs and has in small amounts is not 'real investors' but 'real adopters' - not get rich speculators.
@_date: 2018-06-10 21:02:14
if everyone hodled it would not be a new voluntary cryptocurrency but essentially the ponzi some have critiqued it to be.  it's stupid to ridicule the people that sold thousands or bought some pizza with them as foolish.  more foolish is thinking a new currency is adopted by HODLing it to 'get rich'
@_date: 2018-06-03 23:43:37
well, my thoughts were someone making this little would be far out of any area i would actually be in; gdp per capita at purchasing power parity for venezuela puts it above other countries i would/have visited.
nonetheless, that doesn't 
1. take into account gini/inequity or, the big one,
2. a severely problematic currency and crisis
given it sounds pretty unsafe without arranging some kind of legit handlers or something it seems a much better case to explore remotely.
@_date: 2018-06-14 22:39:35
why would people adopt it in 10-20 years if they don't start adopting it now?  if you are early in and risk tolerant and even you don't do it?
@_date: 2018-06-14 20:20:16
i haven't stated it's not.  i've stated market cap for a currency isn't.
@_date: 2018-06-02 16:15:08
i'd be looking for a safe one, not a rich one, although this comment doesn't make a visit now sound like a particularly good idea then!
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:17:22
yes, which is absolutely undeniable.
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:11:59
as a libertarian i was interested in gold being monetized as a complimentary/competing currency for years, and the original bitcoin project seemed analogous to this.
becoming wealthier would be a nice side effect, but my interest in price isn't that it moons but that it reflect some kind of real organic use and equilibrium.  if it were to go to 5k or 20k i would be happy either way if the price was based on open markets and real use and adoption as currency.  if it's just a speculative trading game then if it goes to 20k or 30k i might enjoy a little speculative 'profit' but i'd be disappointed that the dream of some fiat currency displacement will be reduced to just some financial speculation tool.
@_date: 2019-04-22 15:50:39
none of what you stated makes someone owning bitcoin qualified to speak about it under any scenario.  i own shares of boeing, am i an expert on aviation now?  plane manufacturing?  that your primary go to comment on it is simple "investing" in it already signals to me that you would probably be a poor advocate of it.  instead of a poor man's andreas antonopoulos, you'd probably sound like a poor man's carlos matos to my old man.
@_date: 2019-04-08 22:20:08
but do those not demonstrate someone's critical thinking skills?  since when did technical skills translate into economic ones?
@_date: 2019-04-02 05:14:18
it's called letting the perfect be the enemy of the good.  the real risk is that BTC+LN has hindered adoption and is squandering its first mover advantage, all the while other cryptos have moved towards actual adoption for something beyond just speculative hodling.  each day/month/year BTC+LN fails to be safe/fast/cheap/simple just causes it to walk slowly while others are running.  it's still far ahead, but those others are doing their best to catch up and blow right by it.
@_date: 2019-04-02 10:02:09
engineers always create the best and most useful things, like betamax
@_date: 2019-04-22 14:27:31


why not?  it is like you are ignoring shills who talk their own book exist, or how badly the 50th percentile "crypto enthusiast" or "bitcoin investor" speaks about crypto.  this average person is \*\*absolutely fucking terrible\*\*.  my dad is an accountant, he has no bitcoin, he's very aware of how money works - if he has a conversation with the average bitcoin holder he's going to walk away thinking it's somewhere between a scam and a bubble and that the person he talked to is a clueless muppet.
if someone doesn't own bitcoin but can converse on it, in my experience it's often a better conversation than with a large chunk of the people that do own some.
@_date: 2019-04-08 22:18:45
it seems like technical religious (of which luke is quite, right?) purity is cited as to why the blocks should be 300kb, or 1 MB because that's what it is now and the "risk" in expanding to 2+.  meanwhile by the time i would actually have any real interest in running my own full node, bitcoin would have to be astronomically more adopted than it is now.  and in the short term, these religious views are harming adoption for people outside of speculative fomo holders, imo.
@_date: 2019-04-02 05:29:01
i'll take confirmation bias for $1000, alex
@_date: 2019-04-22 20:22:24
you make it sound like you have this skeptical rigorous qualification, meanwhile dismiss someone completely if they don't 'research a couple hours and decide to hodl' - does that sound like someone looking for a rigorous skeptic or someone looking for confirmation of their existing views, ie. confirmation bias city?
@_date: 2019-04-20 20:20:26
this isn't a wise reasoned investment, this is ridiculous fomo speculation with money you don't have.  you shouldn't even do this for much more conservative investments with much clearer returns.
\&gt; I don't think that BTC will drop below 5$k ever.
you are, 100%, completely, unable to defend this scenario with any math or logic confidently.  it's absolutely well within the realm of possibility that the price drops below 5k, even well below 5k.
@_date: 2019-04-22 15:55:56
that's a ridiculous expectation.  bitcoin is not some extremely undervalued asset, like shares of a company on a massive discount.  it's a completely new global experiment with a voluntaryist currency, the price of which has been driven by serial bubbles and fomo speculation more than true currency adoption.  no one really knows where it will really end up, or if it will just continue to be a speculative lottery or if it will become a true fiat competitor.  it is certainly no "you're an idiot if you spent a couple hours 'researching' it and don't want to buy any" slam dunk obvious buy.
@_date: 2019-04-08 23:02:48
is the desire for 300 kb blocks simply related to crypto or coding abilities?
@_date: 2019-04-08 22:57:58
i always question the opinions of zealots who display crazy thoughts.  i hope everyone does.
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:07:59
thanks, you sound like a mature adult.
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:31:09
i certainly don't disagree with that at all, but i'm trying to understand the vision for the actual go forward economic value/use/utility.
properly thought of gold is more insurance as i noted above; i think it was an old wall street advice to keep x like 10% in your portfolio - in case your stocks didn't perform.  and it sits in central banks as defense if your currency is dropping (and you run out of USD or EUR reserves to defend it or they're doing crappy too).
bitcoin is enjoying what seems to be a rush and speculative frenzy but those don't go on forever.
@_date: 2018-03-16 12:43:32
if you are spending it at shops and companies then you are using it as a currency.  a currency's purchasing power comes as a result for supply and demand for a currency.  governments by fiat dictate it's use and force demand.  the strength of the economy behind them and their trades on open exchanges like forex and comex for other currencies and commodities aggregate to their purchasing power value.  there's a ton of real organic use and demand and a bit of speculation in there.
bitcoin is like the opposite, where there's very few people who are using it on actual goods and services.  there's a bit of real use and a massive amount of speculation.  for every one of you, there's 10 HODLers holding a lottery ticket.  what happens if FOMO HODLing reaches its saturation point and people no longer buy lottery tickets?
you are using bitcoin as a currency, and a feature of all currencies is it additionally functions as a store of value - some better than others.  you're apparently just taking the risky position of moving much of your bank account from USD to BTC.  this makes your use no more 'replacement gold' than if you were to move your bank to EUR or CAD though.
gold's role is as an asset with relatively stable purchasing power to insure against currency loss whether for an individual or a central bank.  bitcoin replaces neither *unless* used as a currency.  bitcoin does not work well for this right now, which is why you are a rare person in actually using it as a currency, and you're surely using USD for a lot more transactions and certainly all the smaller ones.  
the FOMO HODLers are trying to use it as a stored value only, and even if the lightning network came online and worked great, they wouldn't even care because they are simply HODLers anyway.  however there is no economic case to be made to simply buy and HODL a currency.  if 100% of people were simply HODLers, it would collapse to 0 eventually.  if the bitcoin paper was designed and named "an electronic buy and HODL virtual gold system" there would have been no point to buying it in the first place.
bitcoin was at its best when new news articles were about new merchants accepting it.
bitcoin is now at its worst, when news articles simply cite it's price, and my nail salon friend wants to buy and HODL some because some of her clients have made money on it because they got in to HODL it a little earlier.  what is it?  what's it used for?  how does it work?  who cares - it's to buy and HODL and make more money on.  not that a store of value is actually supposed to increase in purchasing power anyway - it's a store - it's supposed to just keep the same value.
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:45:40
i own some gold.  i believe it is historically undervalued.  i wouldn't be surprised if during my lifetime there is a ratchet down of the dollar to gold as there was in 1933 and 1972.
i don't hold it because i think the central banks will fail, particularly the US one.  it seems a ridiculous idea really ignoring both history and economy, if you look at currencies that *actually* failed and the surrounding circumstances.  the US is hardly similar.
the old rules of money apply to bitcoin because because bitcoin plays by the rules of economics.  bitcoin acting like a currency would become very similar to gold mobilized as a currency but without unknowns around mining rate or influxes from discovery, or challenges of things like physically dividing gold.  this is the only way it will not 'easily replace' but will compete with and displace currency and in the process gold as monetary asset class.  you seem to be coming at it from an angle that it can just start as this store of value first, and that people will want it because that's a remotely valid use case, in which cas you must have misheard everything in economics 101.  the only reason to want bitcoin is if you can use it as a currency.
what trust between nations is necessary for a currency to be "good"?  i just sold some goods to someone in europe.  they paid me in dollars.  are you claiming i had to trust europe or germany or euros?  i didn't.  what do you mean the elasticity and portability of fiat money?  bitcoin is in no sense elastic compared to fiat.  i don't know what you mean by portability, that you can transact with paper rather than physical gold or something?  you could do that even under various implementations of gold standards, all of which could be done better today if someone wanted to.
i agree a bitcoin money system would be a positive force as a competing currency.  it's too bad so few bitcoin holders are using it as a currency though isn't it.  they just think it's magic "new gold" lottery ticket.  it's valuable because, it just is man.  HODL.  but that's not how currencies work.
@_date: 2018-03-16 09:33:15
gold is basically insurance whether in a stock portfolio or a central bank, based largely on having an actual history of money, based in good part because governments demanded it be so, so they would be able to extract taxes from their citizens.
how does bitcoin become a store of value only or asset class like gold?  what little history it enjoyed as currency seems to be on the decline now with high fees and bitcoin holders that simply HODL it.  it just seems to be a speculative frenzy now.
i could convince someone like my parents to buy gold to insure against a decline in fiat currency and act as a store of value.  it would not be a great currency, at least in physical form, although goldmoney seems to have made some progress on that.
how could i convince my parents to buy bitcoin as this though?  it has no history as a store of value at all, it has a small monetary history although it seems to be quite in question at the moment and if the lightning network doesn't deliver on all its promises.  there's no real need for some online virtual store of value; the only reason it even kind of exists today like that is not because of a mass held belief based on actual history like gold, but a small but frenzied HODL aggregation of speculators, who didn't buy it because they wanted an alternative currency, or a digital virtual store of value - they just bought it to HODL because of FOMO for gains - which is not what a store of value is supposed to even do.  why wouldn't the economic end to that kind of thinking be it goes to 0 when the speculative party is all over?
it's not like we are talking like lots of new money is based on real economic utility or demand or need etc.  you have janky ICOs raising tons of money, gazillions of dollars going into bitconnect, the most transparent pump and dumps in modern history, etc.
bitcoin is supposed to be a currency and like all currencies find it's market value through supply and demand for it.  but if no one is actually using it - ie. activity is 100% buy or sell other currencies for it, but no goods or services - it's simply a vehicle for speculation.
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:02:27
aren't those the same thing?
@_date: 2018-03-16 11:50:39
1. sure...  but one designed to be a competing currency.  its primary users seem more interested in it as a massive hodl speculation to lambo vehicle but as a speculative vehicle anything can happen to it, and the long term end of something that is purely speculative is pretty much always 0, as far as i can tell.
2. literally no one is putting money into it as a store of value so let's not pretend you are.  stores of value are stable and obviously it is nothing like that.  you seem to be missing the point of a store of value anyway which is not that your *bitcoin* is going to be there, it's that it's **purchasing power** is going to be there.
3. gold doesn't really degrade but these are pointless things anyway - i mean so what about that or the limit?  that doesn't impute value itself.  bitcoin could be sent anywhere but the only point in doing so is if you were doing so for goods and services, not shits and giggles, or 100% speculation.  at 100% speculation it basically really is a pyramid scheme.
your comments on having bitcoin makes sense - but do you *actually* transact with it?  because the amount of people doing actual transactions, using it like a currency, seems to be on the decline, while new participants are all FOMO HODLer "investors".  
i don't know who your "plenty" of people are as the majority of the plenty i see are just FOMO speculators who couldn't give less of a fuck about anything bitcoin might do outside of get them more money, basically it's just a lotto ticket to them.
there is no reason for a new digital gold to replace the existing one, it's completely inferior to actual gold for gold's current use case as a store of value/preservation of purchasing power for individuals, as well as the historic and current monetary role in central banks as the currency of last resort.  it's use case to replace gold as used currently is literally bad or non-existent.
where it does have a potential future is as *digital gold as currency* operating as full reserve banking.  the only part of your response that makes any real economic sense is that yes you can send it to people quickly and easily, so it could actually be used as a currency for transactions.  well if this lightning network ever actually really works.
it doesn't displace gold at all.  it competes with fiat.  as one would expect a currency to do.
@_date: 2018-03-16 10:36:45
no it doesn't.
1. it has no intrinsic value
2. it has no cultural/mass human use/belief as historical money
3. it has no existing state within the banking system as money
the point of bitcoin was to function **as gold would** as currency, while solving some of those mentioned issues (ie. physically transferring something, it being hard to divide, etc.)
the analogous thing to gold money advocates, which bitcoin was to achieve, was **full reserve banking** - gold has physical challenges and gold as money was unlikely to come from any nation adopting it, but technically resolving these problems and allowing a new currency to be born on the internet opened a path for it to be achieved.
it literally makes no sense as a store of value only.  as that it is easily inferior to gold.  it's long term trend as a store of value would be 0, and it wouldn't have gotten off the ground if that was the proposed use case.  unless lightning can bring it back to being useful as a currency, then it just serves as a speculation machine and a currency intermediary until other crypto trading pairs are established, ie. it kind of works like petrodollars.  but when more pairs are added - you would no longer need those either.
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:14:56
but a currency derives it's value from supply and demand in use, right?  which, for government, it's use is declared by fiat - only their currency is allowed for settling taxes, and all debts settled in court will be done denoted in their currency (even if you and i had a contract where i'd pay you in gold.)  since a cryptocurrency has no country, it only has us freely choosing to buy/sell it on an open market which in theory we do for a currency because it's better somehow; cheaper merchant fees, or conversions, or items that can't be bought on other markets.
my understanding is bitcoin is now termed as e-gold or a new gold - but not thought of any longer as a currency, but more like the asset/insurance role that it has in the current monetary system.
but why or how?  it doesn't enjoy this monetary history, and nothing happened to the 'old' gold to make it defunct.
@_date: 2018-07-06 01:21:13
bitcoin, the only store of value defended to death as being the best store of value despite massive volatility and declines, simultaneously also the store of value which people expect to hodl until lambo.  because that's what a store of value is supposed to do, right?  make you rich?  
@_date: 2018-07-04 15:02:04
i see no reason to draw anything from this.  and if you say a finite limited amount of coin that is harder to get over time and backs a 100&amp; fully reserved banking system, the immediate analogy to currency is gold monetized once again.
@_date: 2018-07-07 16:20:12
these days i think you are on the minority end of r/bitcoin and BTC users, imho
@_date: 2018-04-29 11:32:51
i wouldn't argue that oil/gas/etc had no intrinsic value.  i'd just say their market value didn't match their intrinsic value or that value was not recognized.
the big difference with gold - as well as the USD in your wallet - is that they were/are both used as currency.  by mandate and force of the taxing authority, ie. the government as both a way to extract taxes from its citizens as well as to legally settle debts and disputes.  they essentially had forced massive adoptions as currency.  whereas crypto doesn't have much adoption yet and most of it is simply for speculation.
@_date: 2018-04-30 08:23:58
and after you posted this, you returned to fiat 10 minutes later for all the daily things you do that require fiat?
debt doesn't mean a currency blows up.  you can do some basic research on currencies that have blown up and see that a lot of debt, particularly alone, doesn't mean that's going to happen.  so do you really understand fiat in the first place?
@_date: 2018-04-11 09:33:58
i do indeed, it doesn't mean your analogies are remotely valid, accurate, or here's the kicker - useful.
a more useful real analogy, is that many participants are treating crypto like a lottery ticket.  it's not the original intent, but people can do what they want to do, and they can treat it as a lottery; with some people winning as well.
wouldn't change my actual point that a crypto currency needs adoption as currency to become stable and stick around.  treating one as a lottery will not cause either to happen.
@_date: 2018-04-26 14:32:35
i don't find gold analogous to bitcoin in anything other than it being analogously defined, ie, it is mined, and it bitcoin is a fully reserved banking system like austrian economists have fantasized about for gold.
gold is a currency of last resort, based on a history of use of currency.  that also does not, i believe, go swimmingly along with this 'store of value first' narrative around bitcoin, as i'm pretty sure gold as currency came about as all currencies did for large and complex system - at the behest of the king and government, who could use it to extract taxation.  that is certainly how our fiat currencies work now too, of course.
gold *was* essentially near cash.  in 2020 you are advised to keep some money in treasuries or bonds to keep it safe, a higher percentage if you're older.  back in 1920 that was gold, because the USD was almost as good as gold.  it of course wasn't *actually* as good, because of fractional banking.  but the point is the same - gold was money, for humans, for zillions of years.
gold is still a currency today as a result of that history - perhaps culturally for people who have dealt with nasty inflation in the past for use as savings or large purchases (vietnam) but it is certainly the currency of last resort in the global banking system - which is why central banks the world over are full of it.  it is the ultimate reserve currency, when you run out of x or x fails, where x is yen/eur/usd etc.
bitcoin does not live in this special circumstance or place at all.  it's a new currency.  if atlantis arose from the see and had atlantas bucks, it would have to earn its way into the world based on real organic use (and speculative forex trading) to find out what it's true purchasing power was.  but atlantis would have the benefit of requiring all its own citizens to use atlantis bucks, and if they demanded we pay in atlantis bucks for them to export the unobtanium they make, then the rest of the world would put even more real organic demand on their currency.
meanwhile bitcoin, nor any crypto, has no such requirement on its use.  at minimum, all taxes must be paid in the US with USD, and all court debts will be settled in USD.  bitcoin has no artificial state support forcing this use.  it can only stand on its merits alone.  it has to convince others to use it by being better.
better how?  well it's more difficult to fund a war if you have fully reserved banking and need to collect taxes via a currency you can't just print.  it can also offer much lower fees for merchants to use or individuals to transfer.  it can offer greater privacy.  through mobile use it can reach the financially excluded or underbanked.  it can route around currency controls and allow capital flight from an untrusted government, as well as an escape from a mismanaged currency.
if bitcoin doesn't get adopted for these things, then we're all just in a speculative circle jerk where some people win and some people lose, and the currency ends up being nothing but some kind of sentiment trading game.  which wouldn't make it a currency, nor even the store of value feature of one.
@_date: 2018-04-11 09:21:56
how is present state a solution?  it took BTC from having merchant adoption to losing merchants.  how is that a plus?  the claim that it is 'like virtual gold' now, that we should just want, seems to ignore both economics and history.  gold became money because kings/governments made it so to extract taxes - just like as is done with our fiat.  it at least had intrinsic value as well.  bitcoin has neither of these going for it, and if it came out as a store of value, it would have gone absolutely nowhere.
i don't understand why lightning wasn't simply done in parallel with changing the blocksize and allowing bitcoin to chooch along as it had been.  it's current state has been crappy for adoption, and news articles have gone from new merchants accepting it to simply being about it's price, attracting FOMO bubble speculators and not what a currency needs - people who actually transact in it.
lightning seems to have significant technical challenges.  so actual adoption seems put on hold to put 100% faith in something that seems really quite fragile and unready for prime time with significant challenges.  BCH may certainly have challenges in the future but it looks like BTC shot itself in the foot.
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:46:50
lol i do love the meme.  so this is essentially a low fee intermediary that by virtue of being a cute fad some time is now a cheap way to transfer money?  pry ain't gonna last forever but that does help me make sense of why it's still bouncing around.
@_date: 2018-04-11 10:04:20
lol been on reddit off and on a bit but still don't even know what it means.  thanks to whoever did it though, i shall go explore.  unfortunately it doesn't seem to help with rate limiting me trying to respond to all of these comments.
@_date: 2018-04-11 08:51:16
but where was it wrong to expect this to keep on chain solutions cheaper and allow bitcoin continued on chain growth, while this could still be worked on in the side for the future?
lightning has taken a long time and is there any real question that the current choices have resulted in the loss of merchants and market adoption?
is this not also a claim and full faith on what lightning will do *someday* vs. what it actually is capable of?  it's not that i don't think LN *sounds* good, it's that BTC made a choice that essentially felt like "hold off everybody" and "lightning will save us" - with LN making a bunch of promises that are technically challenging, and looks like they may very well go unfulfilled. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 00:13:45
it's still used to pay for goods and services, and is a store of value as a feature of being money.
few things exist solely as a store of value.  gold is still currency of last resort and was money for a zillion years.  bitcoin doesn't get to just skip that and be 'new digital gold' almost all its holders claiming to hold it for this reason are not doing it for this reason anyway - they are holding it as a speculative investment.  it's kind of a problem if everyone only 'uses' it as a speculative investment.
@_date: 2018-04-11 16:42:55
it does not seem feasible for small payments.
@_date: 2018-04-11 10:21:21
i understand you've said nothing remotely useful or meaningful so i'll cease responding to you.
@_date: 2018-04-29 15:06:54
certainly not - i was aware of it very early but have little myself, and that first bit i initially mined died with a former hard drive on my nerdbox.
i've been working remotely a while and traveling while i do so, should have some interviews with an exchange this week and if things go well i think i'll try popping about to places and see if i can find and interview people who use crypto locally to see how they actually use it.  although the problem with this is that some of the places where it likely has the most need one could not expect to have the greatest internet for work either!
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:32:33
probably because adoption rate and usage for a currency matters a million times over vs. the "market cap" of a currency, and btc and bch are definitely battling it out in a big way over that?
@_date: 2018-04-11 08:41:17
realistically i think all of crypto is majority HODLers, and it would be interesting if there was any way to separate out HODLers from others.  i think bitcoin is among the highest percentage of HODLers, because first mover/price/being so well known.
does gresham's law apply?  i think of this more in terms of face vs. intrinsic or commodity value, ie. silver dime vs. copper dime.  bitcoin of course, has no intrinsic value.  it is not 'good money' because of a stable intrinsic commodity value regardless of face; the only comparison to try and reach is if face is being devalued, the commodity is going up in face currency terms.  and bitcoin is going up; but not really in the same way.
bitcoin is deflationary, which is fine in small amounts, but not good in large amounts, because it doesn't result in anyone transacting.  ie. i think it's more analogous to compare bitcoin to the deflationary spiral of the depression, in my view, than to say gresham's law applies to it.
@_date: 2018-04-11 09:44:02
thank you for having a real response and not just some silly quip about r/btc or bcash etc etc.  i also own some BTC and BCH and as a libertarian am interested to see how this experiment evolves.
i would not include you as a HODLer even if you were an unwilling holder for a period, as you clearly have interest in actual use.  i am talking about things like my friend who owns a nail salon who wants to buy some bitcoin because some girls came in and their boyfriends have 'made so much money!!' or the car forum i'm on where people have been talking about politics for over a decade - where like 2 people will actually chat about currency but now 25 want to know how to buy some crypto, etc.
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:53:17
when i was in argentina, the exchange rate was announced on twitter.  
@_date: 2018-04-27 06:46:39
@_date: 2018-04-11 07:58:16
i don't know enough technical background to expound upon this point.  what i am looking at is basic utility, in which bcash seems to offer something attractive to merchants, while BTC has been driving them away.  if you don't have merchant adoption for a competing currency, what do you have left?  just a pure speculation vehicle.
@_date: 2018-04-26 15:31:00
i feel it is necessary when people are so confused about how currency works that they think "earn some" means "mine some" - and given the amount of people who think a currency's value comes from HODLing.
@_date: 2018-04-11 08:29:48
i agree that ver is unlikable in his message delivery and that it could be crafted better.  at the core though how is bitcoin cash not more like the original bitcoin though?  it's meant to work like cash, and i can buy something like a coffee or less with a small payment with it.
whereas BTC has not recently been so hot for that kind of thing, or impossible, and there is a new narrative around BTC as if it's "new gold" - but it doesn't have the economic role nor history of gold as money, and if the paper came out claiming it was a new store of value - and eventually some day could be used for payments, it would have gone absolutely nowhere with no adoption at all, right?
@_date: 2018-07-22 19:37:32
"boohoo i missed out on some currency speculation"
because this is what bitcoin is about, right?
@_date: 2018-04-29 11:05:58
this seems like a silly comparison, one is stocks, one is (supposed to be) a currency.  no one compares things like apple to the icelandic krona.
@_date: 2018-04-28 07:06:31


your claim is that it was just noise, but in reality fees/micropayments are quite different between the two, particularly back then.
to me, bch was looking to keep up with market adoption by reducing the fees to as small as possible as quickly as possible.  btc took a different route.
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:43:10
i claim it works like virtual good - at least as originally intended - because it's exactly like what every austrian fully reserved gold currency backer has wanted for decades.
in this very thread you have people talking about it like 'digital gold' and believing it can be a store of value only or first before becoming currency.  which i think is economically nonsense and ignores the history of both currencies as well as actual gold.
in any case, everyone is comparing it to gold in some fashion, not sure why you are plinking at me for that?
the complexity/scalability of LN does not lead me to believe it is now or in the relatively near future going to be able to be treated as casually/simpley as cash or bitcoin cash.
@_date: 2018-07-22 19:40:44
market cap is not that useful a stat for a currency to start in the first place.  crypto people give way too much credence to it, while in foreign exchange currency markets its basically ignored.  because currencies are not stocks.
@_date: 2018-04-16 05:38:58
i don't disagree that scale is a challenge on both.  my point is BTC broke adoption for LN that will *maybe* scale and BCH did not break this adoption.  i also disagree with the digital gold claim some BTC people make as 'digital gold store of value only/first' makes zero economic sense.  however that is kind of the point we are at today, and until LN really chooches and allows BTC to work as currency, i just see it as floundering around.  it doesn't seem to currently be in a state to even achieve the organic actual use it appears to have lost as a result of its high fees.




i don't understand these comments.  rick and others are not arguing "it's not coming" they are arguing about how realistic it is to expect it works anywhere near as well as the massive amount of faith that appears to have been placed into it.


it's not just a signal - both of the changes in BTC and BCH have had clear results in their fees and in their adoption.  i don't care how many MB it is - it's a competing crypto currency.  i want to see actual market use and adoption.  that is the only thing that makes a currency actually have value, be stable, compete and last.  not zomg hodl to lambo fomo speculators.


and isn't LN likely to be centralized into banks and other large holders?  should i really care about who gets mining reward anyway if my goal is a competing crypto currency?  this sounds akin to someone acting like they are poor because bill gates is rich.


it allowed for continued market and merchant adoption rate while BTC caused the same to decline, do you deny either of these?


it seems at present to be doing better because less activity has been going on in the network.  but have they not for many months now have had negative adoption for actual currency use?  all the articles i used to read about this or that merchant accepting bitcoin have almost entirely changed to simply 'the price of bitcoin is this' and 'bitcoin is/not in a bubble' - any actual currency use appears to be dying.
@_date: 2018-04-26 13:07:22
every currency would be based on this plus speculation.
which crypto is based on majority of actual use and organic demand vs. speculation?  probably none.  
or arguably monero the most based on that, for black market transaction preference.
@_date: 2018-04-11 09:11:56
is there any way to actually try and measure or quantify this?  it would be truly interesting.  i was under the impression this was true years ago, i am not under the impression this is true in april 2018.  i've seen far too many people who could care less about gold and have no idea how cash works or why anyone would want something different.  the people i have seen talking about it the most in recent times are not my libertarian brotatos, but people simply viewing any crypto participation as buying a lotto ticket, and bitcoin is the most famous lotto they've heard of.
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:43:18
hodling a currency doesn't give it value, organic demand of actually transacting in it and using it for goods and services does.  i would have hoped the comment would be that clear to anyone interested in a crypto competing currency.
@_date: 2018-04-28 07:20:20
if you did all the research and really get it, you'd be excited and advocating people *use* it, not that they "invest" (speculate) in it.
@_date: 2018-04-11 09:54:02
i own BCH and BTC both, and i nor any of us here are going to move markets with 'shilling' - i'm simply discussing the actual economics of it because i'm actually interested in currency economics and have been for over a decade.
@_date: 2018-04-11 16:54:24
i don't disagree that neither can scale to huge future levels at present.  the problem was BTC has taken a path that has harmed past/current levels as well as adoption.  and that path thus far doesn't seem like it's been working out very well.
it seems we already well knew that crypto couldn't replace debit, but i consider these run ups rushes of people to buy lotto tickets more than users looking to upend fiat currency and transact in crypto vs. their credit cards.  actually crypto is not even superior to a credit card in many regards anyway - i have fraud protection or cash back or rewards programs etc.; so crypto has to provide something even more attractive (hopefully a better price, as the fees should be lower.)
if BTC upped block size and continued to work on LN, then you would never have seen BCH and BTC would likely have kept adding merchants rather than losing them.  it just seems nonsensical to me to have gone down this path and put faith in our lord and savior LN.  BTC can be a store of value/medium of exchange/and a currency - as the former are features of being a currency.  i don't disagree with that.  i disagree with the notion that it can be just a store of value, or be a store of value and then years later turn into a medium of exchange.  that economically makes no sense and historically i am skeptic any money has ever come that way.  bitcoin in 2011 certainly didn't come with that message, because economically it is a poor one.
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:44:00
i would love it if someone could explain to me why this actually has any transactions.  like it seems a coin accepted by no merchants as payment, and is just used for speculation only, but i don't understand why this many people would even bother to speculate in it?
@_date: 2018-04-14 10:56:43
the analogy with the website wasn't intended to be a technical one.  it was purely about reacting to scaling while something is being adopted.  with one approach being to essentially do it live and the other one to kind of shut things down.
last night i was having beers with a guy who lives in vietnam primarily.  he mentioned that one of the larger real organic uses in the country was to escape currency controls, and many filipinos working abroad in vietnam would send remittances home got into crypto to avoid the controls and fees of traditional money transfer agents.  they used bitcoin for a while, but the high fees drove them out, and they now use bitcoin cash.
it's simply an anecdote - but i certainly find this much more meaningful than whatever complexity you needed to go through so that you can buy tacos from the one store that will sell you some in the heart of the most technologically experimental places on the planet.
rick falkvinge has several critiques of the lightning network and they seem all quite valid to me.


based on what though?  only time will tell.  i don't consider the sheer value or 'market cap' (a concept that doesn't sound right for a currency to start) an indicator of this, but it is something i hear often.  i would not find the price claim very valid normally, but in an environment filled with FOMO and people who claim bitcoin is store of value digital gold - who don't actually seem to understand how gold, or money, or any store of value have ever worked - price at a point in time matters even less.  i literally cannot even come and post in here without multiple people claiming things like i'm a shill for daring to even talk about how some things are valued or work.  wtf?  
what i'd actually find meaningful is something i don't think we have any real metrics around, which is how many real organic use cases are being leveraged for any given crypto.  remittances, merchant transactions, black or white market, etc etc.  in the least your one taco guy, does he take BTC or other coins too?  how many tacos has he sold in any of them, and over time?  he's a silicon valley taco guy i expect a full taco dashboard analysis.
i don't understand your claim that BCH is doing 'nothing more than a signal' - as if there hasn't been a real difference in trying to actually use BCT or BCH for payments as a result of the code changes and fork.
@_date: 2018-04-11 08:19:49
your analogies are crappy.  neither of these are currencies, which for the most part, has had surprisingly little change over thousands of years.  bitcoin itself is basically austrian utopian gold as money - fully reserved banking with very predictable mining growth.  it's not a flying car.
@_date: 2018-04-29 11:42:50
aluminum is also what the tip of the washington monument in dc is made out of.  well the original cap i think is now in a smithsonian or something.
it's also the one example i know of an actual free market resulting in a monopoly rather than one being created by government barriers to competition; alcoa came up with a new method which was so good that they outcompete everyone else.  even though they gained this status by simply being good at what they were doing, they were taken to court for being a monopoly.
also i don't find gold or crypto similar use cases.  gold in the current financial system is best thought of as insurance and the currency of last resort.  it is basically super cash accepted everywhere as a result of human and monetary history.  it is the super store of value and that's all it is supposed to do, retain purchasing power.
meanwhile crypto like bitcoin is intended to be currency and compete/displace fiat.  it's not meant to be used as this super insurance but meant to be used for buying and selling goods, as well as saving, and as a feature of being a currency also act as a store of value.
i don't understand the economics of some that claim store of value first, then currency, as i don't believe any currency has ever done this, nor does it make any economic sense this could/would happen nor is there a reason to treat or even invent crypto as just a store of value.  neither i think is anyone using it this way anyway - some people get into it to try and use it as a proper currency/spend/replace, others HODL/speculate until moon/lambo.  but stores of value do not speculate until lambo - they are not about gaining purchasing power, they are about *preserving* purchasing power.
@_date: 2018-04-29 11:22:51
i am guessing this is mostly related to ICO stuff?
cagayan valley is in the upper right of the philippines, i wonder why they chose it for this special zone.  i have been learning python and doing some kiva data analysis including working on the philippines.  
by consumption you can see it's rather poor and also relatively close to the metro manila region.  it has a lot of kiva activity.  i'm wondering if it's more financially mature than some of the other areas that are also close and poorer such as bicol to the east.  maybe it's just easier to access than there as well.
i was in the philippines in jan and i think i walked by a new stock exchange building and i was wondering if there were any crypto plans there.  i didn't chat with my local friends about crypto although i probably should have gone exploring more.  i may do this and work out something like a documentary depending on what new jerb i get.
i'm in bali now, anecdotally i know i'll get jumped on in here for saying this, but a guy i met here from vietnam working on his own eth based dapp crypto project said one of the things he saw real use of the currency for was filipinos sending remittances back home.  although they switched from btc to bch due to fees.
@_date: 2018-04-29 11:52:53
after reading some of those crypto-jacking stories, if i had any meaningful volume i'd be going big time offline/normal in all appearance!
@_date: 2018-04-11 08:08:17
am i incorrect in understanding that, if lightning succeeds, it's not that big of a deal to make it work for all sorts of other crypto currencies?
how is it not *simply untenable* to take what was a working system with merchant adoption and then put it on extreme hold?  it's like you have a website and grew from 100 to 1,000 then 10,000 users quickly - then instead of figuring out how to scale it to 100,000 or band-aid it there while you prepare for 1,000,000 - you've simply turned off what attracted your users in the first place so you could build it to handle 100,000,000 of them.  i would argue that is always a bad move, it feels like that's what has happened with BTC, and the things that were attractive and turned off have been so for a startlingly long time.
@_date: 2018-04-11 09:01:52
if the original white paper said it was a store of value, and used for payments some time later, what economic reason would anyone have ever had to actually purchase or value any?
has there ever been a time in history where this is even the case - store of value 'first'?  almost all traditional money has had some kind of intrinsic value - which bitcoin simply does not.  and in most societies what is money was declared by those in power, ie. the government/king, so wealth could be transferred as well as extracted from the populous via taxation.
i can't watch the video at the moment but i'll try and do it later, as i am interested in his comments on that and haven't seen them clearly before.
i do not consider holding bitcoin using it.  if i worked for USD and took it all home and burned it in my backyard on a hot summer day for the rest of my life, how would i have used USD for anything?  it wouldn't have even been used for heat.


this is interesting in that for people on the lower end of the income scale, the fees alone for BTC price them out, if we are still talking BTC vs. BCH.  nonetheless, why would holding it be the catalyst for change?  the possibility is that it does something like bring banking to unbanked people.  they do need a store of value but they need it as a stable one, which in the case of a currency, comes in the form of something actually used.  bitcoin isn't helped by holding it and trusting it as a store of value; if everyone did that it would be super volatile and 100% speculative.
look at the USD - people trade it on forex all the time.  but they are trading based on pips - tiny movements in the currency.  because it is so large and used in so many transactions.  it's quite stable, the real organic demand for it is quite high, the speculative value is this small percentage of tiny movements.
simply having more people or higher prices doesn't mean something is stable - we had more people in housing and higher prices than ever across the US - up until 2006 when shit started hitting the fan.  neither indicate stability or floating around a proper equilibrium value.
let's say germany left the EU and restarted the deutschmark - required to be used to pay taxes and settle debts there now.  it would be a new currency and much more volatile than the US - however it would also have a significant amount of real transactions and real demand.  by government force, certainly, nonetheless it would have real demand.  it would have greater speculation and volatility than USD but still a good deal more stable than BTC or any crypto.
crypto purely as a currency (so not things like ETH) is just like a new country coming out and issuing a new currency.  although in this case there is no force, no government that creates a base of relatively stable real demand.  it's just people who choose to use it or not.  but if they just "buy" it to "invest" in it, they are just speculative HODLers.  they are like the guys trading currencies on forex, although a much less sophisticated version of it.  if *everyone* did this, the currency wouldn't be great and trustworthy as a store of value - it would be a super volatile gamble.  and as 'new gold' this is *absolutely not* how 'old' gold got into and played a role in the historic or current monetary system.  note the forex traders also are buying AND SELLING currency constantly as well - they are not HODLers, so even their speculation contributes much more to the stability of forex traded currencies.
BTC, or any crypto, will only lose volatility and gain stability as the majority of participants goes from speculative HODLers to people who actually transact and use it *as money* - and *as money* one of its features is that it will be a store of value.
currently however, it looks like we've been trending away from this.  FOMO has attracted new speculators, with many of the people before them, and certainly the new speculators, being primarily interested in just that.  HODL until lambo.  lambo never comes unless HODLers escape at the right time of a speculative bubble, or unless actual organic real use of crypto results in its value actually rising to a lambo level.  which it doesn't by my nail salon friend buying some, or my car buddy buying some looking at it as a lotto ticket.
merchants are often on slim profit margins as is - of course they are going to escape the volatility and risk of crypto into fiat if they can't trust crypto to be more stable.  my nail salon HODL friend is not going to help that goal at all though, she's just a speculator contributing to the volatility.  these players thus harm merchant adoption.
@_date: 2018-04-11 07:47:42
i've been interested in economics and currency since 2007 and like the idea of a competing gold-like cryptocurrency.  this is how someone educated and interested in currency and economics sounds.  it is very different than the people who HODL bitcoin and have no fuck or care about how currency or economics work.  judging by your response, that's how you sound.
@_date: 2018-04-08 15:34:13
regardless of his likability i can't say i disagree with him.  current BTC seems quite different than original BTC intentions and usability.  the BCH community seems interested in cryptocurrency adoption.  the BTC community seems interested primarily in HODLing.
@_date: 2018-04-29 13:26:58
np, looking for a new job now and if i get a crypto related one, i'll totally be traveling more and work to document some real uses around the world to try and look at what is going on outside of the HODL gang.
@_date: 2018-04-30 05:13:22
well me doing that is first contingent on me getting a crypto job i'm interviewing for so we'll see if i ever get there!
@_date: 2019-05-12 01:27:57
i dunno about that, bitcoin is still primarily simply driven by price speculation.  i don't know what you mean by behave correctly.  it would need to avoid massive downswings and volatility to be a store of value though.  it should also not have people buying it for the sole reason they expect it to moon to be a store of value either.  bitcoin is used to transact with more than gold - because governments have demonetized it.  now it truly does sit as just a store of value and currency of last resort.  it is part of the monetary system as insurance in central banks.  bitcoin isn't anywhere near closer to that than it was 10 years ago.  i don't find your comment about mail or fax machines analogous.  
going back to my comment on my first reply, i'd be happy to see bitcoin used in more transactions, and it is analogous to gold monetized again.  but not gold sitting around as insurance or currency of last resort as it is used today.  and i have tons of bitcoin friends who say it's stupid to use it for transactions.  and say they use it instead of gold, as digital gold, but they don't really - because the point of gold is not to make you moon and lambo, it's just to protect what you already have.
@_date: 2019-05-10 22:54:36
i live in the US and can buy as much gold as i want.  there is not much of a reason to buy digital gold, when the real deal is available.
@_date: 2019-05-11 16:16:24
i'm trying to expose the fact that the people who are supposedly seeking bitcoin to be just a store of value or just use it as a store of value aren't.  at least here in the US, as well as many other places, where you can freely buy actual gold.  which also - as a store of value - simply has the purpose of capital preservation.  meanwhile i meet people who claim they are buying bitcoin as a store of value, but expect it to moon as an investment - which has absolutely nothing to do with a store of value - which are supposed to do as they say - \[store\]\[value\] - not moon.
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:56:05
i suspect both will be around.  and i hope in 10 more years BTC will have more actual adoption as a currency, instead of being a speculative hodl til moon lambo beanie baby collectible.  unfortunately that is how many people use and shill it today.
USD only has hyperinflation risk in that every currency does, just like i have the risk of winning the lotto.  doesn't mean either is actually likely tomorrow or in 10 years.
@_date: 2019-05-12 22:27:11
businesses are centralized and you can find many that are even hundreds of years old, particularly in japan.  centralized doesn't mean unsustainable by any means.  less empire (ie. pulling back military hyperpower presence) would mean the US would likely be economically stronger, since i wouldn't have to pay for all that shit anymore.
@_date: 2019-05-12 15:23:51
1. can you buy USD anywhere?  at a real / black market rate?
2. can you buy USDT directly with bolivar?
3. what to people buy instead of crypto to try and save/protect earnings/capital?
4. do people only buy BTC to save?  what other cryptos do they buy, if any?
5. do people transact in BTC?  what other cryptos do they transact in, if any?
6. what do people do when mempool is full / fees are high?  the fees seem very prohibitive for the average venezuelan.
7. how safe is it for someone to visit venezuela right now?  guessing not very.
@_date: 2019-05-12 22:30:19
really, are you going to provide me a complete hyperbolic exaggeration of how the USD is going to tank any day now, just as people have been claiming for decades?
@_date: 2019-05-11 00:21:09
you might have a point if i was moving my gold every 15 minutes because i liked the shine over there better than over here.  but i'm not.  plus i'm not sure if you're aware of this, but gold has thousands of years as being a part of the core monetary system, and, you know, *is* gold.  i really don't need some new voluntary made up highly speculative approximation of gold if my actual use case is simply a store of value.  as noted, i can buy any quantity i want of it.
@_date: 2019-05-11 16:19:04
it's not a piece of crap when it's incredibly well established and adopted, and the new thing is not.  i don't disagree with you in regards to potential, but what % of people are using it to transact vs. % of people using it to speculate on, use as a lottery ticket, or just shill something they hold?
@_date: 2019-05-13 18:02:46
and now you understand why the cash community exists, because by now you'd already have been playing this game, for cheaper, without money tied up for future payments.
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:21:53
when it doesn't are you going to admit your theory about how economics works is wrong?  because you've probably been saying it for 10 or 20 years, or are a younger person who is saying the exact same thing as people have for 10 or 20 years, meanwhile the dollar hasn't tanked and is not likely going to, not in any terms you might imagine, ie. venezuela, zimbabwe.
people keep whining about that going to happen, meanwhile ignoring the obvious major differences on many fronts to start between usa and a venezuela or zimbabwe.  they also whine about debt alone - the one ingredient that is at least a valid point - but no country went into venezuela style hyperinflation ever by simply having a lot of debt _alone_.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:44:17


what?  gold being demonetized from its traditional role has zero to do with this.


there's more people, but the 50th percentile person 5 years ago saw bitcoin as a new currency to challenge government fiat.  the 50th percentile person today sees it as just a lottery ticket.  more people playing a lotto doesn't mean a lotto is going to become a currency.
@_date: 2019-05-12 14:47:18
wow, the top comment on a dollar related post in r/bitcoin actually makes economic sense.  i'm sure this won't last long.
@_date: 2019-05-12 22:24:56
your comments apply to someone not participating in a beanie baby bubble too.  that people made money on bitcoin proves nothing about it becoming a future currency.  which is a future i am interested in - although i don't think a future that can come about when the brunt of people in bitcoin treat and act like it is a lottery ticket.  congrats for making money, but people made money on beanies too.  it doesn't mean something is going to become a currency.