@_author: igorace
@_date: 2014-04-18 17:17:06
He was in control of butcoins that he sold to his own employees?
Where did he get a room full of such stupid people?
@_date: 2014-08-06 04:44:59
Horse shit.
So, even though you took interest in bitcoin early on before you worked for the fed, you didn't fully apply yourself in a study by the fed on bitcoin. Lie 
You want to create an image of the fed as a group of peopel who *fear* bitcoin, so you say you actually were reprimanded by representatives of the fed for your lack of effort. Lie 
Now, motivated by being yelled at instead of your apparent passion for bitcoin, you created a new model that makes bitcoin look really really "disruptive." You literally use the word  disruptive, a word commonly used to market bitcoins and the bitcoin community. Lie 
Having reviewed your new research, the fed is shocked. It's fears have been validated by your mystery wondermodel, and instead of pursuing further research, you are promptly trasnfered to a lower position for no reason, except the x-files kind of reason which is meant to create interest for bitcoin in the minds of some. Lie# 4
There's numerous other false implications. Chief of them is that bitcoin is somehow key to creating a sustainable future - what is this, whole foods? Why are you even bringing up sustainability. If they fear something, likely they will do more research. Another thing that is strange is that you use the word disruptive when it suits you, and you use the word sustainable when it suits, two meaningless buzzwords designed to take money from one person's wallet and into another's, meaning this is a marketing ploy, yet you are trying to convince us that you are a scientific numbers guy. Where are the numbers?
Can I see some evidence of this statement: "Bitcoin has fundamentally changed the spectrum of how we view and model economics."
Who is we? What was the old spectrum and what's the new one? Are you sure you know what the word spectrum means?
@_date: 2013-10-12 19:50:10
The price was back up to almost sr levels the next day, there wasn't really a post sr crash
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:52:26
Hell no. More like the Chinese market for bitcoins depended very little on Silk Road.