@_author: igorgue
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:50:07
What would I spend? Fiat? No, that's only to acquire Bitcoin (for now). I gonna spend Bitcoin cause I'm the change I want to see in the world.
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:55:09
It does matter, it says you don't believe in the technology, you believe in the speculative asset instead.
@_date: 2019-03-19 23:50:11
HODL Wallet developer here!
Thanks for using our wallet man we really appreciate it.
HODL was born out of our desire of having a Breadwallet (now BRD) without the shitcoins. And that's exactly what it is. + A few goodies:
1. We've removed all tracking code that BRD has (they claim they don't but we did remove tons of code including event tracking and blockchain tracking).
2. We have a great fee estimator that uses Bitcoin's Core smart fee estimator ([ in the background
3. We allow people to input custom fees (sats per byte)
4. We use Sats instead of Bits (who uses that thing? oh yeah BRD)
5. We are an actual open source project and respond to developers PR and users.
6. We fixed their broken "sweep private keys"
HODL Wallet is a fork of BRD basically uses the same code BRD has as a base for both. Our code has been reviewed by core developers Luke Dash Jr and Bryan Bishop, both of them gave it a thumbs up.
Our wallet is non-custodial and doens't have any dependencies that prevent it from working, it uses BIP39 for Mnemonics (12 words) and BIP32 to derive addresses, Bech32 and Legacy addresses are support it, you can, if you want create your wallet without an internet connection, it uses SPV (and that has its own privacy problems but it's secure).
I also have a Trezor and use it to store my Bitcoin I want to keep but I use HODL Wallet to store what I want to spend day to day, because nobody walks around with their Trezor and a laptop (right???).
BTW if you know anybody at BRD please ask them to review my pull requests and accept code from the community, also please make sure this code that I removed is never ever used: [ (cause it tracks location or at least is ready to do so). We respond to users concerns, and act on them.
Here's our contributions: [ (4 of them are ours, and ignored)
Don't buy shitcoins guys is bad for you.
@_date: 2017-11-22 22:44:34
Crypto is a scam you say? How about google ads promotes phishing all the time?
All popular ICOs also have an ad top hit of a phishing site.