@_author: ihavesparkypants
@_date: 2018-10-05 01:20:28
BitConnect? Is that you? 
@_date: 2018-10-05 01:50:44
Let's say, for case of argument, law enforcement did contact Binance or submit a warrant or court order. They would have submitted it to the current BTC address holder. In this case, a very public company. This address is not OPs cold wallet, it's THEIR wallet. If the funds OP claims are his, legitimately, were attained illegitimately, a case may be being built against OP. 
In the fiat world, a bank can get a call from a government and they will freeze your account immediately. Pending an investigation. 
Due to the fact that with BTC, funds can be moved in the blink of an eye, without middle men, I suspect this measure is the same. They can't seize your cold storage assets, but Binance can surely be held accountable for ill obtained assets being stored in their wallets. To a certain extent, they wouldn't want to be seen aiding and abetting, or obstructing.
That said, they may be going through loads of red tape and do not need to advise OP of their proceedings. Theoretically,  those BTC are "theirs" while in their possession. The claims may take time to be substantiated more. It may be international. OP may not be in the accusing law enforcements' jurisdiction. 
Maybe those BTC were acquired while phishing, they were mixed around and recombined and are being moved around? Maybe OP got a portion from someone who phished them, and he wasn't even aware that they were stolen. 
When I buy a bike from someone and ride off in to the sunset, the cops can stop me and keep the bike because that bike is possibly stolen. Also, I suspect if I put "my" bike in a private storage and law enforcement knew it was there they could have my storage raided and the lock changed while they investigate. 
There's more good stuff out there than bad when it comes to Binance. To stand their ground PUBLICLY while illegally holding OPs coins would be a media disaster. There's more to it.
This story has holes in it. I doubt we'll ever hear the truth. 
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:38:23
Agar.io? Is that you? 
@_date: 2019-02-01 00:13:53
I cashed out a few BTC in November. Went well, relatively. It took about 7 days for the EFT to come through to my bank. I feel sorry for everyone who wasn't as lucky.
Damned, as a Canadian, this kind of sucks. They were great while they existed, and allowed for noobs to enter the market more confidently.
RIP QCX. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 05:36:15
Let's say I went to bitaddress and generated a wallet. I transferred 1 BTC to it from localbitcoins.com. I screen grab in to photoshop, tweak, print, bag and store. 
How does one exactly hack that? Really. There's no virus to steal my funds. The generation was client side. There was no clipboard interaction to steal other than that screen grab. I'm not so sure how that would happen. 
I'd like someone to hack it right now. Like. In this thread. Walk me through how that scenario would happen. I'm very skeptical. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 14:56:43
Like I said. No virus is present. How does it happen? 
Edit: I didn't say. I should have said. Lol. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 12:20:15
Right on man! I'm just outside of Ottawa myself and my store also accepts bitcoin. 
Might as well provide people with alternative no-tax payment types.
Good job! 