@_author: ihazerange
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:47:23
I’m only 19, I still live with him, my car was recently hit, old car so I’m not going to put the money back into the car, but into bitcoin. I already have a good amount invested, and this amount would help in investing, but my car is in his name, and he doesn’t want me to invest in bitcoin because of his beliefs that it is used only for cp and drugs
@_date: 2017-10-19 06:26:08
Thank you for this
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:01:01
Thanks for your comments. Thankfully I don’t owe him any money, the car is in his name for the sake of insurance. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 07:44:57
Here is an update on what i have so far. Might need some fine tuning, let me know what you think.
Videos: 
Netflix. Banking in BItcoin
Arguement:: Bitcoin is used for Drugs and CP:
Reputtle: The Main Market place for black market drugs was the Silk Road that was hosted on the dark web. The currency used was bitcoin. 
The day that the market place was the amount of bitcoins traded and the cost of 1 bitcoin dropped for only 1 hour. After that it steadied out and continued on the same trade amount and price. Then continued to rise as more people saw that Bitcoin, while it can be anonymous, can be traced. The Silk Road did $1.2 billion worth of business within the 2 years it was operational. (11 million in circulation * average price of a bitcoin (700))$7.7 billion was spent in total over those two years in general. So during the time of the Silk Road, only 15.58 percent of bitcoin at the peak of the Silk Road was spent on drugs and other illegal subjects.  Silk Road 2.0 came up online on the 6 of November 2013, only one month later The administrators of the new site were arrested. The site was shut down. Silk Road 3.0 was then created, but shut down due to loss of funds, due to people not buying with Bitcoin.
“Investigators quietly collected every shred of data from Silk Road—from the images and text describing drug products to the Bitcoin transactions that appear in the blockchain when the deals close. Ultimately, investigators needed to tie this string of evidence to one crucial, missing piece of data: the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of the computers used by buyers or sellers.
 
The challenge is that the Bitcoin network is designed to blur the correspondence between transactions and IP addresses. All Bitcoin users are connected in a peer-to-peer network over the Internet. Data flow between their computers like gossip in a crowd, spreading quickly and redundantly until everyone has the information—with no one but the originator knowing who spoke first.” 
Argument: Bitcoin is illegal
Rebuttal:  Legal
See also: Legality of Bitcoin by U.S. jurisdiction
The U.S. Treasury classified bitcoin as a convertible decentralized virtual currency in 2013.[25] The Commodity Futures Trading Commission, CFTC, classified bitcoin as a commodity in September 2015. Per IRS, bitcoin is taxed as a property.[26]
In September 2016, a federal judge ruled that "Bitcoins are funds within the plain meaning of that term".[27]
Argument: you can only buy illegal items
Rebuttal: 
I realize I made some errors with statistics here and have edited them
