@_author: ihazalotofquestions
@_date: 2016-02-02 20:54:33
I have never heard of the concept of a coin. i will read your recommended article on my commute tomorrow and post weather i got it :)
@_date: 2016-02-04 09:02:37
The way I understand it is that the only reason the whole "from-address" discussion is blown out of proportion is SOLELY to educate people as to NOT use the same address twice.
for the initial phase of understanding bitcoin AND even as hypothetical construct for understanding transaction flow, the concept of the from-address is absolutely fine. imo
edit: added the word solely
@_date: 2016-02-03 15:58:04
"When you have money sitting in your address, what you really have is a collection of outputs which have not yet been used as inputs"
bold statement:
one could argue that in a way a bitcoin address is kind of also a wallet itself.
a wallet holds multiple addresses. addresses hold multiple coins.
/showerthoughts :)
@_date: 2016-02-03 15:06:48
that is exactly as i understood it thanks to this thread :)
the "coin" BobAlison talks about is the unspent credit from a last-sent-to address you talk about.
the big knot in my head was the coin concept. i always thought all input is mushed together in an bitcoin-address.
wow, i think i finally found the last piece missing to get rid of the last contradictions in my head about bitcoin. it all makes sense now.
thank you very much.
@_date: 2016-02-03 09:16:26
I have read the recommended link and think i got it. Just for checks, please tell me if i got it correctly.
Let's assume I have received three transactions each BTC 1,-, to the same address (which is my only address). So the balance on the address is BTC 3,-.
I now want to wire BTC 0.5 to Alice and BTC 1,- to Bob.
In my transaction to Alice I will need to send a whole "coin" previously received (which in this case is BTC 1,-) and generate BTC 0.5 change, which goes to a change address (let it be a new one in this case).
In my transaction to Bob I will generate no change and a "whole coin" is used again as input.
After above transaction there is BTC 1,- still sitting in my original address, because it was once received as an independent coin in a single transaction.
Thus solving my question how it is possible that an address still has balance in it after its private key was used to authorize a spend transaction*.
Another possibilty would be, of course, that the same address receives new balance after it spend all its coins, and the self spend.
please advise if my assumptions are correct. thank you very much.
edit: This would also explain, why there are these weird transactions where there is 50 times the same address named on the Input side. I was always asking myself why this is. why not just set it as input once. now i understand (i think).
@_date: 2016-02-03 09:20:19
like this?
a private-key-signed-transaction, whose according public key-derived-Bitcoin-address received an amount x before.