@_author: iheartennui
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:20:41
Or maybe people would have more money if the value of their productive labour wasn't stolen from them by greedy employers...
I never said I wanted the government to take people's money to help the poor. I just don't believe in trusting in individuals when they operate in a system based on competition rather than altruism. I take a lot of action based on my political convictions and I know far more people on the left that take action than I do libertarians that take action.
@_date: 2017-12-08 02:13:11
Econ 101 = econ that doesn't successfully explain anything in the real world
Seriously, it's like modeling physics while disregarding friction, turbulence, magnetic fields, or anything else that isn't easy to model. It's also like trying to use one unified theory of physics when you live in a universe where different theories work in different places at different times.
@_date: 2017-12-18 02:56:35
I dunno about you but I have a hard enough time paying all my own bills and rent and food. I definitely can't take care of even a single homeless person on top of myself. And the few dollars I could spare for a homeless person are definitely not getting them back on their feet. And they know this too, which is why it makes sense that the person who gets my money usually decides to just buy some cigarettes or a drink with it. Getting a lease in an apartment where I live costs a shit tonne and usually requires a solid history of reliable tenancy. Getting a job is even harder.
What sounds ignorant to me is the idea of a system where competition is everything. Where any dollar you don't spend the right way because you weren't informed enough or didn't have the right strategy or were just plain unlucky could be the dollar that costs your whole livelihood. And the idea that in a system like this, the people who are in constant competition with each other to survive and succeed against the brutal odds of the market, will somehow be so overcome with altruism for their fellow humans that they will all voluntarily give these dollars over to those who are struggling.
I don't need that kind of system to want to help others. I would be perfectly happy with a system where part of what I produce goes to people who really need it and couldn't produce it themselves for one reason or another. I don't even care what that reason is. But all we have now is a system that takes part of what I produce and usually gives it to someone who doesn't need it. And if libertarians had their way, it would be the very same but worse.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:45:43
Yep, he's kind of a nazi so his blessing doesn't count for much to me
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:48:45
Well, there are restaurants that charge tens of thousands for a meal, so that's still kind of a bullshit amount of money
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:58:35
That's completely overlooking the West's part in all this. USA wanted to build a strong market to sell their products to in Europe, hence the massive Marshall plan investment. In early 20th century, socialism was very popular in Europe, independently of Russia. After WWII, a federation of socialist states took hold in most of Eastern Europe and threatened US market dominance and potential for profit in the region, since they obviously rejected capitalist markets.
The people in these countries asked to be socialist, they had been advocating for it for decades. But wealthy US interests couldn't stand for it and did everything they could to starve the socialist states of resources and help them crumble. The communist party did some fucked up shit too but I believe they would not have had to were it not for western interference.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:04:12
Pensions, social housing, nationalised healthcare, trade unionism etc were all adopted in the west thanks to the "filthy commies" that existed here. They were hated by the governments, sometimes hunted down and even murdered by them (look up McCarthyism). They had ideological and sometimes financial support from the USSR so we can partly thank them.
USSR was forced to take the actions it did, which eventually led to its downfall. They were forced by crippling trade embargoes from the west, proxy wars over resources, and internal interference from western spies that tried to sabotage everything.
It was a massively unfair match and we played dirty. They played dirty in return and did admirably well for themselves. But now they've crumbled into the worst kind of capitalism possible and everyone there is far worse off, save for the handful of oligarchs in Putin's good favour.
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:53:45
[Milhouse is now a bitcoin meme](
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:56:19
The difference is that when the Zucc, or someone rich like him, gives money to some programme, he's making the decision for the allocation of all those resources all by himself. When a government allocates resources to some programme, then - in principle - it's done with some kind of distributed consensus, where a lot of people need to agree and those people are somewhat beholden to the general population.
Now I'm not a fan of how governments work either. I believe their power is far too concentrated and thus the allocation of resources which they control is very unfair. But I think it's certainly fairer than a few mega rich dudes having that power. I'd prefer if governance of people occured in a massively decentralised way, where something closer to true consensus could be achieved. If they could build a blockchain for decentralised decision-making, that would get us far closer to a free society. Bitcoin lets us make transactions without banks but we are still left with an unfair control of most property by a tiny minority and a government that protects their control over it and does their bidding.
@_date: 2017-08-31 04:56:48
The means of production have never been seized through currency control... Revolutions have nothing to do with currency, nor do economic systems in general. There have been currencies pretty much since civilisation began and capitalism has only existed for a couple hundred years.
I assume you think socialism needs a centralised currency because you think socialism is all about big government with more bureaucracy and control over the economy. However, there are [libertarian forms of socialism]( (the original use of the term "libertarian" actually applied to this) that advocate for decentralisation too. I don't see any inherent incompatibility between socialist ideas and crypto currency.
No matter what currency you use, it is only useful for exchange if you have a society that in some way acknowledges your relationship to the goods/services that are being exchanged. It's the structure of this relationship between the individual and the "means of production" that can be socialist or capitalist or feudal or whatever else.
@_date: 2017-08-31 17:13:31
People have discussed this in great detail in the past and their are obviously different views. But in general, no one would ever take your skateboard from you. It doesn't qualify as "private property" but is actually "personal property" instead. So is a house, a car, a toothbrush, etc. Private property is usually defined as something that can be used as "the means of production" - so you can use it to produce goods or otherwise create a value from which one would be able to profit in a capitalist society. So land, factories, or entire apartment buildings. Socialists think these things should not be privately owned but collectively owned and managed so that everyone can have fair access to it which doesn't come with conditions of coercion - paying exorbitant rent or working many hours for low wages. For an interesting implementation of one of these alternatives, you could read about the Kurdish society in Rojava, which operates in a system of ["Democratic Confederalism"](
The incentive structure is a trickier issue. The usual answer to this is that, in Marxism, "human nature" is not a universal given. It is malleable and in particular is determined by the "material conditions" of society. So if society is structured such that you have to screw over your coworkers/friends/grandma to get ahead, then many people will do this. That's why children would snitch on their parents and get them sent to labour camps in totalitarian societies. That's why today people are homeless/starving while there are empty houses and tonnes of food being thrown out. But we know there are examples of societies were people are far more co-operative and there are even many facets of our own society where people co-operate and help each other rather than screw each other over. When people are not co-operating, you can usually follow the trail to find someone in an illegitimate position of power benefiting from exploitation.
Figuring out how to get from a society with capitalist incentive structures to one where more co-operative behaviour is encouraged is a tough problem and people have been working on it for a long time, to varying degrees of success. We still have a lot of work to do but we know gains can be made so rather than writing it off as impossible because of "human nature" and economic incentives, we could try different approaches collectively and see what works better for us. Like how people in Rojava, or plenty other places are doing now and have done forever.
@_date: 2017-08-31 15:58:22
true, there are plenty socialists who do not advocate for a planned economy
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:41:19
Impressive to be so unwilling to acknowledge a wealth of historical facts that don't support your ideology
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:44:06
Fuck yeah Graeber and his book Debt. I was reading this convo and thinking about pointing out how currency was invented to feed armies, as he explains in the book. But it seems you mostly did my work for me :)
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:53:05
He saw a bunch of way worse stuff perpetrated by capitalists.... who, incidentally, can also take more of the blame for what's going on in Venezuela than socialists can
@_date: 2017-08-31 04:45:38


Try again. How do you think the famines in Ireland, India, and many other former colonies were caused? [Or even in the USA](


Probably more like CIA involvement in the country's politics. This has basically been admitted and has plenty of precedence anyway in Chile, Panama, Nicaragua, etc.
@_date: 2017-08-31 05:05:01
Well. I tried. Good luck with your illogical ideology that worships a demonstrably unstable system which can only lead to hyper-centralised power.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:54:53
To piggyback on what said, Graeber (author of Debt) shows that in the archaeological record of the earliest civilisations, it seems pretty clear that currency was invented to feed armies. So they do indeed "march on their stomach" but how were governments able to fill the stomach? They would mint coins and distribute them to the soldiers. The government would then demand taxes from the citizens (which they had already been doing previously in the form of grain for grain stores held by temples - probably initially started off as tributes to their gods) and accept them in the form of the same coins. So now the soldiers could buy goods from the citizens with coins which they could then in turn use to pay taxes. And a money economy was born.
So that's how money became powerful - it was widely adopted due to being a useful abstraction. But the real power was still in the coercion of the government in collecting taxes. Nowadays, coercion is even more widespread and deeply rooted. Governments do it, but also large corporations or wealthy landlords etc. Currency plays a bigger role in the highly connected economy but the fact of our lack of power in being coerced comes from our enabling of the power structures in place. If we collectively reject the claim to authority that our governments or anyone else makes, then we can live under a fairer system. Perhaps a new currency is a useful tool in building that new system but it's only one part of it.
@_date: 2017-08-31 17:19:39
Dude, you came so close to getting it when you posted [here]( You should really try reading Proudhon, or some other more Marxist-leaning views on property.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:35:40
Yeah, it's called "freedom of association" by anarchists - something similar to their version of the NAP. Basically, a social system should not coerce anyone to act in any kind of way. So today, we are all coerced into paying taxes, paying rent, being citizens of one country or the other.
So if you have a revolutionary military with a centralised hierarchy of power, everyone participating has freely decided to be a part of it, knowing that they need to follow the chain of command of that power hierarchy.
Anarchism goes deeper than libertarianism or "anarcho-capitalism" in that it sees private property as a form of coercion. If someone or some group of people lay claim to the entirety of some natural resource that everyone needs to live - e.g. water, land, housing - and use violence to coerce others into paying rent or labour to get access to the resource (like how the police are used to force us to pay rent or taxes in modern society), then that group has taken illegitimate centralised power in society. Unless, everyone were to agree to that setup, which is unlikely (though many Americans are somehow okay with their shitty deal! Who knows why? Propaganda is a helluva drug...)
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:08:03
Yep, nothing says mentally deranged like pointing out historical facts from well-established academic literature
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:02:39
Amazing. An ad hominem response. Didn't see that one coming. I'm sure everyone will think your view is superior now. 
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:25:37
economic violence can be a lot more harmful than physical violence
@_date: 2017-08-31 15:08:01
There's a lot to explain here. I'm sure you're uninterested but I can give it a shot.
Any time socialism is attempted, there is a backlash from what is usually a larger and more powerful coalition of anti-socialists - be they capitalists, fascists, imperialists, whatever. So there are good reasons why socialism has had a hard time being successful. If the Americans and Europeans didn't spend so much effort trying to sabotage Russia, China, Vietnam, etc. (not that those are my ideal versions of socialism) we would have likely seen them do much better. Anarchist (the socialist one) Spain was also crushed by Franco with the help of Hitler and Mussolini.
Yet, despite the more advanced and wealthier opponents to socialism (Russia and China for example were coming out of a feudalist peasant society into socialism and were challenged by the military might of the West), socialist projects still made incredible progress. None of the big ones were ever beaten in war. Even Vietnam still ended up victorious after the Americans threw buckets of money on the war. And they all brought massive improvements to the lives of their people in very short times. Look at how fast China has built a gigantic middle class. Look at how Cuba, despite very strict embargos enforced by USA and their cronies, has managed to provide free healthcare to all of its citizens and even exports free doctors to citizens elsewhere (including to poor neighbourhoods of the USA!!!), along with lots of technological advances to make do with their tiny amount of resources available to them on their isolated island.
This is not to mention the benefits that we all (in capitalist Western countries) get from the socialist projects that were built at home. Union struggle 100 years ago secured safe workplace standards, insurance, childcare, free school, weekends, overtime, paid holidays, maternity leave, and pretty much anything that makes our lives look different to the child labourers in the sweatshops in Bangladesh or the mines in Congo. Social democracies in Europe that provide free healthcare, education, transport, etc. were all born out of socialist organising in early 20th century Europe.
It's the lazy view of history which we are usually told that neglects all of these facts. All part of capitalist propaganda of course.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:28:12
100 years ago, socialism actually made a lot of poor people better off. It just makes the few rich people that existed in the previous society poorer, like the Tzar and his aristocracy.
@_date: 2017-11-18 17:23:00


Citation needed. I believe it would boil at body temperature, so probably not a great idea.
It's also a greenhouse gas so it's not completely unsafe.
@_date: 2017-11-08 02:45:39
does this mean it will be possible to trade one of the forked chain currencies for the other on the exchange after Nov 16?
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:58:49
Foreign currency is $5 trillion per day. Bitcoin volume is about a billion USD per day right now. At ~0.1% of global foreign currency exchange volume, that's gotta be comparable to and even greater than the volume of a lot of other currencies - easily the majority of them.
@_date: 2017-11-18 17:00:37
People who want a reliable place to keep their fiat should go to credit unions. They keep the money in your community, and the profits made from lending go to the members as interest. Members often also have democratic control of who runs the credit union. It takes power away from big finance and brings it back to the people who matter more - the ones you have to live with and interact with day to day.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:49:34
Plenty of people out there that work very hard and persistently and yet they are still dirt poor. Basically most people that work hard are not successful. And most of the richest people do not work very hard. It is very obviously not a fair system in that respect. If you believe hard work is all it takes to do well, then you have obviously grown up in an environment where you were protected from the worst effects of capitalism (this is what people call privilege) and can't relate to the experience of people in systemic poverty.
@_date: 2017-09-01 21:11:12


This is not true. I've pointed out in other comments here how capitalist societies have brutally crushed any attempts at communism. Under capitalism, you are very much forced to live according to a specific system, and it is under penalty of death by cop/starvation/lack of healthcare etc.
As to the point about doctors. Many people who want to be doctors say they are interested in being able to help others and that's why they want to be doctors. Many jobs are done out of love/interest in the work. You could conceive of a way of organising the community or society's labour such that everyone is doing a bit of what they want to do in service of the community, and everyone is doing a bit of what needs to be done (but which no one is thrilled about doing). As long as everyone is having their needs met and contributing to the basics (like garbage collection and other maintenance say), they could do what they're interested in and share the fruit of their labours in an agreed upon way. Elsewhere in this thread, I've linked to [this modern attempt]( at a society that could look differently and more fair - by which I mean, a society where power is more decentralised and more people are enfranchised in the decisions of how their working and social lives are shaped.
@_date: 2017-09-03 01:50:07
I linked a short article, not a book. I've seen plenty of Friedman's stuff, it's not like he's on the fringe.
As I said, you are thinking inside of a very restricted framework. There can be an economy without money or pricing.
@_date: 2017-09-03 00:31:00
I disagree. You clearly didn't read what I linked. They don't even have taxes in most of Rojava, though they are considering it in one region now. But everything is voluntary, they don't have an official police so they can't take taxes by force.
You are thinking in a very rigid framework based on what exists now. There are a lot more ways in which things could work.
@_date: 2017-09-02 03:34:41
I never said anything about forcing. I said the opposite - that people under capitalism are forced to do things and that a theoretical communist society allows people to do what they want. You're just hearing your own idea of what my views are in my words.
You could lounge, play, and eat. But you wouldn't, most people wouldn't. And there could be a culture of encouraging people to do things for their community (rather than just to enrich themselves) and shaming people who are free-riders.
If you really want to understand my perspective, read what I've said and what I've linked. But you'd rather just assume I'm a sensitive snowflake that's afraid of everything in the world oppressing me, which is something you've read somewhere else that reinforces your own views.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:52:58
Poverty and famine has killed more people than war
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:16:11




Well right now it is definitely not you or me and it usually isn't even the market. Most goods are produced via highly complex and global networks but there are many important points on the chain that have a lot of manipulation. Fossil fuels and agriculture get crazy subsidies from the government due to corrupt relationships. Labour and resources in the third world are also crazy cheap due to former colonialism and sovereign debt issues that the West continues to capitalise on. Things would look very different if you had true free market economics (probably not even possible) and they would still not look good.
I don't think someone who is drowning, bleeding out, starving, etc. should be forced to pay money they don't have (due to e.g. price gouging) in order to be saved, and I think most people would agree that this is morally wrong.


History is written by the victors. There is a lot of bias in history books. If you want a story of how centrally controlled models can successfully provide food, just look at the USA. (Side note: socialism does not necessarily require centralised production, there are also decentralised forms of socialism.) Most major industries are so centralised nowadays that the majority of production is controlled by quite a small number of people. They have basically created a situation not too unlike the soviet bureaucracy. The difference is that the people at the centralised positions in these industries profit far more from this system than socialist governments did. Look at Walmart - they have driven out small businesses in many areas in the US and now provide a bulk of the jobs and goods to many communities. Thanks to government subsidised labour (their workers are usually on food stamps) and other resources, they make massive profits off of the people they employ and serve.
Capitalism is far from the most comfortable solution to our imperfect world. We are led to believe that we live in times of scarcity and only those who work hard will earn enough to get what they need. But that scarcity is largely artificial. Tonnes of food is thrown out all the time, millions of homes are unoccupied, and small numbers of people sit on gigantic piles of wealth. Yet many people haven't enough to eat, many people are homeless, and most people are comparatively poor.
The reason attempts at different societies fail is because most people are convinced that capitalism is the only solution we have and that opposing ideas are somehow evil and threatening. They are threatening to capitalism and that's why capitalist supporters fear it and also spend a lot of resources on trying to get rid of them - Cold war, Korea, Vietnam, Chile, Panama, Nicaragua, etc. not to mention union-busting - powerful people in the West have spent a lot of resources to destroy socialist projects that threaten their wealth and power. This is the main reason socialist efforts have had such a hard time succeeding. It's not because of some inherent contradictions in socialism. As Marx explained, there are far less contradictions in socialism than in capitalism.
@_date: 2017-09-01 21:08:49
Anything that's a few notches above [this](
@_date: 2017-09-03 05:38:56
Not really, you're navigating that economy all the time. Whenever you do things around your household or with your friends, you don't charge them for everything (after calculating the correct price), do you?