@_author: ihegio
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:20:47
 &gt; I think there is not rational or favorable argument, from the peoples perspective or the "citizens" of the world, to suggest that we should be tending to the businesses that may have bought into a system for characterises that the system did not actually have, or would not have in the future. Some businesses made good decisions, and some businesses made bad decisions. With not reason to favor the bad decisions, there is no reason to favour the blocksize debate outcome that supports them.


What dude?  Bitcoin never was supposed to have the characterization of a payment P2P system?  That is exactly what Bitcoin is supposed to be, did you read the white paper?
Isn't adding a tool that allows economic policy making by controlling blocksize the thing that is anti-capitalist?  I think the market should decide blocksize and not some corrupted or ignorant devs who think they understand economics.
These small blockists are really statists at heart. Just look at the censorship, if they see something is a problem to them they want to fix it or add censorship.  They can't accept that life is imperfect.  Every little imperfection results in more policy decisions to fix it, which in fact only make it worse. Look at this sub now, no voting?  sorted by controversial?  Coinbase banned? I wouldn't be surprised if this thread is banned and locked up.  I am not even allowed to post here, this post will likely be censored, and its awaiting approval from mods since I am a new account.  That is how things work here.
Then look at the other sub, people complained there, because it was not perfect there either.  The statists argued for censorship there too.  But they have stayed free enough there and its growing and more successful that this sub now.  That shows you how a free market is better than some controlled thing like this sub and Bitcoin Core is becoming.  Lets have no blocksize limit and let the market decide, instead of using it for some centrally controlled economy which is more akin to communism than capitalism.
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:10:01
Aren't you a buttcoiner?  You are misleading everyone.  Its technically true the average blocksize was never above 1MB, however you left out that Bitcoin had no limit for a long time and the max limit was added later to prevent spam.  At the time it was added Satoshi said it would later be increased as the network grew.
Moving away from Satoshi's vision and leaving the blocksize at 1MB is against Bitcoin's original design.  The whole point of Bitcoin is the invisible hand does it all, we don't need economic planners.  Now the Core devs are using blocksize as an economic policy tool, which sets the precedent for further manipulations and usurpations of Bitcoin in the future.  It is very dangerous.