@_author: ih-shah-may-ehl
@_date: 2017-08-15 17:15:52
Well, I was skeptical as everyone would be. But I had a couple of hundred $ in crypto and decided to give it a try. Worst case, I'd lose a couple hundreds.
That was about 6 or 7 weeks ago. I convert my daily earnings to bitcoin, and withdraw them every week. So far I have made back half of what I put in, in USD. Given that I convert everything to bitcoin, and with the rise of bitcoin, I suspect I am actually closer to 2/3 of having my money back.
So if they stay in business for another month or 2, I will be making actual real profit. 
Now, the thing with bitconnect is this: you have to convert to and from bitcoin via BCC. And that is their protection against withdrawal. If they would give you back actual US on an acount, or actual bitcoin, then people quitting en mas (because for example they simply close up show and give you your money back) would cost them a fortune.
But you have to go via BCC. This means that if they close up shop, they can say 'here is your USD'. You then have to convert it to BCC at expensive prices because everybody is going to want to buy BCC. Then, you have to convert your BCC to bitcoin. And that price will have sunk to zero-ish. Because nobody is going to want to buy BCC for bitcoin.
So they sidestep the problem by using BCC, which means they can give you your money back 'on paper' but by the time you get to bitcoin, you'll have nothing.
As long as the USD - BCC - BTC rates are moving in lockstep (as they are now) everything is good though. So if they keep it up for just a bit mroe, I'm good.
And as to them being a scam or not: with the current volatility in the crypto market, I do believe it is possible to make a trading bot that can skim a couple percent every day. Especially if you can control enough money that you can play the market with buy and sell walls.
@_date: 2017-08-24 08:17:10
You are right to a point, BUT many of those coins get used for a pump and dump at regular times. If you set sell orders in advance, then you can hold off on selling them now and gamble that at least some of them will wash out even during a pump and dump. Hardly sound investment practice, but in this case with bags of shitcoin, better than selling at market value imo.
@_date: 2017-11-09 07:53:26
It has worked out well enough. My initial investment is still tied up, but I've withdrawn more money than I put in. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 12:01:20
I think that would depend on my position in life at that particular moment. If I was young, not having a wife and kids, sure. Otoh in my current situation, with wife and kids, I would probably not. Not with saving money.
Then again, if I had a big win in crypto trading, I might do it, using part of those earnings. 