@_author: iiaopsw
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:19:27
tl;dr when even ~~the shoe shine boy~~ your Uber driver is giving you ~~stock~~ bitcoin advice, its time to get out.
@_date: 2017-08-16 06:06:18
Oh come now give Buffet some credit.  
1) Bitcoin transactions *are* a lot like a paper check. To spend it I send out a message stating my account, the receiver account, the amount, and my (digital) signature. The standard introductory videos to bitcoin all explain the double spend problem by comparing to the traditional case of trying to write 2 checks with a sum more than your balance. 
2) Buffet has explicitly stated in the past that he doesn't do tech investment. He's actually been very humble about this. He hasn't denigrated tech investments at all. IIRC he said something to the effect of "It doesn't bother me that other people get rich. I've probably missed many opportunities in tech because I don't understand it. I've also probably missed many opportunities in coffee beans because I don't understand that either. I'm going to keep playing the game I'm good at [recognizing good management] and let other people be experts in their field". Before the dot com crash he allegedly said something to the effect of "I don't see the value of these internet companies". This quote is constantly twisted to portray him as a smug Luddite. What he was really saying is "I don't jump on bandwagons I don't understand, even if I stand to gain a trillion dollars". Frankly its advice that certain people here could use.  
@_date: 2017-09-08 01:18:22
thank you. i get so tired of the mindless populism around here. 
@_date: 2017-07-03 07:13:46
pardon my ignorance but how? Suppose I'm a miner and I flood the mem-pool to up the tx fees. If I successfully mine I get to pay those fees to myself + collect the inflated prices on legit transactions. If someone else mines the block then I get to pay a bunch of fees to some other guy. More often than not someone else mines the block. How is it possible to make a profit as a miner by flooding the mem-pool with pointless tx? 
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:25:29
Look to China to see your future.  
VPN bans are livable because people who need the real internet (businesses, academics, people with foreign friends) can easily get it as a technical matter. Those types of people were never going to be fervent nationalist anyway so there is no point in trying to go after them. The other 90% of Russians will find the ban super effective because the technical barriers are high enough and the interest in non-Russian websites are low enough that they won't bother. They may even like the ban. It keeps out "subversive American propaganda" and "protects local startups from competition like Google". Don't count on technology to solve problems of civil liberties. It doesn't have to be effective against everyone, just the non-technical population at large.   
Come February 1st China is promising to stamp out VPN use entirely. Let's see how it goes
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:34:41
no. Morgan Freeman as the unseen voice of Satoshi. 
@_date: 2017-06-28 14:25:56
I have to do a visa run. I'm currently taking a train through China. If you posted this a few days before I would have said fuck-it to my train trip and flown my ass to Korea.  
FUUUUUUUUuuuu