@_author: iizpyrate
@_date: 2013-11-20 10:58:20
The thing with the FAQ is it glosses over the major problems and many hardcore Bitcoin fans do the same. 
By its nature and design Bitcoins are deflationary, which for a currency is not a good thing (why would you trade them if they are going to be more valuable in the future). 
Due to the relative small market is is prone to manipulation. Volatility is linked to this. Positive press coverage increases activity, which results in a significant increase in value in a short period of time. It is very prone to pump and dump strategies. 
OP is raising concerns with Bitcoin as a currency. From a modern economic point of view Bitcoin will never work as a currency outside of a niche. As OP states, stability is a key for currency and a decentralized currency, by design, cannot offer the stability of a centralized currency (to argue otherwise is an insult to the fundamentals of economics). 
Bitcoins can be successful as a commodity, that is what it is after all. As a currency though they are highly flawed. From an economic perspective they are no different from previous decentralized currencies, which were phased out in favour of more stable centralized currency.
To pretend that Bitcoins are not susceptible to everything previous decentralized currencies were prone to is not going to do anyone any good. 
The only argument for Bitcoins as a currency is ideological. Economically centralized currencies win hands down. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 12:18:13
Why would you want to use currency? Because it is easier than trying to buy a loaf of bread with trinkets you made. 
Currency is just an extension of the barter system that allows complex transaction chains. Instead of having to sell some apples for a shirt, which you trade for some raw hides, which you trade for some sugar, which you finally trade for whatever it is you wanted in the first place you just use money so you can skip a day in the market trading to get what you want. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:50:11
I find it hard to believe you are an economics graduate, deflation for currency is quite bad and graduating when you think it is good means you got ripped off in your education. 
For holding wealth, investment etc, it is good, but for currency, which is what bitcoin is suppose to be, it is bad. 
This is not something that is contested in economics, it is common sense. Currency is suppose to be used as a means of exchange, if it is deflationary it is no longer in your best interest to exchange it since its value will be higher later. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 12:11:33
It is not suppose to be an ideal store of value, just a viable option. This is why low levels of inflation are seen as ideal, it provides a balance. The inflation encourages it to be exchanged since it is losing value, while it is at a low enough level that saving it is not the end of the world. 
The primary function of currency is exchange though, which is why deflation is a negative. As soon as something is deflationary there is less incentive to exchange it. Less transactions means a slow down in the economy. 