@_author: ijjwkkwkwkwkokokok
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:34:02
That seems partly correct, but also too simplistic. It also points to a problem with the currency, having to do with the 'gold standard.'
Consider gold (or gold-indexed money). When the adoption of gold as a payment method increased, demand for gold went up. So the price increased. But this also resulted in gold-mining becoming more profitable, so more people started digging and supply went up. This counter-acts the first effect.
I don't know the details of bitcoin generation. But if it is indeed fixed (independent of how much mining occurs), then--in a sense--it is even more fixed than gold was. It is even more a 'gold standard' money than actual gold.
There was a good reason for why countries switched to fiat money. Fiat money just does a better job of performing the various tasks that we want money to perform in our society. It allows banks to manipulate the amount in circulation, making for stable values. It has several other advantages as well. 
The situation with bitcoin is even weirder, because it is merely one among many currencies. With every transaction, buyer and seller have the option of using bitcoin, but they also can use a different currency (a fiat currency, for instance). (When gold or gold-backed money was used to pay, this wasn't the case. It was the only game in town, and users could not simply switch to a different type of currency.)
Now, suppose, hypothetically, that the bitcoin adoption rate increases dramatically, resulting in rising bitcoin values. Now, suppose I am a SELLER. The bitcoin price on my items will go DOWN (because one bitcoin will be worth more). Why would I sell my item in bitcoin? That would be a bad deal in the short run. I would rather use a fiat money, which at least guarantees me that I receive what my item was worth.
This effect will counter-act the rising adoption rate, pushing it back down.
@_date: 2015-04-09 10:07:18
'lost its heart'? Nice English
@_date: 2015-04-09 09:36:29
Please explain this inference "I think Bitcoin has a bright future, therefore I want to accumulate Bitcoin." I don't understand. 
What does the adoption rate of Bitcoin have to do with the relative value of Bitcoin in relation to other currencies? Success doesn't equal "One Bitcoin is worth tons." 