@_author: ijustmadethisup28
@_date: 2017-03-13 07:49:16
I agree. This degree of hostility and brinkmanship is extremely unnerving to me, and I suspect many others in the bitcoin ecosystem. I wish everybody could just compromise and increase the block-size to 2MB along with segwit (yes, I know segwit is also a block size increase), because I believe the miners fear that if segwit gets pushed through, the core developers will never allow another blocksize increase (a fair fear in my opinion since some developers have said that they think the blocksize should be even smaller than it is now). A modest blocksize increase to 2MB would demonstrate some goodwill, and likely assuage much of the tensions. 
Unfortunately, the anger on both sides has escalated and I don't see how either side can reconcile now. As a result, I know many bitcoin owners who have sold a significant portion of their bitcoin to exchange for ethereum or cash, as an insurance in case everything falls off the rails (which might explain the surge in ETH over the past few days). I've continued to hold onto my BTC, but I (along with many other users) will likely also diversify my risk if both sides continue to engage in this brinkmanship. This infighting has not only set us all back, but has also made me pessimistic that Bitcoin will remain stale, since the community has broken down and will not accept compromise for any future beneficial changes.
@_date: 2017-03-17 19:33:15
Just to clarify, if the hard fork happens and Bitcoin Unlimited does not implement replay protection, we can still exchange our BTU for BTC and vice versa, even if the exchanges do not list BTU, right?
@_date: 2017-03-16 05:38:48
The problem with these posts is that it eventually argues, "A hard fork would be disastrous (true), so lets just do everything my way so we can move forward." The anger has already escalated on both sides so I'm skeptical that we will be able to reach consensus anytime soon, but if it were to be reached, I imagine there would need to be compromise on Core's side as well (1-2 MB block size increase, for instance). Otherwise, the hatred and insults will continue, until one side gets so sick of the other and just forks, either through UASF or Bitcoin Unlimited.