@_author: ikmoikmo
@_date: 2016-08-05 10:37:44
just do it already
@_date: 2015-06-11 22:20:53
They have an open API which is transparent, it doesn't just tell prices, it tells you exactly their assets. They're one of the first guys to have such transparency, check the website. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:07:47
I sort of agree, but sort of don't. Torrent is a peer to peer protocol, there's no company behind it, so it can't really be shut down.
What it would however likely do is invite lots of scrutiny. It's not that hard for companies to see if an ip address is torrenting, it's actually theft in broad daylight only there's not a ton of recourse. (IPs do not mean theft by definition, and it's not bad enough to raid someone's home and PC over it to look for evidence. So cases are rare). But if commercial piracy takes off en masse, governments will very likely appease these companies and allow the courts to clamp down on them.
So yeah I'm not sure what to think of it. Right now it feels like piracy is in this interesting middle-ground: rich adults tend to pay, while kids who can't afford to go to jurassic park or just want to dance to an already multi-millionaire's music can download the movie / album for free. I don't think there has ever been a time where the world has pumped out as much creativity as today, despite piracy never having been bigger. But once you make piracy commercial, this balance might change.
Of course you can think of enough legitimate torrenting for money, but that's pretty limited given you can cheaply host legitimate files on amazon or w/e and pay them much less than 5c per download. It doesn't really solve a big problem for legitimate file hosting for which alternatives already exist.
In any case I love the idea and generally am supportive of it, just a bit cautious about potential ramifications longer term if it'd ever take off.
@_date: 2015-06-19 04:57:26
Thanks for your contribution, but a simple downvote will do next time, unless you actually have an argument to make.
Your post is a shitty post, I don't have much more to say about it than that.
@_date: 2015-06-18 18:44:21
Greece certainly has responsibilities, nobody would argue that, but it's not one-sided. Greece got fucked over by European banks, too. There is shared blame here.
Beyond that, imagine you live in an apartment building where 50 people live and one sets it on fire. Do you say 'fuck them' because 1 of them messed up? 
Yes, some Greek people have responsibility. But there's also an entire generation of young people, now, from babies to 25 years olds, who worked hard at school, and live in a country that's going to shit because some 60 year old bankers and politicians were corrupt during the 70s and 80s before they were born, and the past 20 years when they were kids and couldn't even vote.
Go to Greece and spend a few years living there and ask yourself if the austerity measures they get forced down their throats are fair. Most Greek people will say no, and many of them are no more guilty than the average German or French. 
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:08:05
Yes, but it said became, not 'is'. Back when Bitpay got funding it may have been the biggest, around that time both Coinbase and Blockchain.info did similar numbers (±30m range) but I can't remember which came first. And then Circle also did a similar but somewhat lower number around 25 iirc.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:09:21
Again, it's obscure stuff. But if your cinematic interests are limited to Netflix then great for you.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:20:07
Maybe you're not aware that Greece is facing a humanitarian crisis and that its government has been tremendously popular over the past few months (although it has taken a hit since then).
Normally I would agree but Greece is facing exceptional circumstances and tremendous, tremendous foreign pressure from not only mighty Europe (with Germany leading the charge) which is the world's biggest economy, but now also the USA because if Greece fails and steps out of the EU, then the EU might fail too with Spain being next, which affects the NATO, and Greece would pivot towards Russia, and give access of its coveted harbor to China or Russia, both of which not just the EU but also the US wants to prevent.
If the Greek government was doing this for fun, or greed, sure criticise it. But Greece is negotiating to protect pension funds of old people from being cut hard and going to repay debts to the EU. It's negotiating to protect government funds from being cut, which currently go to health care, education, jobs programmes etc. Austerity is crushing the Greek people, which is why this government who resists it is so popular, and why Greece is doing everything it can to squeeze out enough money to pay its interest while negotiating a better deal for the Greek people, while balancing on the verge of collapse, and hinting at pivoting relations with Russia. And to do that, it's imperative that you don't have a tiny bunch of rich ass Greeks who take all their money and leave the country to protect themselves, collapsing banks and screwing over everyone in Greece who have no other option but to pass incredibly harsh austerity measures for the next decade or face total collapse.
Is it an ideal solution? Perhaps not, I wouldn't argue that necessarily. But to call this move absurd or unacceptable is myopic, Greece is facing extraordinary circumstances, even an existential crisis and however paradoxical it may sound to you, it's probably in the best interests of Greek people right now. No guns are being fired but make no mistake, they're in a financial war right now.
@_date: 2015-06-18 23:48:51
Always too horny to care ;)
@_date: 2015-06-28 01:41:27
Of course it can't happen... just like governments couldn't handle things like marriage, passports, taxes etc digitally and digitally only a few years into the internet.
It may happen someday (although I doubt it), but I'll put one trillion billion gazillion on it not happening anytime the next few years.
But that doesn't mean Greece can't have an effect on the price. If the Drachma comes back, we know it'll devaluate to hell, meaning getting your hands on any foreign currency is a sound investment (which makes the drachma devaluate even faster). And seeing as banks will clamp down on just getting a foreign-currency account and exchanging everything for e.g. dollars or euros, bitcoin is potentially one of those subversive ways to escape hyperinflation risk. It's just another market where maybe a few thousand or a few tens of thousands of people might move tens of thousands into bitcoin on average (a whole bunch a thousand, a handful a million), and that leads to millions of buying power. That's the idea, not 11 million greeks switching to bitcoin, but rather 0.1% which is still 11k people who might move an average of 5k for $50m extra buying pressure. Knowing this might happen, the rest of the world might anticipate a price increase, and buy, too. That's what people consider the best case scenario in the short term, nothing more.
@_date: 2015-06-16 14:00:20
I literally have 10 obscure torrents going right now at a combined 10kb/s which might finish in a few weeks if the single seeders have a full copy, while I downloaded 5 gigs of GoT yesterday while taking a shower. Tons of content is rare. I'd happily pay a few bucks.
@_date: 2015-06-12 03:21:30
If you happen to live in Kenya and don't like your shilling inflation, go to Bitpesa, buy coin, move to bitreserve, hold money in dollars/euro, profit. Only thing you need is a phone with mpesa. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:13:49


It's funny all these libertarians championing individuals' rights: 'Oh no, all these millionaires who can pay for their livelihood, vacation, to run their businesses etc is not enough. They must have the ability to withdraw $15m at any moment in time and flee the country, even if it collapses the economy. The alternative which is to limit their withdrawal to say only $3m, and let them withdraw the rest 2 years later (the money is still there, never taken) when the situation has normalised a bit more (it's a crisis moment right now), that is total theft '.
But these same libertarians don't give a single fuck if Greek people who paid into a pension their entire life, see THEIR pension (their money) get cut not temporarily but PERMANENTLY, because the country is being forced to austerity by big businesses and banks in Germany which they never borrowed from individually... suddenly a person's money, which they built up during their lifetime, is no longer theirs, it's now the 'country can't afford it', it's now the country's money... and somehow this isn't theft?
I'm not necessarily saying you're such a libertarian, but that's the kind of vibe I get from a lot of guys in this thread, who pay absolutely no attention to the humanitarian crisis in Greece right now. I'm in the Netherlands and the way the media covers this story is extremely, extremely one-sided, catering to the Western-European governments and big businesses, they act like Greeks are all corrupt, lazy leachers. While their work culture is definitely more Mediterranean, it's just such a ridiculous narrative that lacks any nuance and has absolutely no regard for millions of Greek people who get fucked in the ass and had nothing to do with the Greek situation (e.g. everyone under 25 (more than a quarter of the population, who now face 60% unemployment, shitty opportunities, health care, education etc etc, and had nothing to do with the debt crisis).
Lastly, what are we really talking about... a 40 year old with a small business, or a teacher or a policemen, who can't withdraw money to pay rent? Of course not. We're talking about the very rich in Greece who want to withdraw $20m and flee the country, screwing over the entire lower and middle class. And guess who is corrupt in Greece, guess who made all the deals with foreign creditors, guess who is definitely in large part responsible? It's that rich ass Greek this thread loves to defend.
And I thought bitcoiners weren't about big banks and rich fucks getting away with stuff like this.
@_date: 2015-06-12 03:14:38
Storing money in bitcoin as opposed to fiat, and spending horizontally works just fine to get the system going.
@_date: 2015-06-28 12:42:08
I feel in large part it's because of:
1) a ridiculously insane missed opportunity, and the mental need to downplay that or go crazy
2) a misunderstanding of money, combined with a history of (internet) scams, and MLM scams
On 1) basically bitcoin went from $0.01 to $100 and beyond in a few short years. That's 10.000x. That means if you had $1000 invested, you suddenly had $10 million. That's absolutely insane. To have to live with that idea is not easy, and so it can be easier to downplay it so you can live with yourself. Just like how if 1 guy in a neighbourhood wins the lottery, people hate on that guy and downplay him as a person.
On 2) I feel people are simply not cognisant of the notion that money is really about non-useful value. i.e. a house or a cow has value, a paper bill that says '5 dollars' does not. Money is really just the tokenisation of value. In that sense money is merely information. There's no intrinsic value to e.g. a dollar, or anything else (including bitcoin), other than the utility of being able to be used to represent value. And so if money is just information, and like other forms of information (e.g. free speech) to not have to be certified by a government, or injected with a reliance on middlemen like banks, the best form of money is a digital, non-proprietary, global one. But without understanding any of these basics, bitcoin really just reminds one of 'fake world of warcraft gold', digital money that has no place in the real world, and isn't actually real. (The fact reputable organisations with PhDs looking at bitcoin still call it 'virtual money', kind of proves this point.)
@_date: 2015-06-26 13:17:48
Most people probably still keep their coins on e.g. Coinbase, or some exchange. Not the best practice but it does mean that if you have 10 Coinbase users for every 1 Armory user, then you might only have 2 addresses for 11 people. 
With that I think it's very obvious there are likely more users than addresses, (just the amount of unique human identities on confirmed accounts (i.e. confirmed bank accounts linked to e.g. passports) at places like Coinbase or Bitstamp is more than 640k).
To what extent the amount of users outnumbers addresses is hard to say but 5 million isn't an unreasonable number if you ask me. But I wouldn't know the exact number.
@_date: 2015-06-18 18:51:20
This is not 'straight up theft', they're limiting cash flows, not stealing cash. 
That means if a rich Greek wants to take a holiday in Spain for $10k he can do so. If he wants to do anything in Greece like buy a car or run a business, totally fine. But if this rich Greek wants to withdraw $10m and flee the country, leaving banks undercapitalised and collapsing the economy and screwing 99.99% of the rest of the population who isn't rich like that, where older people get their pension funds (they worked for) cut (now that is theft), see access to health care removed, and see their kids unable to get a job, then he'll have to wait for the situation to normalise. 
@_date: 2015-06-15 00:18:34
It can be peer to peer, the fact that it isn't 100% isn't very relevant I think.
Look at the internet, any internet connected device can be a server. The fact that most aren't, and instead simply receive/consume rather than send/produce isn't a big deal, the fact it's possible ensures a certain degree of freedom and openness.
Same with torrents where probably 90% of seeding is being done by 1% of people and most seeders aren't really peer to peer, but many peers to a few guys with seed boxes. But the fact it can work peer to peer means a certain amount of freedom and openness and resilience is ensured.
Bitcoin is no different, here too the economics &amp; culture are such that it makes little sense for every single individual on the planet to be a de facto bank operator, but the fact they can be ensures a level of freedom, openness, resilience etc.
Decentralisation or division of labor isn't something we should fear or spend all our time avoiding, it makes a lot of sense. It becomes a problem if the division of labor is forced upon us and monopolistic. i.e. if the internet was made up of 10 licensed internet content providers who you had to get permission from to send out anything from their servers. Or if you had to buy a government license and software to run a bitcoin node, and they were only sold to banks. But none of that is true. 
In short, we figured out it was possible to do peer2peer, we did it for a while, it adds little to keep doing it 100% (some degree of peer2peer must remain, as it does), but we must always ensure it's possible which it still is and remains to be.
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:49:49
It may be a bit similar to banking. To obtain, own and hold a dollar bill, you can be any age, even 1 day old. But to open a bank account there may be a minimum age required by the company servicing you.
Same with bitcoin, anyone can obtain, own and hold it at any age. But if you obtain it through a company they may require a minimum age before they service you.
@_date: 2015-06-23 03:31:24
Interesting. Wonder how this will change this now that Minor is gone from that position (though still Chairman).
@_date: 2014-08-16 23:19:53
We have a lot of work to do when its more of a hassle to buy bitcoin than to run a node :p
Anyway Id say its pretty rare! 1 upvote
@_date: 2014-02-20 12:30:49
Why would you trust them? 
Please follow this quick thought experiment:
1) Is there anyone in the world who is not to be trusted with your money? You'll agree, the answer is yes.
2) If it's obvious that not every single person can be trusted, is it a good idea to inherently trust every person without reason? You'll agree the answer is no.
3) Why would you trust MtGox without reason?
4) Why are you blind to reasons not to trust Mt.Gox
- Mt.Gox objectively and knowlingly lied, defaming and hurting Bitcoin, on numerous occassions.
- Mt.Gox has had numerous problems in the past of technical, customer support, money and legal nature. It has been shown this was due to incompetence and negligence.
- Mt.Gox has a conflict of interest. It can profit from crashing the price at its own exchange, and it is the only large exchange ever to have done so in the past years.
- No other reputable exchanges such as Kraken or Bitstamp have these problems. Everyone who had TX issues solved them within 48 hours. 
- Mt. Gox has been shown to be untransparent, lacks communication, lacks security, lacks customer support that doesn't cut&amp;paste replies, lacks a stable price, lacks the ability to withdraw funds right now and has always lacked the ability to withdraw funds in any meaningful timescale. (e.g. &lt; 3 weeks/3 months, if it goes through at all).
Mt. Gox is clearly full of shit, cannot be trusted, offers a crap service in a playingfield where much better alternatives exist.
Your loss.
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:15:45
That's true but diceware just uses digits 1 to 6. You don't throw twice and then adds the results. People might throw two dice at the same time but neither are supposed to be added when using diceware, you just use them as separate throws.
So diceware lets you throw a die 5 times. So you get 5-digit numbers where each digit can be 1 to 6. So all numbers are 6^5 = 7776. Then you check the wordlist for the number you got (e.g. 3251 = 'coffee' or whatever). Then you do this for about 10 words, and you get more entropy than you ever need.
@_date: 2014-04-20 21:14:58
Haha yeah, I'd been using mod for years in programming, and I was aware of using clocks for explaining mod cause everyone's familiar with these calculations. But I got completely lost regardless when they presented the basic math that way haha. I like the video but sometimes it goes a bit too fast. I especially dislike that sometimes they give answers, without explaining how. Which is really confusing to a new learner. (e.g. 2+2 = 4 seems exactly the same as 2*2=4, if you don't explain how, or give some other examples, a new learner has no way to distinguish between addition/multiplication and doesn't understand how they work.)
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:35:45
Awesome, Kraken is great. Haven't traded there much lately but it's very solid.
@_date: 2014-05-19 00:40:49
Sure, but even then. Say Mt. Gox should have 100k and it does have 50k. It still leaves open the question, did Mt. Gox lose 50k to theft, or did MK take 50k. 
And it still creates lots of answers, too. For example, in those two weeks it should be clear when and where the discrepancy between have and should-have occurred. Was MK running an effective ponzi after a hack in 2012 at which point he only had a fraction of the coins Mt. Gox owed? Or were the balances even up until 2014? Those are important answers to get, and they should be clear.
But first and foremost, MK should have an explanation. If he should have 100k and he has 50k, HE knows what happened. If they're stolen, he might not know by who, but at least he knows they were stolen. If he lost access to the keys, he should be able to say so.
The fact none of those answers are public is frankly bizarre. We still don't even know what happened. It's like the local bank vaults are suddenly empty and the bank manager doesn't even confirm that they weren't empty yesterday, nor does he confirm that he didn't empty the vaults himself, nor does he confirm what funds were in the vault, which by the way were attached to a tracker but he doesn't say if the funds are moving, nor does he say if there's any signs of theft or break-in of the vault. It's so bizarre. 
@_date: 2014-12-23 06:34:42
Nothing unique about the pi afaik.
Keep the Pi cold. i.e. don't connect it to the internet for extra security. Just do a clean install (verify the image is from a trusted source).
Use a proper random number generator on the pi. e.g. running Math.random() in javascript to generate a seed for a private key is not secure because it's not fully random.
Also consider the fact that your printer may store copies of whatever wallet it's printing. So if you then connect it to your internet-connected PC and you have malware on there, they could take it. (very unlikely to be exploited, but it's theoretically possible).
I recommend: 
Make sure to check SSL certs and the code and PGP keys. Armory is also a nice idea. (the so called Cold Pi uses it afaik). Just make sure you're getting the right software.
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:40:36
Agreed. They'll probably on-board 10k people, do a test-phase for at least 2-4 weeks, maybe even 1-2 months depending on what the results are, then maybe reduce it to $5, on-board maybe up to 50k people, and then go out of beta with no reward at all and on-board a million people within 6-12 months, I think.
@_date: 2014-09-26 10:25:19
I'll just leave this here:
I don't have much against Coindesk tbh. Knowing how to read the news has been, since the beginning of news many centuries ago, been perhaps more important than the relatively small differences between news outlets. Reading Coindesk is no different. 
@_date: 2014-08-08 20:26:20


Wow, chill... In any case I guess I overestimated your intelligence, I wouldn't have thought anyone who had read my post to be able to clearly miss several points so blatantly. Congratulations I guess.
I'll go through them one more time step by step for you.


There was no original question like the one you posed. I responded to a user who said this (note the lack of a question mark):


And I responded to say that it's not true. Depositing bitcoins into Coinbase is free. And there is no fee for sending those bitcoins, such as when making a purchase. Sorry, simply not true.
I then added to that 'but, if you want to buy a currency, then yes you pay 1%'. Note, buying a currency is different from depositing a currency. Similarly, when you buy dollars with euros on Paypal, you pay a fee, and trust me, it's more than 1%. I didn't make any other point, I was simply saying that depositing bitcoin into Coinbase is free, sending bitcoins is free, and buying a currency like bitcoin when you don't have it costs 1% at Coinbase, just like buying a currency on Paypal when you don't already have it costs money, and more than 1%.
So far so good. No questions answered, just FACTS set straight.
He THEN asked this question (not the one you thought he was asking)


I then explained I bought bitcoins at Circle for free just days before. I also explained that there are exchanges where you can buy it for near-free, such as 0.05% fees. I also explained that (especially digital and open) markets become more efficient as they get bigger, and thus the fees are likely to all keep dropping. In fact there are numerous exchanges with zero fees already. And again, buying bitcoins is buying currency. Try buying currency you don't already own on Paypal, it'll cost you way more than 1%.
And then finally, the question you alluded to. No worries I haven't forgotten:


Or as you rightly put it:


**discounts when shopping**
I already explained that I as a company save money by taking bitcoin payments over Paypal payments. About 3% for simply accepting the payment plus another 2% or so in currency exchange. You can be stupid about this and say 'but you're not a customer'. And I'll tell you no, but if I want to sell a product for $100 and pay $5, I sure as hell don't mind selling it for $94 and paying nothing. And that's what we see in the bitcoin space. Numerous merchants offer discounts on bitcoin sales. In fact not just merchants directly, but also middleman who cut costs, such as Gyft and eGifter who offer 3% discounts to users who use bitcoin. Or look at coffee for coins, 20% discounts at starbucks when using bitcoin. Or look at the ability to shop at Amazon for 10-15% discounts.
Point is, there are discounts and that's a genuine benefit. In fact, these discounts outweigh by FAR the costs of procuring bitcoin. I've paid 0.15% average for bitcoin, and since I got my Circle account I've paid 0%. Yet I've shopped various times and saved money using bitcoin when I got discounts.
**financial ownership and autonomy**
Already explained this one. Just open up a financial history book to see how often money has been seized by others. This isn't necessarily a benefit for a US consumer, but it sure was for someone in Cyprus last year. That'll never go away. With bitcoin however you can be much more safe knowing your wealth can't be seized by others anywhere near as easily. And it's not just governments, it's also, as I explained, a few billion people with no form of proof of identity or even birth, no formal residence or employment, who aren't therefore eligible to get, much less afford a bank account. They're the people who'd rather save their wealth in a distributed pseudonymous manner, than to see their house get ransacked and their savings stolen. It happens and hundreds of millions of people have no access to a safe or secure way to store their money, much less get access to financial services that bitcoin can enable, such as peer to peer lending. I've been to 4 continents and do have a house and family in Africa and to the extent you trust me, I can vouch for these stories. 
And it's not just the need for a secure place to store money, or access to financial services. It's also the fact that there are only about a dozen or so currencies that I'd want to hold. Most currencies aren't stable, are highly inflationary, and are highly suspect of being managed and created in what amounts to a process of corruption. Look at inflation and corruption in Zimbabwe, or indeed inflation in Argentina. These are recent events where people lost all their savings because the value of their currency was effectively destroyed. Bitcoin in the long-term, can provide an alternative to this. What's the benefit to owning bitcoin? Inflation proof. Secure to hold. Not issues you or I have (although the US dollar did lose 95% of its value in less than 100 years) but many other consumers do. Again, as I said before, it's like asking why malaria medication is good for you. Maybe not YOU, but a shit ton of other people can benefit.
**remittance and international transfer**




PayPal.com accounts, for sending and receiving money to/from other PayPal.com accounts. All non-Chinese accounts are PayPal.com accounts, so these accounts may be used to send money internationally.
PayPal.cn accounts, for sending and receiving money to and from other PayPal.cn accounts.
It is impossible to send money between PayPal.cn accounts and PayPal.com accounts, so PayPal.cn accounts are effectively unable to make international payments. For PayPal.cn, the only supported currency is the renminbi.
Yep, great system Paypal is for sending money to and from China. 
But look, even if you could easily send money to China, there's still a currency conversion and there's fees there. You can say 'fuck it, those fees are for the receiver'. But that's obviously extremely stupid. Imagine you're in China and you build me a website for $100 of Yuan. Say I send you a mechanic pigeon with $1 and say '$99 fees, here's your payment'. Would you accept? No. Obviously when the fees are 3-5% it's not as bad, but it's still a fee that either you, or I have to pay. Now if you want $100, you could say 'I want $100, it's your duty to deliver that payment as I delivered the website I built for you, so if YOU want to use Paypal, that's fine, but then send $105 because I want to end up with a $100 payment.' Conversely, if you're okay with eating the fees and accept $95, then I'd rather take bitcoin and just send $95 if I can save $5 over Paypal. As you can see, if there's cost savings because Paypal has the worst conversion rate in human history (just look up the stories on Google) and bitcoin doesn't because a Chinese exchange offers a 0% fee, then obviously that's better and it's an OBVIOUS benefit to the paying consumer, who can now send less money to get the same amount of money delivered as with Paypal.
And none of that even gets in to things like Paypal blocking various companies (as well as freezing user accounts by the way). There's one on this subreddit's front page, where various creditcard providers either say no outright, or charge her ridiculous 10-20% fees. That means a consumer of fetish porn, for example, often couldn't use Paypal, or would have to pay extra because the seller is hiking prices due to insane fees from the few payment providers who will service the company.
By the way, I'm not a fanatic who thinks Paypal is complete shit and will die within 12 months and that bitcoin is amazing. I use Paypal as a business every week, I'm a happy (although often frustrated) customer who happens to pay high fees, and I happen not to with Bitpay (0% fees), and I happen to lower my prices when someone pays with bitcoin because of it. There are clear benefits here, to fiat and to paypal, but I don't think the benefits over Paypal are absolutely gigantic by any means. I'm really happy to be able to use Paypal. 
I went into this convo just to correct someone saying that depositing bitcoin into Coinbase, or purchasing products with bitcoin using Coinbase costs money, showed it was not true. Then he said 'why would I use bitcoin instead of USD' and showed why. That's all. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 18:53:37
Consider this, anyone who puts up hundreds of $1 buy or sell orders will be losing money himself. Nobody does this unless they have a reason and there's no reason to conceive, while you clearly lose money.
As such, it's reasonable to say the only party with a motive is Bitstamp itself. If they put up tons of $1 orders, they pay rounded-up transaction fees to themselves, yet force the other party to pay it to them, too, allowing them fees of 1-2% as opposed to 0.2%.
There's no evidence for this and I don't think Bitstamp would do it. They've got about $1.5 billion of annual volume. Even if they operate at 0.2% fees for a few years, they make enough money to never have to work for the rest of their lives, especially if they ever sell the exchange. Don't forget, 0.2% fees are for trading more than $150k. Most users pay about 0.4% and they're paid by the buyer and seller (0.8%). They make about $1m a month in fees. So if they were money-hungry, they can easily make money the right way. This barely makes them any money as if you do it on any scale, people notice and leave your exchange because 1-2% fees are ridiculous in such a competitive space. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 10:42:43
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:00:45
Dec 2013?
And... this isn't a bank at all, is it? 
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:28:56
GroenLinks is a joke. Did you already forget how massively they sold out last time?
@_date: 2014-05-28 19:35:08
Nice... let's just hope this wasn't one of those 'final-straw' moments of a serial killers' life, just before he starts killing everyone!
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:32:19
@_date: 2014-12-22 15:25:40
Bitcoin works with private keys, that's just a bit of data really. e.g. the sentence 'Bitcoin works with private keys, that's just a bit of data really'  could be a private key. And the private key is all you need, in essence.
My point is, a phone is just one way to store private keys and sign transactions. You could store a private key on paper, on a usb stick, on a debit card. Hell you could transport a transaction by pigeon if you wanted, or via radio, or via morse code.
So yeah I think the phone-dying scenario will be solved. 


I think it's too soon to expect full solutions, when less than 0.1% of businesses even accept bitcoin, it's more about getting that to 5% rather than making sure that 0.1% can pay at every possible opportunity. So I don't think anyone is working specifically on the problem of being able to pay without a phone battery. But just to list a few things that exist: 1) Trezor, a hardware device that lets you sign transactions. 2) Bitcoin debit card, a few companies do this like Xapo. Its connected to your bitcoin wallet, and you can just use it to pay just about anywhere. McDonalds, Walmart, Starbucks etc. 3) Extra phone batteries :p 4) Bitcoin paper wallets, for if someone else has a phone, or if the terminal can swipe a QR code with a private key for example.
Hell tech is getting so cheap and small, you can probably buy a mini chip loaded with a private key for 1c in bulk. It'd be about the same size as a tooth. Its battery would last years, and you could load it with $10 and just hold it infront of the terminal and it'd do an NFC payment automatically. And then you'd just dispose it. That's literally a possible solution to phone batteries that you could create in the next few years.  It'd basically be like having money coins like today, only digitally on cheap chips. Not saying it'll happen, it's very wasteful and not very eco-friendly, just saying there are a ton of possible solutions because all you need is 1 kilobyte of storage for a private key and an algorithm, and a tiny chip that barely has any computing power (i.e. your phone has 10.000x the computing power), to store a private key and sign a transaction. Basically no different from your debitcard, and the payment terminal does any of the 'heavy' lifting (which is not heavy at all either but relatively speaking). 
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:00:57
I kind of look at it like this:
* Miners include transactions and make money from tx fees
* Tx fees are low, so miners prefer to exclude fees, thereby propagate their block faster and have a bigger chance at the block reward itself
* Reward halving will reduce this incentive and make the decision less lopsided
* Until then, miners may be prone to include few transactions or even no transactions
* But if no transactions go through block after block, trust in bitcoin is lost, the ecosystem suffers and the price of bitcoin will go down inevitably, any bitcoin miners hold or will mine in the future will become worth less
* Among the reasons miners are sensitive to reduction of bitcoin's future prices, too, is because of medium-term investments in mining hardware. They need bitcoins to sustain a price level until they break even. If the price drops because trust in tx processing fails, their hardware investments might not pay off
* Thus there will always be miners who will include transactions, particularly if guided by a good-guy mining pool administrator who has an incentive to keep the bitcoin ecosystem alive in the long-run as a viable business model
It's not perfect and there will be some rogue users, but I think this is a decent enough model. It's also interesting to consider forcing miners to include certain number of transactions, although this system has some opportunities for abuse too.
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:04:26
Think it's a bit too soon for speculation. Google Search, Android, Facebook and Twitter are all valuable but monetization was FAR from clear 1 day after public launch. Yet it's indisputable platforms have value and potential to make money.
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:22:16
Sure. Remittance is one. For example, my dad just sent $100 to his brother for his birthday and paid $10 for it. Those fees aren't uncommen, the average is about 9%, and in some remittance corridors it's beyond 15%, and that's just to send the money. But then in some places you'll have some thugs with weapons demanding another 5-10% at the local place of pickup. 
BitPesa is doing great work in this regard.
And then there's the various platforms (Gyft, egifter, purse.io) that promise 3-25% discounts using bitcoin on lots of sites that don't even take bitcoin normally.
And then there's notions of security and privacy. Look at Target's latest breach, 100m creditcards stolen. Everyone I know who ever had a CC has had it used for a fraudulent purchase. Generally they got their money back by the way, but their personal details are out there with risk of identity thefy, it's an annoying process, they get a new card etc, and it's costing merchants and processors money that eventually you will have to pay for.
And then there's reasons like financial autonomy. i.e. do you want to participate in an economy ran on a debt-based, printed currency, and be dependent on a banking system that obviously has been shown to be far from perfect? Or would you rather participate in an economy with no inherent debt, without a politically motivated supply of money, without dependency on a central party.
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:18:13
So, a bitcoin address (to send bitcoins to) is derived from a bitcoin public address, and a public address is derived from a private key.
So your really need to generate a private key. A PK is really just any 256-bit number.
A bit can have 2 values, e.g. 0 or 1. So if you flip a coin, the outcome is 1 bit of data (heads or tails).
If you flip 2 coins, you have 2 bits of data, and the amount of outcomes is 2^2 = 4, it can be 0,0 or 1, 1 or 0,1 or 1,0.
If you flip 3 coins, 3 bits of data, outcome is 2^3 = 8. Outcomes can be 000, 111, 011, 001, 110, 100, 101, 010.
4 coin flips = 16
5 coin flips = 32
20 coin flips = 1.048.576 (over a million already)
So if you flip 256 coins, you get 1,157920892×10⁷⁷ this number is this big:
In other words, there is not a chance in hell anyone will ever flip the same outcome as you. If you flipped a trillion dice per second for a trillion years, you wouldn't even roll 0.00000001% of all the possible outcomes, not even close.
So that's secure. You then have a private key. You then need to make sure it's also an ECC private key, which 99.99999999999999999+% of them are. You then need to turn that into the type of keys bitcoin likes to work with, which are generally in hexadecimal form. There's compressed keys and all, and different key formats.
In short, it's not something you want to mess with unless you have a bit of a CS or Math background. It's actually pretty simple once you get it, but if you don't know what you're doing it's easy to go wrong.
Best bet is just to throw dice and use diceware.com. Make a 10 word passphrase, then use that as the seed to a brain wallet on bitaddress.org. Look up how to use bitaddress properly (e.g. download the code from github and run it on an offline secure device) to be completely secure).
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:41:00
Not to bust his balls here but nobody cares about the IRS in this case. This isn't after all a legal case on tax evasion.
FinCen (Financial Crimes Enforcement Network) is much more applicable here, naturally. They've come forward and stated that digital currencies are money-like instruments. That's why you need a money transmitter license if you want to do the type of things Silk Road did.
I don't really expect this to hold up. Even if no party ever made any specific statements on what bitcoin is, it can still be used to launder money and legal semantics allow ample room to deal with these issues. In the same way that if you build your own makeshift pistol, it'll be called a pistol in court. You're not going to go free just because nobody ever officially declared it a pistol.
More importantly, money laundering was just one of the allegations. Drug trafficking is another one. This 'pretty sharp' thing won't help him here, either. I doubt he'll go free.
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:35:57
they already do buddy
@_date: 2014-06-13 21:48:46
Awesome! I expect others to follow. At some point, within a year they'll just quote the ETF prices from NASDAQ anyway.
@_date: 2014-12-21 07:39:21
Not a major fuck up at all?
@_date: 2014-06-20 18:03:40
This is a pretty clumsy move by Coinbase. Yes, it's likely that within weeks or months this app will be bought and its developer will be hired by Coinbase and that the developer is friends with his old colleague, the CEO of Coinbase. I have little doubt of that.
But that doesn't warrant this move. It's extremely rare to see a company just cede its brand to a third-party developer with whom they don't even have a partnership, and it sends a very mixed and negative signal to the userbase, who question the legitimacy of the brand when it can be used for app releases by individual people who don't even work at Coinbase. That's ridiculous, especially for a financial app that lets you manage your money. That's just clumsy.
So while I'm in no way paranoid about the security of this app, or its future, the appearance just sucks and it sends a bad signal. That's clumsy for a company with a $100m+ valuation, a very seasoned board of directors and seasoned employees running it.
@_date: 2014-05-01 11:11:22
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:23:15
Exactly, with Mt. Gox there were a lot of newcomers sending money there because they were the biggest and oldest. Only when they couldn't withdraw, they started reading the forums and finding reports of thousands of others. We need constant communication when a large exchange has 0 incentive not to steal your money.
Imagine you left your fiat money at a bank, only the bank wasn't an office... You just pressed some button on your computer and fiat money disappeared from your physical money, you knew not who held it or where it was. If you pressed the button again, it'd come back. Until it suddenly didn't, and you had no way of finding the person who was holding all your money or even knowing who he was. If that sounds good to you, by all means... 
@_date: 2014-05-13 09:42:26


It's pretty difficult. For one, there's a lot of regulatory issues with P2P lending. It exists for fiat markets already, but they often have issues and I've heard of more than a few get shut down, which isn't great from any perspective (the company, nor the users who lose their money).
But I think in particular it's oversight and assurance that's a problem even if you got regulatory clearance. It's very difficult to 'vet' loans especially over the internet, which is what investment banking is really all about. You can put up a loan, take the money and then run with it. With a bank, it's a bit more difficult as you have to come in person, verify your identity, verify your residence, put up collateral, sign a number of documents, present in detail your business plan and allocate certain to-be-borrowed funds to certain payments (like rent of an office) and the remaining cash can't simply be withdrawn from the bank account. All these things prevent you from simply cashing out and running with it.
There's a few companies that are trying though. They have a team which does a pretty decent job at verifying facebook, linkedin, paypal, credit profile, personal references etc. But it's still tricky and there's not much immediately obvious recourse if things go wrong, especially when the person doesn't defraud you but simply can't pay back due to bankruptcy. 
There's also the issue of bitcoin volatility.
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:35:35
True but this is a temporal reality. Over time block rewards go down and the incentive to include more and more transactions increases. 
We currently only use about 10% of block space. So we could scale by 10x without needing bigger blocks, and way more if we scale with off-chain transactions. That might happen within a few years at which point block rewards are half as big and we'll probably have floating tx fees meaning the incentive for miners to include transactions will increase.
Lastly, there's probably going to be an understanding that if transactions take an hour to get a single confirmation because of miners doing these things, bitcoin's price will suffer due to a lost trust and miners suffer. Just like how Ghash miners just lost a lot of money because the price dived (completely negating 0.5% more money because of 'miner luck') I think we'll see miners respond adequately and include transactions sufficiently. There'll be times when the confirmation time might take a while but on average I don't think we'll see big problems.
@_date: 2014-04-09 20:59:37
Interesting and surprising. I remember this guy giving bitcoin decent coverage when one of the worlds top investors invested into bitcoin and I also remember him criticizing and Leah Goodman's journalism and placing many question marks to her research and evidence.
Wasn't quite putting him into the pro-bitcoin camp, but for him to call it a trainwreck without any context, is surprising. He's the type of person who has the intelligence and knowledge to, under normal circumstances, see that it's actually massive that a currency without a nation or authority has reached such a massive market cap in a few short years. 
Ah well. 'What is bitcoin?'... It's a bit tiring. If you have people on the show presenting data on bitcoin and don't even know what it is, then why the fuck are they journalists? It's their job to report on this for regular folks. Either look into it, understand it, talk about it, or shut the hell up. Shameful especially considering they specialize in financial news.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:03:27


Why? I'd perhaps understand (but disagree) if you said you trust anonymous owners of BTC-E as much as you'd trust them if they were known. But you trust them *more* because they're anonymous?
@_date: 2014-05-21 09:40:38
I'm trying my hardest to get to 1 in a million (21) before the price blows up :p
@_date: 2014-03-04 14:51:57
Agreed. Some of the things that were proposed were to find a consensus to fork a different blockchain that would cancel stolen transactions. I'm not sure if it's even technically/practically feasible, but most importantly, as you mention, people wouldn't want this to happen as it makes the protocol susceptible to manipulation, corruption, politics.
One thing that might be interesting, purely from a grass-roots self-regulation type of thing, would be to blacklist certain inputs. E.g. any party that has funds (e.g. Bitstamp) can sign them. If they happen to be stolen later, bitstamp could make public the fact that funds they verifiable owned were stolen. At this point, every miner could blacklist these inputs preventing the coins to ever be used. Exchanges could have red flags for any coin with criminal inputs. Rogue parties would appear who'd mine the transactions and provide liquidity, but it'd potentially be easier to narrow down these players, increase criminal risk, and lower the demand for blacklisted inputs, thereby lowering the price criminals could get.
Also, not sure whether its technically feasible, but at least it's a bottoms-up approach to fighting bitcoin crime.
@_date: 2014-05-07 11:51:53


Absolutely, but only when it approaches 'saturation point'. An optimistic number of current users today is 5m, meaning saturation point is a long long time away.


Not sure about 2020, but today 80-90% is very optimistic. That's a figure that might be true in the developed world, but not outside. The numbers you quoted aren't users, they're subs, which exceed 100% in most OECD countries because of multiple connections. (e.g. a phone line at home, a phone in the office, a mobile phone, another old subscription you're not using on your previous 2-year contract phone etc). In Africa these rates are probably closer to 50% today if you actually look at individual users rather than phones sold or subs. It's growing extremely fast though, I wouldn't be surprised at 80-90% mobile phone penetration by 2020. 
But still, going from 5m users to 5 billion (1000x increase) in 6 years is extremely optimistic. Look at the chart you posted. The Internet took 10 years to go from 10% to 70% penetration. A 7x increase in 10 years and that's in US households for a service that is extremely useful. Contrast it with improving payments, something much less useful than the internet, and expect it to do 1000x growth in 6 years? I think that's a pretty ridiculous scenario to be honest. But then a 1000x increase in price would mean a price of half a million per bitcoin. Maybe one day, but in just a few short years? 
@_date: 2014-12-06 02:37:53
Just as a parttime volunteer. Working somewhere near full-time and going about things in a systematic way, with resources, support from a dedicated team and a mandate should let him be a lot more productive than before, beyond the obvious fact that he is increasing the amount of hours he spends on bitcoin core.
@_date: 2014-06-19 11:46:02
As the first ever bitcoin exchange and the biggest ever bitcoin exchange, often confused with bitcoin itself by outsiders, not as Coinfloor, the tiny exchange few bitcoiners know about, let alone people outside of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-20 18:10:21


Not quite. There are import duties for import into an EU country which indeed is similar for all EU countries. But that's completely separate from VAT, which is different in just about every country in the EU and not subject to European legislation.
Yes, it does mean that if you buy something in Finland and move it to the Netherlands you won't pay VAT in the Netherlands, because you didn't buy it there. But that does not at all mean that you won't pay VAT in the Netherlands if you DO buy it there.
Which means every seller would still need to be located in Finland, which isn't a problem by the way particularly due to the digital nature of the currency, but I'm just pointing out that Finland doing something doesn't mean sellers in the rest of the EU suddenly are VAT exempt, too.
@_date: 2014-05-22 14:08:59
Cool, company with 500 employees, 13 offices in 3 countries builds an entire product specifically for bitcoin and integrates it into their business to service bitcoin users and companies. Nice.
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:06:05
Thanks buddy I'll pass it on!
@_date: 2014-07-10 21:24:07
Indeed, the attorney is a great sign. It doesn't at all guarantee anything, but when you have someone who helped launch multiple ETFs, you can expect that person to have said 'No, this has no chance / very low chance of happening' if that was really the case in the first conversations they had. So for the attorney to accept this job says that this ETF has a good chance of happening in the first place I think.
@_date: 2014-04-13 00:58:39
I think you've got the actual speaking part nailed. No nervousness, weird pitch, weird pacing. That was all fine, looked and sounded very comfortable. But I think you need to bring more focus in what you say. If you have a few key points you want to make, find nice analogies, stories, comparisons, anecdotes and throw them out there, elaborate slightly and then stop. Talking more can take away from the point or confuse or cause people to have trouble remembering the key point or the 2-3 sentences that explain it best and will stick with them.
For example, once you hear that the 'public key' is like your bank account number and the private key is a password, you're off to a good start. You don't want to get into explaining any technicalities, like that both are generated at the same time and are interlinked (who cares) unless someone asks a very specific question. (e.g. 'aren't there a limited amount of addresses? Yes, and the limit is larger than all atoms in the universe, so practically unlimited.) But until then, keep things concise.
I think the key words here are focus, conciseness, familiarity. Decide on key points you want to make (e.g. bitcoin is open, cheaper, permissionless, trustless, global, whatever), then keep focus to convey these points, concise so they can process and remember the point, and familiar, so that it's easy to grasp. (e.g. bitcoin to paper money is like email to mail if you want to make a point that bitcoin is faster, cheaper, easier, more accessible, more secure, more portable, more global, just like email is to mail in all those ways).
The law professor, just like you, made some great points, but I think he also sidetracked too often, stopping short of driving home a key point he wanted to make and throwing a lot of convo out there everyone had to process. He could also do a lot better in terms of delivery for example.
Thanks again!
@_date: 2014-04-19 11:10:48
A business plan includes governance structures, that's a very elementary and hugely important part of any business that raises $10m. So yes, their plan did have to do with the failure because it didn't stipulate any of this.
Secondly, consider that if there is no viable business plan, then you know two things. Either the founder is completely delusional, or more likely, the founder sees another way to benefit, i.e. defraud investors. So again, business plan that isn't financially viable is an indicator of possible fraud.
@_date: 2014-12-29 19:46:31
We're already seeing Circle offer instant buying of bitcoin at 0% fee, and Bitpay processing bitcoin at a 0% fee.
Then look at the cost savings if the full system went that way. You'd eliminate a lot of fraud, chargebacks, processing fees, creditcard fees, checking account fees. A lot of those fees are already disappearing for users and merchants, and sometimes that translates into costsavings. For example I can order food online from a takeaway website, from any of about 100 restaurants in my city. It's cheaper with bitcoin (about 7-10% depending on my order size) because I don't pay a processing fee. Gyft regularly offers 3% discounts on any of its products. Coinforcoffee gets you a 20% discount at Starbucks.
Now I'll agree, this hasn't materialized everywhere. Not all exchanges and payment processors are free, and not all merchants offer discounts. I'm not saying that. But I'm saying that they all can be cheaper and can offer higher discounts, because bitcoin is a cheaper way to send money and thus it allows them to.
And if they can, they will, because over time competition will force them to. And competition can and will happen, because bitcoin like the internet is a free and open protocol that requires no permissions.
It's a bit like comparing the cost of internet (services) in 1994 to 2014. From things like news, video to international phonecalls. It takes time to materialize. But if the underlying network is cheaper, over time it'll win.
@_date: 2014-10-16 11:02:51
How familiar are you with software development in general? I mean, it's not really a very bitcoin related question. If you had asked about sending an email or an image or a song between A and C, it'd largely be the same. There'd be some cryptographic things involved, but that's relatively a minor part. 
The bulk of your question is just a general front-end / back-end question that is agnostic to whether you're dealing with bitcoins or twitter messages or snapchat pictures.
I'd personally go with HTML5 (javascript, html, css) on the front-end, and run javascript (e.g. nodejs) on the backend. The browser is one of the few things that's still highly cross-platform, and there's quite a few javascript libraries on the crypto side, as well as back-end services running on nodejs like Bitpay's bitcore that you can use.
So yeah I'd personally go with bitcore. But really it can be anything. There's of course bitcoind (c++), bitcoinj (java), bitcoinjs (javascript), I've also seen python used a bit here and there. It really depends what's your fancy.
@_date: 2014-10-30 00:10:17
Impressive guys :)
@_date: 2014-12-14 02:54:59
Fail is a relative term. I don't want to spin this, but if you're in a war and 10% of your people die and your country is partially ruined, but you come out on top, then failure or success is relative and you could look at it either way. I guess the point is that there was nothing one could do against Gox or China, yet bitcoin's ecosystem survived and thrived.
The notion that when one of the biggest markets (China), and the biggest exchange player in the ecosystem, (Mt. Gox) virtually vanish overnight, yet you on-board over 10 billion dollar companies in that very ecosystem including the 2nd largest on the planet, get tacit approval from many governments and reputable business leaders, have no protocol-level security fails, see close to half a billion dollars of investment pour into professional companies with solid engineering teams, look at wallets at Coinbase go from 0.7m to 1.9m, at Blockchain.info from 0.9m to 2.6m, see daily transactions grow to record numbers, see companies like Apple reverse their stance and allow bitcoin wallets etc, that's a huge sign of strength, determination, long-term vision and grit. 
That's a success story, to whether the odds and take events you can't simply prevent from happening like China or the inevitable Mt. Gox, and do the best you can to make the best of a bad situation.
@_date: 2014-08-13 13:05:10
Actually I posted this that you probably didn't read:
I didn't say because he was wrong on 1 thing, everything else is now dirt.
I said this:
Because he's gone full retard, fully documented, on at least 10 different things, from race to gender roles to religion to native americans, education, etc etc, I can **probably** do without. Combine that with the fact that I think he's horrible to listen to (way of speaking, voice, cohesion), I'd rather spend my limited time listening to other people that have a higher probability of being true. Yet if someone were willing to summarize, I'd be willing to listen.
Note that I didn't take ANY position on the truthfulness of his statements in the future or on bitcoin based on his past statements, and that in the other post I completely acknowledge one shouldn't.
So don't put words in my mouth.
@_date: 2014-12-15 15:39:07
Same as any other stash of wealth :-/ Pay my bills and live happily ever after with my family, friends and gf like I do now :)
A wildest dream scenario of tons of money due to another 50x price appreciation isn't something I consider much although it's certainly possible. In that scenario I'd simply like to be a bit less dependent on working 50 hours a week in a job I only love half of the time, and cut that back to working 3 days a week working and 4 days a week doing fun stuff (which can be work, but the fun type, like tinkering with a non-profit oriented product with no pressure behind anything).
@_date: 2014-06-25 10:16:22
HAHAHA, did anyone see the picture they used? Is that supposed to be a hacker? Doctors gloves on windows 7? That's hilarious.
edit it's apparently a police forensic officer!
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:30:27
Kraken fees start at 0.2% and go down from there. Could you make a case for Justcoin versus Kraken where I am customer now? Would be happy to consider switching platforms.
Justcoin seems to be a better deal only if you trade very high volume. But a quick buy&amp;sell of a thousand euros already chips off ~1%. That's pretty steep. 
By the way, Justcoin was confusing to me. In the world of a gazilion altcoins, I'd personally stay away from using a 'coin' suffix. A prefix is okay (e.g. Coinbase, coinlab, coindesk). But a suffix (e.g. Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin, Peercoin) is just confusing for a non-currency.
@_date: 2014-07-10 21:56:28
Well an ETF pretty much is a security. But the idea is, an ETF is traded on an exchange, like the NASDAQ, whereas SecondMarket's BIT is a privately traded security. The former is something wealth managers can buy with the click of a button on their industry-grade finance terimals (like a bloomberg terminal that costs $30k a year). The latter is something they'll first need to discover, then contact SM, negotiate a price, broker a deal and get the paperwork done. The latter isn't really feasible on a large scale, it's not very liquid, you can't buy and sell multiple times a week, it'd be a huge hassle. But the ETF, that's something that suddenly portfolio managers, family fund managers, pension funds etc can offer and buy into easily. 
For a very crude comparison, or analogy rather... an ETF is like Coinbase/Bitstamp/Kraken or w/e. You have an account and you buy and sell, it's easy. The BIT security is like localbitcoins. You find a deal online, get in touch, wait, negotiate a price, meet in person etc.
That's kind of the idea. The former is gigantic and there's lots of trading, the latter is pretty big too, but trading isn't done as often or as much or as frequently and liquidity is lower. It's just an analogy though.
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:00:51
Saw 6x yes so far. Let's try to reddit-bomb this shit
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:10:23
Yup. A PhD in Comp. Sci from Virginia Uni did a study and came out at $1.2m monthly trade on Silk Road in total. It was also found 30% of goods were licit goods and its trade in weapons was shut down voluntarily because of a lack of interest.
Meanwhile, after Silk Road was shut down bitcoin grew tenfold in price, adoption, activity etc within 2 months. 
But yeah, $1.2b traded and 20% of narcotics trade (a global $300-400 billion dollar industry by the way), as well as a supposedly big part of bitcoin use. Turns out, it wasn't that bad, nor was it all that anonymous after all.
Kind of sad. Ah well.
@_date: 2014-06-16 10:57:42
Agreed. My state paid for my school, healthcare, safety in public, safety from bad food, build the roads and makes sure there's bike lanes and that driving a car requires a license and takes care of me if I'm out of a job.
In return I pay a tax rate on money that I didn't need for my happiness and have plenty of disposable money left that I tend to invest in people on Kiva.org.
That's just highlighting a few things. Frankly I don't see the idea of abolishing the state as a way to improve on all of that. 
People don't understand that markets aren't perfect. They don't always create the things we all feel are actually important. For example, a famous statement by Bill Gates:


Basically this idea that rich old men go bald, thus fund its research, while impoverished people get malaria, thus don't get help. There is a consensus as to which is actually more important, but the market doesn't care about those voices.
I think this notion of a welfare state is a million times better than no state at all. It combines democracy with capitalism and basic welfare for all.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:06:25
Post an example of a website design of another journal you like. I'm positive someone can build that for you, and let you manage a CMS to post cryptocurrency articles.
@_date: 2014-07-14 10:21:14
No they can't. They're NOT a bank. Are you clueless? Do you know what you need to become a bank? A bank can do fractional reserve, Coinbase, by law, can't, because it's not a bank, and as a MTB it has to keep 100% of reserves by law. Where do people get this kind of bs from?
Technically nothing is a 'wallet', technically it's a stupid name to give what is essentially a keychain, not a wallet. Technically your bitcoins aren't in your wallet, only keys in a keychain are, the bitcoins are inputs in a huge public ledger called the blockchain. But using keychain instead of wallet would be stupid, people need an understandable familiar word to use, in the same way that we don't call your iphone a computer or your ipad a PC when that's what they are, and they're certainly not a 'phone' anymore than your laptop with skype is a phone. But we don't use technical semantics because it doesn't work. So we call an iphone a phone, an ipad a tablet, multibit a wallet. We don't call it a PC and a keychain. And given such leniency with words it's easy to call Coinbase a wallet, too. They aim, intend and design it to do everything a wallet running on your PC or Phone can do, so it's a wallet.
@_date: 2014-03-21 13:28:18
Because there's plenty of 25 year old kids (including myself) with little investor experience and a lot of their personal money on the line, no bloomberg terminal with a team of senior economic researchers pushing out credible data on bitcoin markets, therefore allowing shit articles that could be reason for a price drop of 10-20% to turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy even if untrue. 
There was a ~10% price drop give or take 2% and people want answers on reddit.
@_date: 2014-10-07 15:40:23
Just reading the always interesting quarterly reports by Coindesk:
My notes:
* p 12. Feels kind of meaningless. First, dollar &amp; yuan isn't everything, there are significant euro-markets, e.g. Kraken traded a few million dollars the past 24 hours worth of bitcoin. There's also reason to assume Chinese markets are partially empty bot trades to inflate the numbers. And currency denominations imply some national interest, but that's misleading, loads of USD trading on Bitstamp is done by people from Europe, Latin-America etc. The data is interesting but let's put it in a context, right now it just looks like China is where 75% of bitcoin adoption is happening and the US the other 25%, and that simply is misleading.
* p13. I disagree, Merchant processing is quite significant. They mention Overstock at $15k daily sales. But Bitpay, 8 months ago or so, revealed *over* $1m processed daily. I expect today, together with Coinbase, they do well over $3m daily. That's about as much as all of mining inflation from just two processors. There are a host of smaller processors (and much bigger established ones, like Mollie and soon Paypal) besides these two. 
* p14. raises an interesting point. It's quite plausible to assume miners were holding coin in Q1 and Q2 hoping for a price rise and making huge USD investments into equipment. But given hashrates continues to grow insanely fast, new investments are ready, which requires miners to sell off bitcoin holdings. The price drops, requiring more miners to sell larger quantities to fund their mining, causing a snowball effect.
* p 16. is interesting, obviously partly connected to the bitcoin ecosystem, but it's painfully clear: 2x more altcoins but the total altcoin marketcap is down by 65%.
* p 17. saddens me. It's painfully clear 9 of the top 10 most popular stories are purely about price. The least popular, number 10, and the only non-price story, is Paypal integrating bitcoin. I had hoped we'd have moved past bitcoin as just an investment in 2014. Of course price is a proxy of bitcoin's impact, but I can't shake the feeling there are a lot of people who couldn't care less about bitcoin dying in a fire in 2020 if they could cash out their 100x investment before then.
* p 22. is an absolutely awesome idea, but it feels like crap data. I wonder how the index is calculated and how deep the dissemination of their questionnaire is. The chart doesn't at all seem to correlate with any real life events, it just seems to randomly go up and down.
* p 44. small nitpick, while it's true Expedia has $5b in revenue, it processes over $40b a year in sales for its clients, which could potentially shift to bitcoin sales partially. Expedia doesn't actually sell anything, it's a bit like the eBay for travel. It makes sense to report on the sales that could be done in bitcoin, rather than the revenue of the underlying service provider which is less relevant.
* p 47. 8m wallets at year's end, quite impressive. Hope we can get some more granular 'active wallet' data next year.
* p 48. is interesting. Obviously Silk Road wasn't going to be the last. I've personally got no interest in these things, but it's hugely compelling to see the power of a decentralized currency in a market where fiat currency does not work: an online black market. And one can be sympathetic to the cause as many black markets are demonized for victimless crimes by a morality police. I'm no libertarian but I can see the flaws in that, and bitcoin circumvents it. Powerful stuff. Also interesting to see no other coin really succeeding here, I think largely due to the fact no other cryptocurrency has an ecosystem of onramps and offramps to make it possible.
* p 50. Ouch, 1 ATM for a continent of over 1 billion people. I'm still hoping for some breakthrough either in SMS wallet adoption or partnerships with carriers to allow feature phone wallets. But it seems that still is largely impeded by carriers who have influence over things like STK and USSD.
* p 67 is a very powerful slide. The timing for bitcoin feels perfect, create a large ecosystem like is happening now, just 1-2 years before we see cheap ($25) and durable android phones flood the market like the billions of feature phones did. We're also seeing a prevalence of wifi and lots of interesting ideas for new networks, from internet balloons to internet drones to small internet broadcasting stations to internet-connected bluetooth mesh networks, and SMS-based wallets on UI-rich android smartphones. It won't bring Netflix to rural Africa, but sending half a kilobyte of data (a bitcoin transaction) might soon be available in even the most remote places on earth on a rich interface on a cheap smartphone device.
No data on payment processing volume, exchange volume, wallet usage, or remittance volume at all, not even rough estimates. Feels sorely lacking. Otherwise, always enjoyable to read these quarterly reports!
@_date: 2014-08-11 13:58:10
Annual remittance to Africa is about $40b and growing at an average price of roughly 10%. Over the span of a decade, that's literally tens of billions of dollars of extra money arriving in Africa that otherwise wouldn't have.
If you thought it was annual figure, it wasn't, that's a few billion dollars, enough to make a difference. You can contrast it to USAID figures on this page if you'd like:
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:47:42
True, sort of. It's still possible to deposit and withdraw bitcoin and use the wallet service without using their brokerage services. No bank involved there, although most users will also use the brokerage services to buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:28:26
Oops, you're right, not bitaccess.
Not sure if fake. 400 out of the blue from an unknown party looks pretty ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-10-19 19:50:30
Nobody says 'the browser is the best experience let's develop for it'.
But games built on HTML5 work in any browser. That means you can build a game or an app from one codebase and run it on your windows PC, your windows phone, your windows laptop, your iMac, your Macbook, your iPhone or iPad, your Chromebook, your android phone or tablet, your raspberry pi, your tizen phone, your firefox phone, your apple/android tv, your xbox, blackberry etc.
For a gamer, that might sound like 'meh'. For software developer, that's huge.  If you'd develop native applications for a dozen platforms, a dozen operating systems on a dozen different form factors... you just couldn't do it without literally a million dollar team. But I built some board games and was playing them against my girlfriend, her on her nexus, me on an iphone, and building that was a breeze with simple web-dev skills. To think I'd have to have mastered Java and objective C instead and interface with one another, and deal with deployment on the app stores, oh the horror.
There's lots of cons and caveats to this, absolutely. (like performance, or optimizing for specific devices using their unique hardware and software systems).
But the idea is that almost any digital consumer computer ever comes with a browser. Whether that's your PC, laptop, phone, tablet, TV or console. And if you can build a game or app in a browser instead of a website, you just reached everyone. Cross platform from a single codebase is an amazing thing. The ability to push an update to a server and be done, is awesome. And while cross-browser development can be frustrating, it's much easier than e.g. getting a user to install directx or whatever on their PC and getting a million bug reports from a billion different graphics cards.
But no, for consumers... there's literally nothing. Consumers are not familiar with HTML5 and there's zero demand for it from consumers. No consumer ever has asked for an HTML5 app. So you're not alone in seeing no point for an in-browser game. But consumers do want cross-platform, even from small teams with limited expertise and resources, so indirectly they demand a browser app as it's often the only way.
@_date: 2014-10-05 00:32:53
Thank you
@_date: 2014-06-20 17:56:59
Looking forward to the cloud hashing experiment. I've run the numbers many times and the economics just don't really work out. If miner A spends $90 on a mining rig ABC that generates $100 over its lifetime, he's not going to rent it out for any less than $100. Why rent it for $95 when you can get $100? He'll rent it out for $100+, but as it only makes $100, it's a losing game. The only reason is cash flow (sell upfront, reinvest, instead of wait for the mining rig to find blocks over time), but miners are barely discounting their hashpower because of this. The numbers show this, GH/S is way, way overpriced when rented.
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:40:16
Indeed. Although, it often is re-sent by another node afterwards who may not have forgotten it yet. So these transactions can float around for quite some time.
@_date: 2014-05-15 13:19:49
Only a little bit :D I mean, most tourists literally walk on the road as if it's a pavement. I'm used to that, in Morocco I walk on the road all the time, but not like in the fucking middle lol, and certainly not completely oblivious to all other traffic and most certainly I don't step onto the road or cross it without even looking. Unfortunately I'm not kidding, tourists do all the above, and it's strange because it's a lot of Spanish and Chinese, and I've been to both their countries and nobody does that shit there either haha. It's like they're aliens from roadless mars.
@_date: 2014-10-15 19:26:38
You're acting like your money would be lost forever. You can simply make a new transaction with 4 cents attached if the other one doesn't go through.
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:25:36
I think once you have a bitcoin system, it's pretty trivial to connect this with either altcoins, sidechains, payment channels or off-chain transaction systems, though.
I mean, once you get Bitpay to interface with Coinbase's customer API and they do a partnership, as well as with blockchain.info wallets, you've got Coinbase &amp; Blockchain.info wallets making off-chain 0-fee payments at 95% of merchants.
Meanwhile bitcoin still exists, it can still be used with your own wallet if you pay your own small tx fee and it's still used as a settling system.
So I'm personally not that worried. Centralized systems aren't bad as long as there's a decentralized system underlying it. Like I don't care if Skype is a centralized cost-free system, as long as I can use any other service whenever I want and Skype can't lock me in to their system. And that's bitcoin, a beautiful system where if you want, you can use centralized payment channels for free ontop of bitcoin without ever being locked into it and having the option of reverting to the distributed solution that's always available.
Besides this, I'm confident we can scale the blocks up. There's trends in computing power, harddrives and networking and they all grow by at least 2x every 3 years. 20 terabyte consumer harddrives are predicted for 2020 for example. A 10mb block would create 2.5 terabytes of data between 2015-2020 for example, and 10mb blocks are about 70-100x today's usage. Add blockchain-pruning to that, and we can scale by 100x pretty easily. Similar trends in networking and computing exist. For example, there's a report saying a 14TB harddisk in 2020 will cost $40. Even if the formula (Kryder's law) is slightly off, it's easy to see how a 10mb block (0.5 terabyte per year) is easy to manage on low-cost nodes going in to the future. Even 5TB a year is manageable and trivial for professional nodes like many nodes running in the cloud today. A 10mb node can do up to 100x of today's transactions, at such transaction numbers you have significant total mining rewards while tx fees per tx can stay very low.
@_date: 2014-05-13 18:09:36
@_date: 2014-09-29 10:40:49
But then Bitpay is hardly new (May 2011) so any 'double counting' of bitpay's share of the bitcoin ecosystem has been part of the data in 2011, 2012, 2013 and indeed this year, too.
Lastly, we don't know how bitpay works. But I'd put 90% of my bitcoin on the bet that they aggregate their sell off. It's extremely unlikely that everytime you send bitpay bitcoin, they send that bitcoin to another party for cash. Much more likely is that Bitpay sells their coin on an exchange (requiring no blockchain transaction at all) and then takes all bitcoin revenue for that day and forwards it to the exchange to top up their account once a day. Same idea for private non-exchange deals. In other words, you might see 10001 transactions for every 10000 buys from a bitpay merchant, hardly double counting.
Fact is the number of transactions are growing while each transaction still costs money even while a lot of exchange/processing/tipping is actually off-chain and even after betting spam was consolidated, that's a positive signal if you ask me.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:14:59
I disagree. Yes, most threats are stupid, harmless, made by kids in jest. But some threats are very real and we can't just assume someone said 'man if the shares don't go up by 5% next week I'll kill this guy'. It might've been far more serious, we can't assume.
BUT, everything happening before any threats were even made is complete bullshit. He ran out of money a few weeks after starting, with only 1 office, and apparently not servicing a single customer, but running a nation-wide media campaign. What the fuck?
Then he leaves the country, doesn't tell ANYONE, not his colleagues who are left unpaid and without a CEO. Is this a fucking joke? He doesn't even tell his investors, while he's out of the country to LOOK FOR INVESTORS. Again, a fucking joke.
That leads me to assume the rest is complete bullshit, too. And finally, after threats were made, he says he was instructed not to even make contact from whatever country he was in with his *own colleagues* that *he* hired and worked with for a long time. In the off-chance that one of his colleagues is going to assasinate his daughter because he really wanted to keep working at Neo &amp; Bee and this would do it? I mean, what?
@_date: 2014-04-08 10:50:20
Crazy... glad to see that both the community and service providers are stepping up with quick responses
@_date: 2014-06-16 22:10:59
There was a store in the Netherlands that offered a 20% discount for every goal we scored. Unfortunately for him it turned out to be 5-1 against Spain haha!
@_date: 2014-05-14 13:58:13
You can use a credit card without a paypal account to pay at Kiva as far as I know.
@_date: 2014-06-10 11:59:53
I disagree. The point of bitcoin was never to allow you to buy a softdrink at 0 fees. It allows you to be your own bank, not to be your own payment channel. Off-chain transactions are absolutely fine, they don't have to be replaced by bitcoin AS LONG as you can take your bitcoin from coinbase and take the private keys in the blockchain, move it around and exchange it however you want. That means you can control your money, it means the money supply is linked to software, it means you can move large amounts of value across the world quickly and cheaply, and it also means you can leave a small bit of it with a company who will run a network allowing you to make free micropayments, like buying a drink.
That's powerful stuff, it doesn't defeat the whole point of bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:17:38
Shortening the block time would have huge negative consequences that are more difficult to solve than some elegant and entirely optional solutions to preventing double-spending. (e.g. sidechains, payment channels, off-chain transactions, waiting 10 minutes, multi-signature).
As for decentralized, bitcoin isn't, it's distributed. The solutions above aren't centralized, they're decentralized, which is perfectly fine, most of the internet is exactly like it.
@_date: 2014-09-23 17:49:06
@_date: 2014-07-16 12:07:13
And broadly they very much are. The penalties might be a bit different etc, but yes, in most OECD countries you'll find very similar legislation, very similar legal intent and very similar rights.
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:30:12
reward halfing is still 2.5 years out isn't it?
Not sure there's an ongoing and increasing distrust in fiat. It's always been a huge issue and I clearly remember everyone talking about the effects of (limitless) quantitative easing and the lack of anything scarce backing gold preventing limitless printing in the early 2000s and later in 2008. I'd say 2013 and 2014 was one of the low years in terms of people's frustration with banking systems or our economies compared to the decade previous to 2013.
Frankly I also don't think bitcoin will be massively adopted because of distrust in fiat. It'll probably stand on its own more than by differentiating itself from fiat. I hope that distinction makes sense. e.g. you could say a democrat had a huge chance to win in 2008 by simply acting 'non-bush' due to people's growing disapproval of bush, but Obama shaped his own story and won with his own story, not by being a 'non-Bush democrat'. (just an example). I think in the same way Bitcoin will win with its own story, not because of a distrust in fiat, even if the comparison is inevitable.
@_date: 2014-12-22 15:06:42
Two reasons. One is that it's pretty hard to do something called 'proof of node'. It's pretty easy to game this. Whereas there's no known way of gaming a CPU-intensive algorithm, like trying random nonces to find a hash. Proof of work is easy, proof of node is not.
Secondly, proof of work is what secures the system. It creates the incentive to be honest and provides the timestamping system and prevents double-spending. That's crucial. And it's measurable. So that's what is rewarded.
As it is rewarded, you get competition for it. This increases the difficulty of mining, which increased the cost of mining, which makes cheating and double spending more and more risky (as your investments are large, and double-spending would destroy the value of your mining income), and makes it more and more difficult to control 51% of a very expensive operation. This is what provides a lot of security. Rewarding nodes is not just hard to do because they can't reliably be measured, but it also wouldn't provide the security that proof of work does.
Fortunately, running a node is relatively cheap and we have many more than we actually need. Given there are big optimizations coming, like pruning, headers first, invertible bloom filters, and given storage/network/cpu grows at roughly 50% per year (57x per decade), it's not really a big problem (imo) that nodes aren't rewarded. It's not something we can safely ignore completely, as we need quite a lot of nodes, but it's not the biggest problem as running a node appears very doable today, and very doable in the future, and we'll get many more if bitcoin adoption grows. It's just something to keep an eye on.
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:06:49
Yup... Hong Kong not being part of China was just a temporary thing, a blip in their history. They're really long-term. Just like how they see Taiwan as there's whether it'll take 30 or 100 years. It's pretty interesting.
As for the article, what the fuck did I just read? It was poorly written if anything..
@_date: 2014-09-30 22:35:29
So all items have been shipped last week and Paypal froze your account... why? I don't get what their response to the tracking info was. I understand it's a hassle, but if it's really disrupting your cash flow and sales as you say, then it's mission critical. But there doesn't seem to be any word on whether they're right or wrong, why they did what they did and why that was good or bad. I understand you need to rant, but if you want some thoughts, insights, help or indeed sympathy, well you've left me a bit curious! Paypal can be pretty shitty but merchant processing is their lifeblood, if all items have been shipped, they don't often go out of their way to screw merchants over.
@_date: 2014-12-07 15:46:58
I'd call the suicide hotline cause you'll otherwise always need more razors!
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:54:12
Faucets exists for things that have little/no value. The fact there's no faucet means it's succeeding.
Trust me, if bitcoin ever fails, me and a ton of other people will put up a faucet giving away thousands of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-05-16 11:28:42
WHOoop :D do that and let us know what his general thoughts are!!
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:08:16
No clue, it's a very archaic thing in Europe that's not really accepted anywhere anymore. It's very much a US thing with a few exceptions..
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:45:07
this is hilarious hahaha
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:51:05
Congrats you beat the average 9% remittance fee by almost 1%! :D
BitPesa is already doing some cool things in Kenya by the way at 3% fees and that's their start, they've said this rate can and will come down over time. No reason Zimbabwe can't follow at some point!
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:38:02
Some more thoughts and basic math on this here:
@_date: 2014-10-31 23:08:39
Great work from Stephen, definite step up from past speaking arrangements he's done.
@_date: 2014-10-15 23:31:23
I really don't see the difference, nor how it's disingenuous.
I mean is there anything you can actually identify that you wanted to do, but can't, given the limitations you see?
Obviously running function Start () {echo "Hello World";} on someone's computer by sending them bitcoin with that code is ridiculous.
I mean if you're dissapointed you can't take over someone's computer by running code on it by sending someone a fraction of a bitcoin, let's get real. What is the specific complaint here? Any usecase you're missing out on?
At the end of the day, the blockchain is a ledger of money. Each unit of money has an individual identifier, each unit of money is secured and unlocked by software, and can be sent according to any programmatic conditions using software. Each transaction can contain Script code, bitcoin's own scripting language. In fact, that's how transactions are validated before they are mined into the blockchain, its script is executed to verify the transaction. And beyond that, each transaction can carry a message payload.
Obviously the video showed an arbitrary piece of code as a visual effect. That's not disingenuous, it's common. If a computer attack is shown in a video, it's shown by some scary monster that's supposed to be the 'virus'. Of course it's not how it works, but to call it disingenuous is silly.
IF the actual point - that bitcoin provides programmable money - wasn't true, you'd be right, it'd be disingenuous. But it is true. Bitcoin offers for the first time, a currency AND payment system that runs completely natively in software and software alone, is completely digital, completely open and in no way proprietary. 
What can't you do in terms of programming with money using bitcoin and software?
@_date: 2014-09-30 11:15:23
I'll just leave this here:
Soon we'll see consumer interfaces for multi-sig that'll allow you to control your bitcoins through the Coinbase wallet UI, similarly to how greenaddress works for example.
Personally I really don't care if a third party holds some of my money. I keep about 95% in a cold paper wallet(s) and 5% on Circle/Coinbase. It's so much easier, faster, less of a hassle than running QT on my pc for example. With 2FA on my phone and insurance from MtGox like fuckups at Coinbase/Circle (for which they are insured) I feel quite comfortable to keep my hot wallet with them. But yeah, definitely keep my majority safe myself, and cold, but then I did spend hundreds of hours immersing into bitcoin, I can easily understand how this doesn't work for everyone.
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:24:10
Nice talk!
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:02:01
The thing is, Bitcoin is nothing without bitcoin the currency. If bitcoins have no value as a currency, there is no financial incentive for miners. This means in practice that there would be too few miners and too little network security, it would be trivial to do a 51% attack. So while I agree the protocol allows much more, it depends on bitcoin tokens having very substantial financial value.
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:13:57
Yes, it's completely pointless. To reiterate and add, Fiatleak:
* Counts trades, not fiat withdrawls. In other words, if you sell 1 bitcoin for $400, someone else buys 1 bitcoin for $400. There is no 'fiat leak' and the amount of bitcoin owned stays exactly the same.
* It counts all trades, including trades by bots. 
* Chinese exchanges virtually all have 0% trading fees meaning you can buy and sell 10 bitcoin a million times a day and end up with 10 bitcoin at the end of the day. In fact, you could buy your own bitcoin and sell it to yourself over and over again. High volume, but no price or ownership changes. Exchanges with high volume are seen as important and generally an exchange with 20% of volume is more trusted than an exchange with 0.2% of volume. It's well known that Chinese exchanges have large fake volumes, mostly due to bots that can create volume at no cost.
In other words, volume doesn't imply fiat leaking and most volume is fake in the first place. 
AKA the data is completely useless. 
If you could get a reasonable estimate as to how much of Chinese volume was actual trading, you'd have a better idea of volume but not of fiat leaking. If you could actually count fiat deposits and withdrawls, you'd get a better idea of how much fiat is actually going in to an exchange and staying there which can be seen as the net sum of how much fiat China puts into bitcoin. However, it appears China is clamping down on bitcoin because it circumvents capital controls, so it may be likely that the bitcoin is then sold at a US/EU exchange. As such, you'd then have to trace bitcoins from Chinese exchanges and see if they're sold in the short/medium term. These coins wouldn't really represent Chinese investor interest, but rather just capital-control evasion. In other words, it's pretty damn hard to get good data and good interpretations.
@_date: 2014-06-15 10:43:48
So what do they do now? Since they launched, say they took in $100k worth of bitcoin, that would now be worth 80-90k... unless they were able to immediately offload it, only that doesn't work on localbitcoins because you can't hook that up to some API where you auto-sell like on an exchange. I wonder how they do it right now without an electronic exchange. Perhaps they found a partner in a wealthy Kenyan who's willing to pay KES for bitcoins at average market rates, I don't know...
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:25:57
Let's not be smug. If someone asserts there is a security issue, I'd love for that person to explain it, rather than to try and find it myself, never being sure if whatever I do or don't find is the problem that person was asserting. Asking someone to clarify is not mutually exclusive to doing my own due dilligence. 
You know it's tiresome when you ask for a clarification out of genuine interest and you get people like you that feel the need to show everyone how stupid and silly everyone is with their money with sarcastic remarks. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 14:28:56
Ah Tim Draper only founded a $7b fund that's been in existance about 30 years. What does he know about investment?
@_date: 2014-04-26 16:46:13
Some things are technical terminology, some things are meant to be mainstream consumer products. They're completely different. I don't personally care what people call their products and for some niche groups certain 'shady' names are just fine. But it's pretty obvious there are some people trying to build mainstream products and call them names that mainstream audiences associate with untrustworthy, shady, complex, virtual, unsafe etc. I think it's a bit of a larger trend that doesn't really achieve some of the things people are trying to achieve. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:59:30
I haven't heard of many people say it's not scalable. But scalability is tricky because the network is distributed. This means that each node in the network is communicating with many other nodes, trying to build consensus within a limited period of time. That's tricky when you have tons of throughput on a limited bandwidth. 
It's quite a technical story though, not sure where you're at with your understanding. Perhaps ask something more specific. But in general, it's deemed a solvable problem, that's why so many people, especially some technology &amp; software legends like Marc Andreessen are investing tens of millions and eventually hundreds of millions in their own words. It requires various protocol changes that have to do with consensus and choosing which chain to mine, it has to do with network improvements, block compression, as well as ever improving technology for processing, networking and storage (moore's law, nielsen's law, kryder's law) and a whole range of interesting additional options like off-chain transactions, side chains etc.
For some numerical perspective:
Bitcoin currently does about 0.7 transactions per second (TPS). It can do about 7 TPS at most, as each transaction is a few hundred bytes, and they must fit into a 1 megabyte block every 10 minutes. Paypal does about 50 TPS and maxes at around 100 TPS for comparison.
Now, 1 megabyte per 10min is a bandwidth of 1.7 kb/s. That's quite little. For example at home I have a cheap and years old internet connection that does about 1000 kb/s of download speed. So obviously, there's a lot of room to scale without slowing down the network much.
And for a bit more perspective, internet speed grows at a rate of about 50% per year at the same cost. So in a decade (when bitcoin would start to become quite massive) we'd get 60x faster internet connections. So all in all, we could easily surpass Paypal's 100 TPS limit. Scaling to thousands of transactions per second is quite hard, it's not entirely sure yet how this would look and whether it'd even be necessary. (due to off-chain transactions and side chains) but that's another story.
@_date: 2015-06-18 19:12:46
No it's not stealing, it's not in spirit, it's not technically, it's not legally, it's not stealing, period.
Read this post: 
If your car gets towed away because of wrong parking, and there's nothing you can do in that moment, you still own the car. It's not being stolen, and you do get it back. Yet in that moment you have no control of that car. To call it theft is ridiculous. This is similar: the country is facing a humanitarian crisis, you can still access your money for your livelihood, your business, or a holiday, but in that moment (which may last 2-3 years) you may not have full control to withdraw $10m and flee the country. But it's still your money, it's not taken from you, and you will regain access to it. It's simply not theft. And it's done to protect the vast majority of people who will be deeply affected (pensions cut, unemployment, healthcare issues etc etc). 
You can still totally disagree with this plan by the way, that's totally fine and I appreciate people have different opinions on what is the best solution. (and I'm definitely skeptical of the Greek government, just as I am of e.g. Germany or France or the EU/IMF) 
It's fine if you're disagreeing with temporary limitations to access to your own money, I don't mind, I can easily imagine that and in virtually all cases I'm against such limitations. But to call it theft and say 'I'm against theft' is too simplistic and in essence simply wrong.
@_date: 2014-08-13 15:52:44
It's really sad that this is actually completely true, yet that they've raised over $15 million dollars despite this.
There's people who buy ether like someone buying 500 Android or Apple license so you can publish on their appstore. That's what ethers essentially are, a resource for developers.
And they're not going away, either. You can always buy them later. And given that so many of them are available they'll likely be quite cheap in the future, too.
In fact, Ethereum hasn't even been released yet. You can't get or use ethers. You can build ethereum projects as a developer however, completely for free, on the testnet. And once it goes live, you can buy the ethers you need.
Instead, we see thousands of people who haven't spent 15 minutes reading about the technicalities of this sale (or hell, the Ethereum team saying this is NOT an investment explicitly on their website) buy this shit in bulk.
It's ridiculous. And besides the fact it's not an investment it's also not a crowdfunding round anymore. They just started and raised $15m already. The bitcoin foundation which has financed most core development on bitcoin and the protocol spend about $1.5m a year today (with more developers than they ever had the past 5 years). The Ethereum team has already, not even a quarter-way through their crowdfunding, raised more money for development than was spent on bitcoin in half a decade times three.
And obviously they knew this. If you sell X ethers for Y price, you know that in the end you're left with a shit ton more money than you'll ever need to actually develop Ethereum. Which means it's also a pretty shady crowdfunding round if you ask me, and I'm not the only one.
For example: 
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:38:35
Strange... I recall having tried this before and it was fine. Very weird, what am I missing here... eh, I'll hope to get back to you on this one.
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:45:36
The orderbooks are a bit deceptive. They show placed orders, that's it.
Now I have no placed orders. But if I saw the price of bitcoin to go $1k, I'd probably sell a small percentage. If the price suddenly dumped to 5 cents, I'd definitely buy at least a few dollars worth ;)
The point is, a lot of trading activity will happen that's not on the orderbook. Particularly bots, many are active, and they're programmed to respond to the price, they act and settle immediately. Theoretically nothing could show up on the orderbook for more than milliseconds, yet billions of bitcoin could exchange hands per hour, as long as the trades are settled right away.
In other words, if wall street starts cleaning up the orderbook because there's a demand for 1 million bitcoins, the price will skyrocket and the orderbooks will flood with new supply.
So I don't really think the question is liquidity. Enough people with bitcoin have access to markets to supply liquidity. The problem is nobody is exerting enough demand to push the price to points where people are willing to supply liquidity. Maybe in 2015, we'll see.
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:35:24
Yup. That's pretty much why I'd give away $10 of Chinese Yuan and Korean Won because I won't be returning there anytime soon. It just doesn't have any utility (apart from sentimental/nostalgic) for me. But it doesn't really say anything about how valuable or strong or useful these currencies really are in their own respect.
But the cool thing is that merchant growth is about 10% per month and we're currently at about 80k merchants. That means we can have a few million merchants within a few short years. At that point you'll have an awesome and easy to use app for your phone, perhaps even apps like Circle or Gyft where it's not obvious you have bitcoin, but rather you just have sort of fiat-credits on your phone.
And suddenly the utility has massively increased while the 'hassle' has massively decreased. At that point, you'd be a fool to deny $5! :D
So I think it's a self-solving problem over time.
@_date: 2014-06-25 16:13:25
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:47:04
That's not a world of ASICs then :)
@_date: 2014-12-14 05:47:21
It's not that it's 'justified', it's simply that whatever price it is ($1 or $1000) will be such due to market forces (simple supply and demand). The 'justification' for a high price is that the market priced it at a high price.
That sounds like a cop out, but I say it merely to understand that the root of your question should be 'why would market forces drive the price up to $1k?'.
Well it's precisely because what your student said isn't really true. Yes bitcoin works about the same, but it's not as useful at a low price. 
Take our planet, for example. Trillions of dollars are exchanged daily ($5.000 billion on Forex alone), these are huge amounts. Now take a city like London and imagine $50 billion dollars exchanges hands there every day in sales of bread. (hypothetically). What if that had to happen with bitcoin? You couldn't do it, there's only about $5b of bitcoin in existence. So you'd need all the bakers to use $5b to buy wheat from farmers, and the farmers would take the money and pay $5b to the bakers for bread, and so on, until the money circulated so many times that you were able to support $50b of trade. The amount of times over this same money is spent is the velocity of money (in simple terms), and that has a limit.
Theoretically, you could support the entire world trade on 1 penny. You'd simply need to spend that penny tons and tons of times over every second. But obviously that is not possible, There are real practical limits to the velocity of money.
Which means that, if you want to support $50b in bitcoin trade daily today, the price of bitcoin would need to massively go up. And that's kind of how it works. If I wanted to pay someone a lot of money in bitcoin, I'd first have to buy it, and then I'd have to not sell it but hold it. And if I got paid in bitcoin, I'd want to hold on to that, too, until I had enough bitcoin to make that large payment. That, in essence, is me exerting a demand for bitcoin, while not supplying the market with any of my bitcoin. That's what drives up the price. If everyone wants to obtain bitcoin for making payments, and switches over from another currency, that's simple market demand which raises the price.
**So in short, here is a hypothetical example**: bitcoin like dollars are value tokens, to make it more abstract. Now say there is an economy with individual participants which want to move around 1 million value tokens worth of value every day, say to support daily trade in a local economy. Now suppose only say 10 thousand tokens exist, and each token can only be traded up to 10 times a day in this economy due to technical and cultural reasons. That means only 100 thousand tokens worth of value can be traded daily. Given the quantity theory of money and what we know about supply and demand, what will naturally happen over time is that each token will go up in value by 10x, so that now one can trade 1 million value tokens' worth with only 0.1 million value tokens of trade. Whereas the low-value tokens were not able to support a large amount of absolute trade every day, the high-value tokens could. And that's why a low price or a high price doesn't work 'equally as well'. 
This goes for dollars, too. Intuitively you know this, if we had only $3 billion worth of dollars in the US, then the average person only owned $10, and you'd know they'd be worth a LOT more in absolute terms if that was the only money available, $1 could probably buy you a house for example. It's simple supply and demand.
Anyway for a more academic explanation look into the quantity theory of money: 
So the underlying notion really is that people expect more and more trade to happen on the blockchain, and that this in turn will require a higher price of bitcoin which naturally happens due to market forces. For example, Bitpay processes close to half a billion dollars a year. Coinbase probably does a similar amount. If in 5 years they started processing $20 billion a year together, you'd expect the price of bitcoin to rise as that level of trade cannot be supported unless the velocity of money keeps on increasing, or the price. And velocity of money is actually relatively stable, it fluctuates a bit but it's not like it goes from 1 to 10 or 1 to 100. It goes from 1 to 1.2 or something. While price, that's the variable that will be much more flexible.
Similarly, if only $100 worth of pizza was bought and sold each day using bitcoin, then each bitcoin could be worth mere pennies to support this tiny economy and there'd be no natural demand to drive up the price any more. (which was the case years ago).
This whole notion is not much different from other types of networks. Bitcoin is a money network, but imagine we were talking about a logistics network: vehicles moving goods instead of bitcoins moving value. If we only had 21 million vehicles (like we have 21 bitcoins) to move X amount of goods (like we want to move X amount of money), and people wanted to move more and more goods (money), the trucks (bitcoins) would need to become bigger and bigger (more valuable) to accommodate this increasing demand for moving more goods (more value), unless trucks get super fast instead (velocity of money). But technically, the speed of trucks will always be limited, while the size of the truck (bitcoin's price), is (in the case of bitcoin at least, this doesn't work in the trucks analogy :p) able to grow. That's the idea.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2014-04-09 15:05:41
Check out coindesk.com. It's not the best beginner guide per se, but it's a great repository of Q&amp;A and FAQ where you'll probably find they cover many of the questions you're stuck with.
Other than that, community is a big thing. Feel free to ask anything about bitcoin in particular that you're struggling with. There's a first time for everything and everyone at one point knew 0 about bitcoin, it's a process and just interacting, asking questions and getting answers can sometimes help a lot more than reading articles that only partly cover your questions.
Feel free to private message me, too, if you ever need any help figuring something out.
Whatever you do, start small. Like a dollar can have 100 cents, a bitcoin can be divided into 100 million 'cents' which we call satoshis. That means you really really don't need to buy 1 bitcoin. You can buy 0.001 bitcoin, or ask someone to send you $1 or $0.1, and experiment with transactions, with private keys, with security and wallets. Then experiment with cold storage with small amounts of money. If you think bitcoin has a future and want to just invest for the long-term, set up cold storage and put a larger amount of money in and keep it there. Then put $10-100 into a hotwallet for everyday use, buy a Gyft card and buy stuff from Amazon, use bitcoin at Overstock to buy some things for your home or buy some food. Always start small. The things that make bitcoin cool also make it 'dangerous' at the moment.
edit: 
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:36:16
give me a break bro :p 
@_date: 2014-11-07 17:54:50
Cheapskate? You pay it then... It seems pretty obvious he's paying for someone to do some UI mock-up work for a free service to everyone else that won't make him any money. How that's cheap is beyond me, it's generous even if it was $10.
As for if it's enough? $200 per hour? Give me a break. You realize $200 is $8k per typical 40h week, or $32k per month or almost half a million per year. That's not a typical 'decent designer'. This is a small feature he's looking to build, there's about a billion UI designers in college or straight out of college who'd love to do a quick design job, hell even for free, you should know as well as anyone how many decent UI designers are just looking to build up their portfolios these days.
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:22:54
Really I'd just buy bitcoin. And other than that, if you dare, you could try to seed a few small bitcoin ventures. For example, if you contact the guy running greenaddress, I think he'd be quite willing to receive $10k from you for a share of his business. But it's all very risky. VCs are successful not just cause of the money, they have legal and financial teams, they have recruitment offices and connections, those often accelerate a startup as much as the money does, and those protect VCs from fraudulent companies or companies with weak business models.
The larger companies just can't spend time courting $5k or $10k investments. They'll have a seed or series a organized by a larger company and then you'll need to be accredited or have a certain net worth. If you can't match that, then you'll need to find small companies on your own and reach out and see if they're willing to sell part of the company to you. 
But remember, $10k just doesn't go a very long way. Most software companies need 2-3 people, at least 1-2 engineers who can often make $70k minimum a year (a senior software engineer in SV generally makes $150k-250k). So usually, these guys work for free from savings, $10k just isn't enough for them, nor to hire anyone else, and generally these guys can pretty easily raise $100k to do things like rent early office space, cost of acquiring customers budget etc. The only way $10k works is if crowdfunded where $1m is raised from 100 people, but that's not allowed. This is why kickstarter is technically a donation platform, it's not an investment platform.
Best bet though is bitcoin. Bitpay cannot grow by 1.000 fold without processing 1.000x as many transactions. And if that happens, then each bitcoin needs to go up in value too, only bitcoin captures not just bitpay's volume but everyone else's too. Just look at the quantity theory of money. A bitcoin investment really is a very good deal.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:41:45
New users are very sensitive (more than merchant adoption) to media cycles. We're at somewhat of a low-point right now. Lots of great fundamental work being done, but few controversial stories like a price bubble of 10x to 100x growth, a 500m loss of Mt. Gox, Silk Road getting busted, Wikileaks being boycotted by creditcard companies etc.
Mike Hearn showed a graph last week of blockchain.info's active android app users and the line was pretty flat for March, April and May. I think after the summer we'll see some big news again. 
But yeah I think we need to try to upvote this a bit more :)
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:12:23
I think so. What do you think a private node means? Once you have the private key, you can broadcast a transaction to the bitcoin network, circumventing any 'private nodes' (whatever that entails) and send the bitcoin to an address under your control. Bitcoins don't reside on individual nodes, they reside in the blockchain which is governed by consensus. The whole point of bitcoin is that everyone agrees on one version of the blockchain, you can't have a private node that has some blockchain with bitcoins that nobody can touch, it's not how it works.
@_date: 2014-02-24 17:58:37
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:40:56
I think they're pretty minor. It's possible to build on-top of bitcoin ways to truly send money anonymously and we can expect within a few years for those services to be pretty easy and quick to use. That could be dangerous, but it doesn't actually enable things that weren't happening years ago, and there's still on-ramps and off-ramps and many ways to battle this. But in return we gain much more, so I think it's a nice tradeoff, similar to e.g. the Internet which is an information network that criminals use, too, but the tradeoff is worth it.
@_date: 2014-12-11 17:41:21
Holy crap! That's some boss tipping!
$1 @_date: 2014-05-29 22:49:56
Europe here... (Dutch). Most packages are like that, I guess new ones are getting a bit more expensive slowly ($50) but it's all pretty cheap, still.
I remember when I studied in Canada though the rates of network type stuff were crazy. Like my mobile phone, holy shit, was not used to paying $90 just for a basic package. I mean I pay around $30 for minutes/text/internet of which I never use more than like 30% monthly, and I got an iphone 4 for free with it (almost 2 years ago now when that phone was still like $450 new here)
But I do tend to find and get good deals so I dunno :p
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:37:23
They don't 'charge' for a spread as their buy/sell price is the same. That is, you can buy at Coinbase (or from exchanges) and sell at Circle and they'd be losing money.
Bottom line, you can't match every other exchange and brokerage everywhere on the world instantly and always. Because they all have a slightly different price. But Circle is the only party who has the same buy/sell price, so they lose money if they tried to run a spread. 
If Circle's price is at a premium, you sell coin there at a premium, if it's a discount, you buy coin there at a discount. In every case, Circle loses money. So they're hell bent on reducing their spread as much as possible, it's not a profit mechanism.
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:19:24
This is absolutely pathetic. Look, for companies that are doing on-ramps and off-ramps, like Coinbase, the buy &amp; sell of bitcoin can be traced. Not many have a problem with that. Yes, it sucks, but hey that's the KYC/AML world we live in.
But this notion that simply turning on mining software for the first time (the creation of an altcoin) now requires a license? That's beyond ridiculous. Literally if you change 1 number on the open-source bitcoin code (e.g. change the block time from 10 to 9 minutes) and run this software, that's literally an altcoin, and you'd actually need to be registered.
Or this notion that bitcoin tipping of 10 cents, like this 100 bits, makes me a criminal, or makes changetip a criminal. Yes, because not me, but the recipient is in New York. And so now changetip, on an anonymous platform like reddit, has to ask its users for their real name and address, as well as send their fingerprints to the FBI and get a bond with the state etc etc. This is beyond silly.
But Benjamin, way to go... You say you want financial innovation, but you just legally prohibited companies from keeping profits in a manner that is financially innovative. Companies can't hold profits in bitcoin? What kind of a dictatorship-like thing is that? As long as they pay taxes in the dollars you require, their money is their money, and they can do with that money anything they want. It's THEIR profit. They can turn it into cars, eggs, gold, US treasury bonds or bitcoin and do whatever they want to do. 
I'm generally quite understanding of the role of government, even worked in government for short while, but this is absolute bullshit. 
I'm curious, who proposed these things. Were they internally decided? Were proposals made from entrenched companies. Were bitcoin companies involved in this process at all? It seems you announced this license, then pretty much disappeared, missed your own deadline, and suddenly slam this piece of innovation-stifling document on the table.
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:32:49
Sure I'll save your reddit account when the day comes (I'm betting on never but who knows).
The thing is, would you give me your private keys? Would everyone give me their private keys? I mean, it wouldn't be a bad system. Just trust me. I swear it'll work out okay. Of course, if I become dishonest, you can just switch to another coin.
Hopefully you can see that it doesn't work like that. Just because Ghash is honest, doesn't mean I'm comfortable with them holding e.g. 100% of the hashing power, allowing them to control who sends what amount of money when, as well as double-spend their own transactions, blacklist people they don't like, rate limit the network, extort users for quick transactions. It just doesn't work. And sure, miners could flee when this happens (although let's be fair, if GHASH structured things properly, it'd be quite hard to know who was double-spending, or if GHASH even had more than 50% of the hashing rate) but it'd cause a panic, damage could already be done, the price would fluctuate, people would lose money while others profit a lot. It's simply not a fair or balanced (ugh, Fox lol) system that I want to be a part of. Companies certainly don't like it, VC investments would drop out, no bank would want to come near, as a merchant I wouldn't accept it, and exchanges would have trouble continuing given they might one day wake up with an entire different blockchain where they hold no coins even after paying a lot of fiat for them, mainstream users wouldn't trust it, why should they? 90% hashpower in bitcoin would be ridiculous. I wouldn't want to be part of it, so sure I'd be happy to take your good price :) Let's hope we never have to trade!
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:00:33
Whoohoo :D 4x cheaper and a shitton faster, that's progress!
@_date: 2014-06-27 23:01:40
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:46:50
My thoughts exactly. This is introducing money into the HTTProtocol. Whether it's this implementation or a different one, this could change the entire web massively as well as the business models of tons of huge companies (including e.g. Google) away from advertising.
I usually try to shy away from hyperbole, but when this works smoothly, elegantly, in the background, it's massive.
A peak into the future indeed.
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:26:46
Again, it's about proving you gained money from licit work. That can't be that hard.
Can you not provide:
* a client's name (who did you work for)
* any contact details of said client (how did you communicate)
* a description of the work you did (what did you do)
* a link to a bitcoin transaction (when and how much did they pay you)
* any communication between you two at all
* any proof of your work, e.g. a software product you built, an app, a website, an algorithm
NONE of those? That sounds really shady to me. Every business is required to keep at least basic information for accounting. I have a small business and I record and account for every payment I receive, with a description of my client and the work I delivered to him, as well as a record of all my business expenses. That's basic practice.
I mean, how do you file your taxes? How do you resolve communication with your clients? How do you work on your projects and store them?
@_date: 2014-09-14 01:41:51
Ah, yes indeed. Bitcoin is completely dependent on the final ability to keep private keys secure. But it's not much different from pretty much securing anything of value. e.g. email is partially useless without the ability to keep login details secure. An online bank account or a creditcard is wholly useless without the ability to keep login details to online banking or creditcard details secure. Car ownership is pretty useless without the ability to keep keys secure. You're completely right about that. With bitcoin it's definitely more so the case, e.g. when car keys can easily be replicated and stolen, we don't consider ownership to have changed, a car could be more easily found and according to e.g. an ID number, can be linked back to the original rightful owner, even if the locks on the car were changed. With bitcoin, we suppose that once a private key is stolen, the bitcoins are, too, and there's no real way to reclaim them. That's why some don't believe bitcoin will be something all consumers will use directly. Rather, it'll be a protocol used by professional parties with security experts on-board (like a bank or payment processor) who then offer financial services to their clients, without requiring them to use bitcoin (or indeed know anything about security of private keys) directly, besides a group of people who do use bitcoin directly and who bear the responsibility of securing their private keys. Time will tell.
However, bitcoin's design is such that it may be a little bit easier by design to secure. As I mentioned earlier, within the analogy of a signature stamp, one can send money without ever showing anyone or letting anyone touch, see or use the signature stamp. That's different from e.g. a creditcard, whose details are generally shared with whoever you're paying, so that they can use it to make a charge on your account for that payment. 
In addition to this, there are some great forays into what's known as secure hardware elements. This is essentially a piece of hardware e.g. on your smartphone, which holds precious data like a private key, which can't be tampered with by malware or hackers, and is accessible through something linked to your identity. The fingerprint scanner on new smartphones like the latest apple iphone 6 which lets you pay using your fingerprint, stores creditcard details on such a piece of hardware. This has been generally pretty difficult to do for cheap consumer devices, but it'll be pretty standard soon, at which point securing private keys gets much easier to do, too, for a regular person.
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:43:12
Yeah it's pretty weird. Let's remember Coindesk was started by Shakil who invested in Bitpay. He's a big bitcoin proponent and he said he wanted to set up Coindesk not as a business, but just to fill a gap because there was nothing close to decent reporting on Crypto. So sure, they want to grow it and get visits, but they're not a company that lives on pushing clickbait as if it was a new picture of Kim Kardashian's ass, and it's also clearly a company started by a bitcoin proponent.
Pretty weird. It is indeed just a really shitty article with very dubious sources that are likely fake.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:52:29
hear hear
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:01:32
For me inherent to the assumption of mass adoption to the extent bitcoin is used throughout the supply chain is the assumption of a massively larger market cap. (e.g. 100b+ or even 1trillion+) At these rates, you won't get any massive daily volatility anymore. Don't forget, daily volatility is already below 2% average, if that can become 2% monthly, then that's a better deal than paying 2-3% more fees using fiat.
Hedging will also arrive. Of course, this isn't free, but at least it removes risk and replaces it with a much more fixed cost. Between a deep bitcoin market and hedging products, I'd expect the systemic costs of volatility to drop below the systemic cost savings of using bitcoin versus other payment systems.
One interesting thing to note is that payments actually happen fairly slowly in the business world. Paying invoices in 15, 30 or even 90 days is quite common. There are a number of reasons. One is the time value of money in corporate finance. (e.g. in short, despite inflation, money today is generally worth more than money tomorrow due to in simple terms the notion that capital creates more capital). The other is simply the administrative burden. Both are solved by bitcoin to some extent. The first because bitcoin can reduce fees by 1-3% which beats any risk free rate by far and secondly become bitcoin is programmable money, payments can be fully automated and bitcoin can easily be integrated into ERP packages like SAP, as well as similar services for SMEs. There is no other reason other than liquidity to slow down payments, but again, sourcing liquidity for 15-30 days is cheaper than forgoing your opportunity cost of using bitcoin and saving 1-3% in fees over the same period.
Would be interested in others' perspectives, particularly those with a serious background in corporate finance, accounting, treasury or logistics.
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:54:22
Well it was actually rejected because there was no disclosure of who made the donation. This is necessary because if not it's trivially easy for a billionaire to anonymously fund and buy an election. Requiring public disclosure makes this a little harder.
It's not about bitcoin it's about the lack of disclosure.
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:17:09
1600 euros is slightly over 50% above average in the Netherlands. You either live in an above average house, above average location or pay off above averagely fast!
@_date: 2014-05-25 14:25:10
Find me another payment processor that comes close to the figures Coinbase and Bitpay do (both companies have $100m valuations and about 40k merchants attached to them, and *all* of the biggest bitcoin-accepting merchants process payments through them)
Also, both are worldwide companies. Coinbase has a US focus, but its wallet and merchants are open to the world. I have a Coinbase wallet for example. Bitpay has multiple offices in different countries, its European offices are in the city I live in, and Bitpay has about 30% of its merchants in Europe actually.
So a 90% figure is probably realistic. The amount of merchants that take bitcoin without either of those two payment processors is very small. 
But really, it's besides the point. Let's say I'm wrong by a large margin, let's say Coinbase and Bitpay only process 50% of payments each. That's still very little and I took that into account already. Bitpay has said they process a little over 1m in payments daily (up from e.g. 2.5m in March 2013, for example) and they purely focus on merchant payments, unlike Coinbase, they have almost twice as big a team as Coinbase and they have a higher valuation than Coinbase and have been in business for a year longer than Coinbase. So it's likely Coinbase processes fewer payments, but let's be optimistic and say they process the same amount. That's maybe 2m-2.5m. So if both of them processed only half of all payments, it's still only about 5m, my original estimated figure.
Which pales in comparison to Paypal's 400m. That's the point, we can debate the exact numbers but we're talking about a difference of two orders of magnitude, aka 100x. That means 'Bitcoin set to overtake Paypal in 2014' is absolutely ridiculous. Maybe in 2020, but 2014? It makes us look stupid if we put out crap like this, it's laughable.


I'm born, raised and living in Europe, travelled to 4 continents in the past few years alone, lived and studied in 4 different countries, my parents are from two different continents, I speak multiple languages. Yes I'm very much aware there's other places than the US (a country I've only visited as a tourist)
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:19:04
I agree, they're the same value, I disagree that it's no more silly to use something with half a dozen leading zeros that nobody has ever been familiar with as a daily currency, versus something that that costs say 1000 satoshis for a sandwich, something that lots of people are familiar with (e.g. 1000 yen is about $9). These numbers make sense for people.
You may disagree, but just look at the facts. There have been lots of reports now of people who didn't understand that there was less than 1 bitcoin, or were discouraged by the notion that buying 0.05 of something felt pretty useless.
Surprise, humans are not robotic rational actors. Decades of seeing prices stated as €5.99 instead of €6 should have made that amply clear (especially in places like most of Europe where prices are rounded to the nearest 5c, i.e. they'll actually charge you €6, instead of 5.99) 
Perception really matters, and I disagree that it's just as silly to see a sandwich go for 1000 XBT than 0.00001 bitcoin or whatever example you want to make.
And again, it just gets sillier and sillier, as a 100x price increase just gets you two extra leading zeros that make no sense to most people on this planet.
It's for the same reason we sell potatos by the kilo. So you might buy two kilos of potatoes. But when talking about diamonds, we don't say '0.02 kg of diamond'. We say two grams. 
We've been doing this for centuries, it's in our culture, it's a human thing not to work with tons of leading zeros, why would you argue it's not silly to suddenly start now for no reason when our culture has shown a strong preference not to?
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:28:25
This 21 million units for 7 billion people illustration is incorrect. It's like counting dollar units in $100 bills, which isn't the smallest a dollar can go.
The smallest unit of a bitcoin is a satoshi, 1/100 millionth of a bitcoin. In other words, there are actually 2100 trillion units of bitcoin for 7 billion people. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:08:51
Awesome, kudos and much love. Hope to see these things start to sell from stock soon!
@_date: 2014-12-28 08:08:54
I think this is fantastic, interested to see how this works out.
Of course it is bs that they banned bitcoin, the two ought to compete with one another. If consumers prefer this system over bitcoin, so be it, who are we to force bitcoin on to anyone? But now they're forcing you not to use bitcoin, which is silly.
But outside of the bitcoin ban, this is an exciting project. Looking forward to seeing the results for 2015.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:25:53
Indeed. Another thing that was mentioned, also in a recent other talk, was that most bitcoin companies currently rely on bitcoins appreciation to fund part of their operations. This sounded pretty crazy to me and I had figured some must have been doing it. 
So when Bitpay does a transaction and there is 20% volatility in that day, the merchant pays 0% for that risk because he's paid out in dollars at the spot price at the time of sale. That means Bitpay always has to have currency stock available and carry the risk itself which in no way it can pay out of its 1% max fees it has right now. Now we've finally heard some confirmation that companies can do this because of expectations that in the long run, bitcoin appreciates. In fact, Neo &amp; Bee have bitcoin appreciation as part of their main revenue stream in their business plan, which is crazy to me. This can't go on forever of course, it remains to be seen if these businesses can be competitive without that factor (which might last quite long).
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:28:00
"I like Kraken. I'd never keep my funds there"
Imagine you buy some gold at a local gold shop. You pay, you get the gold. Do you leave it there? No. Same for Kraken. Users (like those at Mt. Gox) would be far better off using Mt. Gox to buy/sell bitcoin, then withdraw their funds and remove their exposure. Most people don't daytrade, so you don't need to keep your funds there. That's all I meant.
"Anyone can proclaim anything."
I agree, but there's a difference between a company, on its website, stating in great detail its plausible security measures, and a company that provides answers that are not plausible through proxy, only when pressed for months. There's no guarantee Kraken does what it says it does, but it's more likely they do, would you agree?
Yet, your point stands, there is no proof. I welcome anyone to contact Kraken (I will be doing this myself, too) to provide proof. For example, they could sign their funds on the blockchain, verifying they own them.
"That's right. I did and I proclaim you a worthless shill peddler."
Based on what? I checked your comments and you're for gun ownership. Does that give me reason to believe you're a shill for the NRA? Of course not. You look really angry at me for posting a company's security measures. I guess anyone posting anything positive about any company means they're their shill, and anyone posting anything negative about any company means they're a shill for its competition, even if you have no evidence at all. Again, you're a joke.
"You mean should I trust a site that proclaims things but doesn't provide any evidence for them?"
No, you don't need to trust them, that's why I said I never leave my funds there longer than I need to, nor recommend you or anyone else to. 
If you're concerned about the trustworthiness of proclaimed security measures, contact them to provide evidence. They have plenty of ways to. I for one will. 
As for your bashing of Powell, I don't know the guy and can't speak for him. I don't even know if he's good friends with Mark. I do know however that I don't believe in guilt by association. You're guilty if you're complicit, you're not guilty for merely being a friend of someone. Jesse has stated in 2012 that he thought Gox was insolvent and withdrew his funds. He never returned. He never believed in Gox again. He never vouched for them at all?
As for Ver, I even know less about this guy other than that he's pretty much everywhere. I'm not going to defend him. But again, guilt by association? That makes every company fucked up, right? Like Bitpay where Ver is an invester? One of the awesome companies putting bitcoin into the mainstream.
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:41:01
Might've misread/miscalculated, let me know if you find the flaw in my reasoning!
Got my info from here. 
(example CPU in that thread is from 2011 and in the $200 range back then. Should be a bunch cheaper now)
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:19:20
How does it differ? Kraken does a cryptographic proof of solvency, too as far as I know. Only it's performed by an external (hopefully independent) party as opposed to VoS.
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:19:25
umm, because that would be illegal... Look up laws for non-bank money transmitters, keeping 100% custodial reserves are a legal obligation. You need a banking license to do fractional reserve.
@_date: 2014-07-07 15:23:57
recycled, sure. They're made of materials you can recycle.
Reused, not really. Bitcoin mining uses SHA256, which is a pretty useless algorithm in such quantities. i.e. my 3 year old phone can do a million SHA256 hashes per minute easily. So if you're not mining, it's pretty useless because in your every day use a typical user might use software that does a SHA256 hash a few times a week at most. In other words, apart from bitcoin mining, my phone could do all the SHA256 calculations for the entire planet. So if you're not mining, it's essentially a brick.
@_date: 2014-04-20 19:32:25
Check the hash of the armory download. e.g. there were some tampered Ethereum packages available for download that weren't made by the Ethereum devs. If you check the hash, you know it's the correct software.
@_date: 2014-05-28 15:18:29
Eh, this is news that's half a year old... Bitpay has stated 100m back in 2013, December I believe.
Back in March they said they process more than $1m a day (360m per year)
And their growth rates are about 10% per month (3x per year), all these numbers check out.
They're probably close to $300m, probably in July/August.
@_date: 2014-06-18 23:53:26
You can assume this exchange doesn't hold nearly 10% of all bitcoins on it ;)
it's eight hundred something bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:44:46
Yeah sorry that was a stupid post of mine. I tend to quickly argue semantics which is pretty silly.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:23:11
Example of my other comment:
It's essentially getting VC money to build a platform. These companies have a burn rate of about 1-2m a year or so on average, so this allows them to scale to multiple offices and a team of 10-20 people and not make money for years. It'll monetize later.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:22:13
Nah. Cyprus has 800k people, much less if you exclude the very young and very old. That's it. The entire country has 1/25th of the population of a few cities I've been to (Shanghai, Beijing). It's pretty damn easy to run an ad campaign for 500k people. 
Online ads for example cost about $1 per 1000 impressions. TV/Magazine etc isn't far off, and those are Western rates. You can reach the entire country of Cyprus multiple times over with $20-30k pretty easily.
But they raised more than 10 million in capital. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:53:20
Gavin is definitely a senior software engineer. This is a guy from Princeton who started in Silicon Valley and has worked in computer science for over 25 years. You become senior after about 10. He's the type of guy who can easily do CTO roles, which he has had, and I guess you could call that his role at bitcoin too if you were to use corporate analogies. A CTO gets paid even more. And he doesn't even consider him to be the best programmer on the team, none of the core paid developers are juniors.
And I think the core devs like Gavin and Jeff are definitely full-time.
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:23:00
Banning means that no company in the US is allowed to accept bitcoin. You can be rest assured that there won't be a single registered company who will accept bitcoin, they'll be arrested, funds frozen and the company closed down.
Banning it means nobody in the US is allowed to own bitcoin. You can be rest assured nobody is going to get Bitcoin for the sake of convenience and circumventing 2-3% transaction fees and faster transactions when they risk 100% of their funds being taken and going to jail and getting extra fines if they are discovered.
Bitcoin cannot survive as any meaningful currency if it does not have legal clearance. When something is made illegal, the only parties that deliver service are illegal companies who cannot be trusted. When you're illegally downloading a movie and the uploader gets arrested/closed down, that's okay, you have no risk. But when a Bitcoin service gets shut down because its illegal, you may lose all your Bitcoin. The risk/reward of illegally using Bitcoin is very different from the risk/reward from illegally pirating media content for example.
I don't think Bitcoin can meaningfully exist if it's illegal. Fortunately, I don't see that happening. Similarly to how 3d printers are now able to print weapons and there is a big discussion on possibly banning them, they won't be, because they will revolutionize manufacturing and already they're being used to print human organs saving lives. Every revolutionary technology is feared but in the end we manage to shape our culture and regulations to suit it into our society in a way that benefits us more than it hurts us. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 21:07:23
The recipients of open letters often receive such letters because they knowlingly and willingly did something harmful and by doing it did not care.
For example, BP might be a company that causes massive pollution, and by spending a tiny fraction of a percent of its revenues to sponsor some clean-energy vehicle competitions at a university (a big marketing opportunity for their Human Resources) it feels justified to plaster its 'green initiatives' all over its brand. 
They knowingly and willingly are trying to mislead people to believe a massively polluting company has a greener face than it has. (it's called greenwashing). So sending a letter to them will do no good, because the content of the letter is not news to *them*. However, it may be news to *others*. And that's what an open letter is for. When you said 'sometimes used as a shaming mechanism', yes, it is, and pretty often it's one of the best ways an individual can bring about change.
Does that mean that open letters are always 'good/correct', of course not. But it's ridiculous to wonder why open letters are used, isn't it? There are many examples of open letters that brought about important change, look them up, it takes seconds. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:49:10
Just curious if there's any reason you want to know.
I'm curious myself to know who he is, but there's no actual reason to care with regards to bitcoin.
In the same way Newton's law of gravitation would be correct whether he was known or anonymous, whether he was a saint or a rapist.
The invention is there for anyone to use regardless who he is.
@_date: 2014-09-29 12:15:24
Longer than the earth would exist I'd easily reckon.
For example: 0.01*2^160 / 1000000000 / 60 / 60 / 24 / 365 / 1000
That's 1% of all addresses, divided by generating 1 billion addresses per second for a millennium (1000 years). 
The number that comes out is 463439130000000000000000000. That's the amount of millenniums you'd need to wait at that speed. Our solar system won't be around anywhere nearly as long. In fact that's trillions of times longer than our entire universe has existed.
Mind you no computer can generate 1 billion addresses per second. To generate a full address with private keys requires elliptic curve cryptography, which takes about 2ms. So you could get about 500 keys per second, not 1 billion. If you'd just generate addresses, you'd get a few hundred thousand at most, again nothing close to a billion.
Why do you ask? 
@_date: 2014-03-20 13:24:29
Sort of. I think this is an important metric but it depends on the timing and quality.
In terms of timing, VC's have said this about bitcoin: in the first 5 years, VC investments probably were a bad idea because simply investing in bitcoins themselves would be a much better idea. (both in terms of making money and because an appreciating bitcoin value incentivizes everything else: miners providing network security, speculators buying bitcoin, less volatility, users wanting to spend valuable coins, services wanting to incurr a percentage fee of a growing market etc). 
And secondly, quality. The key characteristic of VC is that they invest in risky things. It matters a lot if an ex-google/fb/internet-protocol investor comes in, those are generally quality investments who understand risks and actually see and understand the fundamentals, not just the growth metrics. (e.g. Flappy Bird has insane growth metrics but crap fundamentals in the long term, some VCs invest in those weak type of companies). So far the investments in bitcoin seem to be high quality and timed very well. It's very reassuring.
@_date: 2014-06-09 13:40:21
Dropbox isn't considered safe, so you must use Dropbox as if it was a public place to store information (like a telephone book). If your encryption is good enough, it's fine, if not, don't use Dropbox!
@_date: 2014-06-05 23:18:05
I knew someone would say this, but no, not at all. I still hang out with my friends from highschool from a decade ago, and I don't pay for their company. Sure I have expenses while I fucking live in their company, I still need to pay for lunch and dinner or for a movie I want to watch, with or without their company. But I don't actually hand them over cash in return for them to let me through the door and hang out or have a conversation. I don't pay my girlfriend at night to fuck or spoon or make breakfast, that's the weird thing about it, I can't imagine paying for intimacy in any form.
@_date: 2014-05-10 08:59:34
Awesome! Partyparty
@_date: 2014-05-13 11:02:10
Absolutely, they can either pay any employees willing to take bitcoin in bitcoin, or convert it to e.g. US dollars instantly.
@_date: 2014-08-24 15:42:47


Unlikely, they've very strongly branded themselves as a SaaS company. It's not really heard of to go down a road like that and announce free use, and then later remove that model. They charge for enterprise-level functionality, but the basic notion of sending bitcoin around is something I expect them to keep free, for sure. I'll grant you that there's no guarantee of this, it could very well change, but I challenge that it wouldn't be crazy, it would be given the way they've presented and branded themselves, the way they talk about SaaS and this move. 


That's the thing, I don't see a future in which we will all spend the majority of our money through unknown suppliers. Look, most shopping I do is at the local grocery store, or at a place like Amazon or a shop like Overstock. I'd buy my laptop from Dell, not from some unknown brand retailer. And the fact is that Dell is much more at risk from chargebacks, than I am from Dell not sending my product. Trust is definitely an issue, but it's an issue that's non-existant in a lot of consumer behavior, again, you have no reason to mistrust Dell if I have no power to chargeback. In fact, I can HONESTLY say I've NEVER ever charged back a transaction, ever, and I'm an adult with a business. 
So the fact is, in a LOT of consumer behavior, a lack of chargeback ability is not an issue.
In fact, as a citizen of the Netherlands I can vouch for this, as we use a system called iDeal for the majority of our online ecommerce. This system has no chargebacks, and it's cheap. It's basically bitcoin but centralized. It's extremely popular, everyone uses it, and a lack of chargebacks is not even remotely a topic of discussion.
Now I'll grant there are situations in which chargebacks are handy, but guess what, it makes much more sense to have businesses step in and cover that risk and charge some percentage extra and combining it with online identity/reputation systems on that, than to cover ALL of the other trusted transactions with the ability to chargeback, allowing consumers like me to create en masse online identities and chargeback fraudulently, hurt merchants, who will have to offset these expenses to other honest consumers like you. That's a silly system. Sure, if you want to shop at a website that's untrusted, who provides no company address, is not a registered company, is not certified by an ecommerce consumer-protection bureau etc etc, then sure on that purchase it makes sense if there's a company that offers a chargeback services, like an intermediary like Paypal. But don't assume that's applicable to all, or even anywhere close to the majority of business.


I agree, some will! Some will indeed pay x% to mitigate their risk to buy from a shady seller. But I won't be using this insurance services when buying from Dell to buy a laptop, because it's a stupid and unnecessary chargeback insurance for this 30-yo company. That's the beauty.
And again, this entire discussion has NOTHING to do with chargebacks. You keep talking about them, but the 3% I pay to Paypal aren't all about chargebacks. I pay them when I send money to my friend. I pay them when I send money to my own account or my dad without any product involved or a merchant/consumer relationship. I pay the fees when I do currency conversion at the most horrible spread one can expect in a 21st century financial system. If a consumer charges back fraudulently, that's just an extra cost on top of that, it means I've got 0 money and shipped a product, meaning my prices have to go up for all to safeguard my necessary profit. 
We now have a system where those who trust a merchant can pay the merchant without paying for a processor, and without paying for chargeback insurance. That doesn't mean nobody will want chargeback insurance for untrusted merchants, but let them pay for it, then. If I pay Dell in a way that I can't defraud Dell, I don't want to pay extra because Dell has calculated in some extra dollars because others pay Dell in a way they can, and do defraud Dell. We now have a system that can reward honest consumers and honest merchants, and put a direct price (through a chargeback insurance product, like Paypal can offer) on shady merchants and consumers who wish to pay in a way that leaves the merchant open to fraud. It's the way forward.


No, I agree nobody does. But the plight of the merchant affects prices. If the merchant says 'my marketing stinks, can you like this on FB and I'll give you a 10% discount?' everyone suddenly cares about the merchants marketing plight. 
In the same way, if Dell saves $30 fees on a $1k laptop ONLY if I pay with bitcoin and says 'therefore I'll give you $15', I'll definitely pay with bitcoin if I have bitcoin. And looking at services like Circle that offer free, instant, insured purchase of bitcoin, and looking at services like Bitreserve that can lock in the price of bitcoin (both companies built by veteran silicon valley entrepreneurs), then yes, that makes a lot of sense. It means I can get a $15 discount, instantly, for free, without volatility risk, without risk of identity theft etc. And that's just sharing the cost savings from using Paypal, if Dell also shared the cost-savings of reduced fraud rates from fraudulent chargebacks (separate thing) then it'd be an even better deal and yes I'd care indirectly for the merchant's plight.
@_date: 2014-05-26 13:13:36
Interesting... That's about 16 hours. What if they made it 3 days and communicated this actively. I doubt anyone would want to participate in 51% attack risk if that were the case.
Has this ever been discussed?
Thanks for your post! :)
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:08:17
Great to see. Bitpay is doing solid work. It's one of the few companies that's intimately involved with the protocol, Bitpay actually pays Jeff Garzik to work on the open-source protocol fulltime. It also does a lot of API development and builds lots of open-source developer tools that its competitors could use.
They also hire a lot of good people. 33 employees now, just having opened a European HQ, with plans to grow to 100 within the year. That's great stuff, they have big ambitions. It's very impressive compared to most exchanges, ATMs and wallet companies which usually have teams of 3-8 plus a few part-time contractors. BitPay is really blowing up and seems to combine keen business practices with development of the open-source protocol and extra developer tools. Oh, and all on 2.7m in funding so far out of Atlanta.
Very impressed by this company.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:44:42
Yes. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 23:56:14
I posted this earlier:
Let's be clear here, we know a few things to be definitely true. 
* 1) Danny, the CEO, has stated himself he ran out of money. At the same time we have his prospectus/business plan and platforms on which N&amp;B shares are traded that show he raised 10 million in capital. Again, he states they ran out of money.
* 2) Danny himself said he will be stepping down and not returning to Cyprus or Neo &amp; Bee
* 3) Danny was unavailable for contact. This was confirmed by multiple individuals, investors, the media, and people like you and me on reddit &amp; bitcointalk where Danny used to be active. Posting daily updates is not expected, but when you leave the country after the business fails to service 1 single customer and investors are asking 'what's up', you can't simply disappear to all these people for two weeks.
* 4) Danny has written a prospectus showing 3 scenarios. A 12%, a 80% and a %400+ bitcoin price increase in 2014. In the first scenario where bitcoin increases by 12%, they lost 0.5 million between Feb and August. This scenario didn't pan out, because in the first two months of operation, bitcoin lost about 50% of its value, meaning they're incurring HUGE losses.
* 5) When Danny left the country initially (before threats to his daughter were ever made), he said he left because he ran out of money and was looking for investors. Despite this, *nobody* knew about this. His colleagues, advisors (e.g. Andreas), the media nor his investors knew. Which is strange. A man looks for investors and does this by disappearing for two weeks and not telling his previous investors he is looking for investors.
These things are all either coming directly from Danny the CEO or the business plan he wrote. 
Most of these problems occured *before* any threats were made to his daughter. 
So while I sympathize with anyone who receives threats (even though 99% of the people running any company will receive threats at some point), his story doesn't check out and is extremely worrying even before any threats were made.
@_date: 2014-06-30 19:17:14
Agreed. Bitcoin is currently being looked at by the government to be treated as money. Given that it's a completely licit asset with no inherent victims, no status of any illegality, the bank is de facto choosing which legal and harmless assets its customers can buy and which it can't, which sounds completely ridiculous and may have legal underpinnings. 
For example, there's a strong case to be made that spending money is a form of freedom of speech. And the right to property is a recognized human right in some jurisdictions and bodies of law. For a party or sector that holds a monopoly status on providing legal-tender money transmittion to stand in the way of that right might also have consequences.
In any case I wouldn't make a big fuss but I'd definitely ask to speak with the branch manager regardless of their decision to not reverse their decision in any case. Quite often they're quite willing. If you listen to some talks by company CEOs like Coinbase's Brian Armstrong you'll hear they spent about 1 year full-time just talking to banks and trying to comfort them and educate them, consistently repeating the same questions over and over again. That's a process. Don't be surprised if people think 90% of bitcoin is pretty much buying drugs and porn on the Silk Road. That's something a lot of people still think and given that context, it's not strange to expect a conservative bank to wash its hands off of it. A 15 minute conversation with a well-dressed man who's been a customer for a decade showing their iphone app and ordering takeaway with bitcoin, and pointing to the US Marshals selling bitcoin (obviously not illegal or whatever) and some bank colleagues looking in to it, and big VC investors putting money in to it, goes a REALLY long way. And you can cover that in 15 minutes without the tech story.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:05:05
I hear ya, I've had a Coinbase wallet with 0 funds for half a year now. Got most on paper wallets and some on blockchain.info. 
It's just my preference. But I'd be comfortable with Coinbase, too. 
Their security is really tight. They screen employees, do mult-sig on all cold-storage, encrypt cold-storage, hot wallets, encrypt the harddrives their employees use, encrypt user passwords, train employees against social engineering, pay people for discovering security holes, hire security experts to test and review their stuff. And then they offer their users 2FA and run everything over SSL.
And a little known fact, they also have insurance. It's not for all funds as they're securing huge amounts at the moment unlike e.g. Xapo, so they don't want to announce until it's all fully insured. But they've got some and are working on more. They're really very impressive.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:31:57
I'll try to reiterate. Let's say bitcoins are a store of value, like gold. Gold appreciates in value, prices of products and services go down relative to gold. Bitcoin can be exactly the same and be deflationary and act as a store of value that appreciates over time.
Now as a currency, that's generally bad. (and one of the reasons why I don't necessarily see bitcoin as a viable currency at this point). But again, I'm saying bitcoin is more of that. It can be deflationary, yet act as a store of value. It can be deflationary, yet single satoshis (a millionth of a cent) can be used in the protocol for stocks, voting, smart property, smart contracts etc. It doesn't matter if bitcoin deflates over time for any of these non-currency applications to work just fine.
In other words, you can't argue against bitcoin and say it's useless or shit knowing the impact of deflation because it's only a factor in a more complex discussion. If you understand bitcoin more, you understand it's more than a currency, and that's the entire point: you can't just look at one thing 'deflation' and say bitcoin has no future because of that characteristic.
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:47:44
You actually teach compound interest (or exponential growth in general) in college? I had this in school when I was 14...
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:07:00
Well there's been PhDs looking at this, loads of academic papers written about it, everyone (commercial) hacker worth his salt been trying to break it because it'd be a goldmine, billion dollar companies (e.g. Dish, Expedia, Newegg) accepting it and companies with hundreds of millions of dollar valuations built on top of it (Coinbase/Bitpay both ~150m valuations) etc. So by all means, it's sound, someone else probably could explain this in a second.
But yeah pretty weird.
If you're a programmer, feel free to build a small app and use the testnet. You can use a testnet faucet and get some free fake testnet bitcoins and play around creating private keys, deriving the public key and then the public address, creating and signing transactions as well as broadcasting transactions.
If you like javascript / nodejs, try bitcore, for example. There's also quite a few java and python libraries, and the core client of course is c++.
So if you'd like you can jump in on testnet with no risk. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 15:37:08


There are about a dozen or so APIs that you can query for data from the last to the first bitcoin block. 
For example, at the time of writing the last bitcoin block is 331439. You can use the blockchain.info API to query that block like so:
You can then just check the size value. You could write a program to check the average block size for the past month in 10 minutes.
If you don't know how to program you'd just need to use a block explorer and go through them one by one to get a sample.
Anyway the 7 TPS is a bit old. You don't actually get x TPS, you get 1 MB and you used to be able to fit about 7 TPS into that. But say you (hypothetically) take $10k and send 10k people $1, that's one transaction, but it's loads of data as you're putting the bitcoin addresses of 10 thousand people in that transaction. Now that we have large companies like Coinbase or Circle or a large exchange, we can expect a bigger share of single transactions to be pooled together into one bitcoin transaction with many outputs. As such it's reasonable to assume or explain why transaction data got bigger, and why we can fit fewer than 7 TPS into 1 MB block.
All in all it's not very relevant as the 1 MB is probably set to change in 2015 anyway together with pruning, bloom filters etc, to allow much bigger volumes of transactions.
Hope that helps.
@_date: 2014-06-22 23:17:31
haha I'm not sure buddy, I'm just rehashing stuff I've heard but I don't know what the treshold is exactly. Wifi is certainly not inherently bad though. Check out some node statistics, a lot of nodes get about 1-2gb of traffic daily (with spikes). Given it's pretty easy to get an average of 8mbits/s these days, that's 3.6gb per hour of download speed for example, so covering 2gb per 24 hours isn't a big deal.
Sso the network speed doesn't actually have to be all that great, just not crap. And people should especially consider their upload speed which is often a measly 1 mbit/s or so. If you do other stuff and it's clogged, plus on wifi, that may just be 30 kb/s, and when there's a spike, that's not a great speed, but probably still fine.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:18:48
I think he'll say it within the next few years but not in the context of 'The US is seriously looking a bitcoin' but rather at something like the white house press dinner or something. (in jest)
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:30:42
Here's 1 answer Try bitstamp, local bitcoins, mycelium local trades :)
@_date: 2014-10-09 22:17:35


Yup! One guy basically asked him twice in a row 'so to get this clear, your argument is that it's possible to be anonymous, but the good outweighs the bad'. And instead of starting with 'no', he just said 'my argument is xyz' and none of that refuted it.
I think at that point he should have said that bitcoin isn't anonymous, that, like email, it gives consumer protection in the form of privacy, but that with enough resources, the likes authorities have when fighting organized crime, it'd quite possible to detect identities and use it to incriminate criminals, as has been discussed in various academic papers.
Because you can bet that they'll parrot that in their report virtually as fact (with him as a source, but still). Now they'll report 'bitcoin guru acknowledged the risks of anonymity on the network, but feels bitcoin's potential is worth the risk of crime'. And that's not a very nice picture to paint.
He did mention that bitcoin didn't stop people time and time again from getting arrested at another. I guess perhaps he wanted to make sure not to mention the silk road so as not to put the discussion on that or things like mt. gox front and center. But he could've easily used that as an example, and that the proceeds were actually seized and already auctioned off, in a move showcasing authorities's powers aren't negated by bitcoin necessarily, and that authorities legitimized it by auctioning off something obviously not illegal or shady.


Absolutely, I agree. That was a pretty wonderful piece on how there are currently customers who neither have protection of bitcoin's math-based rules of law, nor the banking system's (e.g. FDIC) regulatory oversight, in the form of most wallets. So, regulate Coinbase, sure, but not blockchain.info or Armory, like NYDFS wants to do. He also mentioned exceptions for small amounts, changetip is centralized, but with an average tip of 10 cents, why regulate it like a bank. I think regulators are amenable to such reason.
@_date: 2014-12-03 00:50:41
That's not changing his mind. That's like saying 'if X succeeds, then investing in X will reap a reward'. It's not actually an opinion, it's little more than reasoning from basic logic.
He took the basic logic (if X succeeds, then investing in X will reap a reward) and quantified it (a very large reward).
So he pretty much just implied it's an all or nothing type of investment, nothing more nothing less. That's a pretty conservative thing to say, really, not at all in conflict with thinking bitcoin sucks.
Looking forward to when he actually changes his mind, just for fun, as I can hardly take his opinion seriously given how he went about his reasoning in the past.
@_date: 2014-04-22 19:43:33
Firstly, they're obviously not extortion. I'm consistently surprised at how easily people throw around big words without considering their meaning.
Secondly, yes, 2% is no fun if the fund loses half its value, nor are 0.1% or 0% fees for that matter. The point is that this is a risky asset which could possibly go to 0 or appreciate by 10, 100 or 1000 times. A 2% fee is entirely suitable for investors looking for such an investment asset. It doesn't matter what the fund does, it matters what the fund potentially does. A US treasury bill will barely deliver beyond the inflation rate and will take centuries to appreciate by 5x in real value, let alone 100x, as such a 2% fee is ridiculous, but if a treasury bill could be worth 100x its money in twelve months from now (even if the outcome is not certain) a 2% is not unfitting and likening it to extortion is laughable. Ask yourself how many of those $50m will take your extortion comments seriously while they banked 280% since September.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:20:05
Check this out by the way:
I have my doubts as to whether that one will work out, but it's a good indication that in a few years stuff like this would be pretty common.
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:27:20
Sure, good news definitely causes some new buying, but again, almost all bitcoin spending at large retailers is cashed out (aka all these coins that are spent are actually sold at an exchange by bitpay/coinbase) and 11.11% new coins are being created this year, so for the coming few years even without any speculation the price of bitcoin should mostly drop. The fact that it goes up or stays stable means there is positive speculation.
@_date: 2014-10-06 11:47:58
My guess has been Q1 2015 for a long time. That still seems pretty likely. We've also heard reports of 'after the summer', especially for SecondMarket's exchange listing (not NASDAQ, a smaller one) as well as SM's online exchange, all of which would feed into their security product.
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:13:47
I think a lot of people would be indifferent. I mean, most people hold no opinion and give bitcoin no thought whatsoever. For anti-bitcoiners, I think some might do it, but I think most people still wouldn't really care to because putting up any significant amount of money generally requires some understanding of what you're betting for or betting against. 
I suspect most anti-bitcoiners will hate on bitcoin because it's so easy (e.g. Mt. Gox, how easy is it to point and laugh) but if they had to bet their money against it, they'd probably feel the need to spend some time investigating it and finding it's not that simple. (e.g. Mt. Gox was actually trading off-chain bitcoin IOUs, it didn't use the bitcoin protocol for exchanging value and didn't use any of the protocol functionality like cold-storage, multi-signature fail safes or cryptographic auditing. In other words, Mt. Gox was an example of a centralized trusted service failing, while bitcoin offers decentralized trustless systems.)
So, I think most will still be indifferent. For example, if there was some new pre-mined scrappy alt-coin out there that you could reliable short, I'd rather just go with bitcoin and focus on my personal life, girlfriend, friends, family, work, even though theoretically it'd be a good financial opportunity to short it. Some opportunities people just tend not to care about. (but I'd be fine hating on this altcoin on reddit, just so little effort). 
As for what the likely outcome would be if people shorted in en masse, it could actually become a self-fulfilling prophecy. After all, if a lot of people short, they're actually borrowing bitcoin and selling them on the market, depressing the price. This price reduction will confirm shorting speculators in their expectations and the prospect of shorting might increase due to the price dropping, causing a snowball effect. Anyway, it's all theory, these things are always hard to predict, but self-fulfilling prophecies are very much a part of markets that's for sure.
@_date: 2014-09-13 14:11:24
No worries :)
The quickest way to explain it for someone who doesn't want to bother with the technicalities and trusts that PhDs working in cryptography for 50 years have that part covered, is this:
A private key really is just this:
A digital signature stamp.
Bitcoins reside in the blockchain in addresses. Each address is actually the public part that is derived from the private part: the private key. So simply said, each bitcoin is found at an address (like money in a bank account, or email at an email address) which has an associated private key.
Now back to the image. A private key really is just a digital signature stamp. To send money, we take an address that's ours with some bitcoin in it, and then say 'I want to send this to this other address', and then use the signature stamp (the private key) associated with that address to prove we have ownership of those bitcoins.
As such, the signature proves ownership of an address that has bitcoin in it as seen in the blockchain (the public ledger). 
If anyone ever sees the stamp or gets their hands on one, it can be freely copied (it's digital after all). But, when you stamp your signature on a transaction-message, people can only verify it's the signature linked to a bitcoin address. There is absolutely no way to create a stamp from that signature, or to forge that signature. (look into public-key cryptography why this is so.)
Within the analogy of the signature stamp, we don't need to keep that stamp online to sign messages. We can keep it in a drawer, in a safety deposit box in a bank, we can bury it 10 feet below, or indeed simply memorize it. 
This is different from for example, a creditcard. The numbers on your creditcard need to be actually given up to make a payment. i.e. you'd need to actually give a business your stamp, and then they can send money to themselves from your account (through what is known as a pull transaction). With bitcoin, you never need to give away your stamp, you simply send money by stamping a transaction, which is known as a push transaction. The difference is quite important. 
The big security hurdle is to let people very easily keep their private keys to sign transactions (which have to be broadcasted online at some point). The best and most user-friendly way right now is the Trezor which is an awesome secure device that's easy to use, too, but it's not something we expect people to pay $100 for and take with them everyday to pay for groceries for example. Hardware manufacturers are currently working on 'secure elements' on e.g. mobile phones, which is for example where Apple saves your fingerprint and your creditcard information, combined with fingerprint or voice verification to access your private key. At that point it becomes easy to securely pay using e.g. your phone.
@_date: 2014-04-25 10:01:52
Not many, but even if many did, who cares? Bitcoin (like cash) isn't really used very much to pay your neighbour or some random guy on the street. It's used between customers and merchants. And no merchant will accept bitcoin if it's criminalized. And even if they did, BitPay or Coinbase wouldn't exist. You'd have this highly illegal, highly volatile risky currency with no service providers or payment processors. To merchants that's just a joke, nobody's interested in taking such risk. It's like auroracoin, it doesn't work even if everyone has it if merchants don't accept it.
Anyway I don't expect this to be a big problem. Most OECD countries will welcome bitcoin. Other countries, perhaps not, given their capital controls are extremely fragile. Look at Morocco for example, it has called its reserves of foreign currency an 'oxygen bubble' as it doesn't have any natural resources and has to buy its energy with foreign reserves. Meanwhile they have a diaspora with billions of funds in Morocco who want to move it to their new country of residence. Their capital controls are extremely important to them and bitcoin messes that up. That's a problem in China, too. But in the long-run, these things are relaxed.
@_date: 2014-04-08 15:08:55
People need to understand that even if e.g. Coinbase was never vulnerable, it's very likely that some old forum you used 4 years back with the same password was. They get your email, your password from there. Then they can go to the Coinbase API, check if your email is in the database, then flag this address. They can completely automate this process for tens of thousands of stolen passwords and login to the ones their scripts flag.
In other words, change your passwords. (and in general, change them every now and then and use different passwords for different places.)
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:13:14
A wallet can have any amount of private keys. A wallet is actually just a 'keychain', a collection of private keys which are used to unlock bitcoins associated with those keys when trying to send them. It's basically like you have any amount (ten, ten thousand or ten billion) virtual vaults holding bitcoin (the blockchain is sort of a ledger of these virtual vaults), and the private keys are the keys to those vaults. You store the keys in a wallet (which again isn't the best technical word, it's technically a keychain). When you want to send money you simply choose one or multiple of those virtual vaults and use your key to unlock them, to send them to another virtual vault.
The public key is derived from the private key, and the public address is derived in turn from the public key. The public key isn't something users tend to see or use much, users focus on the private key and the address, the public key is just something inbetween for computers to handle. So the public key and public address usually get mixed up as if they were the same, they're technically not but you could sort of consider them the same if you don't care about the technicalities. 
@_date: 2014-04-22 16:48:03
That's ridiculous. Again, bitcoin is a highly risky investment choice, 2% is nothing. We're not talking about treasury bills that may give you a 2% that'd lose you money if you have 2% fees + inflation. We're talking about a VC-type investment that can appreciate by an order of magnitude or more. In 2013 everyone would've gladly paid 2% to see $1m appreciate to $100m as investors in bitcoin did, without having to deal with exchanges like Mt. Gox, and without changing any of their accounting &amp; auditing processes given they were buying securities, not bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:05:07
If you're saying bitcoin is useless because it's deflationary and fundamentally all currencies are not supposed to be deflationary then you obviously make the same mistake as others make which is that bitcoin is more than a currency.
@_date: 2014-11-26 17:25:02
In this case they seem to have revised an earlier decision they made to start generating revenue when they had no funds, to not generate revenue after they had received venture funding to last them two years.
Which makes a lot of sense. Note they didn't full out say 'we're going free' like Bitpay's bold move to do an indefinite 0% payment processing fee for anyone. Generating fees is still on the table, it just doesn't make sense to try to squeeze tens of thousands of users if you have VC funds to try to grow to a few million users over the next few years and then reconsider fees again.
Changetip isn't currently making users a product as they seem to run on VC money and 0 revenues. 
But otherwise agree with your statement on the odds, it's usually like that. Just think it's a bit misleading to imply changetip is doing this when everything indicates they're not.
@_date: 2014-06-18 21:55:13
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:37:38
Isn't this kind of scary? Imagine Coinbase couldn't source bitcoins from exchanges at the spot price, but simply had to incur the huge volatility risk? Obviously, ATM fees go up by a lot because they now have to cover for downward volatility.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:53:15
Good question, let's cover a few scenarios.
* A, you pay at a store with bitcoin, e.g. for a cup of coffee. The risk that you pay and they don't perform service and refuse to pay back is similar to you paying with cash and them doing the same. It virtually never happens because if a store does this a few times, the owner probably gets his ass kicked, it'll be sued and the store will go out of business for having a reputation of defrauding customers. 
* B, same scenario but online. Take a company like Amazon, they just simply won't do this. The notion that a large company denies getting paid just doesn't exist, you get sued, lose a customer (very valuable, look into customer lifetime value. For example, a typical neighbourhood supermarket gains about $10k per household per year in revenue. Losing a customer over something small like not replacing over-date food without a receipt will save you $50 cents of profit and cost you $200k over a 20 year span this family shops at your supermarket). Unknown webshops could actually do this, but it's already happening today. It's not much different. A webshop has a 'checkout', you pay with bitcoin to their address, save the record of this happening (with evidence in the blockchain) and if they don't ship, you report them to the police. They'll have an office address, an IP, a domain registrar, they're registered with the chamber of commerce as a business with their identity and location, they've got suppliers etc. There's lots of vectors to hold them accountable and the proof of your payment is in the blockchain. And again, it's not in the interest of a business to get sued, get legal issues, lose customers and eventually go bankrupt because they're defrauding customers in the short-term.
In short, it's not really an issue anymore than it is today. Of course, it is important to verify who you're paying. If you find an online shop you've never heard of, check to see if they actually have an office, check online if they actually have a reputation, check how long they've been in business, if they're registered anywhere. Generally you'll not have to do any of this, as a company like Overstock where you can pay with bitcoin has 100000x more to lose than to gain from not shipping after payment.
Lastly, an ecosystem emerges to provide more accountability. If you pay with a mastercard to a defrauding merchant, mastercard can freeze the funds they processed for them. Coinbase or Bitpay can do exactly the same thing, they've got tens of thousands of merchants who have verified identities and businesses. They can be blacklisted, have their funds frozen and be removed and reported to the authorities if they keep on being reported by customers. (They both do online and in-store payment solutions btw)
@_date: 2014-06-25 07:00:53
I've been saying this for weeks. It's hella obvious.
Just look at this chart:
Then look at this chart:
They have an inverse correlation that is causal, too. 
As the difficulty goes up, a GH/S becomes less valuable. That's just logical. A GH/S is just a share of the total GH/S rate. The total hashrate generates 25 BTC/10 minutes, so if the total rate increases then each individual GH/S makes less BTC/Time. It's that simple.
So if you look at the cex.io price chart, GH/S lost 20x its value in 8 months, as expected. Then suddenly it stabilized and rose in price, despite each GH/S continuously becoming less valuable.
Obviously that means people are buying. And if the price rises, more people buy because they can not only make money on their principal (sell for more than they buy), but they can also mine for free as long as they can at least sell for as much as they bought for. This buy-pressure increases the price even more, keeping this 'free mining' illusion in place.
Meanwhile though, the differential between the REAL value of a GH/S and the cex.io price keeps widening. At some point a GH/S mines so little that people sell, and when people sell, other people see they can't mine for free and also sell.
The price then drops as a fucking rock. This will happen soon. It's a bit of a ponzi now, don't like the word but it is. If you bought in early, like 1-2 months ago, you could mine for free, at the expense of people who buy late (allowing the early adopters to sell their GH/S at a similar price they initially bought it for.) while the late adopters are paying for extremely overpriced GH/S that'll soon drop like a rock in price. That's a typical ponzi, the late transfer their wealth to the early, and everyone loses a little bit as it's a less-than zero-sum game (due to overpriced GH/S + mining + pool fee).
Anyone who is buying cex.io in the coming 3 months is an idiot. Anyone who bought the last 2 months got lucky and I'd recommend selling your way overpriced GH/S asap and take your profits and run.
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:39:02
Depends on the court of course, if they even acknowledge the blockchain as evidence. Right now that'd be hard to get the police to understand, but in the future if bitcoin takes off, then yes, technically, sort of yes. The reason is that one can only double-spend a tx to which he has the private keys.
So if XYZ has private key ABC, and XYZ sends you money from ABC, and then it's double spent, then you know that someone who owns the key ABC did it, it can't be anyone else.
So that means at least XYZ is a suspect of double spending. 
The reason I said 'sort of' is this. It couuuuld be that multiple people know the key, so the first tx made by one person might be completely honest, while the second unbeknownst to him, is made by another person. But that's rare. 
Because if it's a stranger who knew the private key, he'd just steal the money right away, not wait to see a transaction and then double-spend it just to fuck that person over with a fraud-charge, he'd rather just anonymously steal the money. In other words, someone random is more likely to choose to steal your money than to take access to the money just to try make you look bad. There's in other words an economic incentive not to prank you.
And if it's not a stranger (e.g. a girlfriend/boyfriend share a wallet) then it was just a mistake and they'd pay the merchant, if not you'd charge both with fraud and they'd figure it out between themselves, in any case they're still liable to pay you back. But this too would be a pretty rare issue.
Anyway I don't even think it's going to become important. It's probable that merchants will use a payment processor who shields them from double-spending risk. And there's various solutions to double-spending that are sufficient for things like ecommerce or retail and are way less of a burden than interchange fees + chargeback risks.
@_date: 2014-11-29 21:22:23


What do you think reasonable is? Something that you can reason to happen. That doesn't mean it will happen for sure. So it's reasonable to say that if you get a college degree that you'll make a bit more money than if you didn't. That doesn't mean it'll happen for sure, or that anybody knows it'll happen for sure, just that it's a reasonable scenario to see someone make a bit more money if he gets a degree than if he doesn't.
@_date: 2014-09-21 10:31:23


True, but without context this is obviously written to scare people with no familiarity with bitcoin. It's like telling an alien from Mars 'water is the leading cause of drowning', he'd obviously conclude water is quite dangerous and to be avoided. But anyone who is familiar with water knows this is silly.


Oh good, a PSA. I agree. Oh wait, only for bs reasons:


That's obviously not true, as I can and have indeed bought bitcoins face to face, using no online system at all. I merely created a private key offline and had someone send me bitcoin, and I paid him. At no point was I at risk of 'online security' issues, in fact there's nothing online about it. That purchase and storage of bitcoin is no more online than if I had bought a loaf of bread.


Lacking regulation? Again, not true. Bitcoin is regulated just fine, in fact, the regulations say that it's completely legal like any other currencies, and subject to similar or even stricter AML regulation as e.g. the dollar is. 


Tell me one thing that can't... Tell me that the dollar isn't used to pay for illegal activity every second of every day. It's like saying pizza is a particularly dangerous not-to-be-eaten food, because you can choke on it, without missing the obvious point that pizza is absolutely not unique in this respect. The only solution would be not to eat ANY food or use ANY currency anymore. Laughable.


Oh god, is this written by a two-year old? Same as above, there's almost nothing in this world that has a 'fixed value', except items in World of Warcraft. Every currency, product, stock, has a fluctuating value. But interestingly, as bitcoins are fungible and can be traded on a global digital marketplace from anywhere on the planet instantly, it's unique in that its value is extremely extremely similar in every place on earth, contrary to the value of various products or even some currencies in some places. So not only is it no different from anything else in that it's not fixed in value, but it's MUCH easier to quote the price of bitcoin as it's so transparent and global.


It's fine to have a low-risk approach to investment as a firm. No issues with that philosophy. But to say the one is driven by speculation and the other isn't, is obviously nonsense. Is this investment firm really claiming that their investments are 100% deterministic, predictable, certain outcomes, without ANY regard for even opportunity costs? That their investment in STOCKS has no level of speculation on the performance of those companies? Absolutely laughable.
What's that joneslink stuff at the end?
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:12:27
You're an idiot.
@_date: 2014-06-18 21:53:59
they're working on it, merchandise, too.
@_date: 2014-04-24 22:04:15
Awesome :)
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:36:08
Yup, created a new address for this one.
And indeed I sent the 0.00258111 (a dollar at the time)
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:10:21
Really wish I could've sold him a short-option. lol
@_date: 2014-04-03 23:49:39
Cost savings versus creditcard payments, no risk of fraud and extra business / marketing, and a chance to pioneer something that can lead to much bigger non-currency applications down the line.
Please tell us more about your business and we can say more. For example, what are typical profit margins in your industry?
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:07:39
That's not salting...
5 words out of a list of 1656 is 'only' 54 bits of entropy. Plenty for Gmail or Facebook, but those are rate-limited and salted by them. For a bitcoin private key, I'd recommend anything above 100 bits of entropy.
What your password is doesn't really matter as long as it has enough entropy and is truly random. For example, flipping 100 coins and writing down the sequence is an extremely good form of a password. You can be rest assured that nobody will ever flip the same sequence in the rest of history. As in, if you tried flipping a trillion coins for a trillion years, you'd never get the same sequence of 100 coin tosses ever again)
Check out diceware.com if you want to use dice for creating a password consisting of english words. 8 words or so will do.
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:25:00
It's a good question, I think it's too early to tell. For Netscape, of course they contributed SO much to the early web ecosystem. So even if they fade, they still put a huge mark on internet history in a very positive way, akin to great humans like Gandhi who at some point die, does that matter?
You might say that Circle may just be the more advanced company. Netscape was there really as the very first, a bit like Mt.Gox or Bitstamp. In terms of a consumer finance company, Coinbase was first. Circle is, relative to the mainstream early, but relative to bitcoin pretty late. 
Anyway to your question... At the moment they're trying to build something novel which is basically Google Wallet/Paypal but much faster and much cheaper across the board, on the basis of bitcoin. They don't consider themselves a bitcoin company, but rather just a company built on bitcoin, which I find interesting as it very much feels like a problem found a solution in bitcoin, rather than someone saying 'let's apply bitcoin to everything' and coming up with Circle. In the bitcoin space what they do is very novel. Instant deposits / withdrawals, which means two things. 1) they take the time-risk, as in when you wire $100, they get it 2 days later, but you get it 2 seconds later in bitcoin. And 2) when you chargeback, that's a problem for them, as bitcoin can't be charged back once they let you spend it. Combine that with the fact they charge 0 fees, not even in the spread they've said explicitly, means they're cash flow negative by default (paying employees etc with zero revenues), plus take additional risk on every transaction. So they're obviously taking $25m and burning through millions building a platform that can be monetized. (like Facebook who had near zero revenues for the better part of a decade, now makes more than a billion in ads.) That means they probably have some interesting products planned at some point.
I'm a bit scared that they might create a big headache though. They want to go instant+free, that's great, it's basically like how email and skype is now free after centuries of paying to send mail and make phone calls. But because there's no bitcoin economy there'll have to be on-ramps and off-ramps to an archaic fiat system, and there's tons of fraud and risk there which means it's very hard to get a product to be truly free. And for something used by millions, you can't do manual processing, so you need algorithms that detect fraud and block transactions. That means you'll get some people on forums within the year yelling 'they blocked by transaction and now I have to call them or send them my ID or verify this and that'. And that sucks. So I'm curious to how they'll manage this. But they're essentially proposing fiat currency in digital form as free and instant as email, and that's extremely novel, even though extremely basic, too.
@_date: 2014-04-17 11:54:27
Why would this have anything to do with bitcoin? Someone leaving a country worth $30b, and investing among a million other things, a fraction of his net worth into bitcoin, not personally, but through his fund which doesn't even state it in their portfolio because it's such an insignificant investment.
He's got 30.000m of worth. Yet, reports say that a total of $2.7m was invested into Bitpay by a group of at least a dozen different investors, including him. Mind you, $2m had already been raised in the seed round which he didn't seem to be part of. In other words, he seems to have invested a fraction of 0.7m, through a fund of which he is a part of, as someone who has 30.000m net worth.
To say he cashed in of bitcoin, cashed out of China, is so extremely misleading. It implies he bet all his money on bitcoin, which is now the miracle investment that China had been since deng xiaoping.
@_date: 2014-07-06 11:50:56
Looks really awesome
@_date: 2014-08-08 18:16:40
Such as?
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:19:45
In virtually every developed country smartphone penetration is &gt; 50%. In other words, half of all people could use bitcoin, that's plenty. In my country it's about 75%. Given that you eat on probably average with 3 people, the chance that nobody has a smartphone is less than 2%.
And virtually all business owners either have or could have a smartphone, and they're much cheaper than traditional POS systems that are quite expensive.
So, definitely not for everyone, but definitely enough for plenty. No barrier to entry, here.
@_date: 2014-08-13 22:07:18
Its pretty huge, thats 5% of profits from bitcoin within the first year for a huge company. Consider that for a second.
Which makes sense as when you have thin profit margins, a few percent savings can double your profit on that sale. Then take away fraud n chargeback expenses and a bitcoin sale is a lot more powerful than a cc sale on your bottom line.
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:12:27
The blocks are needed for proof of work. You couldn't do proof of work with a series of transactions because the proof of work means you need to prove that you've done some work (e.g. 10 minutes of computation time.)
As for finding a block, recz explained it quite well... basically look into hash functions. You input some data and it outputs a seemingly random (yet, deterministic) message.
So say it can output one of 2 characters, A,B and the output is 5 characters. You get something like ABBBA if you enter '1'. If you enter '2' you get AABAA, if you enter 3 you get 'AAAAB' or whatever. Basically, finding a block means entering 1 and then 2 and then 3 (called the nonce) and finding a certain result (e.g. an output starting with BBB). Of course, the output is tens of characters long and can have tens of different characters (hexadecimal), and as you can't predict the outcome of a hashing function, you need millions of tries before you get e.g. an output that starts with say 5 zeros. As more people try to 'find' blocks, the amount of zero's required to be found increases, thus it takes longer, but as more people try to find it, it always balances out at around 10 minutes to find a block (which is to say, to find the specific nonce or input message to correspond to the specific output message with a certain number of zeros leading)
@_date: 2014-12-16 22:31:55
Sweet! Great move. 
@_date: 2014-04-22 19:29:56
Not sure who the 'we' are you're speaking of. But I think the majority of people would rather see supervision/prohibition of trades of e.g. stolen identities, medical records, child pornography, slaves etc. These are the 'illegal trades' I'm referring to. I think it's quite naive to say these things should be able to be traded anonymously without punishment. The fact that there is a market for humans for example (i.e. profit from trade of humans) is a reason why human trafficking happens on such a large scale. But I'd be happy to hear why you think otherwise.
@_date: 2014-07-05 13:35:58
Awesome effort mate! :D
@_date: 2014-06-29 19:30:40
No you're not careful about what you say. Blockchain wallet creation didn't plateau at all, it grows by about 100k a month and is now probably at around 1.8m, give or take.
What he showed was a chart of daily active users. That's a completely different and much more important number. And that plateaued, and then he explained how there wasn't any change in the software that could explain it, thus it's a decent proxy for the ecosystem and is likely not very different from what other wallets are experiencing.
@_date: 2014-06-04 23:28:49
Come on, be comprehensive. The link says in the first paragraph:


Translated: The bank has cancelled the blockade already and it was an accidental blacklist issue that's been fixed.
In other words, misleading title.
@_date: 2014-07-29 10:29:30
What do you mean? Analyze the blockchain for the past 24H, you'll see a tx fee average of 9.8c per transaction.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:45:55


Hahaha. Indeed, this is why I'm pretty excited about Circle. It's receiving a lot of flack for centralisation and all, but that's fine with me as long as it's built ontop of a permissionless open system that one can withdraw bitcoins to and fall back on. I'm curious to see what Circle's impact will be, especially with the instant and free deposit/withdrawals, that's pretty slick.
I'm also cautiously optimistic they might be able to get an iphone app working at some point. After all, every bank and companies like Paypal or Gift can do mobile payments, why not bitcoin? I think it's mostly a compliance/risk type thing, and Circle will probably be able to give Apple a lot of assurance on this front. (given their US legal compliance, ability to restrict the app to certain countries, the full and free insurance on bitcoin and given Jeremy is a pretty big figure in the industry and his company worked with Apple quite a lot in the past).
Anyway we'll see :)
@_date: 2014-04-18 21:21:26
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:24:48
This. And secondly I don't think bitcoin causes any illicit ripples unless it also causes massive positive ripples. In other words, if there is some danger of ML, it's a price to be paid for improving finance in many ways. 
Look at the Internet, criminals can use it to plan illicit activity, can communicate, could even exchange money today. But everyone acknowledges that the internet is such a positive force that it's okay.
Same with 3d printers. It can be used to print weapons to take a life, but it's much more commonly used to e.g. print human tissue to save a life, or revolutionize manufacturing.
So there may be some dangers but I think it looks like the US doesn't want to throw the baby with the bathwater.
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:55:17
lol... it's pretty embarrassing :-/ I'm pretty close to selling all my bitcoin and not returning because this just isn't taken seriously at all... You can do 51% attacks at 40-45% too, just not very reliably, and at 40-50% it's easy to get a bit more hashpower outside of your pool and get a majority of all blocks.
It's like someone just found the keys to our money vaults and just because he hasn't stolen anything, everyone is sort of comfortable with it... that loses my faith in bitcoin more than any future scaling/economics/political problem
@_date: 2014-04-22 08:47:33
I don't think this distinction is that popular. A more common one is 'zero or a lot', referring to the price and significant. Which is a bit like saying either it becomes Myspace or Facebook, it's not meant to literally be zero or a lot. It's based on this notion that an open, programmable, permissionless system (like the internet), will generally thrive, unless it's killed by regulation, unless it simply sucks, or unless something significantly better comes along. If that doesn't happen, it's likely it will blow up and become hugely important. (but not to replace fiat currencies, that's a different discussion)
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:29:25
They're not. They accumulated as much this week as last week and the week before and all the weeks before that, give or take 5-10%.
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:16:12
Point? Can you elaborate? I'd say it's rather confusing as point can't at all be replaced by coin and make sense. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 23:22:10
Rome wasn't built in a day man. It's like saying we shouldn't use 'dumb dollars' today, we should encourage all companies to just stop accepting dollars. It's an extreme notion. Circle is a great intermediary in the transition from fiat to crypto, and at some point, if crypto truly is better in the long run, Circle too will be disintermediated and made redundant. But that doesn't mean it serves no purpose the coming years. I'm excited about Circle because nobody I know would touch bitcoin without a company like it. Doesn't mean I'll use it.
@_date: 2014-03-19 19:52:49
This thread is the reason andreas is actively fighting sexism and woman-bashing in the cryptocommunity.
@_date: 2014-08-04 11:44:03
There are deeper technical security reasons for this that aren't trivial to explain. If you're interested look into things like public key cryptography and if you dig it, feel free to ask more specific things and we'll answer. 
But in short, there's no reason we can't have short addresses linked to longer addresses. For example, I'll send you 100 bits of bitcoin right now. I didn't need your address, I just sent it to your reddit username. But in the background, there's a company called change tip which links your reddit account to a long address on the blockchain. (not exactly like that, but to simplify it). I could also send you bitcoin to your phone, your email, your facebook, that's all possible.
But underneath all that, there have to be these long weird addresses. But most customers don't ever have to see them.
For example if you go to  in your browser, you go to the new york times. But because we have a company called a DNS, we can just type in nyt.com and get the same page. Underneath the nyt.com we actually go to the long weird random looking number called an IP address, but nobody really uses those directly. Bitcoin is the same, only you have much longer addresses, but we don't NEED to use those directly if we don't want to, we can use a simplification, but underneath it all, the real address remains.
@_date: 2014-08-20 13:38:31
It seems to bother you...
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:43:06
Any word from Xapo on this? The TOS is definitely contradictory and does not specifically refer to the insurance product when defining the clause to its liability (which is a liability not of Xapo by the way but of a third party company that operates independently by law, despite having similar owners.) I've seen judges throw TOS clauses like these in the garbage for less. 
As such I'd want to hear from Xapo to clarify the TOS before making a judgement.
Also, you mentioned Circle, is there any source for that?
Thanks for pointing this out so far!
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:26:59
That's completely the opposite impression I've had from the developers.... actually very little protocol development, partly because it's so difficult and controversial and loaded, partly because the protocol ought to stay pretty simple (complexity can invite loopholes, more strain on the network etc) and partly because they completely recognize how cautious they have to be. (often compared to maintaining / improving the engine of an airplane in full flight)
@_date: 2014-04-19 13:37:38
Yeah I wonder. I'd definitely but a month of gold if I could use bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-14 08:59:19
That's silly man. First of all, it's not a random person, it's the person who accidentally dropped the fucking coin there (together with a note on where to return it and who he is.)
Secondly, the coin was then found by a person who saw this note, and he only had to return it, effortlessly, without any real cost to himself, just by pressing a button. He didn't have to pay this out of his own pocket, he only needed to return what he doesn't have any right to have, an accidentally thrown away coin.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:48:35
Ughhhhh just stoooop. I love bitcoin, hold it, trust it. But please. We don't need this shit.
Another one of those shit things to say is this:
"In 1985 nobody thought the email was gonna be xyz. In 1990, nobody thought internet was gonna be xyz. Everyone laughed at it and denounced it."
That's not an argument for bitcoin any more as it is an argument for the 1.000 failed startups this year that people laughed at and actually didn't make it at all cause they were shit.
When did 'people not believing in /hating on something' become one of the main reasons why it's awesome? This is beyond ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-12-03 21:27:05
If anyone is wondering whether centralization can be dangerous, wonder no more!
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:43:06
Belong to me? I'm not sure if I'd use those words. I am me, I don't belong to me.
Authority simply means someone has influence over you and your actions. We live in a society where, if e.g. ownership of something is criminalized and you own it, there are parties that can physically take you and jail you, that's authority.
Bitcoin can't be banned, but it can be criminalized to own, send or accept bitcoin. That means no merchant will advertise anywhere they accept bitcoin. It means if they do accept bitcoin and a police officer finds out, they can claim to be a customer and arrest them in the act.
It means there won't be bitcoin exchanges, ATMs, merchants or payment processors. Sure, you can secretly send your friend some bitcoins, but it will barely have any utility as a currency in a world without the above. 
So criminalizing bitcoin is absolutely a possibility that would diminish the utility of bitcoin, increase the risks/costs and destroy the convenience of using bitcoin to the point that there's no point to use it instead of any other payment solution we have today for the majority of the people. That's the only point I'm making.
From an anarchistic point of view, sure I'd be happy to discuss whether such authority would be legitimate (likely not) and whether we should accept it (likely not). But that doesn't mean it can't happen, that's my only point, versus people who say bitcoin can't in any way be affected by regulation, that's nonsense.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:09:48
A few things:
- An exchange is not necessary to get, hold or use bitcoins. Exchanges will probably not be the primary way bitcoins will be obtained in 5 years from now directly by users.
- You can store your bitcoins in many ways, an exchange being the worst one. You can get bitcoins from an ATM, from your employer, from customers, from any other person and from tens of thousands of shops. This will grow over time.
- Exchanges can and do have better security measures than the best Mt. Gox could do. Look at  -- There are more. Kraken is not perfect, but Mt. Gox is a joke by comparison.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:24:51
What a moron. Look, I disagree with his conclusions, that's alright. Doesn't make him a moron, after all, he disagrees with my conclusions, too.
But the **way** he reasons, is just so stupid. He'll call something a hyper bubble and then when you expect an academic argument, he'll just say 'it's risky'. 
No shit it's risky. You'll be damn hard pressed to find a single person on the planet who doesn't think bitcoin is risky. All VC investors say bitcoin is risky, Barry Silbert says it's risky, Marc says it's risky, Gavin Andresen says it's risky, Andreas says it's risky. 
So what? Guess what, entrepreneurship is risky, too, but I'm sure your economics degree taught you how incredibly important entrepreneurship is. But hey, I guess that's why he became a professor, the life of someone whose only argument to anything is 'but it's risky'.
@_date: 2014-06-18 23:59:16
Yeah that's pretty cool. A few months ago they explicitly said they'd re-brand and identify themselves more with bitcoin and less with 'bitpay'. After all, we're trying to build an ecosystem here, not grab a bit of marketshare from an incumbent ecosystem. At first they did this by developing Bitcore, an open-source platform on NodeJS for bitcoin, as well as funding Jeff Garzik, the bitcoin core developer. And now they're doing things like this, I think that's great.
Of course let's not forget, it's very important for them right now to create user adoption. And you can't do that by branding something 'Bitpay' when 0 of Bitpay's customers are exclusively bitcoin users, Bitpay is a merchant company 100%. But they make money on purchases, and no merchant is willing to pay Bitpay a monthly fee if they don't get any bitcoin sales. So at this point it makes a lot of sense to get people involved in bitcoin. Merchant adoption is far outpacing consumer adoption at this point.
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:52:33
It's not really a matter of when block rewards drop, that will probably be too slow. But I expect within a few years to have both floating fees and much larger blocks and many more transactions. For example, blocks currently average about 1/6th of the 1mb cap. If we increase the cap to 10mb (a pretty trivial amount for professional miners, especially going forward) and max out our blocks we can have 60x more transactions than today, meaning if transaction fees are exactly the same as today per transaction, miners still get 60x more fees as rewards for a block. As bitcoin's adoption rises and block size increases the benefit of finding blocks faster by limiting transactions will not outweigh the increasing fee rewards by including many transactions.
@_date: 2014-12-13 05:42:23
To be honest I've been very disappointed with merchants and I think we should be a little bit more vocal about this. 
A lot of merchants do pay 2-3%. I still, every month, pay Paypal those percentages just to receive money from my clients. And then on top of that I'm slapped with one of the shittiest currency exchange rates you can imagine. And while my particular business isn't very exposed to chargeback fraud, I know many other entire industries are, and on average this can easily add a few percent on top of the 2-3% on top of the 0.5 - 1% exchange rate.
So it's very reasonable to say that processing a bitcoin payment with bitcoin at 0% fees with payout in your local currency is saving you 3-5% on your transaction. Some might be a bit less, some might be a bit more.
Yet, while merchants do seem to understand that bitcoin is small, nascent, that their bitcoin sales represent a small fraction of their total sales, and that they could do right by their customers and pass along savings (meaning the company profits off of their PRODUCT, not off of skimming extra fees and charging you to hand over money, when there is a 0% fee of receiving said money), they simply continue to either charge processing fees, or not discount their product (when processing fees were included in the final price).
If every merchant simply set their discount to 1-5% outside of promotions and sales, but structurally, to whatever the amount is that it actually saves them, we'd have an instant genuine consumer benefit extending to everyone, that does NOT cut into any of the merchant's regular profits on a sale, is not based on any kind of extraordinary promotion or charitable good will from either the merchant or client, yet will save the customer fees and drive new sales away from competitors who have higher prices because they charge more on a sale (due to CC fees) yet make no more profit despite said less attractive higher prices.
This should be a no brainer. And if it is a brainer, I want the companies in question to explain why. If their CC payment processing is cost free and fraud-free like Bitpay's bitcoin processing, I want to hear it. 
But if not, please refer to this: 
Yes, companies can and do get sued for charging fees for things they don't spend money on. Crap like Fiverr is pulling is nonsense. If you're still charging 50c to process a bitcoin transaction (when bitcoin is a system where the payer already pays the tx fees and the receiver pays no fees) and when Bitpay offers 0% processing (to fiat), you're completely missing the point, screwing customers and might even be doing something illegal.
Point of this post? Every.single.company should be considering 0% payment processing through e.g. Bitpay. And every.single.company was paying for payment processing before that, if they don't have to pay for it anymore, shouldn't charge customers for it anymore either. So every.single.company should have some discount, even if it's just 0.1%, but realistically it's going to be more. I truly think every company that accepts bitcoin should genuinely consider this, or forget about bitcoin altogether.
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:44:01
That's not really true. May I ask how old you are? It's easy to remember the old days of the internet if you're a certain age. I distinctly remember it being mocked. I remember a disinterest from many people and companies. I remember nobody trusted it, nobody wanted to shop online. It had a reputation of being a place for people interested in porn and cybercrime. It was awkward, unsophisticated, slow, expensive, unintuitive, untrustworthy and frankly just a huge hassle.
Just an example of the type of interest and understanding of mainstream people: 
I do agree that in the Netherlands for consumers it's not at all immediately obvious what the big advantage to bitcoin is when trying to pay for food in a restaurant. That's a bit tricky. But that doesn't mean that things don't start small and we shouldn't try to build on them to further an ecosystem which can be much more than making payments a little bit more frictionless in restaurants.
Excuse the weirdo who freaked out on you below :p
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:32:51
No, it doesn't cost $30-40 to process a transaction. After all, if 0 transactions are made ever, people will still mine 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes. Processing transactions is a seperate by-product.
@_date: 2014-06-13 11:06:49
So gold has about $8 trillion of above ground reserve value and does about 15-16 trillion of annual trade, or 2x total value.
Bitcoin is quite similar, about 50m of daily exchange volume (e.g. 84m today, but 40m a few weeks ago) which is about 18b per year, which is about 2x the market cap.


You're right! Bitcoin tracks gold's velocity as an asset class right now. Most bitcoin users are investors right now, I know several people who've never really made a payment yet but own $5k or so. Once bitcoin starts to become widely used in everyday purchases, its velocity will start to track actual currencies.
@_date: 2014-10-30 16:12:25
Meh... That came out of the blue. Why? 
He seemed to do a great job within the framework of a foundation. I know not everyone agrees with the existence of the BF but seeing as it's not going anywhere, I considered Jon one of the best picks for the position of director. Not just for his skills, but also because he brought quite a bit of industry background to the game, he could hold his own and speak from experience at any conference, and he had a big finance network. It's probably the reason why he got to speak at a ton of important finance events and conferences and introduce bitcoin with some level of legitimacy.
I'd rather see him stay than go, particularly as long as a suitable replacement hasn't been found yet. Patrick is great, but he's got wholly different (law school) qualifications.
I hope this doesn't turn into a 'great, hope to see the BF go' topic. That position is fair enough, but it's not really relevant in this thread I think.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:43:14
Good question, I'm not sure. From what I understand though, they're internal accounts of transactions linked to users. That should mean you and me could go in if you ever used Mt. Gox and verify the validity of the data. If enough transactions are exactly like the ones we actually made, we can start saying things like 'we can say with xyz certainty that 99% of the data is probably correct'. That would invalidate their claims of what they 'thought' they had, as it would be provably obvious that what they thought they had wasn't what their internal accounts were showing, which we hypothetically could verify to be largely true pretty quickly.
Blockchain evidence would have to be part of it I guess... after all, every deposit and withdrawl would have to be connected to the blockchain. But I don't think it's within the scope of this data, as this is Mt. Gox's 'off-the-chain' data.
@_date: 2014-10-01 23:04:08
I'm most comfortable myself with BashCo just holding the $200 worth of bitcoins. I'd be pretty fun to use Copay as a secure multisig experiment but it's not necessary for me if you can't be bothered :) 
So a clear definition. Well I'm thinking, when the MIT Club starts handing out bitcoin in substantial amounts, for me that which you don't think will happen will have happened. It's hard to exactly quantify how many students they'll give bitcoin to ultimately, it depends on the bitcoin price (they seem to hold in bitcoins, so right now they may not even have the budget to give every undergraduate $100), but if they end up giving away a large portion of their bitcoin to as many MIT students as possible, for me it'll have happened, which you don't think will ever happen. I think that's the dispute, that you don't think that'll happen at all. (quote)


An exact threshold... This is what I propose:
Over $100k worth of bitcoin is distributed to MIT students before or on May 1st 2015 US time. If not, my $100 (whatever it'll be worth then) is all yours. If so, I'd win, put 10% of my winnings into a changetip giveaway thread and enjoy me a few beers!
Let me know what you think Cosby
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:40:25
Yeah I have to study it myself so I can't make guarantees, but I think it makes sense for there to be a tax-exemption for things like a cup of coffee, and a $600 exemption is noted in the IRS guidance, although I haven't yet checked what is exactly meant by it.
So fungible means any one piece can be interchanged for another, it's exactly the same or at least, seen as the same.
So if I give you $1k of gold, you wouldn't care if I switched it with another $1k of gold, it's fungible. However if that gold was say part of a unique piece of jewelry, you would care, so jewelry isn't fungible, but pure gold is.
Same with grains, you wouldn't care to have 1kg of a certain type of grains or another 1kg of the same type of grains.  So we say it's fungible.
Same for dollars, a $10 bill is the same as another $10 bill. That's very important, else you get issues when making payments. So dollars are fungible, too.
That was a worry with the IRS guidance as property, as now one bitcoin mightn't be the same as another bitcoin because they have different tax implications and thus different values. That's bad as you now have bitcoins with different values, which doesn't work well as money. But so far it hasn't been a problem.
@_date: 2014-08-23 12:50:11
1 upvote
Good luck.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:12:21
Sure, I'm open to that, but it has to be at least a bit meaningful. If I knew nothing about bitcoin, I'd think people were deluded. Take multi-level marketing, the crap you read from some of these people is ridiculous, it's off-putting. I'm afraid Bitcoin looks like that too, like a cult of people who cling to such weak arguments.
Because frankly, we don't need it. The awesome things that are happening every week is crazy. The fundamentals of the protocol are awesome. It's exactly the circlejerk that is the only thing that could make me doubt it's the poppycock the media makes it out to be. It's like Sarah Palin suddenly loved bitcoin haha, I'd have to seriously double-check my assumptions.
Thanks for the perspective! 
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:23:32
No doubt, but please, don't assume all 7 billion people have the same inflation/interest rates as the 300 million Americans. I for one have inflation rates lower than my interest rates on my 4-year savings account.
And again, even if inflation was higher than interest, it'd still be better than having interest than not. That's my only point. But more importantly, my main suggestion was that I'd not put any dollars in an envelope at all, until someone suggested that this is a meaningful educational part of the experiment, which I agreed to. (the notion of inflation would teach the OP about the reality of fiat currencies worldwide)
@_date: 2014-03-04 08:30:50
Hahahahahaha police interfaces and facial recognition things still crack me up today. Especially if they go like 'enhance image!' haha, those are the best.
@_date: 2014-07-16 11:32:56
To clarify: Power to seize an asset just like any other in a criminal case. e.g. if a criminal steals cars for a living, sells them, the Dutch court is allowed to seize the money he got from the sale. Now in the same way, if a criminal steals cars and sells them for bitcoin, the court is allowed to seize those bitcoins.
Nothing interesting in other words, except the confirmation from the Dutch courts that bitcoins are an actual, valuable, real form of value, whether you call it an object, asset, currency, money or commodity doesn't take away the fact that it's perceived to have value. In other words, not monopoly money, in case anyone was still wondering.
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:24:06


Heh read this thread when she was elected, pretty sad.
Not too dissimilar from this thread.
@_date: 2014-07-14 16:40:35
Oh... Well, it's not really a big deal.
Firstly, public addresses have checksums. You can't type a random address and get it to work. If you have a correct address and change 1 character, you have a 1/2 billion chance or so of that being a valid address. So the software will tell you if you mistyped something.
Of course you could still send it to the wrong address, say an address you used before that belongs to e.g. a different friend of yours, but then you know which address this is as you used it before and can ask for the money back. Note that in your case, this wouldn't be solved, as even if you could block addresses, you could still send money wrongly. e.g. if I want to send money to company A I do business with, and accidentally send it to company B, neither would have a reason to block my payment as I do business with both. So blocking unknown addresses doesn't itself inherently solve the possibility of sending money to the wrong known address.
As for any liability, well no if someone sends you money in the mail, you're not liable. If someone says 'I want it back' you could just give it back. With bitcoin it'd be trivially easy to put those bitcoins away, or hell, just send them back, in fact you could include a message with that. From a legal point of view I don't expect this to become a liability.
More importantly, in 10 years nobody will be using 256-bit numbers anymore for private keys and addresses. We'll all be using things like facebook accounts as addresses, or reddit. e.g. here's 10 cents: 1 upvote I just tipped you 10 pennies in bitcoin without knowing your address or being able to mistype it.
And let's not forget, there are 2^256 amount of private keys, and each private key can create an address. It's a bit more complex than that. But, put that 2^256 into google, and compare it say to the amount of atoms in the universe. It's pretty similar a number. So you could create addresses for every transaction ever, for any client. You could create trillions of addresses for trillions of years and you'd never get the same one. So if you wanted, you could use a unique address for everything you do, and then if you want you could forfeit your private keys by just throwing them away afterwards. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:09:03
Fair enough, I won't try to stretch the analogy further :p
I'd be interested in hearing what fundamental concerns you have. Personally, I don't necessarily see bitcoin as a viable candidate at the moment as a currency due to it being deflationary. (demand is very likely to always outpace supply if you remove speculation. And supply at some point will slowly start to drop a fraction of private keys are lost) But I still see bitcoin as having uses in fiat-to-fiat borderless value transactions, as a store of value, as an settling system for other payment systems (e.g. all exchanges, Coinbase etc, they're pretty much fully off-chain, but they use the blockchain to settle the balance), possibly for smart contracts, smart property, voting, stocks etc.
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:17:43
Nah. It's true, if McDonalds did 100% of transactions in bitcoin, sure that'd be impossible. (unless everyone used a coinbase wallet and McDonalds used coinbase, too, it'd be 100% off-chain)
But that's not what would happen. There are 1m holders of bitcoin. The average person eats at McDonalds less than once every 10 days (e.g. my parents ate at McDonalds 15 years ago. I ate there 2 months ago, my friends probably eat there once a month at most). So let's be really optimistic and say once every 10 days. That's 100k transactions per day. Bitcoin can do 600k transactions per day and does about 70k per day on average. 
So it's not a problem, even if GHASH.IO capped at 340kb, it'd still be more than enough.
Of course, if the network did spike up very quickly to daily averages of 500k, it'd be quite easy to increase the block size by tenfold without huge issues to networking or storage. And it's likely we'll see improved networking and blockchain pruning before that. Scaling by 10x is pretty easy, scaling by 100x is hard, but we're far off.
@_date: 2014-06-09 11:37:56
Yes, you can, but at what price? 
So I ran the calculations myself, if you invest 1 bitcoin you can buy 138 GH/S, after 8 months it makes you about 0.0000001 bitcoin per month (less than a penny per year) and quickly goes down, so by that time it's useless. So the timeframe is 8 months, within that time your 138 GH/S will generate 0.4 bitcoin in block rewards, again, for a 1 bitcoin investment.
And if you look at the historic GH/S price chart, 138 GH/S was 18 times more expensive 8 months ago than it is today. In other words, given the trend line of GH/S becoming cheaper everyday and losing value, your 1 bitcoin spent on GH/S could only regain about 0.05 bitcoin after selling it 8 months from now.
Meaning your total gains per 1 bitcoin invested are less than 0.5 bitcoin. It's a really really bad investment and people have tried it and said  this all over the internet.
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:01:08
Indeed. But hey, seeing someone who's heading a 7 billion fund reaffirm his excitement for bitcoin 6 months later I think is testament to the fact that bitcoin seems to just work really well and that the ecosystem is growing to the extent a VC's interested. 
And we know that most VCs are generally interested in extremely high-risk, high-reward schemes investments where maybe 75% of businesses outright fail, another 20% or so do okay and make a small return, and a small fraction really explode and disrupt entire industries and generate huge VC returns. So that says something. And of course, he's not the only one. Andreessen Horowitz, Social+Capital, Fortress Investment Group, Benchmark Capital, Ribbit Capital. I can go on, these are all funds with hundreds of millions or several billion dollars ran by industry veterans. That's a big sign. 
There's quite a bit of smart money in this now. Of course, VC success is never assured, time will tell but it's looking good.
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:14:46
Well, euro volume. About 1k btc the past 24 hours which is about $150m on a yearly basis. Kraken holds roughly 50% of the Euro market (which is significant considering it's the worlds biggest market).
But at the end of the day, Euro is still pretty small. (5% according to bitcoinaverage). So it's pretty weird for Bloomberg to quote one exchange of the small euro-denominated market, quote no other exchanges, quote a brokerage price that's limited to US citizens and disregard the rest of the world, in particular Asia and the rest of North-America, mainly CNY/HKD as well as GBP/CAD.
@_date: 2014-08-14 16:05:26
Thanks for your post
What did you think of this article?
I think the data is pretty clear that there was a flashcrash at one exchange, which happens to be one where people can leverage their positions and automatic margin-calls occur when the price drops below a threshold. 
That doesn't imply manipulation, nor does it imply that the crash at Bitfinex brought all other exchanges down (through arbitrage, i.e. cheap coins were bought at Bitfinex and dumped elsewhere, thus bringing all exchanges down a bit too) but the flash crash certainly happened there specifically.
Knowing you could sell your coins for a decent price at Bitfinex, create margin calls, then buy those coins and dump them elsewhere, sounds like it's certainly liquid possible to profit off of this manipulation. Bitfinex doesn't have a terribly large order book, and the margin calls we can expect to be present essentially create a hidden order book that you can trigger in your favor.
Again, it doesn't prove anything and thus I'm not drawing conclusions. But considering merely the plausibility is a fun exercise and it seems pretty plausible. A bit more plausible than a wealthy trader selling all his bitcoin in the span of 30 minutes by dumping it on the orderbook to buy a house ;) He'd be throwing away tens of thousands of dollars from a lack of patience.
@_date: 2014-08-04 13:00:49
A virtual machine to run Linux haha. In all seriousness, I'd suggest armory for sure, but please be aware Armory can't be secure if you run an OS that has a million keylogging malware programs written for it and various security holes. It doesn't matter what you use if a program can take screenshots, can copy things in your clipboard and record your keystrokes and send them to a hacker because your OS isn't secure. Windows just isn't built for security stuff like this. But best bet... Armory is definitely not a bad choice, it's awesome.
@_date: 2014-04-26 22:55:37
You don't have to touch bitcoin? Can just use Bitpay. In my country there's a lawyer who accepts bitcoin even though it's illegal to be paid in anything other than euros as a lawyer, because he uses a payment processor. Worst case scenario is you pay 1% on interchange fees which is cheaper than pretty much everything else online.
@_date: 2014-05-05 21:05:08
Sick :D Thanks for that example and analogy!
@_date: 2014-08-23 01:15:02
Sweet thanks. 1 upvote!
@_date: 2014-06-05 12:52:21
This is me. I build and sell software for mobile devices for a living, my clients send me money across the world using Paypal and I pay about 3% in transaction fees, 1% in conversion fees and generally free for withdrawing money (but that take a few days.)
Sadly no clients have bitcoin to pay me with, but it's just a matter of time. 
Until then I put 10% of my income in bitcoin directly myself (Kraken!) and put 10% into Kiva.org! (I recommend it!) And I earned a few dollars on bitcoin tips haha
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:06:10
It goes both ways, really. On the one hand there's remittance from Europe to Morocco. But that's at least possible. It may cost you 5% sure, but at least you can do it. 
But then there's also a lot of Moroccans who want to leave but can't bring any of their capital, not even if they pay something ridiculous like 50%. That goes for everyone. For example Moroccan exchange students are known to have to resort to illegalities, so when someone from Casa studies in Marseille, he or she will be allowed to exchange about 100 euros a month or something little as that worth of dirhams. Anything else, to pay the rent, food, insurance, transportation etc in euros, needs to be obtained through the black market.
In other words, yes there's a big remittance corridor but at best you can shave off 2-3% in fees. I think that's great, but it's not turning the world upside down. But the other way around, that's a big change for people who want to take money out of the country. (quite often these same European immigrants pass away right about now, their children born and raised in Europe might inherit some plot of land, a farm, a small house, but are unable to take this capital to the place they live in Europe. That'd be able to change. Similarly, it would attract new FDI (foreign direct nvestments), because right now any dirhams you earn from an investment in Morocco will be stuck there. 
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:10:34


Yeah that's fine, the graph api is quite comprehensive, permission based. In terms of technical capability, it's not an issue really. ChangeTip just queries its own name like once a minute, and checks for mutations. It's a relatively cheap operation and one of the most basic ones used by thousands of other bots.


About 30k or so iirc.
@_date: 2014-12-13 16:11:02
Sounds like 
'wait for it'
The biggest bounty ever
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:29:34
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:39:36
Nice. This kind of shows me that bitcoin sales weren't as bad one may think with so few users. When you double down on something like this that's a nice signal.
@_date: 2014-08-19 22:59:18
Yeah betting is just... it's horrible. It's something the poorest people who can least afford it are more prone to do, it creates one winner and a shit ton of losers. If you ask a child what'd be the worst society, the worst way to distribute wealth, he'd pretty much describe a lottery, where not only do many lose and few win, but it's also completely not based on merit, but just pure luck.
And on top of that, it literally has the characteristics of a ponzi scheme, in that it always pays out less than it generates. It's beyond ridiculous. To break it down, you basically have a company who pools money from lots of people, then it pays itself a cut for profits, then it spends a part on advertising to convince people to play the lottery, then it spends a ton on the logistics of selling a good in every cornerstore, and then the remaining money is given to a few people. 
In short, you actually pay someone to run an advertisement to convince you to give him money, for a certainty of over-time getting less money in return than you gave him, and there literally isn't any product or service beyond that.
So I can totally see the intention behind its illegality. That doesn't mean I think it should be illegal, although I'm leaning towards yes. (a relatively limited black gambling market probably does less harm than the ability for anyone to buy a lottery ticket on every cornershop in the country legally)
But that's lotteries, and I think they're horrible. Buy things like poker, I'm not a fan, but it's quite clear that some poker players are better than others. There's obvious great and amazing players, the rankings show it. And you obviously get better with more practice. In short, it's not pure gambling, it's a game that has room for effective strategies and smart moves with an element of luck, just like life. I see no grounds to ban it. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:40:13
Freaking awesome.
@_date: 2014-12-30 11:18:58
Yes we're one big hive mind which has no diversity of opinion. *sigh*.
@_date: 2014-08-04 08:33:50
Well a lie is a big word. It's when you know something isn't true, yet say it's true. They may have lied but at the moment it's not really clear. They seem to have been pretty straightforward mostly, the setup costs $15, they said this from the start, and in fact they waived these fees. The use of the card, making actual payments, was free, still is. But now there's a monthly fee they didn't communicate before. Was that a lie? Well, consider why they would have lied about this... you couldn't order the product. You could register your email with them though as a form of pre-order, so when the product was released they'd let you know. So at best they lied to gain a few hundred extra pre-orders? I doubt it. I think they thought they could get a cheap debit-card product from Mastercard, didn't work out, they went Visa, and there were monthly costs. In the same way they thought they couldn't get ATM withdrawals to work, but after negotiations, that became possible. But nobody complains about that being a 'lie' because it was a better outcome than they were told they'd get. Without a strong reason to lie, and without evidence of lying, this seems just to be a mistake. A mistake is when you think you know something to be true when it really isn't. A lie is when you know it's not true, it isn't true, yet you say it's true. There's no real incentive for them for, or any evidence of the latter. Particularly as they waived fees on pre-orders and communicated this transparently both on their website and went to the community here on reddit to post their fee structure, on imgur no less. And to top it all off, a redditor who is building a similar product said in another thread that they're likely making a loss on this card, meaning the imposed fees are the best they can do and not even profitable for them. All of this isn't nearly as bad as the assumption some people make, that they knew it'd be cheap, promised cheap, then hiked all the prices sneakily to make a big profit. No, it appears that similarly to how they thought they couldn't do ATMs, they thought it'd be cheap, promised cheap, then found out it couldn't be, added a monthly fee transparently and likely make no profit, and waived the pre-order fees.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:05:09
I wouldn't be concerned. Look at it from the POV of the IRS. If bitcoin is currency, why not cars and houses? You couldn't tax anything anymore and if you were filthy rich with $1b in realestate, you'd have to pay no taxes on its appreciation. There have to be some guidelines as to what is currency and what is property. A lot of bitcoiners actually don't view bitcoin truly as currency, it all depends on semantics, on etymology, rule of law, national and international standards, culture, common practice etc. At the moment, it's not viewed as currency but I think it's quite likely that would change at some point. In the same way the internet was once a millitary export good, and PGP (which powers bitcoin and a billion other things we use everyday) was also seen as a millitary export good, and sharing it would mean you'd be an enemy of the state. Over time those became public goods. In the same way the legal definition of bitcoin will probably change when it proves to be used as a currency over long periods of time in significant volume. Right now, it comprises of just just a tiny fraction (probably less than 0.001%) of trade, and it's only really been used by more than a handful of people for the past 3 years or so.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:22:00
Bitcoin being valued higher is integral to many things
* Mining rewards go up, increasing hashrate and network security
* Creates liquidity which is very important for some of the larger companies to step in. (e.g. there's not enough liquidity and trading happening for Amazon or a large bank to rely on bitcoin)
* Reduces volatility. A market cap of $100k can easily be manipulated by dropping a few thousand bucks. A $100b market cap is much harder to manipulate. It doesn't remove volatility, but reduces it.
* A large market cap (e.g. $100b) means professional traders join in who have professional news sources. It means a large amount of bitcoin would be held by people who won't panic sell as much as an individual without professional market/regulatory information and his mortgage on the line will. It also means you've got enough liquidity for financial parties to start to develop risk instruments like hedging which can reduce volatility and allow individuals and companies to insure against risk at a cost.
* Creates new media attention and can dampen the voices of those who keep screaming 'this time it's dead'.
* Percentage fees create bigger market opportunities for new businesses
* Early adopters who hold bitcoin and become wealthy and don't sell are incentivized to build up the bitcoin ecosystem through investing (exchanges, payment processors, ATMs, wallets. Many early bitcoin services were financed this way). If the ecosystem thrives, their remaining bitcoin holdings thrive too.
I can go on and on. Institutional investment or a rising price will always reward some idiots who only want to go to the moon, but there's a lot of other good stuff besides that, too.
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:25:50
Until Bloomberg adds the ability to purchase bitcoin through their bitcoin terminals the average price is likely of more importance to any bloomberg user or reader than any specific price at any specific exchange.
Once they allow you to buy 'directly' at Bitstamp through the bloomberg terminal (like many other securities) then of course a bitstamp price ticker is important. But alas, that will probably take quite some time still. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 13:34:26
Thanks for demystifying this a bit, particularly the part where the shop terminals are proprietary hardware of cc companies. That makes a lot of the cool ideas we thought about (switching out the underlying payment processor with e.g. a bitpay through an applepay software update) infeasible.
The only big upside I see with applepay is that it's a new extra push for a culture around digital payments, away from plastic or cash. That's a big obstacle for bitcoin even if it was a million times better than everything else, there are still many people uncomfortable with the notion.
In any case, I never really saw bitcoin as a huge thing that would first expand to stores. The opposite really, in-store payments like Reeds is doing with bitcoin is something I always would thought would happen last, so I don't really see how this new competition hurts bitcoin.
The four big consumer usecases for me were 1) online payments, and we see e.g. braintree and stripe work on integrating this into their platforms, as well as of course Coinbase/Bitpay, and applepay doesn't change anything about that. (it doesn't seem to be a payment processor in the way that e.g. the ebay app could use apple's inapp purchases or applepay to process payments, which bitcoin will be able to do with e.g. braintree soon. It's really just for scanning a physical POS and making a payment.) 2) is remittance, applepay changes nothing. And 3) is gambling, applepay changes nothing. 4) is the ability for people to hold value in bitcoin as opposed to their national currency, which, if bitcoin becomes accessible and grown to the point of relative stability and 'staying power', will be a great alternative store of value versus e.g. a Venezuelan or Argentinian currency right now. For these main use cases applepay changes nothing.
@_date: 2014-08-02 20:11:14
Absolutely. This is ridiculous. 
You have to be an idiot to say this:
A company that offers a COMPLETELY optional debitcard connected to a bitcoin wallet, it's not completely free (although the most important bit, making transactions, is indeed free), which actually tells you the fees when you order it, and actually works as advertised
is worse and more hated than
A company that took half a billion dollars of bitcoin and then lost/stole it. (Mt. Gox)
A company that routinely sold what are essentially money-trees that lose their magical money-making completely powers within 3-5 months (mining rigs), and delivers either broken trees or delivers them 6 months late after they've become useless (BFL)
@_date: 2014-04-16 10:56:57
No I'm not. Feel free to explain why, as opposed to linking to a wikipedia article and asking me to guess what you're referring to.
For example if you're referring to this:


Then please know, the idea that government protects ownership and keeps the peace and upholds contracts has nothing to do with intervening in supply and demand.
The fact that free markets are advocated by anarchists, too, also has nothing to do with the notion of lawlessness.
Again, free markets do not imply lawlessness, the ability to commit theft without consequence or the voidance of all contractual agreements between two voluntary parties. Mt. Gox's 200k coins it held in its users' name, cannot, under any market, be considered Mt. Gox's funds, that would simply be theft and theft is not allowed even in a 'free' market.
@_date: 2014-05-13 12:25:27
6btc is meagre in bangkok? heh, if you want to shoot ping pong everynight it may not be enough, no. But otherwise not meagre!
But really, thailand is not really bitcoin friendly. It sort of is banned, sort of isn't... Why not start somewhere else? This just seems like 'I'll be converting bitcoin to fiat and living off of that.' and barely has anything to do with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-20 11:31:57
Well I give away money each month and I lend money each month on Kiva (with no interest, a small default risk, means I lose about 5% of the principal each year). I don't get anything in return and I didn't do this to create extra sales or benefit me.
Of course you can say I do it because of the good feeling it gives me, or to buy away my guilt, or to feel good about myself. In that sense, pure altruism doesn't exist. But I think there's clearly a difference between e.g. Bill Gates giving away billions to the poor for the sake of helping, and Google/Facebook trying to bring cheap internet to all so that they can increase their market, personally. Both are great and I applaud both efforts, but one isn't really altruism, it's just good business that happens to help people. 
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:10:14
You're missing a crucial point. If we have people value a network at $5 billion that does 1 transaction per second and moves $50m a day, what do you think the value of the network and daily volume will be at 1000 TPS?
Well if you'd say '1000x' as much, you'd get $5 trillion and $50 billion in daily volume. 
Now ask yourself, if a miner can double spend $50 billion dollars, or prevent $50 billion dollars from being spent, does he care about $6k in fees (i.e. 0.000006b)
That's not obvious at all. The notion that we can keep transaction fees low even without block rewards is likely to me, but to expect fees to stay at 1c or 5c as we scale up this system, I don't think that's obvious. 
Fundamentally: Yes you presented a basic table showing fees can replace block rewards, but it doesn't show that at 1k TPS or 50k TPS we need far larger incentives than the miner revenues present today to keep them honest.
@_date: 2014-03-19 19:19:43
hiiire meeee
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:05:21
No I'm saying it's an otherwise English sentence, with french-style dates.
Like 'Hello I'm born in Decembre'. It's not correct in any language!
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:38:45
Where are you from?
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:49:16
Obviously marketing, but still nice to see.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:05:58
Oh I know that, that's why I don't see it as something bad. But it's not something I'm excited about and I'm not sure why others are.
Fact is, anyone who buys gold with bitcoin is choosing gold over bitcoin as a store of value. And that's not something that thrills me.
That's all.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:42:51
Eh, no. He made the case for virtual money. And not just any money. A virtual money that's stored with a bank and fully traceable and taxable.
In other words, not bitcoin. Move on.
@_date: 2014-06-24 17:05:45


Just because you're doing well doesn't mean specific things can't be better. And for me, crypto and biz are ridiculously bad words to use. 
Consider reading the following article for some thoughts on wording and branding, two extremely important aspects in a space where the Number 1 obstacle to mass adoption is the horrible, and I mean horrible image people have of bitcoin. You mention bitcoin and people think ponzi, hacker, anarchist, complex technology, crime. Cryptography is one thing, it's a science, it's a field of study. But crypto just sucks.


Had you taken 5 minutes to think about my post you'd have realized I never said or thought you were an academic journal. I gave an example where cryptography is a word that's fine and correct to use (e.g. on an academic journal on the science that is cryptography). 
But for a business magazine, you'll generally just want to focus on digital currencies and I think it's important to brand bitcoin as a digital currency first, a cryptocurrency second. If a distinction is necessary (and right now it isn't, as almost all digital currencies outside of games like world of warcraft are cryptocurrencies) we can call bitcoin a digital cryptocurrency if necessary.
Why to use digital currency instead of cryptocurrency, refer back to my earlier statement on branding. If you must focus on crypto, and aren't willing to simply say digital first, and if necessary digital cryptocurrency second, at least use the word cryptography. It's a lot more serious than crypto which is a scary word to most people.
And biz. Where do I start. That's some unprofessional 90s-internet company shit right there. Go ahead if you want. I just can hardly take you seriously.
Generally I wouldn't even try to brand literally. Google, Apple, Starbucks, they don't refer to a product. I think coindesk is a pretty nice name for example, and it can encompass topics ranging from digital to crypto currencies and anything in between. You don't have to put the word 'biz' in your name to bridge a gap between tech and finance sectors.
Anyway it's up to you of course, opinions differ and that's fine, but at least you've heard mine. Best wishes.
@_date: 2014-12-11 04:33:58
You know, I'd be completely comfortable setting my wallet to auto-tip any upvote with $0.10. 
And it'd be pretty awesome if, for users who aren't familiar yet with bitcoin, that when they buy say $5 of reddit gold, that 0.50c of it goes straight into their newly created reddit bitcoin wallet, and that every upvote takes 1 penny from that wallet. But that's probably not going to happen anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:08:07
Hehe yeah if you can remember, that's great!
Kidnapping and exortion is something pretty worrying. Imagine a world without any form of centralized digital transactions. All we had was cash or gold. Now imagine all that cash or gold was not in some safe vault, but rather, you could will the cash/gold you owned into existance infront of you if you so pleased. All a thief would have to do is convince you, at the threat of taking your life, to do just that, and be off with your cash/gold, without you having any way to trace him.
That's bitcoin, too. The core developers have voiced this worry and I hope and think a decent solution can be found. But the degree of anonimity is still an issue. At least with banks if your money is stolen or you were forced at gunpoint to make a transaction a bank can reverse a transaction or track the owner of the account, in most cases.
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:01:27
Not really. We're already seeing some efforts to implement 100% reserve transparency by design, there was just an exchange that built their exchange with that in mind from day 1, and companies like Vault of Satoshi have been doing a great job.
Secondly, if you're not a bank, you can't do fractional reserve. It's illegal in most countries as a money transmitter, and yes, you do need to be audited and hand over this information. So I expect that going forward, most professional companies will abide by such laws. So Coinbase for example likely already does annual audits and shows the government (who disallows fractional reserve) the results, and these audits must be done by a reputable neutral auditor. 
This latter part isn't perfect by the way. There are loopholes and caveats, but we mustn't forget that if Mt. Gox had had 100% of reserves that they'd be a vulnerable company regardless. If they do things that are illegal, unprofessional, risky or unsecure, then it doesn't matter that you can prove 100% of reserves for 100 days, because on day 101 everything might change. That's why I think it's important to stress that professional companies abiding by current laws goes a long way, and a company like Coinbase is very much inclined to be such a company.
Lastly I think we'll see more multi-sig happen. It's already part of the protocol, and it means a custodian might not actually have control over your bitcoins, yet provide a security service (like spending limits, safe addresses etc) on the e.g. 1 of 3 keys they manage for you. In this way we can circumvent even the possibility of reserves and thereby fractional reserve.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:45:40
literally = really very much, these days haha.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:02:43
sweet dude
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:55:07
Again being a dumbass doesn't mean you're to blame in my opinion. If you leave your wallet at my house and I take it and say I haven't seen it, I guess not I, but you are to blame according to you. Apparently we have differing thoughts. If so that's fine, now I know :)
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:39:15
@_date: 2014-04-09 00:49:25
I'd consider adding it as an edit to your main post, just your bitcoin address. You can refer to it being a suggestion of another user (me) and you can explain any financial need you may have. I doubt a mod would see problems in this situation, and if he does, he'll probably just delete it. Can't much worse happen than losing 0.5 bitcoin you really needed.
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:03:11
one-way only. (paper to bitcoin). I suspect euro only.
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:52:48


Of course it is, as a metric of how much the service and wallet is used, but not as a metric of value. i.e. they're not considered company assets and an investor would be buying a share of customer coins, they'd simply buy a share of a company that is popular to the extent that people trust x amount of coins with it.
But there are other reasons for wanting to keep the coins in their system. For one, it means their wallet gets more use, which means it's cheaper for them to process payments for their merchants. Secondly it increases the chance of internal buys/sells, meaning they can settle internally, rather than through an exchange, and keep more of the 1% fee they charge as profit. And lastly, when the day comes that they start to offer things like insured storage and who knows, maybe even things like peer-to-peer lending, for which they might charge a fee, it's good to bootstrap that system with a large pool of customers who have liquidity on the system.
@_date: 2014-03-04 08:17:09
This is pretty sad. From a spectator's point of view though, how can this happen? What security measures did they have in place and how could they be breached? 
This would all help answer the question 'who can we trust with our coins and why?'. Of course, the answer is nobody 100%, but there must be some hosted wallets/exchanges that you can trust to a large degree, for say 98% of your coin.
Another important question is, who owned the ~900 bitcoin? Was it a hot wallet at risk of flexcoin? What percentage of coins was in cold storage and is being returned to customers?
@_date: 2014-06-26 20:07:13
Imagine a new search engine was created... how much potential should it have for Google to organize an entire fucking conference on it, or for Google, Yahoo and Microsoft to come together and organize a conference.
For me that's very telling. Bitcoin is far from a certainty, but its realistic potential has become very much undisputed.
@_date: 2014-06-20 13:05:18
Very weird. Hadn't expected this from Coinbase, they've shown a lot of professionalism and have seasoned marketing people working there, people from facebook, goldman sachs, google etc, just on-boarded 4 huge companies in 3 weeks time. But to let a third party use your brand? 
Unless they come out and say 'yes this is a partnership with so and so, we outsourced it and write off on every release after reviewing the code', I'd be really surprised. Even that isn't great, normally when you outsource or do a partnership you still release under the company brand.
@_date: 2014-05-26 18:26:53
You are the government? That's silly. Look at China, it clamped down on bitcoin without having to turn on a single computer to mine. And look at the US, Europe and most other countries, bitcoin is looked upon quite favorably in general.
@_date: 2014-05-13 11:35:45
Yes. So Coinbase and Bitpay are both what is called a 'payment processor'. What happens is, you have a store online where you sell clothes, say a pair of shoes for $50. If a user says 'I want to pay with bitcoin', then Bitpay will pop up a QR code (which is an image that looks like this 
The user can then open their smartphone and scan the QR code and press 'pay' and the equivalent of $50 worth of bitcoin is taken from their wallet and sent to Bitpay. 
Bitpay then goes to an online exchange like Bitstamp or Kraken and sells the bitcoin for say dollars, to someone else. This happens immediately over the internet. At the same time, Bitpay will send these dollars to the merchant selling the shoes.
This way, the merchant never takes any bitcoin, they only receive dollars exactly like if they had been paid with a creditcard or a cheque. The only difference is that merchants pay 2-3% in fees for creditcard payments, but Bitpay only takes 0-1% in fees. Also, a creditcard payment usually arrives 2-3 days later, the bitcoin payment is paid out the same day. And lastly, customers can defraud the merchant by requesting a 'chargeback' after they receive the product, they can ask for their money back saying they never received it. With bitcoin, merchants have no risk.
So yes, Bitpay (or Coinbase for example) sell the coins online and pay the merchant in dollars or any other currency like euros, pesos, yen etc. But only if the merchant wants this, they can also choose to simply take bitcoin without converting it to fiat currencies.
@_date: 2014-04-15 15:45:56
* Danny explains he left Cyprus to look for investors due to liquidity issues, yet nobody who invested in N&amp;B knew of liquidity issues. Not only did you not act in good faith towards your investors, but you also failed to inform these investors you were in fact, looking for investors. What?
* Then you mentioned you didn't want to return to Cyprus because threats to your daughters' life were made. And now it turns out, you actually left the country and left your daughter behind in Cyprus. Come on, really?
* You could've saved the company, but lost all the money on Mt. Gox. Give me a break. 
* You had a lot of coins, but sold them when Silk Road was busted early October. The price appreciated from $10 by tenfold to $100 by one month later, then again by tenfold to beyond $1000 another month later and you conveniently missed out on 100x appreciation in two months.
* You have a funeral and therefore can't return to Cyprus where you left a bankrupt company, unpaid employees with no income, your daughter who's in danger of her life according to you, creditors who you owe a load of cash and where you're being sought by the police.
There's only one day in the year all this would've made any sense and that day was the first of april. You sound like you're full of shit, and that's coming from someone who has zero investments with N&amp;B and would love a bitcoin bank to succeed. You're a fucking moron even if you're being truthful, the odds of which are one in a billion considering you failed and faced issues at virtually every turn. 
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:47:01
So let me get this straight.
N&amp;B raises about $10 million in capital. (look at Havelock/prospectus) 
They have less than 10 employees, only 1 office, and operate in a country of 800k individuals, 2 months later they run out of equity.
The CEO leaves the country 'temporarily'. Doesn't tell his colleagues what, why, or how long. Employees are unpaid.
He doesn't tell investors, even though the only reason he left the country is because he's looking for investors.
He receives threats and decides never to come back and informs everyone weeks later in a forum post.
All I can say is that if you'd read his prospectus, you'd be a moron to invest. That's all I'll say. Just read it. You'll find three scenarios. a 1% 'if bitcoin appreciates by 1% per month' scenario, a 5% which they called realistic, and a 13% scenario. The first had them profitable by July, with 0.5million in losses between Feb-August. The 5% scenario had them profitable by March with about 6 million in profits between feb-august. And their 13% scenario had them profitable in Feb, making about $18million in profits between feb/aug. 
If you're misunderstanding anything, I'll help you out. Their business was based in bitcoin appreciation. They had projected to lose half a million dollars in the 7 months of actual operation if bitcoin appreciated by 12.6% in 2014. Of course, bitcoin is down 50% the past three months. They had no projections for if bitcoin stayed stable or went down in value. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 12:38:38
Man, how many repetitions can you make? 
You could explain this in two minutes. Once you understand a 51% miner has the longest blockchain and bitcoin always 'trusts' the longest blockchain, it means the 51% miner has control over every block. This means he can include blocks without any transactions, which means suddenly people's transactions are unconfirmed, and he can double spend. 
Then repeat it 50 times from the wiki and from gavin and repeat what they said, and you have a video.
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:20:20
Feel free to elaborate on that.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:37:57
And he's right. Anyone who looks at Bitcoin's volatility and says it's not speculative to hold bitcoin is joking. Most employees at the top VC-funded bitcoin companies say it's speculative at the moment.
And that's okay. Because Bitpay allows Wikimedia to accept bitcoin donations while receiving the equivalent in dollars or any other currency, FOR FREE. Bitpay has a 0% fee for charities. They're paid out the same day at 0% volatility risk exposure.
@_date: 2014-06-25 13:43:20


Good question. I won't name any theoretical maximums, but I'll mention some information and numbers.
So firstly, the 7 TPS limit is pretty arbitrary. Basically, a block can be 1 megabyte in size. Anything over 1 MB will be not be a valid block, meaning it will be rejected. As miners are rewarded by putting 1 tx (the block reward of 25 blocks at the moment) to themselves in the block, they only get rewarded with those bitcoin if their block is validated, because that block holds their reward. As such, miners will never allow more than 1 MB sized blocks and the chain will reject more than 1 MB sized blocks.
A transaction is some data and a typical tx is about 250 bytes on average.
1 megabyte is 1024^2 bytes. Every 10 minutes means the bitcoin bandwidth is about 1750 bytes per second or about 1.7 kb/s or 13.6 kbits/s. In the context of your 17 year old 56kbits/s modem, I hope you can see how little that really is. 
To put that into perspective. This is an image of an internet speed test in a **coffee shop** in Korea. Korea is known for great internet speeds, but this is just public wifi in some little shop.
Down and upload speed of 48 Mbits/s. That means this coffee shop can download 3615 1MB blocks every 10 minutes, as opposed to bitcoin's single 1MB block. In other words, today we could already support a massively larger amount of transactions.
Now let's not forget, this is a coffee shop, and bitcoin mining is an industry worth about $750m this year, and will be worth billions annually. So we should assume this industry can afford the best internet, at least better than some coffee shop's public wifi.
So we have 1.7 kb/s or 1704 bytes per second. If you fit 250 byte transactions into a 1704 b/s bandwidth you get about 7 transactions per second. That's where the number 7 comes from, but it's based on 1MB block sizes and those are arbitrary. Last year iirc the block size was increased from 0.25mb to 1 mb, there's no reason it can't go to 2mb or 1000000000000000 mb, it's just a number we need to agree on. Of course 1 terabyte blocks wouldn't work, but the 1 mb number (and by extension the 7 TPS) is flexible.
Next, check out Nielsen's law. It's the Moore's law to internet bandwidth.
Nielsen's law has held true for decades and it's a 50% annual growth rate. That means that, given this law holds true, in 10 years from now, we can have 57 mb blocks with exactly the ** same level of investments, accessibility etc **. As in, we'll all have internet speeds 57x faster at the same cost as our current internet today. So if we simply do nothing but continue to pay for our ever faster internet speed at a constant price, we can do 400 TPS, instead of 7 TPS.
That's not much, by the way, but let's not forget we currently move $100m a day average with just 7 TPS. Only, we rarely use the full block bandwidth, we usually only reach about 0.7 TPS. In other words, we can scale by 4.000x in 10 years without any extra investments in networking speed.
Now let's go back to the coffee shop. It could, itself, download 3600x more bandwidth than a 10-minute 1mb block uses today. That means that a coffee shop in 10 years from now with the same price of their internet speed, can download blocks that hold 14 million times as many transactions as a typical block holds today. 
And that's a coffee shop. Now that's scale.
That's networking. Similar ideas for storage, only easier because Kryder's law posits a 90% annual growth rate in density. (which is contested, it might be a lot lower like 30-40%, but still massive). But more importantly, storage can be pruned and compressed. i.e. there's no reason to keep 100% of the blockchain on every node, most nodes can suffice with a fraction of the total blockchain. Blockchain pruning is already being used. As such storage isn't as big of a problem as networks.
Then there's processing. This part is the easiest. Mining power has nothing to do with processing transactions, it's more of a byproduct. As in, the CPU required to find the correct nonce (which is what is solving a block means) is exactly the same whether the block has 0 or 1 billion transactions in it. Tx still need to be verified but that's a function that's very fast (i.e. a typical CPU found in a laptop in a few years can validate tens of thousands of transactions per second, more than all CC tx per second on the planet at peak times)
All of this is considering relatively unoptimized structures, by the way. Transactions can be compressed, private keys can have a short form, blockchains can be pruned, input validation can be optimized.
And of course, it also ignores all kinds of additional ideas. Like alternative blockchains, sidechains, using other coins for e.g. microtransactions which sync once an hour with the blockchain, using off-chain transactions (e.g. 1 upvote this tip is completely off-chain, but you can withdraw the bitcoins to your own private keys if you want on the blockchain!) that can take a huge load off.
So in short, scale is a huge issue, it requires a lot of work to get it to scale on a technical level. BUT, the fundamentals, the economics, the technology, it's all there in abundance. There's nothing impossible about scaling, it's extremely feasible that we can scale on a technical level, although it doesn't take away from the fact there needs to be a lot of work done before that actually happens.
I'm more worried about the demand side (popularity of bitcoin) preventing scaling than the supply side (technology's ability to provide bitcoin at a scale). :)
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2014-05-21 13:55:05
Sort of, sort of not.
An example of what is now banned is that your mom now can't invest in a leveraged short put option.
How this works is this. So say the price of bitcoin is $1000 today. The short put gives the seller the obligation to buy the bitcoin at a certain price, say $950, if the buyer exercises his option. As the price is $1000 today, the obligation will not be exercised by the buyer, because he will then have to sell the seller of the option the bitcoin for $950, while it's worth $1000.
But if the price of bitcoin drops like it did in January-February by 50%, then now the buyer of the option exercises his right. Your mom, who sold the option, now is forced to buy bitcoins at $950, while the seller can buy them at $500. If she sold 10 options she now has to pay $9.5k for something worth $5k.
If you leverage it, it's even worse. So if you borrow $9k and invest $1k yourself, and the price of bitcoin rises by 10%, you just made a 100% return on investment (minus interest). But if the price drops by 10%, you lose 100% of your investment.
So derivatives and leverage can get ugly very quickly because you can trade away money you don't have, and trade on borrowed funds.
At the end of the day, individuals make these choices. If I'm so stupid to borrow $10k and gamble it away at the casino, that's my choice. But the idea is that professional traders (who are NOT prohibited from making these trades) can make much better choices than individual citizens of a low net worth and little financial experience or financial education. As such, it's best to protect these people from themselves, particularly in new markets like virtual money that is new, exciting and fragile (e.g. Mt. Gox wouldn't as easily happen in a 20-year old industry)
So I think the decision makes sense. It's not one that I'm necessarily against, although it's really hard to say. It's a bit like alcohol, it's important to allow individuals to have freedom to drink it the way they want. But selling 95% pure alcohol in stores to average citizens is not a good idea, even if it's possible to drink it responsibly (as in, drinking 10 ml of 90% alcohol with 20ml of water is no more dangerous than drinking 30ml of a 30% alcohol beverage.) Just because people have their own responsibility doesn't mean we should just allow anything. If you agree that driving 200 miles an hour is more dangerous and therefore should be prohibited (except for professional companies that run trains, airlines, car racing etc), then I think it's not unreasonable to prohibit extremely risky derivative products from non-professional users when these products have a very dangerous track record.
At the end of the day, anyone can still buy and sell bitcoin in Belgium, that's what counts for me.
@_date: 2014-03-23 18:55:25
Guys, BIT is not interesting for a 'security' (keeping bitcoins safe) perspective, it's interesting from a 'securities' perspective (providing a financial asset).
I'll shortly explain and invite everyone to look into this themselves:
In short, there are parties out there who invest hundreds of billions of dollars. Example: pensionfunds. Most countries have pensionfunds equal to 50 to 100% of its GDP, we're talking trillions of dollars here per country. These funds can only invest in certain assets. They couldn't, for example, currently buy and hold bitcoin for all kinds of reasons, in particular the way accounting, disclosure, administrative, procedural and regulatory issues are concerned. Even if they could hold bitcoin as an asset, they couldn't simply source it from a dozen different exchanges without running into massive problems. 
But what these funds *can* do, is buy shares of a company whose value is solely the amount of bitcoin it manages to source. These shares are regular financial assets, securities, which easily fit into existing models for pensionfunds, university endownment funds etc.
That's why it's extremely interesting. It's not really for individuals wanting to drop 10k. It's for serious investors who have to fit their bitcoin investment into existing accounting models.
The only thing this brings is demand for bitcoin, at the moment. That drives the price up. A higher price and institutional investment means more legitimacy, it means more respect from the media, from government, from investors in bitcoin companies, from banks considering to service bitcoin companies, from merchants considering to accept bitcoin, from mainstream people considering to use or hold bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-20 17:48:14
So software renting its own space, installing its own printers, repairing printer failure/jamming, doing the refills etc, either itself robotically, or by paying a human + verification that the human did as it was supposed to, popular within 5 years in every major city? 
I kind of doubt it. Again, the printer itself could be hugely automated and even exist in stores without oversight or employees, but owned, repaired, serviced and placed in a space rented by a human. That's pretty much a semi-DAC, and there's no obvious reason why it's much better to fully automate it.
But an interesting idea for sure. 
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:39:53
Let's just say, all those people buying bitcoin at $500 all the way up to $1300, thought that was a good price. And bitcoin is a million times further since this time last year. It's gotten hundreds of millions of dollars of investments, there are huge companies in the space now, it's a lot easier to obtain bitcoin, there are a ton more businesses to spend it, there's been lots of interest, praise and partnerships from tech legends and large companies. 
So you're essentially paying less for a lot more than people did last year.
Does that make it a good investment? It's impossible to tell, nobody can predict the price. But the investment makes a lot of sense, the fundamentals for bitcoin are stronger than ever in my opinion.
Just don't invest more than you can afford to lose, whether you buy bitcoin, gold, facebook shares or anything else.
@_date: 2014-10-31 20:56:07
Libertarians don't have a monopoly on the notion that regulation shouldn't be crap, and that was essentially my point.
Didn't advocate for no regulation at all. I merely said the current environment is evidently reason for at least one business shutting down that was facilitating the mining of roughly 5% of the bllocks in the blockchain. That means our regulators have to be clear about what they will and won't do and not ambiguously talk about burdening pools with e.g. identification requirements for every single person who points their CPU power towards the pool. It doesn't achieve anything we consider as a benefit to society, on the contrary.
That's not a libertarian point of view, it's a common sense one. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 09:03:23
Yeah it's pretty much everyone who touches bitcoin except vendors... heh. 
Besides this, another thing that felt so silly is that it does specifically exclude World of Warcraft gold from virtual currencies. (even though WoW is virtual, and bitcoin is not, because bitcoin does not live in a virtual world. It lives in the real world, has real-world implications, as a digital currency.)
@_date: 2014-08-10 09:46:30


Ah fair enough! Thanks :) That seems like a pretty good reason for multiple wallets.
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:18:32
Status: opened but not perfect.
Kraken, Coinmkt, Campbx, Atlas etc are all US-based. But most don't have MSB licenses in every state. Kraken decided to focus on Europe for now, the others seem to sort of ignore it hoping their single MSB license will be enough.
I think Kraken and Atlas will be very interesting though and I see a bright future for them once they get regulatory clearance and set up some partnerships. Apart from this, there's always Coinbase for the average customer.
@_date: 2014-07-21 20:54:30
Here I'll double your actual wealth $0.10
You're welcome and take care now!
@_date: 2014-06-07 10:46:50
Yup sorry! :D
1 upvote @_date: 2014-05-02 15:09:46
Damn, mastercard moved fast haha.
But hey, look into PGP for a second. Bitcoin companies use it just like many billion-dollar companies use it (e.g. Google is looking to implement it for Gmail, Google Drive etc). One of PGP's developers was Hal Finney, arguably the first person ever to receive bitcoin from Satoshi himself.
The funny thing is that for quite a long time PGP was seen as munitions and the creator of PGP had a criminal investigation launched against him for exports of munitions, even though it was just open source software at that point. Of course today, it's not criminal anymore and PGP is used all over the world by millions, usually unknowingly.
In short, as with all technologies, they can be used for good and bad. You can use a 3d printer to print a human heart to save a life or to print a deadly weapon to take a life. The technology is rarely inherently bad, and it's perfectly expected for governments to look into such new technologies. Let's hope they understand when man 'invited' fire, we were fortunately not foolish enough to say 'it's dangerous' and live in cold caves eating raw food forever after, and that similarly, bitcoin ought to be embraced even if it has dangerous components. Everything does.
@_date: 2014-07-07 09:59:35
Nah, the fee has nothing to do with the price quoted to the user.  See here:
@_date: 2014-07-05 09:12:24
They don't insure all deposits that's why they don't advertise it. (They explicitly said it like this).
@_date: 2014-07-29 19:47:46
Thanks. Looking forward to hear about any liquidity plans. Local exchanges Africa-wide are a big interest for me at this point.
Another question I have is this one. So depositing money into an account using MPesa is free, but paying someone else using MPesa obviously isn't. Do you guys pay a fee to charge the end-users' phone, or is this transaction regarded as a free 'deposit'.
On that note, you support various Kenyan mobile wallets, I was wondering how instrumental this is to the business model. As in, do you reckon it would be feasible to see a Bitpesa (without MPesa, but e.g. cash-pickup) beyond Kenya, say in Ghana, and are there any very long-term plans to do so, or is there an exclusive focus on Mpesa-based end users?
Lastly, any thoughts on the 3%? Obviously that could come down, was wondering what kind of timeframe would make sense. Sub 2% or even 1% within 12 months, or would that be very optimistic?
Thanks again!
@_date: 2014-09-04 08:07:08
This is idiotic. I've told you over and over again that creditcards are a 1940s insecure system where you must give all details to access your bank account to anyone you want to pay. Anything is more secure, bitcoin, but also cash or Paypal. Creditcards suck from a security point of view, this is pretty much a universally agreed upon opinion. But it's got strong network effects so we get path dependency despite better products (and I'm not just talking about bitcoin) existing.
Second, I'm NOT dismissing insurance at all. You're putting words in my mouth. My point is that it doesn't make sense to have a system that allows easy and rampant fraud in the billions affecting a third of credit card holders, costing consumers and businesses money, and then just solve it by slapping insurance on it. 
Insurance is awesome, it prevents a single guy from going bankrupt because his risk is shared among greater numbers. BUT IT DOES NOT MAKE THE COST GO AWAY. 
That's my point on insurance. I have insurance myself on lots of things, I love it. But if you build me a house that has a 5% annual chance of exploding and say 'but you're insured', I have all the right in the world to say it's a shit house and that the insurance doesn't solve that problem. On average the system (including myself) is paying 5% on average per year for exploded houses, even if my house didn't explode that year. That's the point. Insured creditcards is not some magic free service, it's costing us all money, and we need this insurance because fraud is so rampant. 
But then there's the second point which is that the insurance itself invites a lot of other problems. Again, agency problems. If I know I'm insured I have a new angle for fraud (spend, claim a skimmed card, get a refund). And it also invites carelessness. (Target has a breach affecting 110m creditcard holders? Who cares, I'm insured. As a customer, I don't demand a better security system from Target, I continue shopping there.) So while insurance is awesome, it's not free, and it perpetuates and even magnifies the problem. 
The solution then is NOT to keep on insuring a shitty system. The solution is a better system, and you can then insure that if you want (it'll cost less, have less fraud, less risk and it'd still be insured), just like Circle or Xapo or Coinbase are offering bitcoin insurance now.
@_date: 2014-04-08 15:10:57
I donate every month to charity, but I'm sorry, not to animals. 
The idea that not everyone is a vegitarian and we care about zoo animals is a joke in the first place. But other than that, I care for humans more than animals. (which doesn't mean humans can do with animals as they please. It simply means if I can spend $30 on a week of food for someone in Mali, I'd rather do that than buy a few days of meat for a caged tiger in a zoo).
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:41:13
I can't really imagine, nor how it would help them out.
Why claim something is lost to file for bankruptcy if you didn't lose shit and can continue making a shitton of money like it had been doing for years prior?
If you get saved from bankruptcy you make huge concessions in terms of ownership. (e.g. equity for debt plans). If they later remember the keys, they're now owned by the new owner. And it's likely they'll have massive legal problems from &gt;100k people wanting their money back. It's a bad idea.
@_date: 2014-12-18 02:41:07
Don't forget, a big portion of CC fees are simply because it's expensive by design. What that means is that the fee itself for changing some bits of data in a ledger, that's cheap. What's expensive are things like fraud, which is possible because every creditcard payment requires you to hand over the SINGLE private master key to all your money, and then relies on lots of other probabilities to detect fraud (note the probability thing). This is where you see fraud rates like 10% of all Americans having dealt with CC fraud, 7% with ATM fraud etc. We're talking billions of dollars here, and someone is paying for them. Lowering revenue has nothing to do with the problem of lowering these costs, it's completely separate.
So this notion that costs disappear when revenue-caps are put in place are nonsense. The costs still exist, so they'll find other ways to pay for them. For example, a report earlier this month:


Sounds like there's no need for a system that actually removes fees because it removes costs, like bitcoin, eh?
Beyond that though, even if this was all awesome for creditcard companies and consumers, even years ago when just about no merchant accepted bitcoin, we all concluded that bitcoin would not be revolutionary because it'd improve on credit card payments. 
The OP's question of 'does this affect bitcoin's business model' to me is like asking 'did the internet's business model fail because we still spent the last decade calling mostly over old phone lines rather than voip?'. It looks at this value-network that is bitcoin as a limited business to compete against creditcards for the fraction of the global population who use them, it's so much more than that.
But does it affect bitcoin's place in the payments space in Europe (a place where, let's not forget, there is a fetish for paying with debit, rather than credit like in the US)? Sure, it changes some things. 
But let's not act like this is a godsend to consumers, you'd fail to mention this: the proposal also carries the notion that consumers become liable up to about $70 for theft. Meaning not only does the merchant still get screwed when someone pays with a stolen card (more frequent than you think) as he has to return the money and is out of his product (which ultimately the average consumer pays for anyway), but the individual consumer now also pays for the theft directly. Yet consumers are still forced, by design, to use an insecure system where one needs to hand over the key to their entire money vault anytime they buy so much as a lollipop with a CC. Again, this proposal doesn't solve systemic problems in the design of archaic creditcard technology. 
Of course this doesn't even mention the actual fees of owning a creditcard, or the cost of actual credit, and the various late payment charges. Nor does it mention the fixed fees merchants pay, i.e. their monthly subscription to process money, besides the cost per-swipe, or silly things like a setup-fee, cancellation fee, monthly minimum fee (all these apply to consumers and merchants). And I won't get into the politics of payment processing, like denying wikileaks donations. 
We also must not forget that this doesn't apply to all cards, e.g. American Express is exempt (3-party systems instead of 4-party are exempt).
And lastly, does this ruling really affect anything in the long-run? No. Of course not, it's illogical. The entire notion that CC companies would be threatened by bitcoin, and then forced to reduce fees, and then happily out-compete bitcoin ever after because of something they were forced to do, is illogical. If bitcoin really were to become a payments threat at some point, and the only thing the CC companies had to do was lower fees, they'd just do it themselves anyway. So a government forcing this is just doing something that would have been inevitable. i.e. if bitcoin can't compete against all the fees I mentioned, and can't compete on non-financial reasons (e.g. autonomy of your own money), and has no other raison d'etre outside of replacing CC payments, then it'd be dead within a few years anyway. This changes nothing.
As for whether it's actually happening? It still has to be endorsed by member states and by the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee, and then next year it must be voted on by the parliament. It's certainly not as 'official' as the title says. We'll see.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:04:58
Ah so the button had nothing to do with anything, it didn't unlcok anything for example... it was just a form to phish for the email password. That's relieving to hear hehe. 2FA all the way then.
@_date: 2014-04-30 12:31:03
Really great introduction. Doesn't really explain much about the technology, but that's the point. I hope they'll do a small series to delve slightly deeper into things. At the moment I can imagine people not really caring about the middleman too much as people are completely unaware of hidden fees and costs when making transactions with credit or even cash. Without focusing a little bit more on these things, I can imagine my less educated self to have said 'so what?' and move on. Excellent start nonetheless.
@_date: 2014-10-19 12:30:27


"Haha, I remember I walked into a store and stole their cash. That was so funny."
You're describing blatant theft. You're an asshole. I'm sure you know or will know at some point in your life, how it feels when someone steals significant amounts of money from you and I hope that this experience will at least make you stop laughing about it.
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:34:59
Well get a wallet then :D 
Sign up at Coinbase.com, once you do let me know and I'll send you a dollar!
I've sent you a referral link in a PM to sign up, it may give you $5 due to the referral, not sure if they still do it or only for .edu accounts, but try it out I guess.
For starters, here's 1 rapper! @_date: 2015-06-18 18:37:32
Did you read the article? 1) it's not even implemented, just considered. 2) what is considered is limiting capital flows, not stealing, the money will still be there after all is said and done.
Unless of course the country goes bankrupt, then your money is gone. And guess what, if you don't limit cash flows of rich people taking their money and fleeing the country, that's exactly what happens: everybody left (99.99% of the population) will lose their money. And not just their bank accounts, but also their pension funds, and their homes will devalue, and their businesses will go bankrupt.
Look at the bigger picture here.
@_date: 2014-09-29 12:32:01
Just wanted to leave this here for all (US) based students:




It's via TBI's website which I trust, but otherwise be careful with filling out random google docs stuff.
@_date: 2014-07-23 10:27:54
Not many Amsterdam things tbh... (I live here). Mostly just Dutch online sites like thuisbezorgd which is awesome (thousands of food places all over the country on one takeaway-website, allow you to easily order food and then check out using bitcoin) or something like deonlinedrogist. But not many physical places. There was one coffee place, check out the bitpay blog until you find it as they promoted it, should take a minute or so. There's also a restaurant Warie's which is okay, it's a small chinese takeaway with 3 tables or so. Besides this there's some stuff you probably don't on a holiday need like a makerspace accepting bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-13 16:13:06
Thanks bud
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:21:16
Agreed it's pretty bad atm. Lots of outdated information on various public places like the wiki.
I'm glad bitcoin.com is much better these days. It's a place I don't mind sending people.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:25:30
Impressive, love this. It's the only feature that was missing.
Coinbase for me is now a very solid and complete first product. A lot more is possible, but all of the basics are there for me. Buy/Sell, Send &amp; Spend, SMS Access, Long-Term cold storage, 2FA.
I hope they'll be able to tackle a user-friendly multi-sig and release fully compatible apps before the year ends.
@_date: 2014-03-15 22:38:51
No it is not easy at all to build a new social network, because it requires massive investments yet there is no advantage for early adopters of a new network to jump into. Why get on google when 0 of your friends are on.
With crypto its different, an exchange or payment processor doesnt need large investments, it is actually relatively easy to add a new currency, exchanges do it all the time, cryptsy does it weekly. 
But a cryptocurrency does need hashrate to be sufficient and that requires huge investments that are not as trivial. These asics investments are not related to metcalfes law, in fact, more the inverse, the fewer miners the better for an individual miner. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:51:42
In all honesty, it's a bit like saying electric generators are going to succeed because once every few years the electricity goes down and you have no recourse or solution, except generate your own electricity.
I love bitcoin and have all my money in it, but I don't think it'll succeed just because the alternative system fails to service me every few years when my cash runs out, my creditcard and debitcard get temporarily blocked and my bank isn't open and I can't get some quick money from my friends all at the same time. It happens but it's not a reason for me to say goodbye to fiat. Bitcoin will succeed for other reasons.
@_date: 2014-10-04 13:25:21
I don't get you.
Example: Price is $100. You buy, price drops to $50. 
You say 'oh, I lost $50, I should cover my losses. If I buy at $50 and the price appreciates back to $100 I've covered my losses'.
No. You do NOTHING. If the price appreciates back to $100, you'll have covered your losses. What you are doing is 'doubling down'. It's completely different. And looking at the level of thought and level of risk you're taking, you're pretty much gambling with your money.
If you believe, in the above example, that the price will appreciate back to $100, then be confident and patient. You've risked some money, but it can be okay. If you don't believe it, then why invest even more money if you think you'll lose that, too?
I just can't fathom HOW you can risk everything, hundreds of thousands, money you saved, worked for, money you inherited, without spending 5 minutes looking at the price chart.
If you did, you'd have seen that the price of bitcoin collapsed many times, numerous times by 50%. In 2011 it dropped by more than 90%, from $30 or so to $2 or so. In 2012 it dropped from $7 to $4 and from $13 to $8 and in 2013 from $230 to $80.
If it's any surprise to you that bitcoin could, for months, drop in value, you're simply not looking. And if you're not looking and investing over $100k, you're gambling!
STOP. Just stop. Don't double down, don't invest more than you can lose. Just stop. If you believe in bitcoin, great, I do, remain ownership of the bitcoin you can lose without bankrupting you and your family and not a penny more.  But don't double down and invest more than you're willing to lose. And for the love of god, stop obsessing about the price. Do something fun, go work, do stuff with friends and family. You've got a beautiful life to live regardless of bitcoin. If you're obsessed with bitcoin, start a company or a service. But you can't make the price change no matter how many days you look at the chart. Never obsess about price. Let it go, invest what you could afford to lose in a worst case scenario, and enjoy the vastly bigger and more important rest of your life.
@_date: 2014-04-08 11:05:54
Russell, I'd really love to hear your stance on the long-term role of ATMs in the bitcoin economy. 
We've regularly seen ATMs with more than 5% fees, often around 9% and at times up to 15%. Obviously, at these fees, bitcoin completely loses its cost-benefit versus creditcard payments and even remittance payments (if two ATMs are involved incurring fees twice).
I was wondering how low you think ATM fees can go in the medium-term given there is enough competition to drive down fees that float about 5-10% above the cost of running an ATM. Will it go down to 2% or could it go as low as 0.2%? I'm really curious.
Also, perhaps you could talk a little bit about what concrete services you expect ATMs to perform in a few years from now besides spitting out bitcoin/fiat and what kind of business models this would allow. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:02:13
Well no shit :P Not saying I like it or approve of it, but it's hardly surprising and I guess you can imagine yourself why that is. It's pretty sad but that's life. 
When you get A) people with a financial interest for bitcoin to succeed (and perhaps more importantly, for others to believe bitcoin will succeed), and put them on a forum anonymously, and B) let them speak on Fintech when most people don't have the slightest clue about Fintech, never worked in a Fintech startup or established business or read anything about it, same for economics etc, you can end up with a shitty discussion every now and then.
But then there's also a whole range of really clever and smart users. I've both had my brain melted by stupidity here, and learned a ton from people much smarter than I am. But really it hasn't got all that much to do with bitcoin in particular.
@_date: 2014-04-05 12:33:08
Thanks buddy, that's very kind. Doge is a great thing in this world, nothing against it.
Really curious to hear from you some time, please feel free to share any thoughts whenever. One thing that does concern me for example, is whether Bitcoin isn't the MySpace of online social communities. Bitcoin may simply be an inspiration and something that creates a culture of understanding among individuals, businesses, investors and regulators, that will allow something else to usurp it. There are a lot of reasons that this isn't the case. (in particular, Bitcoin being software that can adapt and carry many different businesses and services). But it's still too soon to say for me.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:11:55
Mostly age. Kraken was started in 2011, but they didn't do public beta until late 2013 and have only had actual public operations for 4-5 months or so. Meanwhile, they have 0 USD volume and that scares people off. Between these two things and their low size, they're relatively unknown.
But I don't actually think there are many people who used Kraken for a few weeks who actually then say, Bitstamp is better. Most people it seems who hate on Kraken (and there aren't *that* many tbh), never or barely used it. And you'll always get 1% of people who get some issues with their bank or internet or register just as there is a DoS attack, and they're going to be extremely vocal about that. You have this with virtually every product in the world, but in an all-digital, all-online product/community, it's more pronounced.
@_date: 2014-04-06 15:07:25
Tell him the IRS views bitcoin as property and Fincen sees it as a money-substitute. (present them these documents) You were therefore either paid for a service in money or in property (barter trade). Meaning he simply either stole your money or your property which you rightfully earned as a productive entrepreneurial spirit.
That should get both your parents and the principal on your side, and if not, the courts.
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:01:58
Canada is 20m peeps. Europe, well once you have an EU banking partner, you can accept SEPA from anyone, meaning you can onboard half a billion people or so in a reasonable timeframe. The issue here being things like customer support, translation, testing etc. So the rollout isn't instant, it's gradual, but it's pretty straightforward.
With Canada you'd ideally want a separate canadian banking relationship and a unique Canadian license.
So I can see why it's not a priority.
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:15:05
Indeed. Of course miners could choose to ignore these transactions. Coinbase would continue to work off-chain, exchanges are all off-chain except infrequent deposit/withdrawals (which could have fees of say $1-5 and continue working), so it wouldn't blow up immediately. But yeah, that's definitely something that can happen, although I don't think anyone would actually consider spending half a million to disrupt the network for a week, even the billion dollar companies.
But floating fees, bigger blocks and possibly even faster blocks, are all things that Gavin and the other core devs are very likely (with the first two pretty much certain, and the latter a possibility). Floating fees means that the first 10% of capacity might cost 10 cents per tx, but if you want to buy 100% of capacity, a tx might cost a few dollars, so it becomes very expensive for spammers to pay a high and increasing cost for 0 utility. e.g. sending $1000k back home for $10 per tx is an amazing deal that's 10x cheaper than Western Union, but it'd cost $6m a day if you want to fill all tx capacity, which becomes expensive quick, and floating fees can do that. And it's pretty easy to scale capacity by another 10x without much work, and much higher once you start optimizing networks, prune the blockchain etc. 
So clogging the network in a few years will likely cost upwards of $100m per day due to e.g. 10x more capacity and floating fees, sustaining such an attack would be impossible and off-chain transactions would continue to work just fine.
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:41:14
Safello, Kraken, Bitstamp, Bitcoin-Central all look pretty sweet. In terms of getting bitcoin, I'd say Europe is perhaps the best place because banking is actually pretty awesome, SEPA transactions are generally fast and free. Depositing fiat somewhere is a breeze.
In terms of retail, it's pretty shit. But don't wait for it, make it happen. Ask your local and national merchants to accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-16 11:36:10
Obviously he's saying if the US has it, and Britain has it, then it's likely the Netherlands will get it, too. In other words, this notion that you 'forgot' your private key may be pretty useless not before long. And obviously some forward thinking is in place here, what may happen next year or in the next 5 years is an interesting point of discussion.
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:28:22


@_date: 2014-11-07 23:09:19
Nah everyone's talking about the rate as far as I can see. 
Anyway, as for your point, I agree I think it's better to agree on a job with one person, set some conditions and then pay out if they're met. 
99designs is an interesting business for example. You basically put up a design contest and pick and choose. There has been a lot of criticism, as well as some cautious appreciation. It seems to work brilliantly for some, while others do a lot of decent work but never get picked and don't make any money. I don't really like it myself, it seems to put too much power in the hands of the paying party. The counterargument though is that it's a free world, you don't have to participate in 99designs as a designer. Still doesn't feel right though.
@_date: 2014-04-21 10:59:54
Unless bitcoin completely fails (e.g. security issues, scalability issues, that can't be overcome in a reasonable timeframe) or is usurped by a vastly better alternative, or is criminalized to the extent it dies (e.g. if its criminal for any merchant to accept it, if ATMs get shut down, if banks don't service exchanges, if payment processors get shut down), there's an extremely large chance that bitcoin will become a major force in payments and the tokens that it requires (bitcoins) would easily appreciate by 10x, perhaps 100x in a very long-term. 
That's because the fundamentals are so strong, a cheap, open, permissionless, global, digital, programmable system almost always becomes extremely important. (e.g. the Internet or Linux).
But you'll note how many things have to go right. Security is a concern, both at the protocol level (51% attacks are trivially inexpensive for most countries, most large companies and most wealthy individuals), the consumer level (it's still tricky for an average person to secure their bitcoins, yet use them frictionlessly on a daily basis), favourable regulation is not a certainty yet in any one country, let alone in most/all places, because bitcoin is open-source it's possible to iterate on it (which goes both ways,) or build an entirely new system to compete with it.
So far it's looking extremely promising. The trend lines are great on virtually every aspect. e.g. merchant &amp; user adoption, 51% cost, regulation, medium-term price, consumer-security tools, multi-sig tools, hardware wallets, professional businesses, VC investments, lack of viable alternatives etc. It's all either there or in the works and virtually all metrics are positive in the medium/long term.
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:34:24
So this isn't Bitpay it's Blockchain.info. All the guys I know of have seemed pretty awesome. If you're interested, note that you might not have loads of colleagues at first. They did get VC funded recently for $30m, so they'll likely set up office somewhere properly, but until now most of their employees were scattered around the planet collaborating almost entirely digitally. Over time the office should fill up :)
Anyway, glad to see they're letting the money roll, and I think we all agree front-end is a big priority for blockchain.info :P All these programmer-graphics could use an upgrade!
@_date: 2014-08-28 11:44:55
Cold storage cold storage cold storage. It's the only way to be safe from hacking. 
Bitcoin allows you to create a 256-bit number, that, if random (e.g. literally flip coins or throw dice if you want), will never ever ever ever be created by anyone else.
That means you can turn your entire security question into a matter of securing physical storage of a tiny piece of data. That's easy. You take the data, encrypt it with your own strong password you, then store it. Whether that's on paper, stored on a USB stick, metal, engraved in wood, or written in feces on your wall, is up to you, that's not really the point. The point is that this no longer has anything to do with bitcoin. It'd be similar to securing an encyclopedia, a contract, a $100 bill: make sure nobody has access to it. e.g. put it in a bank vault if you want.
That's going to be the majority of your money. If you own $100k and spend $1k a month and earn $4k a month, keep $100k in cold storage (above), put $1k in Coinbase and set up an automatic buy for $1k a month.
For example. The mix of cold/hot storage is up to you, dependent on your spending patterns. It'll be different for a long-term hoarder (spend 1% of bitcoin annually for example) than for a continuous spender (spend and buy back 500% of holdings annually). 
I personally do more than 95% cold-storage. The remaining funds I have with an insured wallet (Xapo/Circle/Coinbase, Circle at the moment) that offers 2 factor authentication. If I had a trezor I'd use that instead.
@_date: 2014-04-16 12:59:10
Yeah my numbers are a bit off, they're back of the envelope calculations and I was a bit sloppy. I'd approximate it at about 0.52% or so.
You can make your own calculations here. This is a pretty good starting point:
Gold trade is hard to measure as there's a lot of OTC trading. This amount was approximated, and put the total trading at about $15.2 trillion, while gold reserves are approximately $8 trillion.
Gold liquidity is actually extremely close to bitcoin, I think that was the 0.3% number I mistakenly stated instead of the closer 0.52%, when I took an approximate average of about 60m daily blockchain trading and compared it to a 6.5b market cap, it's about 0.3% daily trading. (of course this doesn't include off-chain transactions at exchanges, or when a Coinbase customer pays a Coinbase merchant. So volume is probably a bit higher, and would put iteven closer to daily gold liquidity.)
So anyone saying bitcoin has low liquidity, relatively, it's actually not bad at all. 
Thanks for posting!
@_date: 2014-12-21 09:58:00
Fair enough! My apologies if I came across as combative here.
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:08:23
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:47:56
The calculations are difficult for me to make exactly, so I won't try, but indeed, $1.2b seems way off.
I think this is important to point to: academic, independent research from a leading university:
This guy has a PhD in computer science, by the way. He estimated monthly trading at $1.2m for this global exchange.
Comparisons with global narcotics are easy to make. There are many estimates from the FBI to the UN putting it above $300b anually, sometimes above $400b. In other words, fiat currency and barter was the choice of criminals. And let's not forget, Silk Road was shut down, this notion of anonymous crime if only you use bitcoin is too simple and naive.
Another important perspective is this, after Silk Road was busted bitcoin grew by tenfold in a span of 1-2 months. At the same time, trading actually grew. This notion that Silk Road was a massive portion of bitcoin, or a massive portion of global narcotics trade, is clearly misinformed by a huge margin, even if the exact numbers are not available.
I encourage everyone to communicate this. These are basic principles everyone has to understand. In the same way that Mt. Gox was an anti-bitcoin company, in that it was centralized, not trustless, didn't use the blockchain for transactions and didn't provide cryptographic auditing and didn't utilize cryptography-based cold storage. In other words, Mt. Gox was everything wrong with how finance functioned before bitcoin, and it's the great example of what can happen if we don't use the bitcoin protocol the way we could and should. Basic things.
@_date: 2014-09-30 11:05:07
This. Advertising on mainstream channels is really something reserved for incumbents who already have revenue streams. You really don't want to spend millions on mainstream marketing when you have no monetization model. Instead you'll be banking on the fact that, well, you have no monetization, meaning you offer a free service. That's marketing itself, look at the entire subreddit frontpage for example. You'll be grabbing the low-hanging fruit, the early adopters who look for you, instead of the other way around. And indeed as you say you'll be doing cheap stuff like social media, conference presence, media presence (Circle being talked about on Coindesk, Bloomberg etc, because it's free, a cool startup and visible at conferences).
And lastly, you'll generally want to do digital native advertising for digital products. It's hard to advertise a website on TV/Radio and expect people to remember and check it on their computer later, relatively that is, compared to advertising on reddit, social, google ads, and simply getting a clickthrough.
I think it'll happen at some point but not now. To be honest the whole Bitpay bitbowl was quite a surprise to me, I don't really think it'll help all that much, especially for a business to business company. Of course the first one to do it will receive a lot of 'collateral' marketing. i.e. media and individuals chatting about how Bitcoin receives mainstream marketing. But the second person to do this doesn't get this effect as much, and the third gets zero. So for Bitpay to be the first company to do something novel like that isn't the worst idea. But I think it'll be a while until we see TV ads. But I hope Circle will push $100k monthly for customer acquisition through digital marketing once their native apps are out.
@_date: 2014-10-15 11:09:57
Thanks for documenting this, it's really important as a community to regulate ourselves to the best of our ability.
Can also say I'm proud of your braveness in facing the court if you have to. Please let us know if you want to set up a legal fund. I'm sure the 800 people who upvoted this can send $2 your way. It's not much, but it'll help, and if you win and they pay the legal fees, it'll cover some of the rent you paid for nothing.
Keep us updated!
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:11:40
oh god... No. 
Coinbase's wallet is designed to function as your car. It's intended to let you drive it whenever you want, that's the big goal, it's not a bus or intended to work as a bus. The fact that it's not working does not make it a bus, it makes it a car that has issues. In the same way that if you had your own car, it could malfunction and even though you had full control and could repair it, it could still break and not work for a long time.
But let's put this analogy to bed because it has holes in it. It was merely used to illustrate that when you have X, and X is malfunctioning, it's just a malfunctioning X, not something else. You're arguing for whether X is suposed to be called X regardless of whether it is or isn't malfunctioning, which is not what I used the car analogy for so it doesn't work very well.
@_date: 2014-08-23 18:02:51
Let's just say if they close your account because you wrote something favorable about their competitor, you should be pretty glad you don't have an account with them anymore :P Cause that's beyond fucked up.
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:48:25
It's likely his drinks are colder than his storage
@_date: 2014-03-21 00:20:52
agreed bud
@_date: 2014-04-30 13:30:52
In other words, speculation of financial theft of ad revenue from Stefan that is completely unrelated to bitcoin without a shred of evidence.
Please discuss with your friends, not here.
In any case at least spell his name right.
@_date: 2014-07-07 10:55:29


How can you reverse something in an irreversible system O,o?
Anyway, I'll have you know mediation is notoriously bad. And that's the point. When you have a few centralized payment systems like Paypal, they become the mediator. You have no choice. If you don't want them to mediate, you've lost your money.
And frankly, the chargeback system for Paypal for example sucks. It costs a lot of money to even dispute a chargeback before you even have a chance of getting your money back. Just search on google Paypal Chargeback Stories, you'll find a million.
Stuff like this is common place. Over and over again, merchants (like me) have sent all the proof to Paypal, yet still lost the case. And because there are only very few systems like Paypal, we have no choice in who to mediate the trade.
But if you have a system with irreversibility, then you can choose to build reversibility on top by e.g. using an escrow system (a mediator). The difference is, YOU can choose the mediator, because the underlying payment system is open to ALL, with no restrictions, no licenses or permissions needed. That means the two parties can choose their own mediator before hand. This is a much, much better system.
Third party mediation isn't a bad thing, but it is when there's only 1 choice of a mediator and he happens to be shit. That's Paypal.
@_date: 2014-06-26 19:15:47
err, you're right sorry, flip a coin is what I meant. Each flip gives you a bit of data (0 or 1). So throw 128 times for a 128-bit random number which is extremely safe. Odds are if someone tried flipping coins for trillions of years on end, they'd never get the same sequence. (the possible sequences is 2^128. A quick quote on the size of that number here:)


The dice are for something like diceware.com. Check it out. It's a list of 7776 (6^5) words. Each word has a number of 5 digits which can be 1 to 6. So if you throw a die five times, you get a 5-digit number and you can look up the word in the list.
If you then take say 15 of such words, you get a truly random passphrase, 1 of 7776^15 possible combinations, which is an insanely large number. It would take many trillions of years to go through each phrase if you guessed 1 billion of them per second.
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:07:31
Fed rates are not consumer rates. You can still get 0.5 - 1% on a checking account and in a 4-year period you can get 1-2% on a savings account per year. Not much money but it can beat inflation to a large extent.
edit: yay for downvoting factual information. 0 opinion here, literally pulling information from my own checking and savings account and national inflation rates. It's like downvoting a properly-sourced wikipedia entry on inflation and interest rates. Ridiculous. I have 10 bitcoin, love it, but some people in this community... where do I begin...
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:22:19
No, the cost to the network is 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes. The cost of a transaction is about 10 cents. These are seperate things. That is, even if 0 transactions or 1 billion transactions were made, the cost to the network would always be 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes, while the cost of transactions would either be 0 or $100m. Two different things. Cost to the network can't be expressed as a per-bitcoin-transaction, it's just simply a logical fallacy to look at it like this.
@_date: 2014-06-22 06:15:59
Awesome, an example of a large merchant letting lower fees translate to lower prices. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:31:20
not entirely fair, I can't find exact numbers for industry averages, but 7 and 10% I've seen in a few articles. But I just saw as low as 3-5% as well, 
for example here: 
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:02:54
No. It's a deposit interest rate.
So, say you put $100 in the bank at -1% interest rates. That means you must pay 1% in interest to the bank, instead of earning 1% interest from the bank.
This is the same only for banks and the central bank. The bank can't deposit money at the central bank anymore and earn interest, it'll have to pay.
This means they're incentivized to lend it out to consumers and businesses instead and to encourage that and compete for borrower interest, interest rates of banks are going to come down a bit, but not a whole lot. You will still need to pay the bank. This increases inflation a tiny bit, which means fixed-supply like bitcoin/gold becomes slightly more interesting.
@_date: 2014-07-08 14:34:02
So a couple of things that came to mind:
Distribution is insanely difficult, and if there's no proper distribution then there's little trust. So those network effects will probably be really slow to take off.
It's very hard for this to take off. For one, the early adopters will need to do two things. Firstly they'll need to buy all these rights, which means their product will be more expensive from the get go. Of course, the price of carbon at this point is relatively low due to little demand, so that might work. But then they also need to have some form of proving ownership of carbon, as well as proving how much carbon they really used. That's not just technically tricky, but it also creates all kinds of competitive intelligence issues where companies don't want to disclose this.
Then there's policing. You mentioned a few enforcement schemes, but you either have one which is restricted. i.e. a US congress has limited jurisdiction in Europe, for example. Or you have one by the people, a reputational system. But the issue here is that reputation systems seem to affect people because of advantages to them, but climate change isn't one of them. In other words, yes if a review says the product breaks after 3 weeks, you don't buy. If the review says the hotel is dirty, you don't book. If the review says the cow was injected with hormones, you don't buy. Because of quality / hygiene / health. If the product says 'did not cap n trade for carbon', it doesn't affect them directly at the point of consumption. So such a review process isn't as strong. Especially considering so many people don't even believe or care for climate change, which is why congress can get away with acting so slowly. 
Then there's the fact that the supply chain is mucky. i.e. if you buy a pizza somewhere, the pizza owner doesnt use all that much carbon. That happens much earlier in the supply chain. So now the pizza place has to set up an entire tracking &amp; reporting mechanism on every ingredient or pizza he buys and get this information. I think that's really really tricky.
Anyway that just came to mind.. The general idea sounds good but execution is important. A lot of things seem incredibly unlikely at first (like airbnb) but can work out just fine. So id be happy to see more especially a demo/prototype.
Are you actively building this platform? Considered lighthouse for funding?
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:35:42
thuisbezorgd is awesome, the thai restaurant was a bit of a hassle for me :p the food was fine though!
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:04:18
We've all been there, most of us without the buttcoin community, but certainly most of us laughed at the notion of bitcoin before we 'got it'.
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:41:49
No hard evidence, just lots of signs and deductive reasoning.
If you have a country where there's half a dozen awesome exchanges, yet bitcoin is semi-banned, and one of those 6 is doing 5x the volume of another exchange that operates worldwide in the reserve currency (bitstamp/dollar) completely legally, and it's actually one of the few really decent exchanges around, you can kind of infer that there's bs volume.
There's also lots of volume that seems to be on a timer the past months. Set buys at set intervals. Could be an honest bot, but more likely just an internal bot to pump volume.
Few people really take China volume seriously at this point. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 09:04:43
Yeah that's an interesting angle, aim high and compromise a little bit..
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:32:31
Indeed. 
They mostly get derided for not launching product while supposedly hyping and promising to launch though, while that's not really true. They haven't launched yet, but that's to be expected. The CEO Jeremy Allaire founded and built multiple companies worth hundreds of millions, one of which, ColdFusion, is used by 75 of the fortune 100. Investors believed in him, so they gave him $25m without a product, without customers or cashflow. 
That means they don't have to start small, they don't need to go lean, they don't need to launch the second they have a minimum viable product. They can build for 2 years if they want with a team of 20 and not spend even 25% of their cash. So it's to be expected they don't launch. Of course they do closed beta testing, they need to iterate on a product somehow, but that's all they did. 
Like Google, they have a stash of cash that'll last a decade, so they can afford to prototype Google Glass in 2011 and not sell until 2014. If you expected a launch by now you're being silly, that's not how Circle was funded. That's how Bitpay was funded, $500k, release early, build cashflow, then raise $2m, continue building, then raise $30m. Circle does it the other way around. Neither is better or worse, but people in this community need to take a course in expectation management haha. (and Circle does too, by the way, given people's hopes it's important to communicate on this. But they've never published a single date or deadline or full launch and not delivered and they pretty much never hype at all, so it's hard to fault them.)
@_date: 2014-06-07 13:18:06
1 upvote! @_date: 2014-07-22 14:19:37
This is pretty sweet. Hailo lags uber/lyft, but not by much and they drive a significant amount of rides. Hope this works out.
edit: extra angle: lots of migrant worker taxi drivers who remit money home, hailo ceo says paying out in bitcoin would let them remit more easily.
@_date: 2014-03-12 00:44:20
Bitpay is btc to one of 150 currencies
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:45:08


Interesting note, but let's look at a few things.
Firstly, there's this notion of you putting in the wrong address. This means you're to blame. It'd be quite a bad system if you could get your money back and for them to lose their product (which cost them to make/buy and ship) when *you* are to blame. The more just system would be that you are to blame, thus you have the burden of cost, the merchant only did as instructed.
The other option is you putting in the right address, but them shipping it to the wrong address. This is much less common as most systems are automated (i.e., whatever you tell them is the address, they'll put on the sticker. It's pretty rare for people to manually write down addresses and get it wrong.) In this case, you can contact them. They ought to keep a record of shipping (to prove they shipped the item) which shows the wrong address. This means you have legal recourse to require them to ship the product to you, because it was their fault. If they don't have records of where they shipped, then they cannot prove they did ship and as you never received anything, the court will side with the customer. This means that companies that handle their shipping in an automated manner, or keep records of their shipping, have no problems.
So far, the system has no big flaws without chargebacks. But let's look at it a different way and suppose there might be foul play involved.
Who should have the burden of risk? A company who might get a chargeback after actually shipping an item? Or a person, who might not be able to do a chargeback after not receiving an item?
Well, the question is, what's more likely? 
Amazon defrauding its customer and not shipping that $15 book a customer bought, thereby risking losing hundreds or thousands of dollars of future sales to this person, and risking ruining the brand worth billions after customers complain en masse? 
Or, is it more likely a customer will defraud Amazon and say they never received the book, get their book and then get their money back. The worst that can happen is Amazon spends hundreds of dollars to try to prove they're innocent, which they might not win, and you having to pay $15 for the book you actually bought, and perhaps Amazon closing your account, allowing you to simply open another account, and you'll never risk loss to your reputation or prison time or anything.
In short, I think the chances are higher the customer will try to defraud the merchant than the other way around.
Now there are a lot of details and caveats, and yes chargebacks can be useful in some cases. But you need only look at the amount of fraud and apply the common sense above and you will probably easily conclude that, while chargebacks have positive value, on the whole it's probably better to not have them because it creates so many problems.


Recurring payments can in principle be done with bitcoin. I can actually go to my bank and start or cancel recurring payments. I can also go to Coinbase (if not now, in a few months) and start or cancel recurring payments just the same. Or I can open up my computer and program some software to do it. The key point here though is that it requires permission from *me*. It's pretty ridiculous once you make a CC payment, you actually send your public and private key, so to speak, and anyone can make pull transactions. I'd prefer they request me to agree to recurring push transactions and me agreeing to that (e.g. by instructing Coinbase to make these transactions monthly), it's my money, my control.
@_date: 2014-08-08 18:35:53
Yeah Ripple is doing great with all those investments...
Any actual bitcoin startups? Also I've got no clue what specific parts of 'this basis for assessment' refers to. I've basically said you're not going to get a return on investment, merchants looking to sell products are not going to want to pay to give away free money, that a community effort might work, that there are better ideas to invest in and that WHATEVER the merit of your idea is, it's best to prototype it. i.e. compare the bitcoin whitepaper's impact to that of bitcoin. The former would be pretty weak without the latter. 
So quit talking and actually get some friends, put up a few hundred bucks of your own money, convince a local business and get it to work. If it works, then ask for money to scale this out. Stop talking about the basis of my assessment, just build it already.
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:23:53
Story time? :D Had an sick dentistry operation this morning haha, now food with family. Got some javascript learning scheduled for tonight, who knows I might build a bitcoin wallet one day :P
Tomorrow picking up a bike I bought for my bro's birthday! Can't wait for him to not borrow mine anymore LOL
Awesome thread!
@_date: 2014-12-02 09:52:23
Bitcoin powered finance without the volatility.
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:23:19
What you say isn't incorrect, but that doesn't mean that inflation must be included in the 'per transaction cost' terminology. It's simply a seperate thing. Just like fiat inflation isn't included when talking about e.g. cash or creditcard transaction fees, they're seperate things.
I'm not saying bitcoin inflation fees don't exist, they clearly do (and historically have been offset by orders of magnitude due to demand outpacing it by huge margins), but they're not 'per transaction costs'. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 18:51:44
It's very significant, of course it was a natural evolution. (when you build a remittance product you bring bitcoin into Kenya and exchange it for Kenyan shilling, so obviously at some point this creates liquidity and a market for bitcoin in Kenya). It's significant because it's really hard to get access to bitcoin in Kenya. Exchanges barely exist, because there's no real liquidity (e.g. what Tim Draper did with the SR coins, provide liquidity in South America.) Liquidity is missing because there's no real mining being done, nor are there elegant financial systems for everyone to access foreign exchanges, and capital controls are found in many African countries even if banking services were available to all.
So this is great. Build small pools of liquidity in an African country through a natural inflow of bitcoin: remittance.
Obviously it won't be a game changer. I think Bitpesa is actually running pretty low volume still. And MPesa worked not because it was digital money, it worked because everyone who didn't have a bank account could use it because most people had at least a feature phone with non-internet connectivity. We don't have the option available right now to build a bitcoin wallet to use that specific type of connectivity on feature phones.
Some bitcoin wallets using SMS definitely do exist (like Coinbase), but that's not what Mpesa uses. It uses USSD and STK apps, which require permission from the mobile network (the carrier). That's one of the main problems. In fact, one bitcoin company built such a wallet in Kenya and it was shut down because it used connectivity on a closed network of a mobile network operator, as opposed to an open network like bitcoin.
So it'll be a while til this catches on. Kenya has experienced inflation of 30% yoy just a few years ago, so bitcoin could be an interesting store of longer-term value even when a bitcoin wallet as a 'daily driver' isn't convenient. But for that bitcoin is just too volatile still (2014 is the case in point).
So really you either need 
1) a very cheap and elegant SMS wallet and a local (business) community to drive adoption, education, awareness etc. 
2) A bitcoin business partnering or obtaining permission from a local carrier. (a big VC investor supporting a solid company and a bit of government lobbying can go a long way). This way you'd be able to get bitcoin wallets just like Mpesa wallets. 
3) The emergence of smartphones and at least ubiquitous low-bandwidth mobile internet. This one isn't as far off as we may think. In 2013 Kenya saw a $50 smartphone. In 2014 Kenya saw a $20 smartphone (yes, with facebook, youtube, google maps etc and indeed bitcoin apps). And sending a transaction requires 500 bytes of data. Cost of data transfer is about 20 cents per 1 billion bytes in developed economies, for some perspective, and we've seen many initiatives for low-bandwidth internet everywhere (e.g. Google's project loon). This way you can offer exactly the same bitcoin experience as say in the US with a nice wallet on an internet connected smartphone. 
Once THAT happens, too (liquidity + wallets), in an economy where the next best alternative is shit (Mpesa charges 11% to send $6 or so. It's amazing and I love it, but only because there's nothing better) then yes, it'll be really significant.
Just to wrap it up, one of the exciting things about bitcoin is that it's a protocol-level phenomenon. No need for anyone to actually use bitcoin as a currency. i.e. once you get (3) into the hands of Kenyans (some liquidity, cheap smartphones, low-bandwidth internet and bitcoin wallets) then they can move away from bitcoin and move away from Kenyan shillings and Mpesa. They can for example move to the dollar or the euro. Simply by using a service like Bitreserve or Coinapult locks. Storage and transfer of fiat values like dollars or euros, but powered by bitcoin, for a small fee of 1-2% that's nothing compared to Kenya's 7% to 30% inflation.
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:08:21
They don't seem to have plans for merchant support though, right? 
And Circle's sort of 'definition' is consumer finance company. Companies can change, but Bitpay is very much a pure 'merchant processor', I think they won't ever go big on consumer wallets. Likewise, Circle is a pure consumer company, I don't think they'll ever go big on business accounts.
I mean, we'll see, but I doubt their entire revenue model is based on non-consumers, yet call themselves a consumer finance company, that's all.
@_date: 2014-05-23 12:41:09
Sure but I can easily imagine getting $100 worth of bitcoin in 2010, cashing out half in 2013 when it's worth a million, and still owning 10m in bitcoin today. That's what I meant with 'low-risk', in that he risked a principal $100. I do agree it's tempting to have cashed out when the $100 was worth $100k for example, that's a very fair point, and he risked that money by keeping it until $1m, and he risked that by keeping it until $10m or whatever he has. But given his principal was low, and given he probably cashed out a portion every year, it's not unreasonable to say he had a low-risk investment generally.
@_date: 2014-07-04 19:05:23
I really like it, nice and simple. Probably won't use it but it's the type of thing that'd very nicely work for a lot of mainstream users. And the cool thing is it can shut a lot of people up. If people complain about volatility and all that crap, you can literally just point them to this and say 'you can own and use bitcoin that does not fluctuate in value at all, or any other fiat currency, built on the bitcoin protocol, if that's what you really want'.
@_date: 2014-03-24 15:00:43
@_date: 2014-08-10 13:25:26
Bitcoin wasn't created to let people securely buy coffee.
That's pretty much the bottom line. You can talk a lot or a little, but at the end of the day, bitcoin wasn't made to do microtransactions and it likely never will.
Is that a problem? Nope. There's simply no need to get distributed concensus on the purchase of a coffee.
Bitcoin can solve other problems. Being able to send tens of billions of dollars to Africa extra because of remittance savings, that's real.
Allowing someone in Zimbabwe to not lose all their savings by storing wealth in bitcoin to safeguard from the insane inflation due to political corruption in the money supply by Mugabe. That's real. 
Allowing someone in Cyprus not to have all their money seized from their bank account due to a crisis of fragile (banking) institutions which don't exist in bitcoin. That's real. 
Allowing hundreds of millions of people who have no birth certificate, no form of identification, no formal residence, no formal job (born without being registered, live in a village or slum without a cadastre, have a job but aren't registered as employed) to have access to financial services. Normally these people have no chance of getting a bank, therefore no chance of storing wealth, earning money on savings on being able to borrow money for investments (education, seeds/fertilizer, equipment, medical care). Bitcoin allows them to get access to peer-to-peer financial markets like lending &amp; saving, inflation-proof securities, and a place to securely store wealth. That's real.
You'll note that none of these things require high-volume low-value transactions. Many of these things are possible with only a few relatively high-value transactions a month. The high-volume low-value transactions (like a cup of coffee) can be done using centralized, digital or analogue, payments, that's okay. These can be off-chain transactions, micro-payment channels, sidechains, treechains, altcoins, whatever, it doesn't have to be bitcoin as long as the two interlink.
@_date: 2014-08-02 15:31:15
It really depends on who you are, what kind of account you have etc. e.g. as a student I pay nothing, but my parents do. So ING is a Dutch company obviously, I live here in the Netherlands. The cheapest account for an adult is 16 euros a year. If you want a creditcard you pay another 17 a year. Using an ATM? 4.50 per use. Annual fees on any credit you take, about 20%. 
And that's the Netherlands, I'd say easily in the top 5 places in the world in terms of the cheapest, most robust, most frictionless and generally best banking systems in the world. (e.g. the reason we can buy bitcoin here so easily is because we actually have a banking product without chargebacks, for every bank, at about 30c per transaction, able to be used with just a phone, meaning any bitcoin seller can cheaply and securely sell bitcoins to me within 20 seconds of me whipping out my internet-connected phone anywhere on the planet)
So for most people, the xapo card isn't going to be a big step up or down, it'll be pretty similar to what they're paying now.
**Anyway why is this a cool thing if it's priced the same?**
Fact is, the Xapo card was never meant to provide a competitive (i.e. cheaper) payment system. It was meant to link up bitcoin to the current archaic payment system in a way that's just as easy and priced similarly to everything we have today. Why is that a good thing? Well, because it now means you can actually store your wealth in bitcoin, a non-inflationary currency, a decentralized, global currency, not be at the whims of your central bank or government's monetary policy, yet not be hindered by the still small and nascent existence of a bitcoin payment system that everyone is connected to.
It's not something I'm personally excited about, but I can see why others would be inclined to combine the ability to store wealth in bitcoin rather than fiat, and spend it anywhere their fiat can. That's a pretty cool first step. Over time these things will become redundant as more merchants accept bitcoin directly, making a creditcard (and all its fees) unnecessary.
@_date: 2014-06-24 13:47:09
Great point!
Although it's a bit of a hassle at the moment to use multi-sig bitcoin. A single private key can be loaded up and sweeped in any wallet on your pc, on your phone, any app in the browser etc. Multi-sig, then you've got to get armory for example, which is awesome, I love it, but it's a bit more difficult.
So definitely do multi-sig for long-term cold storage. For quick paper wallets, single keys are ok.
And of course within 12 months I expect everyone to support multi-sig fully anyway, but right now it's still a bit limited.
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:38:51
You're welcome!
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:32:49
bitaddress.org + peer-to-peer purchase (e.g. from a friend, from localbitcoins, from a bitcoin ATM etc)
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:44:12
Apart from a few nitpicks (e.g. 'why would a merchant accept a volatile bitcoin', because they can cut their payment processing fees and cash out in bitcoin, thereby having 0 volatility exposure) he seems to have a pretty decent understanding of what's going on.
But his conclusion is ultimately unfounded. Bitcoin doesn't necessarily need government. It's a protocol, just like the internet protocol. Just like companies are built on the internet protocol, the same will happen with the bitcoin protocol. Bitpay and Coinbase are examples of reputable, accountable companies with services that have immediate applications. They're not some dodgy mysterious virtual company. They can be regulated (and do loads of voluntary self-regulation) and build services upon an unregulated protocol. That's the way forward.
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:43:23
Meanwhile, Coinbase gives $5 to any referred friend.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:19:36
Sounds like a fun life rather than a waste!
@_date: 2014-10-06 11:46:07
I doubt too many, they don't seem to have been able to secure cable television contracts (e.g. get it to show as a documentary on BBC, Science, Discovery Channel).
So they're doing a limited cinema release (probably small arthouses here and there) and an internet release on itunes/vimeo. Their discovery rates aren't great unless someone specifically searches for it.
So I doubt it'll spread massively beyond the bitcoin circle. But it's still cool stuff, it's the type of video you can link to friends or family if they're curious just to get a hint. It's one thing to talk about bitcoin like it's some internet software, it's another to see someone link a documentary with real people all over the world using it daily, talking about the impact it could have, businesses being built upon it and using it etc.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:11:38
HTML5 app. You can even turn it into an app icon if you want.
edit: 
That's what blockchain.info is working on.
@_date: 2014-05-19 22:11:05
Not anytime soon. We mustn't forget, bitcoin is nascent technology. There's very few users, maybe 1m people hold bitcoin and maybe 100k use it regularly. There's lots of 'low-hanging fruit'. We see Coinbase, Bitpay and Blockchain.info grow about 10% per month without really doing any form of mainstream marketing. The early-adopters will probably flock to Circle for quite some time.
Secondly, they're looking to build product right now. They're not in the business phase right now. That's clear as they allow limited access through invites right now. And their service is completely free, they make no money.  They're looking to on-board a few thousand people probably, test the service, build the product a bit more, add a few more users, do the same, and then launch in full probably early 2015. From there on they can probably easily gain 5 to 10m users. within three years without real marketing.
Those numbers are my estimates, by the way. I think we'll see mainstream marketing at some point, probably in a few years, but I think it's more likely to come from merchants (we accept bitcoin). Right now it's pretty unnecessary. I think Google Glass is a good example, they began testing early 2012, opened up to a few developers in early 2013, sold to limited users in early 2014, and only now they're about to let anyone buy it. And they certainly didn't have to run television ads to get people interested. Early adopters find you, and Circle is definitely a company to be excited about.
@_date: 2014-06-29 08:44:43
Awesome. I'm an indie dev and love bitcoin. The humble bundle has been accepting bitcoin for a long time and that's a big success. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 10:15:37
Yeah I tend to upvote the highest one and downvote the rest if there's no difference in substance. Arguably if everyone would, it'd be sort of crowd-censored very quickly :p
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:16:39
Sure but that has little to do with payments and more to do with business. I mean, I sell software for a living and even if I had 0 fees, I pay 20% VAT and on those profits I pay 20% income tax before I get to put it in my bank account. Given there are various fees, the profit margin is even smaller, but none of that would change whether I take paypal or bitcoin. 
I'm talking specifically about who the hell takes 40% as an interchange fee?
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:30:57
No, got mine as a Dutchie. However the whole buy/sell stuff of bitcoin, is. But you can sign up and use it as a wallet just the same. Same as Coinbase, you can create a wallet, deposit bitcoin and use it, but you can't buy bitcoin without a US bank ac. That is, same as every wallet on earth that doesn't let you buy bitcoin, too.
@_date: 2014-04-12 20:09:59
I did read it and I wish I hadn't to be completely honest. For me the view of Chinese thinking China is the centre of the universe isn't new. In fact, it's getting old. Every single book on China or Chinese culture will mention things alongside guanxi and a bunch of other things, so really I have no interest in reading, much less paying, for something I've heard a hundred times.
Now, if you're reading this and I post my address, would you ignore to send me any bitcoin? I'd bet you would and I don't blame you. 
@_date: 2014-04-13 21:40:44
Of course there is some, but what kind of percentage are we talking? Not anything significant because it'd mean significant money is spent on hardware and significant money is lost due to not hashing.
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:06:04
Wow, what the fuck did I just watch... completely positive comments without a SINGLE bad reference (except to denote a positive trending metric, like volatility improving) on mainstream media... sick.
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:15:46
It was pretty interesting, particularly non bitcoin subreddit word clouds because it's always funny to see a big fat 'Silk Road', 'Criminals' or 'Hackers' in the word cloud in word clouds of say your average yahoo finance article haha.  
But I can see myself getting annoyed by it in a week from now.
@_date: 2014-09-15 12:23:54
He knows this, he's asking specifically about whether his speed is enough. That is, when you can download 1000 transactions but your upload speed is such that you only upload 50 of them, you're probably hurting the network.
1024 kbit isn't too high. That's about 10 gigabytes per 24 hours.
As you can see, a typical node like this runs at about 8gb average but with outliers at 16gb. And it's likely that it's somewhat lopsided in time, i.e. there will be some outbursts where you'll need 1mb p/s upload, and times when you only need 0.1mb p/s.
But I think 1024 kbit would be good enough. You won't be able to get all transactions out there to all nodes that want it, but I think you'll be contributing.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:29:57
You can trade with Kraken anywhere in the world, you just can't fund your account. Those are different things. Of course, the former is irrelevant if you can't do the latter. That's all the 'reddit army' will ever say.
Right now Kraken is the main Euro-denominated exchange in the world, that's where it has regulatory compliance. It's sad it can't service the US properly, but then the US has companies like Coinbase that are compliant because they're not exchanges but closer to brokers (they source from exchanges and liquidate their own coin there). 
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:03:58
Their Graph API is very comprehensive, and its based on the idea of user permissions, available to all. So if the user authorizes an app (like Changetip) to have the right permissions, then Changetip could read from and post to FB in the user's name.
This means you could have an API that checks for user posts, reads them and then has the app post information about the tip automatically. The app also reads to who the tip was directed, and when this user logs in to Changetip, they can receive the tip.
Technically it's very feasible. As for TOS, it's likely not dissimilar to Twitter or Reddit, but I agree that remains to be seen.
@_date: 2014-05-23 13:00:59
good luck brother, there's still hope
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:03:47
Buy-outs are often with consent. If Paypal offered Bitpay $500m you can bet your ass it's sold the next day for example in a unanimous decision.
Anyway, Paypal is not a VC, it's not in the business of taking risks associated with a bitcoin startup. That's not to say Paypal is wrong or Bitpay isn't the right investment, it's just that Paypal doesn't specialize in buying new companies in the space of experimental new unregulated currency. I'd be very surprised if Paypal even considers anything right now. It could make a bid in 2-3 years perhaps.
@_date: 2014-07-08 22:34:40
Well... that's sweet. Perhaps add localization? Seems to be all 'bout that US now. Understandably if US merchants on onboarded mostly, but confusing when you find a merchant but then it doesn't ship to your country and there's no way of knowing until you're in their checkout.
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:49:09
This is true, but this is a hard-cap set by the software. There is no inherent reason why it could not be raised. (unlike for example, the maximum amount of bitcoins.) 
But the implementation has to be clever and elegant. There are various ways to scale this up, both on the chain and off the chain. At the moment this is not an issue yet at an average of slightly below 1 TPS.
But yes, it will have to be solved. Some numbers: transaction fees of $0.30 means that for about 8 thousand dollars you can fill every transaction in the world and prevent any other transactions from happening for an entire hour. 200k will crash it for a day. Theoretically, the price of bitcoin might crash allowing you to buy it extremely cheap or short sell. With the amount of liquidity in bitcoin and the fragality, it's not hard to manipulate it if you have a lot of money.
@_date: 2014-07-06 17:01:57
Peer to peer lending inherently is just a concept, it's fine but it's very hard to battle fraud. i.e. peer-to-peer lending to friends and family is one thing, but lending to complete strangers is tricky. Yes, there's all kinds of verifications, like verifying facebook, email, bank, residence. But let's not forget, the Neo &amp; Bee CEO had contacts, names, addresses, bank accounts etc everywhere, loads of people met him, yet he still disappeared. And then there's Karpeles, who never ran, but he simply lost the money and the ability to pay back (arguably.)
In other words, no matter how much verification you do of an identity, it doesn't ever 100% protect you, not even close.
Combine that with the fact almost nobody actually puts up a reliable story. (i.e. barely anyone explains how they turn $100 into $110 within a week, and why they need to borrow $1k from strangers online if they can churn money that easily.) it just sounds very sketchy.
So yes, for me it's too good to be true and I'm not going to trust it until this becomes very mainstream, until you get some kind of insurance options, until you get listings with verifiable stories that make sense business wise (e.g. some popular coffee shop in New York is looking for $10k to install a new italian coffee machine), I'm staying away.
Just remember it's trivially easy to run a ponzi scheme for a few week, and it's pretty easy to verify all your accounts and then still disappear without anyone having recourse. That's risk right there.
@_date: 2014-03-21 11:43:42
Source for 500k?
There have been 1-2 million legitimate wallet downloads. Both Coinbase and Blockchain.info had 1million+ customers a few months ago (about 15-30% month on month growth, i.e., an order of magnitude larger in late fall this year)
And that's just three bitcoin companies that have millions of active users between them.
@_date: 2014-09-01 15:44:15
I'm not a big Charlie fan or know that much about him. But here's my 2 cents.
Firstly, Charlie was a visible bitcoin activist in the very early days from New York who ran a company that was funded by the Winklevoss twins who were also relatively early adopters.
That may not sound like much, but it is. Early visible people, who get interviewed, who do a local presentation, who start a company, who go to conferences and who get funded are a big thing, especially in the early days. That's the type of stuff that legitimizes bitcoin. Until such people came around, bitcoin was just something that happened on computers owned by computer scientists and were as obscure as linden dollars. It wasn't mainstream, it wasn't in the news, it wasn't something that happened in the physical world (through conferences, actual companies, actual people getting funding from semi-celebrities etc)
Visibility is a big thing. Look at Andreas Antonopolous, he hasn't actually built his own successful bitcoin company, hasn't actually done much protocol work, hasn't built a platform, hasn't received VC funding etc... but he was visible. Visibility means so much. Not as much today now that you have half a billion dollar of VC funding and CEOs and VCs and tech legends and big companies like Dell or Expedia involved. But back when bitcoin was nothing, visible people meant a LOT.
As for Silk Road... I don't think bitcoin would exist without it. I'm not a fan of silk road, never used it, never had an interest to use it (although it's interesting to follow it as a phenomenon). But it was instrumental in creating the marketplace in which bitcoin had near-zero competition. Bitcoin could never ever compete with another currency in the licit market in the days when we didn't have an exchange in every country. Nobody in their right mind would buy bitcoin to use as a currency. EXCEPT in the only place that normal currencies don't work, a market like Silk Road. That's why it became big, and got the ball rolling to where it can thrive even without Silk Road. So if Charlie was a part of making that happen, that means a ton.
@_date: 2014-09-29 12:07:49
BFL had absolutely nothing to do with bitcoin. It was a company that sold computer chips that run an algorithm designed by the NSA (no joke) very quickly, which happens to be used to mine bitcoins. It's not subject to any bitcoin regulation any more than a macbook is subject to porn regulation.
I know this sounds like a cop out but generally I'm quite critical and realistic of bitcoin where it's due. But this has absolutely no relation to bitcoin as a form of money and the regulation thereof. So I expect zero implications there. 
Beyond that, of course it does affect the image of the community, the ecosystem. But not in any grand way, in my opinion. Butterfly labs is first and foremost a company to service miners, who today are professional parties with skin in the game, who take business risks. Your average user or consumer probably doesn't know or indeed care. And I don't really see the media spin this story and run it day and night like the silk road story.
To be honest your question 'how does this affect us' is the first time I've heard it. Most people saw this coming 6 months ago, and are now saying 'good riddance', glad that's resolved. A bit like how most people saw Mt. Gox failing hard in December (for the 100th time), and by May we could say good riddance glad that's resolved it was inevitably going to happen, only this affects a relatively small amount of people and mt. gox was a clusterfuck.
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:41:51
No. If they become the permanent single majority miner, then bitcoin has failed. I wouldn't care if they owned 90%, because it's not decentralized anymore and it means bitcoin couldn't withstand centralization. It means I won't use bitcoin and I have no more interest in fighting GHASH. 
In short, If bitcoin fails to create a system where we see decentralized mining by nature and we need to resort to physical attacks on miners to keep the system safe, then bitcoin was a beautifully failed experiment.
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:14:44
I think that's okay. It's like the internet, it's decentralized but individuals still route traffic through central hubs, and that's okay. It means you can't shut down the underlying system, yet customers can be serviced by smaller central parties who can build products and services specific to their needs. 
Not saying it can't be better, but a huge decentralized bitcoin network that smaller centralized parties interface with is great. Anyone who wants to can use the underlying system. Anyone who wants to use a more user-friendly, lower-risk (e.g. volatility, security, human error being handled by Bitpay) can use Bitpay.
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:53:45
Good question. I'm not very deep in this space, but here's what we know: most parties (banks, money transmitters, brokers etc) deal with two key concepts: anti-money laundering and know-your-customer. 
AML and KYC are essentially administrative and reporting duties. That is, a bank does its due dilligence by analyzing its customers. If someone suddenly moves $5 million , you check his history, it shows he moves only $30k per year, so something is going on. The bank reports him, he's investigated by the authorities, it turns out he's laundering money for a human trafficking business. People saved, bad guys go to jail. That's the general idea.
Bitcoin companies are doing the exact same thing. Register at Coinbase, your ID is verified, if you deposit millions of bitcoin and cash out, Coinbase will probably flag this as suspicious and pass on the information. 
However, the key difference is that in many countries, bitcoin companies are not explicitly required to do these things because there is no bitcoin regulation.
Regulation could simply mean 'whatever banks have to do to ensure AML of dollars, payment processors must do too with bitcoin'. The CEO if Bitpay suggests this parity and says regulators are moving too slow, in his opinion. Other VCs, CEOs and investors often agree.
The reason is that banks, customers, the media, they all look at bitcoin and see a scary digital currency with sadly a trackrecord of early bitcoin companies that got way too big too quickly and failed, usually due to lack of security. Hundreds of millions of dollars lost. You don't want to get near that if you have a 5, 50 or 200 billion dollar bank brand at stake. What may reassure them? A government acknowledging bitcoin and regulating it the same way everyone is used to, and the same way bitcoin companies are doing it already, anyway. If banks know that there is regulation and bitcoin companies are abiding, they have the regulatory clarity to look at that and say 'we're safe, let's move in'. Right now, they can't say that.
So regulation could actually change *nothing*, that's the first type of regulation I'm expecting, the AML/KYC that bitstamp, coinbase etc are already doing. 
The other type of regulation is for institutional investors, some exchange traded funds have been announced, again, I expect the same rules to apply mostly.
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:49:10
Thanks bud
@_date: 2014-06-20 16:21:15
I'm honestly curious :p I've given it some thought myself but it's pretty hard. It's reasonable to come up with some semi-DACs where some things are highly automated, but some things are still done by humans.
e.g. a self-driving car could very feasible within 10 years drive to humans, let them pay with bitcoin, then drive to a destination, then drive to an electricity station and pay a human to charge its battery or drive ontop of a wireless charging station and pay the station with bitcoin. But then the marketing, the repairs, customer service, emergency stuff, would still be done by humans and these cars would be part of a regular company. 
Anyway I have trouble coming up with realistic true DACs in the near future, but simple semi-DACs are definitely feasible and bitcoin could play a big role!
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:07:47
It's still a household name. Some might say, it's forever tained. Others will point at a dozen other brands that are extremely tainted, yet popular. (McDonalds, health; Virtually every large bank, bankers/crisis; Microsoft, doesn't work, prone to viruses). Of course the comparisons are not the same, but there's some value in the most known brand in the bitcoin ecosystem, even if it was completely shit, marketeers can spin it.
One of these spins is this notion of good will, that a new owner of Mt. Gox will dedicate a small portion of its profits to repaying old debts even though they're not obligated to (if they simply bought the brand for example). You can immediately get ten if not a hundred thousand of the million accounts back and put them on some special plan where half their transaction fees are waved and they don't need to verify their accounts at all.
Stuff like that. You'd be surprised how many people go back. Just like I was surprised how many people kept sending Mt. Gox money when it traded at a 10% premium to sell bitcoin and would fail anyday. Just as I was surprised when people kept depositing fiat when it was trading at an 80% discount to buy cheap coins and get them out months later. People are like that.
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:36:08
You just made that up, that he wasn't addressing Linux adoption on desktop machines. He never clarified this, but it's quite clear which is more probable. I think from his post and from the discussion in this thread, it's quite clear we're talking about bitcoin software running on people's computers, to what extent they are subject to malware, and that Linux users are relatively less prone to being subject to malware, for which he offers as a reason that Linux adoption is quite low. To say that he was also talking about servers in this context is pretty ridiculous, it's pretty clear he was addressing malware of bitcoin wallets running on people's personal computers running Linux.
Just look into some of his reason posts talking about Linux or PGP. Even many idiots know most servers run Linux, to think that he doesn't is a joke. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:49:41
It wouldn't quite work like that. Once you have the kindle copy, you can see it, and if you put it in the blockchain it's visible to all.
What you could do is use bitcoin keys to create access to a digital book on some server. So the server would require a signed key. This key would be in your hands and you'd be able to access the book by signing it and sending it to the server. This key can then be put on a timed transaction, so that the key transfers out of your ownership after a week. This is quite possible.
Mike Hearn talks about it a lot, look him up under Google -&gt; Videos. There's 2-3 talks that are quite fun, futuristic. He uses the example of cars for smart property (using bitcoin to regulate property/ownership/access and explains how it can be used for rentals and such, too.) The difference however is that you wouldn't share your key to your car, but it'd be trivially easy to share the key to the kindle book and it'd probably happen. And as the book is digital, it could be copied and stored and this copy accessed after access is lost. The example of the car doesn't have either of these problems. :)
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:53:23
What kind of interview... about your bitcoin company, your bitcoin accepting company, your charity, your mining, why do they interview you?
I'd watch a lot of interviews and list the 5 most popular questions.
Whatever you do, DON'T get into mining and all haha. It's stupid. In the same way that if Google Fiber is explained as 'high speed internet', and not 'tech company looking to build transatlantic cables in which one can send in pulses modulated light photons that create an electromagnetic carrier of information'. Nobody has to understand Newton's second law or centripetal force to be able to turn a corner in a car, even though both are involved.
Actually refer to these things when you get the question about mining. Say you'd love to explain if viewers contact you, but it's a technical story much like how one can't explain how the internet works in a 5 minute interview on a technical level. But that you can explain how it works (public ledger and all).
Perhaps rehearse a point on how bitcoin isn't dissimilar to money. Talking points are important here. I wrote about this here, but it's way too long a story, maybe there's some stuff to take away...
Some main benefits of bitcoin. 
e.g. cheaper, faster, mainly because it's digital. Refer to how email is faster/cheaper than snailmail, and Skype is faster/cheaper than sending cassette tapes back and forth (my family did this a few decades ago) or using long-distance telephone. Or how distributing music or film is cheaper digitally through online stores than using CDs in brick&amp;mortar stores.
Then say there's no middle-man, unlike paypal, which reduces fees and gives more control and financial autonomy to the user.
It's borderless, open and permissionless, just like an email doesn't need a passport, license or national-email-credits to move across borders, digital money also doesn't need any of that.
Cheaper doesn't hit home very well, consumers aren't used to paying fees directly. So talk about this a bit.
You can talk about interchange fees for merchants being 3% which is like a huge tax on business profits when retail/airline etc industries live on 3% profit margins. (e.g. Amazon had 0.35% profit margins in 2013, imagine it cut fees by just 1%, triple profits)
You can talk about how remittance is 9% average from the poorest people and how this has the potential to bring lots of extra relief to the poorest places without it costing any extra money to anyone.
You can talk about hidden fees of the banking industry that can be made unnecessary if you can use software to do your banking just like you can use software to do office work, communicate with friends and family etc for free. Regular banking fees (e.g. open and close account fees, minimum balance fees, ATM withdrawal fees, monthly/annual account/card fees, deposit fees, balance inquiry fees, overdraft fees, balance transfer fees, foreign currency fees, maintainence fees, etc). You can also point to the 1.25m unbanked households in the UK. And you can point to the various announced banking changes in the UK (end of 'free banking', ability for government to withdraw tax from accounts automatically. (e.g. 
You may or may not want to add a political touch about money supply. You can take 100-year inflation of the past century.
This is the percentage of total inflation 10,631.95%.
1k pounds in 1900 would be worth 107k pounds today.
Bitcoin, like gold, doesn't devalue like that, only bitcoin is actually practically useful for payments.
Perhaps talk about push transactions which would've avoided many of the creditcard fiascos with money losses and identity theft. Highlight how crazy CCs are for actually printing the password to your money-vault on the freaking card itself. It's not a surprise there's billions of dollars of fraud every year.
A fun story about borderlessness of bitcoin... there was some dude on reddit few weeks ago, he was on vacation and was in a pub and bought some rounds.. then as he wanted to pay with bitcoin and show how magical that was he told a friend he was about to do this, and this friend in a whole different country said send me the address and he did in half a second on some messenger software on his phone, and his friend paid the bill. Everyone was stunned how easy it was to just send money around the world like that. That's bitcoin.
Hope that helps :)
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:02:42
Yes, no personal stories on using bitcoin for one of the biggest remittance markets (Philippines) in one of the biggest bitcoin usecases (remittance) in the bitcoin subreddit  every now and then please. It's not relevant enough!
@_date: 2014-07-29 11:08:01
How so? Seems like a reasonable guy.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:26:26
Not quite yet. Hall has is now in cryostatis.
@_date: 2014-06-23 08:49:14
It'll be cheaper, faster, easier to pay Overstock with Circle than CCs, more global and you can invest in bitcoin if you'd like. It's an easy way for people to get into bitcoin and if you want, you can just get your bitcoin out like I would. Your funds meanwhile are insured, your transactions and wallets are secured, all for free, and you can instantly buy or sell bitcoin apparently without waiting for days for banks to clear a transaction.
@_date: 2014-08-09 17:26:01
It's no different from selling some apples or your second hand clothes to someone else... Just meet in a public space, go with a friend, chat with the guy for a minute, he shows the money you inspect it, if you're comfortable you send him the bitcoin else give back the money. Try it with $50 first, if you're happy go with larger amounts.
@_date: 2014-05-13 13:38:37
Sure, but 6 BTC puts you in the top 0.75% richest people in the world. Particularly in Thailand, 6 BTC is about 10x the median wage.
Pingpong is reference to a popular thing among tourists in thailand where very expensive ping pong balls are shot. A vagina is involved. It's pretty horrible, as a pretty big part of the tourist industry in SEA is, frankly, which is why it seems to attract a certain type of tourists. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:51:06
Interesting thought: you probably hold as many misunderstandings about something completely different as they do about Bitcoin. 
But really, why bother? Yes, it's fun to talk about bitcoin and its too bad many of us have few people willing to consider it in their immediate community. But that's what you have reddit for. Other than that, it's completely their loss. Ask them again in two months about bitcoin being broken when you can pay at yet another $1b retailer in bitcoin and saw prices rise again as SecondMarket brings in institutional investments.
@_date: 2014-04-07 09:26:52
Good :) Fortunately, your site looks better than blockchain.info and that's a great service. I really love what you're doing with namespaces, Chamath actually suggested Facebook to do this (because it's more suited to verify individual people) but that might take a very long time.
Could you talk a little bit about why you started bitcoinwallet. Was there an area that was underserved, functionality missing? Or is it simply to compete in existing spaces of hosted wallets (just like we need more than 1 exchange)? 
Could you perhaps also talk a little bit about security? For example, BC.info never has access to people's keys. Even if their servers were hacked, not all keys would be in immediate danger. Coinbase on the other hand does handle everyone's keys, but they've got 30 million in funding and 95-98% multisig'd cold storage.
Also, will you guys be considering 2FA other than SMS? 
@_date: 2014-04-12 22:20:19
Kevik Houk delivered one really confusing introduction to bitcoin. It's kind of ridiculous to see such a lacking presentation of bitcoin at such an opportunity to speak infront of certain audiences.
Hope the discussion is better than this intro...
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:56:27
I put BashCo in charge of a 1 dollar bounty, may he pay it out to whoever plasters the internet with advice to be careful when using brainwallet! @_date: 2014-12-06 18:32:11
Oh, I don't need a lesson as to how they work. I'm simply saying they're being dishonest.
When you want to buy a $100 coat from me and I say the coat is $5, but to process the payment, I'll take $95, that's clearly being dishonest isn't it? Wouldn't you call bs on that?
Why is it dishonest? Not because of the amount, the amount is the same, it's still $100. If the fee was $1 and the coat was $99, it wouldn't make a difference.
It's dishonest because it's NOT TRUE. Everyone knows I'm trying to bs you by advertising a cheap coat and making money on a non-product element of the sales process called 'handing over the money'. There are no $95 costs of payment processing for me, I just made that up. It's not true. 
Integrity and honesty as a business is saying it as it is. If the product is priced at $5 and your fees for processing the payment are 1%, then don't ask $5.50 and lie that your fees are higher because it's not true, the product and fees are $5.05, if you charge more then you're pricing the product higher, don't call it a payment processing fee because it's completely separate. That's dishonest, and that's my point. I'm not saying they can't legally do it or that it defies some natural law, I'm saying it's bs and they know it and you know it, too. 
If that messes up their 'fiverr' concept, so be it. It's a finite concept anyway given never ending inflation, and given they apparently never charged someone a fiverr in the first place, but always more, it's pretty silly anyway. And given it's a global website and they're trying to force a $5 price onto countries with wholly different currencies, its attachment is getting ridiculous anyway. And there are already tons of services on the website that cost say $20 or $50. In other words, no need to get attached to the name to the extent that you're lying to your customers about it to hold on to it. You can't honestly say it'd be okay for them to price a $10 product at $5 for the product and $5 for the fees either, now would you? So why accept dishonesty when the numbers are different? Lying or skimming small amounts through non-existent fees rather than large amounts doesn't make it right. It makes it less bad, but it doesn't mean it's not still bad.
If you want an example of bs 'processing fees', look here: 
The problem is not that they profit, but that they're dishonest about it. Just raise your prices.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:54:06
* 1) If part of the internet breaks down, bitcoin can survive. As long as you have some miners connected to eachother (by LAN if need be, no internet required) on a little island processing the blockchain, bitcoin lives. You could literally sign a transaction and send transactions to the miners on this island with a pidgeon and have them process it. This is pretty extreme, more likely if the internet temporarily dies in a few countries, bitcoin can easily continue.
* 2) If the 'systems shut down', like the internet or electricity, nobody is going to fucking work at a store. Look at Katrina. If you work at a 7/11 stacking shelves, you take some goods and get the hell out of there, you're not going to finish your shift and come back for the next one the next day. Money is useless. Banks are useless. 
And gold is probably worthless, too. Remember, 99% of people's gold investments are just gold IOUs of gold stored in some vault somewhere. It's not like people have gold bars at home in the case of global anarchy. And if they do, it'll extremely quickly depreciate. Nobody's going to give you their gun, water or food, for your shiny metal. 
So: temporary/partial/regional chaos? Bitcoin is fine. Total, long-term chaos, bitcoin as well as gold or any form of non-utility (e.g. IOUs, contracts, bills, bonds, shares, fiat) is worthless. Nobody will give you utility (e.g. tools, food, fuel, weapons) for shit that only holds up in an orderly world with institutions of law &amp; law enforcement.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:00:34
Good luck in life if 11 lines of text is a 'wall of text' haha. I'm sure you'll do well at McDonalds. Take care.
@_date: 2014-06-22 23:20:00
Vaporware has no official definition, really. Most people use it and describe it as not just something that was announced but hasn't happened yet nor has it been cancelled, but ALSO something that isn't intended to be released anymore. And that's just not Circle. Vaporware implies it's not intended to deliver, and there is nothing to suggest that. Again, it'd be completely ridiculous to call google glass vaporware between 2011-2014 even though no exact date was scheduled for consumers to buy one and all we had were demo videos and more marketing than circle ever did.
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:40:20
Oh snap
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:15:12
Yeah that's pretty cool. Everyone will ignore it of course, they have the right to do so. But it's a nice gesture, and it's a start, you could pool the money. For example in this thread other people already committed their own funds to Jeff's. Micropayment crowdfunding is cool like that, one of bitcoin's interesting opportunities.
$200 of course is a whole different scale. To me that's quite a lot of money (just in general, not related to any work).
And years ago as a student when learning how to write software, sure I'd loved to have done a 5-hour job for $200. Again, the alternative (which I did) was loading cruise ships with heavy suitcases starting at 5AM, 5 hours made me about $50-60, it was hard work, boring, didn't teach me anything about programming, didn't build any experience or portfolio.
My point is: he's not looking for a professional design studio. He's just tweeting this out to fellow bitcoin enthusiasts, to see if someone's bored, not doing much, is perhaps a student with some skills and wants to do a quick mockup for $200 of his own pocket money, with no profit-motive in mind. I think that's pretty cool. 
Does that mean I think every designer in the world should be begging to accept this job? That $200 for a day's work is a lot of money for a 38 year old professional with a proper (home) studio? No of course not. It's not what I'm arguing here, and it's not what Jeff seems to be looking for with this simple tweet looking for a simple mockup for a simple community project.
@_date: 2014-04-16 16:21:17
I'm not aware of that at all. As far as I know, EULA's are considered legally binding contracts virtually everywhere on the planet. 
That doesn't mean everything in it is valid or enforceable. The fact that, of 100 legal and enforceable clauses, there is one clause that isn't valid or enforceable, doesn't make the contract not legally binding in its entirety, or the concept of an EULA not a contract.
Apart from that I agree with your post, it still remains to be seen how the courts view bitcoins. But in principle, if they're seen as assets, they ought to normally be returned, again, in the same way you get your car back if you store it with a mechanic for repair or a garage for storage and it goes bankrupt.
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:13:40
Coinbase does recurring payments, it's how e.g. you can buy monthly at Team Treehouse.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:31:34
Great. This was going to be the 'year of multi-sig'. It's almost over and it's a nice start!
We went from 0.014% to over 5% in one year!
As multisignature matures (every company is trying to shift to it, people are writing open source code to enable it easily, it's being integrated on an enterprise and consumer level etc) the speed at which we shift will go faster and faster, for a while.
You can see that speed up here: 
At some point it'll stop as some bitcoins are lost. There are transaction amount/volume metrics, too, which are rapidly growing, and will become a more interesting metric over time.
@_date: 2014-07-09 10:50:32
Just look at Allaire's track record and you'll see how stupid that is to say. This is a guy who built a comm platform for native-american tribal schools, helped noam chomsky digitize his work, studied philosophy and got into tech for its promise to increase human rights, hired an EFF cofounder to his board, whose parents ran halfway houses and homeless shelters.
Sure you might disagree with him on points and he may not be perfect in your eyes. But for people to put words in his mouth on this level... for people to grant him no proper discussion or analysis, it's unwarranted and silly and stupid. It's the same kind of treatment bitcoin gets when someone calls it a ponzi without looking in to it properly. It's pathetic frankly.
@_date: 2014-03-02 01:23:22
If you don't know anything about it, either say you don't know anything about it and that's it, nothing else. Or say you don't know but want to know more, and might consider it.
Because if you said the same thing in the second world war, that you'd rather give a homeless man a shower than back the allies, most can agree that objectively speaking that was a wrong decision. Many will say the violence was justified.
Mandela was known to have been part of a very violent movement for a long time, only changing when he did not need it as he gained massive international support for his cause. Many say the violence in those early days were justified.
Without knowing anything, how can you dismiss a cause because of violent characteristics when in history time and time again, we find examples of causes where violence was justified?
Now I'm not drawing any comparison between these events. I'm merely highlighting that you yourself mentioned you know very little about this region, yet are convinced about two things) that any money sent would be used for violence and 2) that this violence is inherently bad in any circumstance instead of be neutral. 
I just don't see this as a good way to reason about things, just wanted to mention this.
@_date: 2014-06-07 10:33:44
It's a comedic video about how ridiculous some banking policies really are intuitively, but nobody ever had a choice, until bitcoin. Imagine a world in which most merchants accept bitcoin, in such a world one needn't a bank account. 
With bitcoin one can be their own bank. This video was really more of an introduction to a post I made to elaborate here:
@_date: 2014-05-24 00:03:02
No clue, just know that the blockchain can understand and overstate numbers. For example one can send money to oneself and it'd count as a transaction. Or when a coinbase customer pays a coinbase merchant, there's no bitcoin transaction, it's an internal coinbase off-chain transaction.
So I don't know the numbers exactly, but there's a ton of off-chain transactions at merchants, exchanges and tipping platforms, basically almost everywhere. 
However, the number won't be very big. It's estimated there are maybe 5m wallets, about 1m users, of whom only a percentage, maybe 100k, are actively using bitcoin on a daily or weekly basis instead of just holding as an investment.
It's all growing fast, but yes, people often overstate the numbers.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:43:34
'legit place'. Give me a break. You're insanely dumb if you're waiting for a 'legit place'. What does that even mean, what would that look like to you?
Fact is, Kraken has great security, great legal team, smooth service, secure cold storage, licenses, 2FA &amp; Master keys, and you can buy and withdraw easily. No need to trust them, really.
Sure if you're one of the dumb people not buying bitcoin because they're too dumb or lazy to set up a paper wallet or cold storage instead of expecting an exchange to host and hold your coins, be my guest, don't buy.
@_date: 2014-10-04 11:54:44
And remember boys and girls, don't add private keys to HD wallets, just sweep them. This way, the bitcoin is on a key tied to your seed, meaning you can recreate the keys. If you just add a key from outside the wallet, it's got no tie to your seed, so if you lose the wallet and recreate it from the seed, those bitcoins are gone.
So sweep external keys! :)
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:46:37
Coindesk has a great news repository on pretty much every live / publicly discussed startup, it's great for staying up to date, but hard to sift through their news from the past 12 months.
But they also do an annual and I think even quarterly state of bitcoin report. Check it out. Generally it lists all VC invested startups. Not 100% comprehensive, but the VC funded ones generally are the most promising with only a few exceptions.
Then there's a number of specific VC funds/platforms. e.g. Boost VC by the Draper family (big VCs) is looking to fund 100 bitcoin startups in the next 3 years. They already funded a few, they were the ones who bought the $18m bitcoins from the US Gov for a bitcoin startup Vaarum. There's a few other VCs too.
Another platform to check out is 
Besides this just keep an eye out on reddit and coindesk. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 21:30:28
Pantera and SecondMarket both offer a security that fits within all accounting etc procedures of pretty much any portfolio. It's gotten quite substantial demand (e.g. Pantera about $100m, SecondMarket's BIT about $70m) but it's nothing close to gold. Which is understandable, gold is worth $8 trillion, 1000x more than bitcoin's $8 billion. 
So yeah I'd be really shocked if the ETF could go to $1b in under 3 days. Let's remember the Wink's have $50m of coin to put into this thing and only about $15-20m is traded on a daily basis on exchanges worldwide. So to go up to $1b in ETF value would mean you'd need to buy all the supply on all exchanges worldwide for 3 days and then have the bitcoin price go up by 10x (from $8b to $80b, from $600 to $6k) all in 3 days.
I'm hella bullish but not like that hehe.
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:48:18
Yeah that makes a lot of sense, big e-commerce retailer with a customer base that's relatively close to bitcoin (as opposed to e.g. the customer base of Overstock) and they're sort of a household name, definitely the go-to name in the consumer electronics world right now, it's always recommended all over the place.
@_date: 2014-10-02 00:12:13
Receiving coins in the wallet seems to work just fine.


I'll just make a multi-sig transaction you guys can sign, too, for 1000 bits to the above address. Should work if either of you signs. :)
edit: BashCo rejected the transaction, he made a new one which I signed. Seems to have come through fine. I'm ready to put the $100 in, just waiting for Circle's 4 confirmations which will probably be another 30-35min.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:12:59
Many don't, really. Actualy there was just an article that came out comparing reddit visitors at the time of the newsweek story compared to e.g. the mt gox story, and it was relatively low, a normal day. Redditors barely cared.
At the end of the day, the story is meaningless. Until Satoshi comes out himself, the only thing we'd get are hyperbolic bullshit articles. Only if he chooses to come out himself would you have any interesting information come to light, but there is no indication that would happen anytime soon.
One thing I did find interesting is that supposedly the real satoshi sent a message on his old account. If it wasn't hacked, it means he's still alive, which is an interesting thing to note. For all we knew, he could have been hit by a bus 3 years ago.
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:20:53
lol brilliant
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:31:31
Great idea! :) Absolutely love this. Considering its use (testing the waters, demo'ing) the primary objective in my opinion ought to be simplicity/ease of use/speed. No lengthy setups or anything by default.
And then create an extra settings button with loads of opt-in features, like multi-sig, 2FA etc. I think that should be secondary. When the iPad was first demo'd nobody cared for the security features, they cared for the 'swipe to unlock' that instantly got them into their mail, browser, video etc. 
I think you should aim for the same easy and intuitive experience, and make the other stuff secondary.
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:30:21
Oh, no I'm not surprised. I explicitly chose and instructed friends to stay away from gox, it was pretty obvious it would continue to run into problems.
And I'm also not advocating regulation, only self-regulation. For example, in bittorrent clients you have a rating system of torrents. In bitcoin you have ways to detect and ignore bad nodes. In bitcoin you have ways to cryptographically verify you own funds by signing them. Those are all forms of self-regulation, not enforced by any law, but simple done for the good of all, out of common sense.
If there is no self-regulation, mt gox like events continue to happen. 
@_date: 2014-04-20 13:40:41
* coindesk.com 
Shitton of articles 
Beginner guide (FAQ-type) to bitcoin concepts, terminology etc
Annual State of Bitcoin report:
Andreas just wrote a book on bitcoin.
coinometrics.com is perhaps interesting for some industry comparisons.
 Bitcoin wiki with a lot of information.
Lastly, look into some of the philosophy behind bitcoin. For example, look into the difference between centralized, decentralized and distributed, and what the e.g. political implications are. Cypherpunk community is an interesting start.
@_date: 2014-12-28 07:57:11
Ignore me, I'm being a dumbass (twice already in this post!).
The overall point is still valid (likeliness a few million coins have been lost, or in the case of Satoshi might not be touched ever again) meaning 11.1% inflation amounts to a higher number in practice (maybe say 14% or 15%) but it's not nearly as much as I first described (maybe 20%)
Thanks for pointing this one out, 1 upvote! The other point I think also still stands which is that the orderbooks are pretty shallow and that even 11.1% inflation is still $500m potentially hitting the orderbooks, which is huge. If that wasn't the case, the price may have been a few hundred dollars higher. And of course this price effect has cascading effects. Just imagine that now, even if we get 1m new users per month buying $50 of bitcoin, like around Black Friday or the Bitcoin Bowl, the price doesn't budge, because we get about $50m a month in new coins. That's depressing in an economic sense (and an emotional sense for some). Now imagine the $50m new adoption wasn't met with $50m of new supply, you'd see the price grow by e.g. (making up a number here) $25 a month. And that's the kind of 'stable growth' that gets people excited, gets people buying and using and adopting and investing and talking. Before you know it you have another price rally on your hands. 
So in short I really think the 11.1% mining is more significant (maybe 15%) and that even small amounts can tip the balance. If you have a bucket where you pour in 1 gallon per minute and take out 1 gallon per minute, it can be stable for centuries. But if you add even 1% to the supply, it'll overflow within an hour. Mining feels a bit like that. Like a bucket of bitcoin that is constantly being emptied and replenished by roughly the same amount. But if mining drops (e.g. by 50% in the summer after next), I think that proverbial bucket will empty soon, and that increased scarcity will cause price growth, and that price growth will spark investment interest that sparks new growth. And that's why I think we shouldn't underestimate the effect of mining, and expect block reward halving to potentially have a very significant impact.
Thanks again for pointing out my mistake!
@_date: 2014-06-09 11:28:55
I think Javascript and NodeJS are big languages right now considering bitcoin lives on the web to such a large extent, html5 wallets, browser plugins, bitcoin widgets, bitcoin browser games etc all can run on JS and NodeJS. I'd love some tutorials on that. There's a few libraries like bitcoinjs and bitcore with a little but not a lot of documentation and no actual walkthroughs or videos or explanations. I'd love that, currently running nodejs on my raspberry pi and trying to hack together some stuff but it's really hard without deepish knowledge of programming in general to jump into the github of these libraries and figure everything out myself.
Just basic stuff like creating a very simple wallet by simply creating a storage for private keys and being able to create a new address, verify it, and create and send off transactions.
@_date: 2014-04-21 13:40:02
Sure, so let's say you can do a 51% attack for $100m and it'll cost you $200k in electricity to run for a day. How would you profit from a double spend attack? You say it's profitable, you have the burden of proof, go ahead.
Just note a few things. One, all exchanges combined have about $15m of daily liquidity. Virtually all of them have limits to volume (e.g. a limit of 0.1m a month requires a social security number, identification and a utility bill) and will only allow withdrawing to bank accounts in your name. They also all require 1 hour confirmations.
The scenario of a 51% attack is clear. First of all, it'd show up everywhere that the attack is under way. Immediately you can expect a flash crash of the price of bitcoin, and every exchange will freeze their activities until the 51% attack is over. Most exchanges handle withdrawals/deposits manually still. Even automated withdrawals would be frozen and completely traceable to a certain identity. 
So at best, you can set up a bank account in your name, get verified at an exchange, then sell bitcoin, withdraw a limited amount of fiat (which you paid for in the first place), then double-spend it and send those bitcoins somewhere else and sell perhaps a few million dollars worth of coin (liquidity per hour averages less than $1m) before the price crashes due to a clear double-spend attack, then try to withdraw money, the exchange freezes all activity, it links back to you, if not, you still spent $200m on ASICs that become pretty worthless now that a 51% attack is possible and the entire industry knows there is a party with 51% capability who can put it to use any time he wants. Bitcoin crashes and your asics become useless. You're still down 190m and are at risk of being found out. If this happens, you probably have legal issues because it will likely be considered fraud. You've potentially bankrupted thousands of individuals, hundreds of bitcoin businesses of which tens were funded by a few hundred million dollars of VC investments. You face serious legal as well as existential threats both from large firms and angry individuals with nothing to lose. But even if you're never found out, you're still down a shitton of money. Alternatively, you spent $50m and over time made a very nice profit from being one of the biggest miners in the industry, given the opportunity costs involved, the actual financial cost is much higher. (check out  for a more elegant cost analysis that includes opportunity costs).
I mean I can go on. It's simply extremely difficult to pull this off and profit from it. I'd be interested in hearing your scenario, how would you pull it off if you had $200m, obviously you see a way to profit from this if you have such money. Let us know.
Just remember, there are millions of users, thousands of companies, and hundreds of millions of dollars invested by some of the world's most prominent VC investors who have insane track records. You've got academics with PhDs writing papers on bitcoin security, ex-google, ex-fb etc engineers working both in bitcoin businesses as well as on the protocol, you've got a PhD in comp. science as the core bitcoin maintainer. What are the odds they're either oblivious to, or completely aware &amp; ignoring an imminent 51% attack. You also have hundreds of millions of dollars spent on mining bitcoin only trying to make more money, and all these miners are also oblivious to or aware &amp; ignoring an opportunity to make more money. Those odds are pretty damn small. Just consider that for a second. I'm not saying it proves *anything* at all, I'm just saying the odds are pretty small, so if you want to prove all them wrong, you better bring some decent data/research to the table, or a viable scenario.
(ps demigod ~= demagogue)
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:35:57


Not anytime soon. Small companies, yes. If you're paying 8 employees, it's just about free to switch to a different system for payouts. If you've got a corporation with 10k employees, a systems change is an investment that costs tens of millions. Right now bitcoin is unproven, nascent, there is limited demand by employees for bitcoin payouts, and there are few elegant software solutions that have any reputation whatsoever to do it. Too many risks, too few benefits, too big investments.


1) demand from employees. It can one day become a perk just like 'free lunch' or 'insurance coverage, only much easier to do. Companies will do quite a lot to improve their reputation in the job market. Employees would demand it because of immediate payout and because they'd want bitcoin obviously. (who would want that, is a separate question we assume the answer to is 'yes'. If it's not, then this entire discussion is irrelevant anyway.)
2) lower costs, faster payout. ACH is still a system used for payout and it's really slow. It's not that expensive actually, the transaction itself is pretty cheap, but it's expensive in that it can take time and manual labor, and can get especially costly when you let an external company process it for you. With bitcoin you have digital money, so you can build full software solutions. And that means it's cheap and automated. Kind of like processing email versus mail, it's a world of difference.
3) because bitcoin allows some very interesting money management at companies. Things like accounting, as well as assurance, budgeting, security, anti-theft/fraud etc become very easy to do in a system that is 100% transparent (to the company), 100% accountable, 100% digital. Again, software solutions. Things like multi-signature would be a very interesting tool to manage budgets securely, for example. Accounting where money went is easily traced back to the signee etc. You'd be surprised how crappy financial systems are at companies, I think a lot of us can tell a story of how systems were leaky, not properly supervised, accounting was incomprehensive etc.


There's a few companies in this space right now, they'll pickup in 2015 and do small companies. If they're successful, you'll see e.g. Coinbase build a similar product. (e.g. look at how they build a tipping service within 2 weeks right after the ChangeTip media hype.) Then you'll probably see that roll out and prove itself for 2 years or so and then the big boys roll in, just like how Bitpay started in 2011, proved itself with small retailers, then did multiple billion-dollar companies in 2014. So it'll probably be something like 2016-2018.
It will probably start really scrappy. e.g. maybe Braintree will allow 5% of its employees who sign up for it get paid in bitcoin, and only the engineers will sign up, and it'll mostly be a manual thing. It'd be an experiment, more to learn and brand the company as being 'innovative, tech-focused, listening to employees' rather than  because it works so much better than the regular payroll software. This could happen within months, it just takes one big company to try it. Wouldn't be surprised if Overstock did it in 2015. But it probably will be more for ideological/branding reasons than because it's actually that awesome.
And then after 2020 you'll probably see a fully integrated module for existing ERP systems like Oracle's human resource payroll systems, integrated with e.g. Coinbase. The large corporations will still use large corporate ERP software, only now that software comes with bitcoin functionality, and it'll allow even all the non-tech secretaries to take 10% of their salary in bitcoin into a Paypal wallet, or a digital wallet at their bank or something. Any corporation will probably just configure this module with a few clicks and it'll become normal, a 'me-too' type of thing, like having your company on google maps. But I really think this isn't happening anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:03:32
I'm not sure what solution there is to this (that would also require a hardfork).
Generally a lot of people perceive it as a self-solving problem. In the early days there always is a first-mover, a first big miner. Over time, the ecosystem matures and more mining parties get in to the game. Bitcoin grows, there are more investments, and no one party can afford a large percentage of the mining power. At that point we might see many small miners, and while they could collude, it'd be very unlikely because the financial incentives don't support attacks.
It's a bit like wondering if a bank president will rob his own bank. He's making money legally, and then he wants to become a fugitive by stealing money from his own vault by rerouting some transactions instead of to the vault to his own account. He'd win less money than he'd gain if he just stayed legitimate, and his bank is ruined and he's hated and sought after forever by the authorities. 
It just doesn't happen very often, especially not in collusion from many bank presidents, and especially not in a radically transparent system like the blockchain.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:40:29
Not at all, how can you infer that? He said he spoke to DragonCon, he quoted DragonCon responses as 'DC'. They replied with knowledge of what the top management thought of bitcoin and said they were keenly aware. Obviously whoever he spoke to is quite different and much more important than someone who works at the counter of McDonalds. I don't understand how you made that comparison.
It's up to individuals to choose to try to convince someone of something at the risk of wasting their individual time. CAPTAIN didn't have a problem with that, he explicitly said it'd be better if businesses were not informed about customers wanting to pay a certain way that would bring cost savings on the business end, better for both the individual wanting to pay that way and better for the business that could potentially save costs and bring in new business, which is, in short, a ridiculous statement to make.
@_date: 2014-08-28 11:51:31
@_date: 2014-07-15 19:08:22
100% awesome and 100% cringe at the same time!
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:29:54
If he spent a bit more time on these 'few lines of code' (which makes it sound trivial, it's actually one of the biggest problems to solve and I'd be extremely interested to hear more on this point) and less on multiple repetitions of things stated back in 2012 (which were of course rehashing things clearly known back in 2009), I'd have enjoyed the video more and it would've been a lot more productive.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:27:27
First answer, yes that's feasible within a few years! In fact I think if someone really tried, they could probably convince a local office to do just that, today. I don't think it's been much of a focus, and it's only recently there there's some regulatory clearance to do such things in some countries. But really, the automated (A in ATM!) equivalent already exists as there are a few two-way ATMs out there worldwide in downtown locations of capital cities, where you can both put in fiat/btc and take out btc/fiat.
The second point, it's extremely unlikely anyone is working with FB right now. But FB, like every other big platform, has an API. For example, I'm a game developer and whenever someone plays a game and gets a highscore, I made a button so that they can put a message of their score on their wall or send it to their friends in a private message. Facebook, once a user logs in and gives permission, allows an API to get your list of friends and send them messages. As such it's pretty easy for changetip to build fb-tipping functionality.
In fact, sending bitcoin using facebook already exists. Multiple parties offer it, for example blockchain.info
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:49:15
oh god
I've had my fill of arguing semantics in 2014, perhaps I'll have more time next year :p
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:43:25
Check out localbitcoins or mycelium local trades as well as ATMs in your area or friends who are near an ATM who you can send money to and trust you.
Other than that, not that I know of, it's something everyone is trying to fix. But usually once you get verified at an exchange, subsequent purchases are pretty fast depending on how fast your bank is. e.g. here in Europe I wire money to Kraken and it arrives the same day for free and I can buy and withdraw instantly up to $100k monthly.
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:10:48
I would add a quick note that a storage method is simply a form of writing down your private key (or 'master password' if you will) and that theoretically, you could write it down in ANY form.
You could write it down in base 2, base 10, base 64. You could write it down in a series of hand claps, store it in an MP3 song, store it by arranging books in your closet, store it by peeing symbols in snow.
I think that's a pretty interesting thing to think about storing anything from 1 millionth of a dollar to a billion dollars without any account or counterparty or bank or card or hardware or whatever necessary. The money is in the blockchain (sort of, at least) and you can store your access code to it in any way you want.
And the cool thing is that there are more bitcoin private keys than there are atoms in the universe. So you can do anything you want. You could for example take the wikipedia picture of the mona lisa, add your first and last name and hash it, and use that as a private key. The odds someone will get this password is pretty much 0 unless it becomes one of those popular ways to store your password and is mined to death :p
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:06:29
A chart of what? 'of bitcoin' is not enough information. You can't make a chart 'of apples' or 'of cars'. You mean of the value of bitcoin? Problem is, how do you express the value of bitcoin? Usually by denominating it in something else, like another currency. The popular way to express that value is using the dollar value. And that really just is the price chart of bitcoin... So I'm not really sure what you're asking here as you haven't specified what you want to see a chart of.
Inflation adjusted to 'bitcoin' or to the 'dollar' makes no sense. Bitcoin or the dollar are inflation adjusted to PRICE levels, not to monetary supply levels. These price changes may originate from money supply changes, but that's not what inflation-adjustment measures. And price levels change similarly, whether you express them in dollars or bitcoins. So you really just end up wanting to see a chart of the bitcoin price and you can find that here for example: 
@_date: 2014-06-14 11:17:23
* They will sell, indeed. This always creates some downward pressure. 
* Downward pressure won't be big. Reason? A) It's a private purchase that won't happen on an exchange. And B) The buyer will likely be a fund like BIT/Panterra who will not dump it on an exchange, but rather sell it again privately to professional investors through their fund. Exchange prices aren't affected much.
* Buying large volumes of bitcoin isn't easy without moving the price upwards (and thus paying a higher average price). As such, buying at a fixed price without moving the market is a prime opportunity for a large fund like BIT. This means they'll easily offer up to the current average exchange rate, as this rate is a lot better than buying at an exchange and seeing the price-to-pay go up by 10-20% while buying. This means the final price paid will be close to or even exceeding the exchange price slightly, it's therefore not an easy option to buy and dump for profit at all.
* Indeed, this sale hits media everywhere. It also may sort of legitimize bitcoin, in that a government entity is now selling it in exchange for another money. It thus has value and it's deemed a property to sell. This would not happen if they had seized $18m worth of monopoly money, after all.
In short, I wouldn't say the price goes up or down, it's pretty neutral in terms of price, but it further brings attention and legitimization to bitcoin. So I'm not at ALL concerned, we've known this would happen for a year, it's not an issue.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:00:26
Nah, this isn't nearly as important as you guys think it is.
First of all, inflation is at a record low. Do you know why they cut interest rates? To increase inflation. Yes, they explicitly said this. People don't seem to get that economists generally agree (not all, but most) that modest inflation is something good to strife for.
You and I may not agree, but economists and markets generally do. That's why gold is at a low, because there is so little inflation, and when there's little inflation, there's no need for gold which is seen as the safe haven against inflation.
Now it is of course indeed true that this increases inflation which means anyone holding euro's will have a sliiiightly bigger reason to buy some gold/bitcoin than before, but the difference is marginal.
Also, to correct any misinformation, banks will NOT earn money by borrowing money from the bank because of a negative rate. Their borrowing rate is still positive. The deposit rate is negative. So banks that deposit money at the central bank (instead of lending it to businesses and consumers) will now have to pay the central bank for this, instead of earning interest on these deposits. As such, banks will not be incentivized to deposit funds at the central bank and instead will pump it into the economy.
The effect this has will not be insane. I don't see any reason to suspect it's any bigger than Cyprus. And we can see it in the price, it didn't really move in 24 hours despite it sounding awesome and despite the eBay CEO just announcing what can be summarized as a huge credibility boost to bitcoin.
In short, love bitcoin, I think it's underpriced for its potential, but this news isn't as big as I'd like it to be.
@_date: 2014-07-25 17:55:03
Yup, pretty much.
In other words, if bitcoin can buy only $100 of gold, Peter wins $100. If bitcoin can buy e.g. $10k worth of gold, Peter loses $10k. It's a silly bet and I'm willing to make it with anyone who's interested in taking Peter's side.
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:19:41
Awesome! :D
My favorite thing is probably mobile banking for those who have no access to banking right now. In 5-10 years, I'm expecting huge leaps in financial inclusion because of something like bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:42:43
Ouch. I'm paying nothing. Well, I paid 0.9 cents once for a withdrawl. 
Anyway, check with your bank. One of SEPA's cornerstone principles is a law of 'same-price' which refers to the notion that international SEPA transactions should cost the same as national transactions within the country with a few exceptions like Switzerland.
For example: 
@_date: 2014-05-05 16:58:25
Again, I'm not doubting you, all I said is that it makes it a little harder.
There are all kinds of issues with giving a large sack of money because it leaves a big paper trail that you'll need to be able to explain. This is why most money doesn't go to direct election fundraising, it goes to things like super pacs that don't have these limitations or risks.
@_date: 2014-06-30 09:58:46
In fact, in the past 24 hours bitcoin's value **grew** by more than his predicted minimum value. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:14:50
Oh, well because you can send money to yourself, in short, and spam at no cost infinitely.
longer version
If there'd be no cost (a fee) to a transaction, you could generate an address (that nobody in the system can prove is or isn't yours) and then send a satoshi to it. A bitcoin has 100m satoshis. So with 1 bitcoin you could generate 1m transactions. And at the end, you would still own that 1 bitcoin, so you could just send it again. To put that into perspective, today we send about 50k to 100k transactions on a daily basis and the blockchain is already 20 gigabytes. 
Hell even if you made the minimum number say $1. You could still send 600 transactions per bitcoin every 10 minutes. Meaning with just $10k worth of money (a trivial amount for any attacker) you could create 10k transactions every 10 minutes. 
And at the end of your attack, you would still have your $10k.
Again to put that into perspective, we currently create about 500 transactions every 10 minutes. 
Given that a transaction is about 600 bytes of data, 10k transactions per 10 minutes would be about 820 megabytes of data every day. Within a month you would double the current blockchain size (which holds 5 years of transactions).
And that's just with a $10k attack. You can imagine the burden on nodes, processing, networks and storage of the blockchain with 'minor' attacks of a few million dollars. It'd be a huge DoS attack and transactions would stop to be included in blocks. Merchants wouldn't receive payments anymore etc, it would become unusable or slow (just like any service under a DoS attack) and the price of bitcoin would plummet until the attack is over.
@_date: 2014-06-04 22:56:52
Honest dialogue always worked with my parents. 
It's like having racist parents, most of them are scared, have little experience with other types of people and are concerned through a visceral, rather than a rational process.
But when you'd ask a racist parent, my friend is e.g. black/white/whatever, and he's just as kind and able and ambitious and hardworking/whatever as you or me, what really is the problem? Ask them to break it down for you.
Often this process leads them to at least acknowledge that there's something very irrational about their thinking.
If your mom is concerned about bitcoin, ask her to break it down. If she comes up with Mt. Gox, ask her to break it down why Mt. Gox has anything to do with you, any more than Bernie Madoff has anything to do with your mom. They're both scammers, and whether they scammed in dollars, bitcoin or lollipops, that's the reality we live in. But trading bitcoin is not illegal, and there's plenty of documentation from government officials that explicitly backs that up. And reading about it is certainly not illegal, as you're doing. There are congressmen accepting bitcoin and championing it, there are government authorities who have accepted bitcoin as a completely licit thing (in that Fincen has chosen to regulate it as a legal money-substitute, and the IRS has recognized it as legal property), there are large companies like Dish and Overstock that you can pay with bitcoin etc etc. It's by no means illegal to hold or use, and certainly not bad to have an interest in.
With all the fear if illegalities (shady deep web stuff for example) aside, it opens up a great discussion on the origin and future of money, finance and economics which are profound topics to think about especially for a young person, regardless of whether you think bitcoin will play a role in that or not. I'd rather have my kids read about that than *just* jerk off, play games and watch anime all day, there should be time for all of that :)
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:05:33
MAN, I can't say how impressed I've been with Kraken. Between me and other family members I've had sign up there we've sent enough Euro down there to buy 20 Bitcoin. 
Deposits happened within 48 hours at most, usually a lot faster. We've paid 0 on deposit or withdrawl and we've paid 0.17% to buy or sell Bitcoin, Ripple and Litecoin.
Never any lag or downtime and it seems to be very secure and well-built. The fact that USD volume is low is reassuring, it means Kraken will only go where it can say without reasonable doubt that it's fully legal for them to offer their services. This means relative to other parties they're extremely low-risk.
I hope Kraken will be the model for all future exchanges. They really really deserve more love. They've basically got the entire SEPA covered, which is huge. Hopefully they'll be able to cover all US states in 2014.
@_date: 2014-10-19 22:18:11
Gox? No. Don't expect that to happen anytime soon. You could make it decentralized (like Ripple's various gateways) but it doesn't actually solve anything. You still need to trust the gateways just like you'd trust a centralized third party. 
Altcoins? Yeah. If the fiat stuff is out of the way, sure. 
@_date: 2014-10-23 12:58:33
Do you check that blockchain.info is reached over SSL and its certificate is safe? 
Besides that, what is the password to your blockchain wallet. Which IPs accessed your wallet. Do you have 2FA set-up? What did you use to generate your keys?
@_date: 2014-04-16 23:44:41
Firstly there's a legal difference and that's important as it seems much easier to run a brokerage service than a full blown exchange service and be regulatorily compliant.
Secondly, exchanges provide the global liquidity to any party, whereas a broker is more limited. For example, if Bitpay accepts bitcoin and the merchant wants dollars, Bitpay needs an exchange to sell the bitcoin at a market price and all this has to be computerized and automated. Pretty much the same thing with a bitcoin ATM.
As for price differentials at exchanges, well it appears Coinbase, ATMs, SecondMarket, that they source coins from various exchanges, not just Bitstamp. Also Mt. Gox in the past, also BTC-E, also Bitfinex, in Europe also Kraken. So it's not just bitstamp.
But it doesn't matter, because that's where arbitrage traders come in. These are mostly automated trading-bots programmed to download all prices every minute for example, look at the difference, the act accordingly, completely automated with multiple accounts at different exchanges. So if the price at Bitstamp is 5% higher than at BTC-E, the bot will sell at Bitstamp and buy the equivalent at BTC-E for example, then the dollars from Bitstamp are sent to BTC-E while the bitcoin at BTC-E is sent to Bitstamp. There's variations on this, but that's the general idea. Immediately the price will create a more or less equilibrium with usually about 0.5% or so price differences over time. (read up on Arbitrage if you'd like).
What direction the price goes in depends, SecondMarket allows both buying and selling. But I think the buying part will be the more popular of the two. This is because, if someone already had 25+ bitcoin, he must've gotten it through an exchange or through mining which means he's likely to be adept enough to just sell it himself at an exchange for a market price. It's less likely he would then go to SecondMarket and pay them a premium for the service of selling. Whereas people buying bitcoin at SecondMarket for the first time is perfectly reasonable, as they may not be familiar with mining or exchanges and would prefer a trusted US-based counterparty who takes care of all the logistics for them. So, this will probably create more demand for bitcoin than supply, but we'll see. Not sure if this is really going to be huge, they already had bitcoin as an investment vehicle, and Coinbase already covered non-investment vehicle bitcoins in a user friendly way, so not sure if this has any strong unique selling point yet. The big takeaway for me is credibility, a decade old big financial player reaffirming their commitment to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-13 14:45:38
Exactly, this will generate revenue for Bitpay, but the costs for the company will be less than 0.1% for a medium sized company that sells $5m a year, but pays $300 a month in fees. 0.072% to be exact.
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:26:50
Alright buddy I found the problem. This was bothering me :P
So I should've noticed this right away. Earlier I said the lower/uppercase caused a difference, that should have been a sign because the number is obviously a hexadecimal, and there's no difference in upper/lowercase in a hex number.
So turns out all those sha256 calculators are ASCII calculators. It's not easy to find a hex one online :P there's loads of implementations on github, but not many hosted ones. Here's one:
As  you can see, if you enter the key in the binary hex input field and hash it, below under SHA256 it'll return the right digest.
Hope that helps. Best wishes
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:48:34
Currently mining fees are only a fraction of a percent of block rewards, usually averaging about 0.5%. It'll take about 15 years for block rewards to be slashed by 10x... That's a long timeframe for a problem to be solved... :-/
@_date: 2014-03-13 22:54:33
I'd be pretty surprised if Amazon did accept Bitcoin in the next 9 months. Setting it all up is a big deal, particularly training staff to handle customer support at Amazon's volume. Amazon also has, after apple, the most creditcards on file. This is an asset and they probably have some deals and ties with creditcard companies. And what's in it for them at the moment? Not all that much. Probably only a few million people worldwide own bitcoin, opposed to Amazon having something like 300 million active accounts. Look at Overstock, they gained about 0.5% in new business revenue, but Amazon does about 60x Overstock revenue. At the moment, there just aren't enough bitcoin users to allow Amazon to generate e.g. 1-2% new business, I don't think it's worth it for them at the moment. 
Amazon will very likely accept bitcoin at some point, but I think 'by 2014' is much too soon. But hey, let's hope I'll be proven wrong, will look back at this post in 9 months. Excited about where we'll be at then!
@_date: 2014-05-10 23:21:39
fuck, lol. Let's just say that, to someone who's new to bitcoin, it's fuuuuucking easy to make it sound like the worst thing ever conceived. Thought Powell presenting anthrax was powerful stuff, or supposed WMDs? A lobbyist has a field day putting bitcoin in a bad light.
This is actually why a properly ran foundation is really useful, to lobby government and fight back and tell the right story. You can talk shit about the idea of an organisation trying to represent a technological innovation like bitcoin, but if regulation turns against bitcoin, it's dead. You won't see more than 0.1% adoption if companies like Coinbase or Bitpay aren't allowed to be active, or if banks prevent deposits to Bitstamp. It's really important to try to get the regulation to favor bitcoin and a foundation can be excellent in doing just that. Pierce was a joke though, I can't fathom why anyone let that happen.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:38:25
Don't refer to me unless you want to quote me on either of those two positions, I never took either. For one, I'm not into bitcoin from an anarchist or libertarian perspective. Number two, I lost 0 at Mt. Gox because I never chose to deal with them.
So I'm neither boasting about an evil government nor crying for government because I had any money stolen. Why post this nonsense?
That having been said, it's a perfectly reasonable position to take that when a government deflates a currency like in Zimbabwe, or puts pressure on payment processors not to deal with wikileaks that we should hold it accountable and call it a(n evil) mistake, while also looking to government to provide a judicual system to hold accountable those who have been proven to have stolen money. There is nothing hypocritical about that, in fact it's very consistent.
We don't need post like yours.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:51:36
For fun and because any one place probably has only a handful of people interested to buy bitcoin, but a lot of handfuls can be significant.
@_date: 2014-05-14 20:41:06
What is 'this' and what is 'our'? I'm Dutch by the way. Banking is pretty cost-efficient here, but again all costs are hidden. I don't pay for transactions, but my merchant does. I don't pay for transactions but my bank account costs money annually, as does my debit and creditcard. My de facto tx fees are actually something like 5% on my creditcard just because I don't use it very often and I pay like $20 annually. But the transaction itself is always free, that's what I mean with hidden.
Stories from the US, and my time living in Canada, those were pretty horrible. Most banking studies show an average of $100 in annual fees and ontop of that your merchant pays 1-2%. Who cares if you don't pay for a transaction, you're still paying.
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:12:54
Thanks for putting this up. I didn't really get his numbers (he mentioned 100k users a day, I hope he means active users but it sounded like he thought there were 100k new users getting a bit of bitcoin every day which is absolutely ridiculous as far as I can see)
Absolutely loved his succinct little introduction to trade. A few fun things he mentioned that I only partially knew:
* There was never barter trade. People traded based on debt, which is currency, but through memory. As in, someone kills a mammoth, you ask him for a bit of the meat. He says sure. A week later he comes to you and asks for some firewood, and you give it as you were indebted to him earlier. Basically everyone had an internal ledger of memories that was very subjective.
* Then later came coins to really turn that into something more concrete and precise. If you have 1000 coins in the community, then trading coins really is exchanging 1 of 1000 slots in a ledger. The coin just represents you own that slot. And this ledger is really a form of debt. If you do something for someone, you pay him in slots of a ledger, which is nothing more than 'debit', in that you can use those slots to pay someone else who's indebted to you, at least systematically. 
* Finally we come full circle and get an ACTUAL precise ledger which requires nobody to hold the coins, is easily portable, fungible, divisible. And nobody holds the power to increase slots in the ledger and automatically give these slots to oneself, which is a form of corruption. (particularly as a reserve currency can do this, and the rest have to accept, this is how ridiculous trade deficits can exist and one population can live off of the labor of another).
* He then talked a little bit about how gold wasn't a great ledger. Essentially he said, we're digging up billions of dollars out of the ground, and then we lock them up under the ground again in a vault. It's no longer used as currency because of its impracticalities that bitcoin doesn't share.
* He then mentioned how gold isn't valuable because it's wanted as jewelry, but that it's wanted as jewerly BECAUSE its valuable! He mentioned aluminium which at one point was extremely scarce and valuable. A quote to illustrate:


It was also used to coat parts of the Washington Monument as a way of showing the US's power and wealth. Nowadays it's extremely cheap and hasn't those uses anymore. In other words, gold's value is to a large extent a self-fulfilling prophecy of a scarce good that can't be forged or synthesized, similar to the bitcoins on the longest blockchain. 
Didn't necessarily agree with every conclusion that he drew but he had a lot of such great bits of knowledge, not all of which I covered here. I can recommend this talk!
Thanks again
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:26:08
I love coinometrics but it's also a bit crap. For example, when Bitstamp wanted to prove ownership of their funds, they moved 190 thousand bitcoins from one of their wallets to another of their wallets. 
In other words, at least 50% of that day's 'volume' was verifiably attributable to a transaction that did not involve two or more parties, it involved one party transferring money to itself. It's just not a good metric of transactions between people or companies.
There's that. Then there's the way the protocol deals with change. If you have a wallet and someone sent you 5 bitcoin and another person sent you 5 bitcoin too. And now you have to make a 6 bitcoin payment. What Bitcoin wallets do is actually take the two inputs (5+5) and make two outputs (6, to the recipient) and the remainder (4, to yourself). This means that if all volume consisted of such transactions, at least 40% of volume would actually be phantom volume to yourself.
Now of course, bitstamp doesn't make 190k transactions to itself daily, nor do you get such lopsided 'change' transactions. But the fact is, without any analysis, the numbers are pretty meaningless. 
On the other hand, bitcoin's 'impact' goes far beyond the blockchain. Virtually every exchange (e.g. bitstamp) AND every payment processor (e.g. Coinbase) actually uses off the chain transactions for a lot of their operations. So it is actually possible that bitcoin's impact is much greather than the numbers show.
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:53:51
oh god
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:34:34
Oh just a note on incentives. Why would anyone do this? Well, first is just human nature. We prank and annoy people, we hack stuff, we throw rocks into windows every now and then. We do bad stuff, just because we can, especially anonymously. There'll always be someone willing to break something if they can do it for free and anonymously.
But, more importantly, we can short bitcoin using derivatives. Such derivatives are already present in small amount but they'll come. So you could indeed borrow bitcoin from someone and short it.
e.g. I have 5 bitcoin, I borrow 100 bitcoin from you, and I'll send you back 105 bitcoin a week later. You say 'sure, I'd love to lend you 100 bitcoins and earn 5', right.
So now I sell the 100 bitcoins for say $50k. I then take those 5 bitcoins and spam the network to hell. 5 bitcoins = 500 million satoshis that can be sent every 10 minutes. I could create billions of transactions per hour and completely clog the system. Merchants couldn't accept payments anymore, everything grinds to a halt, people see the vulnerability and sell their bitcoin. The price plummets by say 50%.
I then stop the attack, buy 100 bitcoin for $25k, and send it to you. I've now made $25k for free by shorting an asset which went down in value because I attacked it.
So attacks on bitcoin can actually be profitable outside of say a 51% attack! 
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:36:54
If you encrypted a file properly you could show the data in a super bowl commercial or a world cup commercial and the money would never be stolen.
So ask yourself if your encryption is good enough. If it is, you're good wherever the file is stored, malware or not.
@_date: 2014-08-09 12:00:01
Thanks! Very helpful.
1 upvote.
Hope you'll consider spending bitcoin directly when you can next time, and use the card for those who don't take bitcoin :P
@_date: 2014-06-09 12:47:37
CPU mining would've also meant that anyone who wants to spend a bit of money on a botnet could buy the system. Professional mining equipment is a good thing, sort of, if there are enough players.
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:26:25
lol yeah that's pretty crazy. But hey, for the archives, I'll have it be said I'm not trusting exchanges like btce or bitstamp either. They might be competent, but we're currently in a space where these companies operate in unregulated markets without any accountability, and where a president of the US has every single day of his life, word out of his mouth, contact he has ever made, fully scrutinized by thousands of people, we know next to nothing about these exchanges. Just like with Mt. Gox. 
We really really need better journalism, self-regulation, independent audits and customers who'll refuse to work with companies if they don't verify their funds or allow independent audits of funds/security policies.
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:44:05
And Bitpay+Coinbase sell roughly the same amount on a daily basis while processing transactions.
@_date: 2014-04-06 00:33:45
In terms of processing transactions, no, hashrate doesn't matter. Transactions are processed by mining blocks which happens around every 10 minutes. But, the more hashrate is required to have a chance of mining blocks, the more secure the network is. That is because network security can be compromised if someone has so much hashpower that he can mine most blocks. This allows him to put in these blocks only those transactions he wants, allowing him e.g. to send 100 bitcoin to a car dealer, buy the car, drive off, then mine a block in which those 100 bitcoins were actually sent to another car dealer, take that car and drive off. (silly example), which is called double spending. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 20:59:26
I think it's the most promising company so far with the most professional team and the more comprehensive and user-friendly concept. If it'll succeed is not sure, but the founders like Jeremy are considered extremely veteran guys both in terms of starting up companies as well as running highly established companies, so I have no doubt they have a great chance of making this work.
Anyone who is saying vaporware is an idiot. It's like saying google glass was vaporware between 2011 when they were prototyping and 2014 when consumers could actually buy one. That's just stupid. If you knew anything about building a company, saying it's vaporware at this stage is completely ridiculous. 
Particularly because they have never ever ever stated a release date or made any promise on any schedule or missed a single announced deadline. Just because people are excited and want it now doesn't mean they're vaporware when they don't deliver on people's expectations.
So really, let's be patient. I'm glad there are people with such a track record working on a bitcoin company, and I sure as hell would rather see them do a very limited testing beta and release a great product in 3 months from now than to get some Mt. Gox like shit engine tomorrow. And if you think you can do better, I'd love to hear about your projects.
@_date: 2014-06-17 12:16:36
That's an extremely naive view about Europe I'm sorry to say. (European here)
@_date: 2014-10-08 04:34:15
I wish people read this and actually did it. I remember talking Mt. Gox over with my brother, a year or so before it crashed. It was the biggest, the easiest, had a price premium. We thought long and hard, read a lot, and decided there were a million too many warning flags and never sent a dime their way. Not saying Cavirtex is the same, but I've seen the same type of forum posts, the same type of complaints and same type of company response. I really hope people use their money wisely, nobody needs another gox again.
@_date: 2014-08-09 20:33:55
Think of the power if Dell gave $500 back to the customer, netted $500 extra profit, got a $500 edge in price over competitors and netted a happy new customer.
I really hope this catches on, but it's important we make our voice heard too. Discounts on bitcoin are as important as accepting bitcoin, even if it's 0.5%. Merchant adoption is a no-brainer, but they need to share their new profits with their customers to actually incentivize people to even consider paying with bitcoin. 
Some day the 'enthusiasts' streak will lose steam and we had better replace it by then with actual consumer benefits even the biggest skeptic can enjoy.
So again, we must make our voice be heard and not just ask to pay with bitcoin, but get a share of the savings too. Coinbase paved the way with functionality for merchants allowing an easy way to set a discount.
@_date: 2014-06-09 12:33:00
Yeah it really is very smooth, it's a great place for spending bitcoin quickly. A lot of bitcoin is either expensive stuff like hundreds of dollars on Dish that you wouldn't want to get just to try bitcoin, or it's something small that'll need to be shipped to you.... but fiverr is one of those things where you can spend a very small amount and receive a digital product within a day, that's awesome as a usecase
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:38:55


Sorry but that's really like saying 'this shop selling swimming pants at this pool is okay for people who want to swim, but for people who want to buy some regular clothes, say a sweater, they're MUCH better off at a regular clothing shop.'
Fact is, that's what remittance is all about. It's not about sending home a shitton of value. I mean, do you get what you're saying? $10k? That's literally 5 YEARS of income for the average Filipino.  That's absolutely not typical, it's a ridiculous scenario for most people. If you read any of the boatload of NGO, governmental and intergovernmental publications on remittance that come out each year, you'd know that a typical amount looks like $100 or $200. You bring up a valid point, don't get me wrong, I just don't think it's very relevant in a remittance discussion where this scenario is highly unusual.
In fact, that's what my dad sent my uncle just last week. (North-Africa in this case). Now I don't know what the banking penetration is like, but take into account that rebit offers a free pickup at one location, and pickups costing $1 at many different locations, or $2 or so for a delivery to your home. Take that into account, again, my dad, last week, sent my uncle money, not with a bank but with westernunion, because my uncle doesn't have the bank account I've had since I was 12. 
Rebit is not about sending money to bank accounts in the Philippines as payment for a big shipment of goods for businesses. It's about sending small amounts of money quickly to people who may not have a bank account.
As for your numbers, thanks for the insight, really. It's always good to get a sense of the numbers. Although you do leave me curious about getting a better rate than google's market rate, which usually makes the actual rate look expensive, not cheap. If you can be bothered, could you call your bank for a quote and compare it with the google rate? Or let me know what your bank (name &amp; country) is at least?
As for the bitcoin side of things, Circle is easier, faster and cheaper than Coinbase. For US customers in dollar scenarios I don't see why need to quote a more expensive price. No 1% fee at Circle.
Thanks again for sharing your insights.
@_date: 2014-03-16 14:01:43
damn bro! congrats, how many coins did you think you lost?
@_date: 2014-02-27 09:40:23
Quote me on that. Again I repeat peobably for the third time or so that bitcoin is unlikely to be made illegal indeed for various reasons including it being very hard to do. Im not in awe at all, im discussing a theoretical scenario if something happens, not whether something happens.
But again, hypothetically speaking, if it is made illegal, I dont see bitcoin existing in any significant way. Itll be too inconvenient, risky, costly,and therefore too easy to compete with.
Ive got all my money in bitcoin. Its tiresome to have to defend myself from words being put into my mouth by people who wont consider a two sided conversation here at reddit.
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:42:43
I wonder, too. It's quite possible this is just a regular creditcard that requires authentication by Xapo. (in that Xapo is actually the holder of the creditcard. When you use it and Xapo verifies the transaction, you actually pay with Xapo credit. All Xapo then does is repay themselves by selling your bitcoin at bitstamp. That's not really a bitcoin transaction though, in fact it seems it'd be more expensive as there's a regular creditcard transaction + a bitstamp selloff which costs a fraction of a percent at Bitstamp, plus a potential tiny amount to withdraw the fiat from bitstamp (and lose out on any potential tiny amount of return on capital while this money is sitting at bitstamp)
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:01:37
I certainly think so. There's not, that I know of, any culture that has ever used denominations of 0.0xxx to buy things like bread or milk. There are plenty that use denominations in the tens or hundreds. e.g. a 600 Japanese Yen sandwich is fine for over a hundred million people. As is a Coca Cola for 10 Mexican Pesos. But I've never seen 0.01 something for a piece of bread say.
We really tend to avoid decimals. Like a diamond, it's not bought in whole kilos, it's traded in small fractions of a kilo. So we don't use grams or carats. Whereas for potatoes it's fine, we use whole kilos. We stay away from using decimal numbers as humans don't like it for everyday use.
Right now the most popular and likely candidate are 'bits', a millionth of a bitcoin. Meaning  a $5 sandwich is 12.500 bits instead of 0.0125 bitcoin.
Which gets better over time. If bitcoin fails, nobody cares what its number is. But if it succeeds, it'll surely go up in value by 10x, or 100x, or 1000x. So a $5 sandwich will in the future be 1250 bits, or 125 bits, or 12.5 bits. As opposed to 0.00125, 0.000125 or 0.0000125 bitcoin!
Underneath, the computers will still use bitcoin, but it's easier for humans to read it in bits. Virtually everyone agrees this is useful, most people agree that 'bits' is probably the best name for it, but some people still disagree. (as it may confuse people with computers' bits and bytes)
@_date: 2014-12-14 14:58:38
1 upvote!
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:26:12
There is lots of concern, but at the end of the day there's no immediate risk.
For an individual to perform a 51% attack on his own, it requires massive investments. Here's some interesting methodology that covers the economics: 
As you can see, it costs over $1b currently, and that number is rising. But it'd be near impossible to steal that amount of money. After all, exchanges total about $15-20m in liquidity on a daily basis. So if you could fool all exchanges worldwide for 24 hours, you'd barely recoup your investments. But of course that'd be impossible, as double-spending and 51% attacks are obvious very quickly, all exchanges would go into temporary lockdown.
In short, it's a high-risk, low-reward scenario that's extremely difficult to pull off. Pooled mining is a risk on the other hand, but here the scenario isn't all that much different. 
In short, it's a concern but realistically it's not a big threat at the moment. However I would like to see better self-governance in pools and by miners. That means for example that pool-administrators run open-source software, which can only be pushed out by consensus of multiple administrators. This prevents one pool admin from running some malicious 51% attack software without anyone knowing. This should be a prerequisite for miners, who stand to gain the most from a long-term honest mining culture. Stuff like that should be worked on.
@_date: 2014-05-26 19:43:19
Just look into public key cryptography, it's completely unrelated to bitcoin in the sense that bitcoin is just one of the millions of usecases of this concept.
This is a pretty comprehensive video of some of the basics, including elliptic curves.
He describes it as a pool table. If you shoot a ball from a certain location with a certain vector (certain force and direction), it'll bounce around the pool table hundreds of times before coming to a stop. You can repeat that over and over again and the ball will end up in exactly the same spot, if you shoot it from the same starting position in the same direction with the same force. However, after it has come to a stop, nobody in the world can figure out where you shot it from with which force and which direction, it could've ended up there in trillions of different ways.
Elliptic curve in that sense is a 'one-way function', just like public key cryptography. It's possible to go one way, but it's impossible to deduce from the result how to go back.
Here's a quick guide on that:
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:13:20
Nice, but not nearly as nice as when these 30m companies actually subscribed to mail.
It's fairly easy for me to build a business directory of millions of firms within a week just by scraping and buying some data which is what Manta does. So you can imagine only a fraction of those 30m people opening the email let alone reading it thoroughly.
But still great.
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:25:48
True, sort of. Again, bitcoin usage goes far beyond consumers paying merchants. Merchants paying other merchants (B2B) could reduce costs earlier in the supply chain which can reduce prices for us in the long-run. Also, merchant adoption is still a big factor in price, so if you do hold bitcoin, you can be rest assured Amazon announcing it'll accept it is big news. Besides this, merchant adoption also increases legitimacy. e.g. if Overstock does it, TigerDirect can, too. If they do it, why not Amazon. If Amazon does it, Paypal will integrate it. If they all do it, the regulators will see licit use outweighs illicit use and more favourably regulate it (or reduce regulation). If regulation favours it and big corporations use it, banks will service bitcoin companies more, maybe integrate it into their own services. Users will adopt it more, investors will hold a larger percentage of their portfolio in bitcoin.
etc etc. Amazon accepting bitcoin would have a snowballing effect. Not on any large scale like this exaggerated story, but there will be an impact that reverberates throughout the ecosystem. In the end, I think that's worth a few bucks, especially if it causes your bitcoins to appreciate.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:19:10
I doubt it... I guess everyone thinks that the auction is going to increase the supply a lot and drop the price in 10 days, so best sell now and rebuy in two weeks.
In reality, not much will happen. You need to put up at least $200k to even participate in the bidding, the bidding itself will probably get quite a lot of attention from various large funds (e.g. BIT, Panterra, but possibly also exchanges or companies like Coinbase/Circle might want to get in to buy a few million below market price. Remember it's generally necessary to have some bitcoin liquidity to run a bitcoin companies) so I expect the price to be driven up close to the regular market prices. And I don't expect these people to then just dump the bitcoin, either, because that'd kill the price very quick and you might actually lose money. This is mainly for larger investment funds like BIT and Panterra to sell to wealthy clients, so these coins won't actually have any immediate effect on the exchange prices.
So it's a bit of a foolish sell-off right now that will probably bounce back in a few weeks. Of course, any smart trader knows he can sell when everyone else fears, then buy cheap coins very quickly. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 02:51:37
Yes but it's nothing new. When we first saw mass altcoins nobody really took it seriously, everyone understood it was 99% pump and dump, but as a typical transparent ponzi, people tried to be the first to get in and out so it received some investment.
The idea has always been that it's all about bitcoin and that altcoins are interesting experimental testing grounds, e.g. to see how proof of stake turns out, what happens with infinite inflation, what happens with merge mining etc.
Lite and doge are exceptions that have some form of an ecosystem, although its still small and struggling. There was also some interest in appcoins, but it's pretty limited as you can build infinite ones on a single chain e,g, bitcoin or mastercoin. No need for separate chains for each.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:09:43
No the price won't double at all :-/ The supply of bitcoins consists of more than just 'new' supply.
To see why, imagine there are 1 trillion apples. People trade apples everyday. And imagine there was only 1 apple tree that produced 1 apple per year. The new supply of apples is 1 per year.
Now imagine the supply of apples halved, to 1 per 2 years. Would the price of those trillion apples double? Of course not. Because the 'supply' in 'supply and demand' consists of all of the 1 trillion apples that are offered for sale and traded every year, not just that single new apple.
Will the price rise? Maybe, yeah, if demand keeps growing while supply growth was reduced, then sure. But it won't double just like that.
Anyway, the bigger point is that reward halvings are predictable and thus it will be priced in to the price of bitcoin, the investment in mining, the necessity for transaction fees etc gradually as we approach the halving. If you're 1 month away from seeing your income drop by 50%, you're not going to make the same investments as if you're 12 months away. So mining power is going to stop growing as quickly in anticipation for a halving. While, given growing adoption, transaction fees will sloooowly become a more important part of the miner rewards. In fact, as rewards are halved, the losses for an orphan block are lower, and thus miners can include more transactions for the same risk. Thus over time very slowly transaction fees will counterbalance reward halvings.
It's also likely that the price will rise a bit, not double, but some, in anticipation of the halving. And this too means miners get a higher $ reward per bitcoin and thus are less inclined to suddenly turn off their mining rigs because electricity is too expensive, it's not when bitcoins increase in value.
So overall I expect a smooth process and very little double-spend attack risk.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:35:14
Let me know if you come to NL.
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:33:46
Great! :)
@_date: 2014-04-28 12:15:02
You don't overthrow a government that gives you 12.5% growth rate year on year.
There's a lot more to it, but that's the general idea. And don't forget, China actually consistently goes through a shitton of reform as the Chinese are becoming more vocal as their socioeconomic status improves and as the country changes. The government is surprisingly responsive for such a massive country.
@_date: 2014-12-11 04:35:30
If I remember correctly Ryan said he'd like to actually use bitcoin, the network, and not create some new coin and new chain for that. It might be a colored coin instead of be called bitcoin, but it's very likely to use the bitcoin network and actual bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:28:23
No was just listening to it in the background..
Panel session: when will Wall Street join the party?
Chad Cascarilla, Liberty City Ventures, Alec Petro, Bay Hill Capital Management
Moderated by Michael Terpin, Bitangels
Pretty sure it was one of these guys though. But could also have been one of these guys:
Panel session: Bitcoin Derivatives Markets - where next?
Arthur Hayes, BitMEX, Joseph Lee, BTC.sx, Harry Yeh, Binary Financial
Moderated by Jon Matonis, Bitcoin Foundation
The videos should be up soon so you can check em out. 30 and 40 minute sessions respectively, and interesting stuff, it wouldn't be a bore to watch through them to make sure.
edit: think it was Alec Petro.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:48:16
Yes, it could be.
Anything else? :p
@_date: 2014-10-01 23:55:45
At the top right of your screen next to the URL bar there should be a Copay button now. Press it, open wallet. Then join a wallet in creation. Then paste the secret Bash sent you, set a password, confirm and then backup the wallet.
Then open the wallet, enter your password. That's how far I got myself. Looking at an address now, I think all that's left is to send it 0.25 btc.
edit sent a test $1. Seems to work. Perhaps BashCo can test a withdrawal and if it's all good, let's send the $100 within the next 24h. I'm just waiting for Circle to confirm a deposit before I can spend it, had to top up my hot wallet, but it shouldn't be long.
@_date: 2014-10-20 13:55:38
Kraken is limited to euro markets at the moment. It's a legal thing. They've got a great legal team, and they looked at the US and said 'we can't right now'.
@_date: 2014-06-18 21:49:14
Awesome news. This is the first time we're seeing a real marketing push, the past 5 years were marked by companies capturing low-hanging fruit with little marketing spend. This marks a change.
More interesting for me is the fact that Bitpay chose to sponsor this as bitcoin, not as Bitpay. Perhaps that's a signal that rather than merchant adoption (they're a merchant-serving company), user adoption is something that needs some focus, and that will indirectly help them in the long run.
Love this because it brings bitcoin from the fringe to the mainstream, seeing bitcoin side-by-side regional and local landmarks like a local college bowl instills a lot of legitimacy in that area.
Looking forward to the follow-up for this a few months down the line.
@_date: 2014-04-02 17:27:12
That's not a bad assumption to make. I'm not sure where I stand, but it makes sense.
I've seen a lot of individuals keep their coin in hosted wallets exclusively, though. Coinbase is a typical 'user-friendly' company, and I wouldn't be surprised if many of their users have no bitcoin outside their Coinbase wallets. (which probably comprises of a few hundred addresses).
Also, let's not forget multiple parties have reported large numbers of users. Both Coinbase and Blockchain.info are at about 1.1m wallets and there's at least one popular wallet software that has had a few million downloads, and these are just three parties out of many. Considering some overlap and some double-accounts, I'd expect at least 2 million users myself.
@_date: 2014-04-19 14:00:45
As long as there's two people wanting to buy/sell bitcoin at every moment and can find eachother and trade it's 24/7. And that's the case. Every hour more than half a million dollars worth of bitcoin is traded.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:48:54
Thanks for your insights. I'm wondering if it'd been different with Bitreserve, they just launched their beta (got an invite myself and registered only recently, so you probably can, too).
The idea being that with Bitreserve their coin would be shielded from volatility. 
The whole internet/tablet stuff would still be an issue, but perhaps it could work by keeping the tablets with a trusted party like a local charity that has at least intermittent access to the internet, who could sort of act as the local bank. Might be too much trouble and against the nature of bitcoin, but gotto start somewhere I guess.
@_date: 2014-05-24 12:10:58
"Kraken CEO resigns from ripple board"
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:24:56
I didn't mention 10 minute confirmations at all?
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:15:23
Good point.
@_date: 2014-07-29 19:28:15
What's your monthly volume (throughput in fiat) look like?
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:19:50
and 30% of customers believe in UFOs but think tinfoil hats aren't fashionabe
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:19:10


They all know bitcoin because of Ben, and accept bitcoin through Coinbase which is an investment of the firm, not a coincidence!
It is pretty interesting he hangs out with rappers a lot though. That's not a coincidence either. Check out this post of his for a little backstory about his youth and why he's interested in rap:
Note that it's annotated using Rap Genius, another non-coincidence as it's another investment of his firm ;)


I've seen a few pieces of Ben talking about bitcoin and he didn't really seem to have a firm grasp on it, imo. I mean he nails the basic explanation here cause they've been investing into this for over a year now.
As opposed to say Marc Andreessen, Balaji Srinivasan or Chris Dixon, all working at Andreessen Horowitz. Every VC at the firm has some fields of expertise and I don't think this one is Ben's, but he'll know what to say when there's a basic question on it like in this video.
@_date: 2014-09-05 13:33:20
Life: nobody seems to care unless it's about something illegal.
That's just how the world works, it's not exclusive to bitcoin. Here in the Netherlands Charlie was reported on ('Bitcoin millionaire pleads guilty', in the title, and then later referred to as a current director at the bitcoin foundation.) but when Finney died, no reporting at all. 
But that doesn't say anything about bitcoin news, it's just news in general. 
That, and criminal things are the type of general topics that actually get covered. A newspaper or magazine doesn't normally cover technical topics. For example you won't hear anyone writing a news article on how HSBC's banking works from a technical point of view, but if they're charged with aiding money laundering and fined a few billion dollars, that's covered. 
And here's a last controversial bit: the media is WAY overhyping bitcoin. I love bitcoin, I own it, etc, but bitcoin has gotten gigantic news coverage for something that's barely used by 500k people on a daily basis. You'll be hard pressed to find something else with so few users that receives so much continuous media attention. While I'd love to see more media reporting on this, more understanding, more academic research, more funding etc, I don't think we can really complain. 
@_date: 2014-07-29 11:00:05
No crazy pills at all. I've been getting tired of Mike bashing for a long time, particularly by those that haven't done shit except buy, hold, and scream 'shill' everytime someone's interested in having a discussion.
In fact, what's ironic is this. Mike said a few weeks ago that protocol development has ground to a halt. Perhaps 1-3 people are working on it significantly on the entire planet. (let's not forget, this thing processes billions of dollars annually, with companies like Coinbase and Bitpay, both with $150m+ valuations, built entirely on top of it). The reason? Because noone dares to come near it due to the toxicity of this community. Every little proposal is met with doom and gloom and harsh words and accusations of shilling for the devil. It's why most core developers work more on the client than the protocol itself.
But hey, fuck it. Let's keep this place toxic and scare anyone into having any DISCUSSION. At the end of the day, Mike isn't making all kinds of commits that everyone disagrees with, he's talking, and you can talk back without being a toxic asshole.
Despite what people think, Mike has done a ton of awesome work. He's pioneered a bitcoin library called bitcoinj. That's used by blockchain.info, hive, android bitcoin wallet, circle etc etc. Hell if you just go to github you'll see little tidbits he wrote all over the place, open up bitaddress's source and you'll see them using scripts he wrote. He's done tons of talks and presentations. Most people have no clue how important he has been. No, he didn't invent bitcoin, but for anyone to say they're in the top 25 developers in the world, up til now for a very large part completely voluntarily, to the point that he quit his job at Google to go at this fulltime, deserves more respect. Half the people that shit all over him are clueless. The other half have reasonable disagreements, but haven't the respect to talk to him in any civilized manner. And then there's a number of people do who regardless if they agree or disagree. We need more of the last group.
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:26:02
I doubt we'll see pure bitcoin economies anytime soon. For example, just currency trading is about $4 trillion daily. Bitcoin's daily volume is about 50m, or 0.00005 trillion, or 0.00125% of forex trade. Bitcoin would have to scale by 80k just to cover daily currency trading. And that's just trade of currency, it's not actually e.g. interchange payments in stores (like a creditcard or cash transaction) or an international trade payment (for e.g. exports or imports) or anything else like stock markets, savings, mortgages etc.
So in short, I think bitcoin will live alongside other things for a looong time, and there'll always be a need for exchanges back and forth.
However I don't think exchanges will be used by customers like you and me. That was kind of a strange thing for years where we were supposed to use these platforms that professionals at banks normally use for trading. I think most people will buy bitcoin and sell bitcoin without knowing it, a bit like Circle or Coinbase. In the same way that if you put $30 of money on your Paypal and want to buy a €20 item from a European vendor, you just click 'buy' and Paypal will convert that for you at an internal or external exchange we don't even know exists. So I think at some point we'll literally see a digital wallet in your bank and you click 'buy' and 'pay with bitcoin', and it'll buy bitcoin and use it. And after a while, 'buy with bitcoin' won't even appear, it'll just happen, in the same way that your phone automatically switches to wifi at home and doesn't ask you 'send email over wifi or 3g', it's all automatic, whatever is cheaper/faster. But behind that there'll have to be exchanges for quite a long time, I think, and professional investors will buy bitcoin-shares in an ETF on the Nasdaq to speculate on the price behind the scenes and offer liquidity.
But of course, that's actually 'outside' the bitcoin ecosystem. Within bitcoin itself, only the miners make money for the utility they offer, that's been true from the start and it still is today. In a sense Bitpay isn't a bitcoin profit centre, it has nothing to do with the bitcoin protocol, bitcoin exists without it, separate from it. Bitpay is 'merely' a merchant-facing company that builds payment widgets and acts as a broker to sell bitcoins on behalf of the merchant, but it's outside of bitcoin's protocol.
I think we'll see fees for storage/insurance for sure. They'll be split in cold and hot wallets. The cold storage will be one of those 'get 2 opportunities a year to take it out and pay 0.05%' and it'll be for savings and all. And the hot wallet will come with 2FA and spending limits and say 0.5% a year insurance fees, but otherwise very easy and quick, up to say $1-10k. Paper wallets are fine but it's a bit like fixing your computer, 9/10 people get it fixed even though 30 minutes on google allows them to fix it themselves. It's just convenience. I doubt more than 10% of mainstream people will ever set up cold storage properly.
@_date: 2014-06-23 15:49:51
Google doesn't change shit. Bitcoin is a protocol, it's not some company thing. Google currency is no different from government currency. The whole point of bitcoin is not to have a party standing behind it. If google wants to open-source the development then it's not google, it's just bitcoin that happens to have google engineers working on it. (guess what, google engineers do work on it, only in their free time.)
As for a drop in the bucket. No, dropping a few hundred million isn't some joke to billion dollar companies. Nest was a company that had $300m of revenues and great growth rates, it could easily make $3b a year in a decade from now, that's why Google can spend that much on it. They can't drop half a billion just to attack the network for a few days and for bitcoin to continue right after. 
Especially not when it'd be an outrage and cause all kinds of legal problems (there are tons of things in the law against digital fraud, manipulation and damage. Bitcoin now has multiple $100m+ companies, multiple institutional funds worth $100m+, multiple billion-dollar VCs and VC funds backing it, politicians backing it, 100k merchants accepting it, millions using it. Google can't just decide to drop half a billion to damage all these parties and walk away as if they killed some orc characters in World of Warcraft, it's digital not virtual. There's legal consequences, no big publicly audited company would get into shit like that. 
And again, there's just no incentive. Even IF you could destroy bitcoin. Not only would that not at all A) guarantee you're the next winner in the currency space. B) get people to like you and specifically you (as opposed to the next cryptocurrency, or simply fiat money). 
But if you can grab 51% of the hashrate AND believe bitcoin is actually so successful that you'd be willing to spend a few hundred million on it, you'd be 100x more likely to keep the hashrate and build ontop of the bitcoin protocol.
The whole thing just doesn't add up. Yes, there are possible, hypothetical scenarios, just like the possibility that Google DoSs facebook servers, or that Google hacks Apple servers, or that Microsoft hires a private army to bomb the Apple headquarters. Just because on paper they have the money to do so, and just because they'd benefit from one less competitor, doesn't mean it's absolutely batshit crazy, and nobody has any reason to believe it'd happen.
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:29:39
Get back to me when you can find a source for where they give a date on inviting users.
They demo'd the product, said they'll do a limited release sometime soon and people can start signing up, nothing more nothing less. To call this total bullshit is ridiculous, they never announced a date, so they're not lying to people or missing deadlines. 
We should really be more patient and not call something total bs if it doesn't happen on our fucking schedule. Obviously they wanted to publicly demo at the biggest ever bitcoin conference, doesn't mean the product is coincidentally completely ready that very same day. It might take a few days or weeks until they actually send out invites, that's fine by me.
The thirst for $10 is high with this community. So, so thirsty...
@_date: 2014-05-09 10:22:41
You can pay with bitcoin.
And it's not some fucking elitist party. It's a professional conference. There's literally people attending who individually are worth $700m. There's multiple companies attending with $100m+ valuations, there's companies attending with more than $1b of annual revenue, there's two of the only 7 core developers attending of a digital currency worth $6b, there's billion dollar funds attending.
You think you can just buy a $10 ticket and sit front row? The people that attend these things are industry professionals and journalists. It's not some grassroots conference. There's limited capacity, a pricetag to the biggest bitcoin conference, and a certain audience.
For everyone else, everything is streamed live and recorded and then reported on concisely. It's not some private bilderberg conference, it's all public and free in digital form. But if you want to take up a seat at an industry conference, you pay the rates. And let me tell you, conference tickets generally start at $1k. Try going to SXSW on a €400 ticket.
@_date: 2014-03-19 19:19:31
As harmless as some of these jokes may be, answer this: is it worth it? Are these jokes so funny, so important to freedom of speech, that it's worth even the slightest risk?
I think we can all agree the answer is probably no. Another question, what if this was your sister or brother, parent or child... Would you be upset about his image being used in various comics, paper wallets, memes etc?
Let's just give it a rest. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:40:22
Hehe you won't need to call be a liar, but you might. The thing is, which is what Gavin says for example, is that there's a lot of cool things that nobody really cares about, or that are cool but don't need to be decentralized. For example, bitcoin can do proof of existance and timestamping. That's pretty cool, but guess what, nobody cares. 
I mean I've got $10k riding on bitcoin, love it and I've programmed sci-fi games a la Escape Velocity since I was a kid. I love 2.0 ideas, I love listening to Mike Hearn. But the point is, a lot of those things are very far from happening, and that's the context of why I mentioned it. The context was that you've got someone who thinks we can get 5b bitcoin users by 2020 and I mentioned that's pretty ridiculous, and partly that's because the 2.0 features someone brought up aren't going to happen anytime soon as cool as they may be. Whereas payments is already happening, but there's virtually no way for it to go from 5m users to 5b in 6 years. Contrast it with the Internet for example, 60% of the world population does *not* use the internet after 2 decades. But bitcoin will do more than 70% in 6 years? I'm a skeptic.
@_date: 2014-06-22 14:52:23
Obviously he wasn't banned... sigh. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:45:43
Absolutely, but that's due to speculation on its future utility, which for me is a lot more sensible than trading gold that has lost its unique element of scarcity (now that we can create digital scarcity) and is impractical as a payment system or settling system or anything other than a store of value, above and beyond its industrial value.
Bitcoin, if you look at the quantity theory of money, can actually have a utility value at $10k for example given it supports enough trade, so if its current utility is $250 and it trades at $500, thats something that doesn't concern me much.
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:52:59
It's already something that's reported afaik, double-spend attempts are pretty easy to detect. That's not really the issue. Say you order a couch on Overstock, the double spend is detected very quickly and within 10 minutes at most you get the first confirmation. That's still hours away from the couch being shipped, so if it's double-spent confirmed, the couch isn't shipped. And then that person and address is blacklisted because only the owner of the private key could create a 2nd double-spend tx and sign it with that key.
The 'issue' is that 15 seconds or 10 minutes is too slow for if you buy a Playstation 4 and walk out the door and hop into your car. But there's various ways to protect against this.
@_date: 2014-11-20 13:50:08
Thank you bud!
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:29:53
Sure but then people would make fewer transactions, and that would lead to fewer mining revenues for them which incentivises them to include transactions again. Remember there's competition even between just 10 pools, and many thousands of miners individually pressure their pools or change pools depending on which pool goes and grabs all the money by including transactions with fees.
It's a bit of game theory, really. If you could convince every miner not to break rank, you could hike up tx fees. But there'll always be one pool who says 'fuck that' and includes all the high-value transactions, and then the other miners see they missed out on money and start including transactions, too, and you'll get price competition again. And if not, that's a big incentive for new players to get in to the market, which of course, requires no license or permits, there's few barries to entry so we expect quite a bit of competition. 
Of course at the moment mining fees are insignificant (about 0.25% to 0.5% of the block rewards) but at some point this has to change. Once block rewards taper off it's important for there to be a marketplace for fees.
If miners are still not including transactions then people lose faith in bitcoin and leave. Block rewards drop in real value and miners change their minds. But knowing this, miners tend not to go that far in the first place.
Bitcoin is built on incentives and a market place for tx fees suits that very well.
@_date: 2014-05-20 22:43:02
I was wondering, how do payrolls ususally work at SMEs and large enterprises? Are there a number of very popular software solutions that you integrate with? (Like, if you integrate your bitcoin service into SAP, that you can roll it out very easily), or do companies have to completely change their payroll system to yours?
How is all this automated in general?
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:31:13
In a world without ASICs this would be cool.
But in a world with ASICs, it costs $100 to get the same mining power as 100k worth of laptops.
In other words, 25% of your GPU cycle for weeks would be worth a few cents, so the economic equivalent discount would only be a few cents.
@_date: 2014-05-23 00:51:19
It depends. A company like Apple doesn't get hit with a 50% crash because a country decides to ban it when it creates 100 thousand jobs in China, in the same way that it might clamp down on bitcoin.
But yes, you could compare it to a tiny startup doing an IPO in which 90% of investors are average citizens with no deep pockets and therefore only a little bit of tolerance for risk, and the startup being dependent on unreliable factors (Mt. Gox) that could completely scare off this group of investors. That's bitcoin. 
It's slowly changing as it becomes larger, as it becomes dependent on professional parties (e.g. Coinbase, Circle, Bitpay), as professional investors and institutional money flows in, as countries give regulatory clarity etc. Once all that happens to an extent, then it starts to make more sense to pull out the graphs and trends and quantitative analysis, because bitcoin can't as easily be rocked by something like Mt. Gox or China, and most of the price will be driven by all kinds of macro effects like actually displacing payments, remittance, store of value etc.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:46:25
I hear you, but what I'm saying is that unregulated does not mean lawless.
For example, an exchange can be unregulated in the sense that the exchange needs no license, needs no surety bond, needs no minimal capital for reserves, needs not have any AML policies.
But that does not mean it can take and steal funds. Just because there is no regulation of a free market, no intervention in the price mechanisms, doesn't mean there is no law or constitution that protects a person from theft or assault. These are two entirely different concepts.
This is elementaryschool type stuff. Don't understand why I still need to explain this.
(By the way, *I* was speaking about an unregulated, no controls market. The others were speaking about that, plus a completely lawness market where it's okay for a custodian to steal the money it holds in other people's names, supposedly because there is no regulation or control, which is ridiculous.)
If anyone doesn't understand (and it seems you do, but others not)
@_date: 2014-05-09 22:37:23
The only connection I can find that someone in his company did these things. Of course guilt by association doesn't exist, only in perception. That may be enough to say 'this guy shouldn't be on the board right now', as shitty as that is, purely due to PR issues, but that doesn't make him a bad guy at all or unfit for the job if he hadn't had this person in his company a long time ago.
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:23:30
This is great news. Credible insiders not just commenting on bitcoin, but essentially vouching for it by joining a bitcoin organisation and doing mainly PR, letting the core developers do their thing... It can't get much better.
At this point, Bitcoin is pretty mature and ready for the next step. There's a small but pretty solid ecosystem of bitcoin services like exchanges/payment processors/merchants. 
What we need now is good PR to convince mainstream, average joes, to give it a shot. We need banks to look at it favorably so that they allow their customers to buy bitcoin and partner with bitcoin companies. We need governments to look at it favorably to hold off unnecessary innovation-stifling regulation. All that requires PR at this point which is what they bring. This is a small step, to be frank, but a good one.
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:50:39
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:23:48
They're customer funds, it's illegal to sell them to pay creditors. Just like if you bring your car to a mechanic and it goes bankrupt, it's illegal for him to sell your car to pay his own debts.
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:23:04
Gotto say they do so much awesome stuff. Everytime you hear 'x should do y', you get a comment 'greenaddress.it is doing it' haha. 
I wish they'd get a bit of VC funding and hire a few engineers. I love them but it's just 1 guy running a service not used by 1m people, with no auditing, no VC vetting him, no oversight. He's doing amazing work and I applaud him, but it's hard to put money in a product of a 1-man team. If he's making shoes, or building websites or selling photography, it's all fine. But if he's building my bank acc where I hold all my life savings, I need more than just him. (that's personal).
I really love what he's doing though.
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:47:14
Just look at the hashing power of the bitcoin network (google bitcoin hashing power)
No amount of supercomputers can come near it.
Does it matter? Not really. It's a bit like saying all people playing Call of Duty on their Xbox in the world use more computing power than the top xyz of supercomputers. 
What it does indicate is that bitcoin mining is done on specialized chips, and that it's so big, that screwing with the network (a 51% attack for example) is prohibitively expensive. But it's better to express that argument in money terms (i.e., mining rewards are roughly equal to the cost of hashing power in the world, and you'd need half of the hashing power to do a 51% attack) than comparing it to a network of computers that isn't specialized to hash SHA256.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:03:11
Great post except it's 0.01 bitcoin. Does that change anything? If it does (like it does at almost every business ever) that is a huge difference and it means the post is pretty useless.
e.g. trying to do remittance for 0.01 bitcoin or 1 bitcoin is a world of difference and doing a 0.01 bitcoin transaction is completely useless in most cases.
I mean it seems mostly that the network fee causes a big difference, and of course if you pay 25c for bitcoin
transaction fees twice on a $3 tx that's not going to be representative of doing the same for $500. (just some imaginary numbers here).
In any case, I think clarification is in order from them :)
@_date: 2014-05-23 12:56:43


Absolutely. It's a bit of a paradox. On the one hand we can create digital scarcity by creating a limited blockchain. On the other hand, one can programatically create a hundred different blockchains with quadrillion slots in the ledger very easily. 
So it's a bit like being able to create unique sand out of thin air, and everyone agreeing that this sand is now scarce to us, even though we can create lots of other pockets of unique sand out of nothing. 
In that regard you're absolutely right, bitcoin is artificially scarce, and sort of, not really scarce. 
But whether that means anything is another question. At the end of the day, there's only 1 longest bitcoin blockchain and everyone has agreed to use that. There's a lot of 'lock-in', as once you have $100 of bitcoin, it makes sense to agree that bitcoin has value. So there's this incentive of consensus, really, that keeps everyone agreeing that the longest chain is the one.
Of course altcoins can appear, but it takes a lot more than a halfway decent marketing budget. Network effects play a big role here. What's the incentive for any company to use peercoin right now? They can use bitcoin instead, which has the most customers and the best services (e.g. payment processing). Bitcoin is miles ahead in this regard.
It's a bit like creating a new telephone network. If you make a better one and advertise it, nobody cares. You wouldn't get the phone because you couldn't call anyone. Even if there were 1 million phone users, chances are nobody you knew had a phone. So even though the technology is brilliant, there's no incentive for you to get the phone in the first place. You'd rather stick with the older system even if it's slower, more expensive, whatever. Of course, bitcoin suffers from these same network effects in that it's not easy to displace creditcards because they, too, have such strong network effects. Why get a bitcoin wallet, when I know nobody to send money to, but everyone I know has a bank account? That's a question that takes a lot of time and effort to answer satisfiably. 
But yes I do think BTC will be the crypto leader. It's hard to say of course, it may be the myspace that paves the way, dies for facebook to arise. But bitcoin didn't come out of the blue, it builds on 20 years of computer science innovations. And there were many digital currencies tried and failed before bitcoin. So I see things like e-gold and many others as the myspace, and bitcoin as the facebook. But it's impossible to say. But looking at how bitcoin is talked about, by VCs, by companies, by academics, by governments, by the media, it's the real deal, the big thing. 
A fun thing to look into is dvorak vs qwerty. The basic idea was, qwerty is a keyboard layout designed to prevent issues with typewriters. Dvorak was designed to be the most efficient and easy way to type, in that the letters were arranged as such that common words and common typing was made easier. Yet dvorak never displaced qwerty, everyone had gotten so used to it, and nobody would buy a dvorak keyboard. That may be the story of bitcoin. Right now it's the best cryptocurrency according to many (not all), but even if it's not, there are still powerful forces that keep it on top.
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:05:45
Hidden fees are fees, too.
So for example, I pay $40 yearly for my creditcard. If it gets lost, I pay $20 to replace it. If I pay with actual credit I pay 18% annually on it. And merchants are paying roughly 2-3% to receive a creditcard payment, and their only revenue is me, the customer, so I'm paying for that in the end. Merchants also pay various annual fees too. If you max out your card you pay $30 in fees or so, late payment fees are about $30, a balance transfer fee of 3%, exchange fees can be between 2%, and 7%, closure fees up to of $50, inactivity fees of $15 (yes), $25 a year for not having a balance on your card.
I mean I can go on, but costs are a lot lower for bitcoin. That's why if you use bitcoin with Gyft, you get a 2-3% discount on purchases at some of the biggest retailers in the world. You have no risk of identity theft. You can use it anywhere in the world and you don't even need a bank account (which has fees of its own). 
But I think more importantly, bitcoin will be used by people who don't know it. Bitcoin is digital, programmable money after all. So you can pay for a coffee by swiping your phone or your smartwatch. And then there's all these things like monetizing the web, doing microtransactions, or sending money to other countries which is either impossible or relatively expensive (e.g. remittance has a 7-9% average or so fee) to do right now. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 05:29:45
Just read the first three paragraphs. Even if everything is false, even if none of it is put into any context, just think what people think when they read this:


His election comes at a time of great turmoil in the world of crypto-currencies.




That's fucking bitcoin. And Pierce just added one more addition to every. single. article's. introduction. ever. 
'Bitcoin, whose foundation recently elected alleged pedophile Brock Pierce, associate of child-abuser Singer, is doing xyz'
Listen, if Pierce is innocent, I think it's really sad this haunts him. But face the facts, you can't do fucking PR or become a face of something with this stuff haunting you. You can start companies, do business, have a family and a great life, but you can't be a public face for something like bitcoin, especially not for something like bitcoin, not now. We need mother theresa at this point. And if he's not innocent then fuck him and it's obvious he hasn't a place on the board.
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:59:02
Good thoughts, thanks for sharing. 
One thing you have to keep in mind though is that the type of work you do (closer to consulting than number crunching) is not really what this article talks about. Given that &gt; 99.5% of businesses are SMEs that account for ~50% of turnover/employment in most OECD countries, quite a large chunk of these companies do not have any ERP systems in place and rather rely on a fragmented set of software solutions and quite a bit of manual work. 
Perhaps Bitcoin can provide a solution there. I'm quite skeptical though.
What the article seems to hint at is more of a notary function of Bitcoin, to prove certain transactions took place by dating them through the blockchain, which could absolutely happen. But it's not really at the core of accounting, making the title a bit hyperbolic.
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:26:06


No. Look up numbers before you talk. Worldwide it's about 70% android, 20% iOS. To call it the world's most used smartphone platform is very misleading.
@_date: 2014-04-13 02:49:06
Thanks for all your time propagating transactions up till now. 
Please look into wallets that don't require the entire blockchain.
Also be rest assured that developers are working on pruning, meaning some parts of the blockchain can be left out, making the blockchain smaller again.
Lastly, one of the key developments at the moment of the chief core developer of the main bitcoin software is splitting the wallet from the 'node' (mining, propagating transactions etc) as well as deterministic wallets making it easy to switch between wallets and easily take your coins to another wallet with a single line of text.
@_date: 2014-05-05 21:06:06
Hahahaha nooooooooo not glen beck, it's not readyyy!
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:43:28
Awesome guys. But have you reached out to Bitpay or Coinbase yet? They'll help you integrate whatever you need, perhaps even build a squarespace plugin, and they can help convince Squarespace, too. Give it a shot.
Love the effort guys!
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:54:46
God wants you to have an opportunity at buying cheap coins
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:03:45
If Bitstamp wanted it could move more money than the entire world economy just by moving its own 190k bitcoins to itself. But it's absolutely meaningless, isn't it? 
Without knowing how much of the volume can be attributed to sending bitcoins to yourself, there is no way to know how meaningful the daily volume amount actually is.
EDIT -- I went ahead and did some back of the envelope calculations. It looks like Coinometrics does take change into account. Bitcoin volume was actually about 1.3m in that day, while estimated volume minus change was about 0.4 million. At average prices, the 0.4 million would indicate the number on Coinometrics which exceeds Western Union by about 20%. Coinometrics doesn't mention this at all in their methods &amp; assumptions.
But that still leaves transactions to oneself. Arguably, apart from proof-of-funds and transactions to e.g. consolidate bitcoin at one location for administrative purposes, these shouldn't occur very often. So there's actually a good chance we did move more than Western Union, but we need better analytics to say for sure and by what margin.
Interesting note is that remittance and other international transactions Western Union is known for are typically not something done every day or every week. Because there are minimum fixed fees (e.g. $20 + x% per transaction), you would imagine transactions being pretty sizeable relative to everyday payments. Yet, bitcoin transaction amounts are actually much lower, leading one to conclude that the average bitcoin transaction is more than twice as large as the average WU transaction. A bit surprising, especially with all the small transactions, dust, tips, satoshidice type stuff lowering the average.
And again, that's partly because bitcoin is hooked up to payment processing companies that have internal ledgers. Most payment processors, exchanges, tip bots and gambling sites have some form of internal off-chain transactions. So while 'meaningful' (non-change, non-to-self) transactions may be lower than expected, the impact of bitcoin may actually be much larger due to bitcoin being able to be used in companies with off-chain transactions, too.
@_date: 2014-10-19 15:08:15
No, you stole.
When someone sets up a machine to give away 1 candy to 1 person, and you exploit it so that it looks like you're many persons, and take thousands of candy, robbing an honest entrepreneur of thousands of dollars without any return, you're a thieving asshole.
Sorry it's that simple. 
You can argue semantics here but it doesn't change the underlying truth.
If you slap me on the face and I take a gun and kill you, I can't call that 'self-defense'. That's obviously ridiculous.
When somebody creates a promotion allowing you to deposit some tiny amount of money, and they give you money to use their product, and you exploit it, never use the product and withdraw loads of money, you're a thief.
Even if you didn't think of yourself technically as a thief, I hope you at least see you're an asshole.


Anyway I'll leave it at that. I never like personal attacks on reddit especially not with strong language, but someone has to tell you **you swindled an honest entrepreneur out of a load of money** and it's not cool and it's not funny.
(PS if you had balls you'd contact the site owner and return any remaining money at the very least).
@_date: 2014-08-24 11:30:40
Coinbase is a 'universal' company. It's a wallet, it's a bitcoin brokerage/exchange and a merchant services company.
Circle, at the moment, is just the wallet and the brokerage/exchange (both are more brokerage than exchange) but they don't do merchant services.
So in terms of services so far, Coinbase is like Circle+Bitpay. (Bitpay is purely a merchant services company)
Alright then there's some smaller differences. 
Circle has free purchase and sale of bitcoin. Coinbase charges 1% for this. Beyond that, both are free to use. (e.g. deposit/withdrawal, spending bitcoin etc, that's free). Except for creditcard purchases, there you also pay the CC fee on Circle, but bank transfers are free, where Coinbase charges for the bank transfer + 1%.
Circle is also instant. With Coinbase you may need to wait some time, sometimes days, for a bank transfer to arrive. With Circle, you get your bitcoin instantly.
Everything is up to certain daily/monthly limits. e.g. you can't buy $1m bitcoin instantly for free on Circle right now for whatever crazy reason you'd want to, nor could you at Coinbase. There are limits and they differ a bit but not all that much.
Lastly, Circle is insured. There have been some question marks about their insurance that haven't been verified by Circle yet to my knowledge, so I'm a bit on the fence still. But they claim to offer full insurance, which also is free. Coinbase doesn't. However, they do actually insure some of their coin, and work on insuring more, at which point they'll announce it. (Not many people know this but Fred said so in a talk some time back.)
Then there's things like apps and APIs and history and scale and backing and employees etc etc. For example, Coinbase has a third-party app for your smartphone, Circle is purely something for your browser. Coinbase has a public API, Circle doesn't. Circle is in closed beta, Coinbase has been open to the public for quite a while and is an older company. Coinbase is ran by new young founders, Circle is ran by a Silicon Valley veteran who's built billion-dollar products and headed companies as CEO before. There's lots of those minor differences.
I'm very excited about both companies as they're mainstream-oriented companies, although I don't really use both much personally. They're quite similar, and I expect them to offer similar products for a long time in a different form. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:23:39
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:18:28
This is a great article but at the end of the day, two things are still true. 
One is that there was real demand in China that's being stifled by real restrictions. 
A lot of people think the sell-off is silly because they see Westerners sell bitcoin because China is out even though bitcoin can do without. But the reality is, a big chunk of the sell-off is simply due to Chinese daily demand being dampened and Chinese people selling off bitcoin while normal compensatory demand is being restricted.
Another fact is that China really is a huge deal. Check out this chart for example: 
Especially going forward to 2020 or 2025, it's hard to understate the effect China has when it starts criminalizing certain interactions with a product or service.
Nonetheless it's a great article and surely there's quite a scare that's completely unnecessary in the long-run, yet is driving down the price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-11 00:08:17
C-c-c-c-combo breakerrrr!
@_date: 2014-09-16 23:59:44
Thanks so much bud! :) Really appreciate it.
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:13:49
"Several other countries, including the European Union"
HAHAHAHAHA. I understand slip ups in an interview, but when writing a letter for your job as a US Senator, you really have to stay away from Sarah Palin-like stupidities like this to be taken seriously.
"In addition, its deflationary trends ensure that only speculators, such as so-called “Bitcoin miners,” will benefit from possessing the virtual currency."
The points about deflation are a joke. It would make holders of Bitcoin richer, not the other way around. It also appears all early Bitcoin adopters were in majority US-based who surely did not profit from a 75 thousand percent value increase?
It's a free market, I don't see how it's so hard for an ostensibly capitalist country to hate on it so much. Bitcoin democratises banking, it gives one liberation to use his or her funds that they earned however they want. Everyone can be a miner or their own bank. It's regulated at least as much as Cash, only it leaves a trail of every single transaction, publicly available. Anyone with the resources to do so can find out what is needed to fight crime and the Bitcoin community at large has welcomed law-abiding businesses and services. Crime is pretty minor as indicated by the tiny drop in volume/transactions/value after Silk Road was closed down. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 15:19:57
Coinbase probably knew close to exactly what Circle was building and when they were going public with 1-2 months of error. But yeah, interesting to wonder what'll they do.
There's a lot of things with Circle that are really impressive. Like instant creditcard deposits with no fees? I mean, they pretty much made a creditcard transaction cheaper than bitcoin and with no chargeback cost :P I can't imagine they're taking a freaking 3% loss on any deposit. That whole premise is pretty baffling, time will tell how they did all this and if they minimized fees or are just taking a huge loss, and how they'll monetize this once they built the platform with 10m or 100m+ users.
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:39:23
Freaking weird cause the wiki's history doesn't show any signs of edits to the example...
@_date: 2014-06-16 19:57:11
Dayum, Coinbase just did Dish, Reeds, Expedia and Digital River all in one freaking month. 
Another interestic characteristic: it does a ton of B2B. So there's an entire industry right now with companies that could pay for products in bitcoin, rather than there only being big consumer product companies.
@_date: 2014-07-31 10:13:55
Just wondering.... what's the average dollar value of bitcoin you buy a month.
And, what percentage of those are hold or spent? And what percentage is actually sold off e.g. at localbitcoins?
I'm not saying I agree with AML activities... but you live in a jurisdiction that has them. So unless you want to be openly civilly disobedient (and you could make that case), you're simply breaking the law if you were to buy and then sell significant volumes of money to potential money-launderers anonymously. After all, any criminal who stole cash or earned cash from illegal sales (of e.g. stolen goods or otherwise illegal goods), can now buy your bitcoin quite anonymously, mix it and then have untraceable, safe, stolen/illegal funds. That's kind of their fear. I'm not saying it's justified but that's the process.
So to that end, it makes sense to ask you these questions. Again, it doesn't matter whether you and I agree, it's the law. You can break it or fight it, but if you're simply looking to abide by it, then that's it. Anyone who didn't know Coinbase was checking these things is deluding themselves :p
I'm really curious about your answers though to the top questions.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:38:28
:D 
They've got some failsaves btw.


@_date: 2014-11-28 10:13:36
Congrats guys!
@_date: 2014-09-30 22:42:27
They've got Vimeo-on-demand where users can buy and rent the movie, similar to itunes really, watchable in the browser or on your phone/tablet.
And a tip jar, although I think they'll do bitcoin tipping, vimeo on demand and itunes solely. And they might embed the vimeo on the website and monetize that, but I doubt it.
Finally, they might release it for free, as they've already been partly funded, but I highly doubt it considering the release took so long, mostly a process of finding distribution partners, which mostly failed it seems. Would've been cool if they'd sold a license to e.g. air it as a documentary on the BBC, discovery channel and science for example. Ah well.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:16:39
This is bullshit. First take responsibility by doing the only thing you should do which is limit your fucking size, then start talks, not the other way around.
Imagine I had a key to your vault in which you hold all the money. Would you be comfortable if I say 'I'm not going to give you this key, but I'm willing to talk about stuff'? Would you be comfortable if at any time I could mess with your vault, corrupt transactions, double spend, take the vault hostage? 
You were the only party for years not to negotiate with anyone else, and now when you're the biggest threat to bitcoin at this particular moment, instead of doing the one thing you can do quickly, you forgo responsibility and suddenly want to talk.
@_date: 2014-10-20 13:54:39
That's great. Kraken is awesome.
@_date: 2014-06-12 21:05:31
weird is that deed
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:07:37
Same way as any other piece of information non-related to bitcoin. In the belly of a dragon, locked in a cage in the center of a sun in another solar system, perhaps?
In all seriousness, yeah, bitcoin is secured by private keys and that's just a piece of data. Encrypt it, write it down on paper that doesn't degrade, then put it in a locked safety deposit box in a vault with armed guards for $100 a year at a local bank, for example. That's quite safe.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:40:11
@_date: 2014-04-05 22:00:37
Absolutely, but rest assured, the core developers, the VCs putting $150m into bitcoin (with a run rate of $300m for 2014), the entrepreneurs at Coinbase or Bitpay or any other large enterprise, they're fully aware of a 7 tps cap and they're confident this can be overcome. Everyone knows 7 tps is a joke, just like when computers had 640kb of memory and the internet had speeds of 56kb/s, everyone knew this would radically change over time.
It'll definitely be interesting to see what happens. I think three things are pretty clear. One is that mining is increasingly shifting from individuals to professional parties that can handle larger blocks and a ballooning blockchain because they run professional equipment (and both network speed, storage and computing grows every year in size and drops in cost). I think we'll also see some pruning happen, i.e. large parts of the blockchain aren't really necessary most of the time. And lastly, we'll probably continue to see a lot of off-chain activity. e.g. exchange trading, Coinbase customers paying at Coinbase merchants, these things are almost entirely off-chain except the relatively infrequent withdrawl/deposits.
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:29:39
Interesting, a fiat business running on bitcoin. I like it. Not for me, probably won't ever use it, but cool stuff.
@_date: 2014-06-09 14:15:11
It's a bit like asking how many kg of gold does it require to mine 1 kg of gold. It depends on the mine, the local wages, the price of equipment, the price of the land etc.
In bitcoin it's a simpler equation. There's two costs, 1 is the mining hardware. These are specialized chips that run 1 algorithm very efficiently called SHA-256, which is a hashing algorithm. This hardware varies in price.
For example, bit outdated info here: 
The second is electricity costs per watt hour.
Then there's a small mining fee if you use pool-software, like 0-3%.
Some of these setups aren't profitable (expensive hardware in a place where electricity is expensive, using a pool with high fees). Some of these setups are profitable (the opposite). 
There's no 1 price. But it's a free market, so over time it will grow closer and closer to slightly above 1 bitcoin in costs to mine 1 bitcoin, in theory.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:31:39
Well a bit of data just means it's either 0 or 1 right, you flip a coin it's heads or tails.
So if you flip 2 coins, you get 2 bits of data, so that means you get can flip 00 or 11 or 01 or 10 where 0 is heads, and 1 is tails. That's already 4 values or sequences rather as you say.
3 bits can have these sequences: 000, 111, 011, 001, 110, 100, 101, 010. That's 8 in total.
You can easily calculate this by just doing 2 (either heads, or tails) to the power of the amount of digits. 
So 2^1 for 1 coin flip = 2. 
2^2 for 2 coin flips = 4.
2^3 for 3 coin flips = 8.
2^10 for 10 coin flips = 1024
Now, let's make this universal. You don't have to do coin flips. 10 bits of entropy just means 10 coin flips, which can have 1024 sequences. So 10 bits of entropy produces 1024 different possible sequences, and if those 10 bits were truly randomly chosen, then you have 1 random sequence out of 1024 possible sequences.
Now let's look at dice. If you throw a die, you get 6 different values. So throw 1 die, and you get 6 possible sequences. 1,2,3,4,5 or 6.
If you throw 2 dice, you get 6^2. Again, the first number for the amount of different values per throw (2 for a coin, 6 for a die) to the power the number of throws. 
So throw 3 dice, that's 6^3 = 216 possible sequences. Now 6^4 is already 1296 different sequences. So 10 coins flipped creates about as many sequences as throwing 4 dice.
Now a 256 bit number is just the amount of possible sequences of flipping a coin 256 times. 
And if you roll 99 dice, you get this many possible sequences 1.0888643725001181768278171119301e+77
If you use log2(that number) so log2(1.0888643725001181768278171119301e+77) then you get 255.9, so rounded up is 256.
log2 actually tells you how many bits of data this number is. So e.g. log2(8) tells you how many bits of data you need to represent the number 8 in binary form. That's 3 (3 coin flips, we covered it earlier).
So yes, log2(6^99) is roughly 256 (bits). So rolling a dice 99 times creates roughly as many possible sequences, as much entropy, as flipping 256 coins.
Now 256 bit numbers are EXTREMELY secure. In fact, nobody has ever cracked a 100 bit number. And let's be clear, a 101 bit number is TWICE as secure as a 100 bit number. A 120 bit number is one million times more secure than a 100 bit number. i.e. it literally takes 1 million times longer to break a 120 bit number than a 100 bit number. So if nobody ever So you can imagine how much more secure a 256 bit number is compared to a 120 bit number.
For context, in 2011 it was estimated breaking a 72 bit number would take 120 years. Which means breaking a 100 bit number would take 32 billion years.
Which means that when you hear someone say '60 rolls is enough', for security it is. It won't produce a 256 bit number, but it's more than secure. Again, 60 dice rolls is log2(6^60) = 155 bits of entropy. Remember breaking a 100 bit number in 2011 would take about 32 billion years. And a 120 bit number takes 1 million times longer to break than a 100 bit number. And 60 dice rolls produces a 155 bit number, more than secure enough :)
As for a 10 sided die, that's log2(10^77) = roughly 256 bits, too, yes.
As for diceware, it uses a list of 7776 english words. So for every word you create (by rolling a die 6 faced die 5 times creating one of 6^5 = 7776 possible sequences, which is then associated with one of the 7776 english words in their list) you essentially have 7776 sequences. That's log2(7776) 12.9 bits of entropy per word. So using 10 words means you have roughly 130 bits of entropy, also more than enough for an extremely secure passphrase, but not the same as a 256 bit number, no.
Hope that helps.
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:08:03
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:33:00
How are they their assets? When you press the button to buy bitcoin, you sign a contract and make a transaction with *your* money. The fact that they have a database with your private keys doesn't give them ownership of these keys. In the same way if you gave someone your password, that doesn't transfer ownership of your bank account funds to them,
And actually, if you deposit money at a bank, they're not your assets, you're a creditor. Banks have this unique position in most jurisdictions.
@_date: 2014-08-09 17:12:41
*testing* 1, 2, 3...
I just sent you a tip of 1 USD using [BitTip!](
Nice! Seems to work well, I really like the form factor :)
It'd be great if BitTip / Coinbase could be modified to send a limited payment request. When I authorized BitTip it was for an unlimited amount. If the amount I set on Reddit could be passed, and only a 1-time authorization could be made for this particular amount, that'd make me feel a lot more comfortable in the future! :)
Or Coinbase should indeed just start to allow compartmentalization of the main wallet, allowing me to authorize access to a $10 dedicated tipping fund that keeps the rest of my funds safe. They've already built the basics pretty much.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:16:29
Sounds pretty strange to me, tbh, I'd love to look at the case. Either the  appliances were already sold, and not Kleenmaid's to sell again to another party to pay creditors, or the deposits that were not yet used to make the purchase, at which point Kleenmaids would've been allowed to start using the funds for operating expenses, as they hadn't been used for the purchase yet. (with the purchase not being an exchange of money for appliance, but an exchange of money for the obligation to deliver an appliance, which de facto and supposedly de jure makes this appliance the property of the customer, at which point kleenmaids had no right to withhold it and sell it to someone else).
As with Mt. Gox, there's been a loooot of misrepresented media. (e.g. the notion the majority of bitcoins were stolen, private keys were lost or defrauded by M.K, is entirely unknown but media have repeatedly stated one or the other as fact, rather than speculation) so I'd prefer to see the case than the hearsay (from media), with all due respect to you. I'd honestly be surprised if customers paid for a product that was then produced and sitting in a warehouse, but then was sold to another person to pay some creditors.
The bank is a good question, but it's unique in that it runs on fractional reserves. In other words, if you have $100 at your bank, it's likely the bank only has $10 and lent out the rest. If it goes bankrupt, it'd only repay $10. It couldn't use those customer funds to pay creditors though. And the remainder is normally insured by the government, in most countries up to 100kish (e.g. here upto 100k euro, which is $135k), to prevent people from run on the banks.
@_date: 2014-08-01 23:07:10


Well that's interesting. 
Does anyone have any source or context? Obviously this is also posted by reddit ( but I've not heard of any reddit staff interested in cryptocurrency before. In fact, I considered it may not be a big priority considering bitcoin is so harshly treated in many subreddits, that is, quietly censored without any discussion or any staff urging to keep discussions open, for example.
@_date: 2014-10-29 13:07:47
Fair enough. Although, I think if you want a decentralized future, we had better build the ecosystem to support it. I'm just not sure if something like Openbazaar will ever take off in any significant way without companies like Coinbase or just about every exchange out there where you can even obtain bitcoin.
Whereas if we support such businesses and build an ecosystem used by hundreds of millions of people and you can obtain bitcoin from your employer, friends or family or most strangers, it'll be trivially easy to move to more decentralized products and services.
Not trying to make any moral argument here and I'm not telling anyone what to dy. My point is merely one of pragmatism that might be a useful consideration for some.
@_date: 2014-06-20 23:25:52
Sure but that's really hard. You're talking machine intelligence to do a hiring process, an evaluation, a verification of work done, pricing etc. That's simply not something I'm expecting to happen in 5 years on a scale where it's so cheap to get software to such an intelligent level that it's profitable to put it into something as small as an autonomous printer service.
Amazon's mechanical turk is very interesting in creating a flexible workforce to do a very diverse range of jobs and do everything from hiring to assurance to quality control to payments etc, but it's also quite limited at the moment to things like letting humans spell check documents or pick the best 10 photos out of a list of 1.000 photos that were shot by a computer for example. Going to be interesting to see that develop.
@_date: 2014-07-10 10:22:54
Could you please be more specific? 
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:36:45
Again, with a +1m burnrate per year, they won't be around on the next hype cycle if they don't balance their cashflows a little bit. It's really not much more complex than that. Again, they appear to be grossly unprofitable, how can one blame them? It's like asking your supermarket to sell you food at half their cost-price. Yes, they're VC funded and can take a small hit, but nothing insane. And my earlier calculation didn't even consider the fact that their $350k fees were at max-fees, as volume goes up fees goes down, I doubt they were making more than $200k a year with a team of 10.
As for your actual prediction, I doubt we'll see customers running from Kraken en masse. Again, they're not in the US, they've been a 50% marketshare leader in Europe pretty much since they launched. They're in a position where they can compete. ESPECIALLY because other exchanges don't actually offer awesome fees. 
Bitstamp, arguably the world's most important bitcoin exchange right now, STARTS at 0.5%. You have to trade $25k on Bitstamp before you get to Kraken's 0.35% STARTING fees.
So the scenario that they can simply survive unprofitable until the next cycle with $200k a year with a team of 10, or that they're now noncompetitive compared to other exchanges and will lose all their customers, is not grounded in fact.
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:36:44
Thanks :p
@_date: 2014-07-06 12:03:54
I tried logging in with my hive wallet mnemonic passphrase, but the login failed at the point of entering the pin.
I think they don use bip38 but bip32/39, and bip70 for the os x wallet. I was wondering if you could shed some (ELI5) light on all these proposals, why different ones are used, how they are (in) compatible with eachother etc. Thanks!
Oh and, REALLY sweet to see ios 6 :D I'm still on an iphone 4 and ios 7 would kill it (like it did my girlfriend's phone which is sloooow). Great to see some low-end support in the form of a native app :D
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:52:02
No. A public key comes from a private key, and a private key is any 256 bit number. So this post I'm writing now could become a private key if I wanted to. But you can also turn the bible into a private key (that's not very secure of course as anyone can recreate the same private key). That's not linked to your IP at all.
BUT, when you send bitcoin you essentially broadcast a transaction from your computer, or you instruct someone to make a transaction. That involves a network and so an IP is linked to that because that's how internet networks work. But if you wanted you could also send a pigeon to deliver a bitcoin transaction to every node in the network, if you really wanted haha. 
Anyway bitcoin isn't 100% private, far from it, it's not anonymous, but it does give loads of privacy. After cash, it's the most private way to spend money. And it only gets more private over time, as people build mixing functions, which is basically a way to make it hard to track a payment to the source.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:14:39
I didn't. My point was, I love what they're doing and support it, but let's not fool ourselves and call it altruistic because it isn't. They do this for their own benefit and it happens to fortunately be an awesome move that benefits all.
You then made a semantic argument that it IS indeed altruistic, that's your entire point, and I then showed why it's not. Second you said it was a public good and therefore altruistic, and that's wrong, too, and I gave multiple examples of selfish moves that create public goods. I addressed your point very clearly and didn't miss it at all did I? But perhaps you missed my point. I'm not arguing against BitPay, I think they're great and am considering working for them, but let's not fool ourselves and think this is a charitable move.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:38:49
Quoting here:


The community there is growing rapidly, and things are looking really good. We've been using it for several weeks and think it's one of the best tipping solutions out there. We talked with the devs of ChangeTip, and they saw bitcointip as an inspiration... and when we checked them out we saw how they've built a service that goes far beyond what bitcointip can offer. Bitcointip has had a good run with over $120,000 worth of bitcoin tipped over the last year and a half, and was the best option at the time. But I think it would be a disservice to bitcoin and bitcointip users to try to keep the old bot afloat in the midst of a simpler, cheaper, and more secure solution. So I'm shutting bitcointip down and hope everyone will give ChangeTip a try. They look like they're doing things right and I trust them morally and technically with my bitcointip balance. And they definitely listen to your feedback, so if you have any, check out &gt; So in summary, don't be sad that bitcointip is closing. Don't think of this as an end, think of it as an upgrade. Faster response times, cheaper fees, multiple site support, and lower minimums means we can go out there and tip even more than before! Spread bitcoin wherever we can. Not just on reddit but all over the internet! And we encourage you to join us. Whether it be with ChangeTip and bitcoin, litetip of litecoin, wow_doge_tip of dogecoin, altcointip, or anything else. Help us spread Cryptocurrencies and make people happy. That's all we ever really wanted, and bitcointip has made more of an impact than I ever thought possible when I first started it.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:24:40
Dad, is that you?
Haha, happy birthday to you and him.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:04:09
Is this news? I mean... isn't that... like... the freaking blockchain? You can check an address and see if it has bitcoin without owning its private key, whoopdiedoo? Existed for years?
I feel like I'm missing something. I mean, nice addition, but unless I'm missing something blatantly, this isn't news or has to be posted, no?
@_date: 2014-10-01 22:10:50
Round up some moderators to do the escrow and let's have a bet if you want. I'll gladly put up $100 to bet MIT will happen. You seem quite sure, easy money, right?
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:57:47
Nope, unfortunately not (that I'm aware of)




@_date: 2014-03-08 12:36:32
What I like about macbooks is actually the battery time, its one of the industry bests at that level of performance. It is also very slick, thin and light. Thats about it for me. I hate os x so thats a wrap lol. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 20:48:26
No, it's simply not altruistic.
For example, the idea of capitalism benefiting everyone comes from a system in which resources are best allocated when everyone acts in their own self-interest. That is NOT an example of altruism or an altruistic system even though it benefits everyone.
Just because something benefits someone else doesn't mean its altruism. When you put other gains above those of your own, that's altruism. But as I explained in my last post, growing the bitcoin ecosystem in which they take a modest share helps them FAR more than building BitPay and taking a huge share of a tiny ecosystem. In other words, branding this bowl as bitcoin or funding Jeff Garzik benefits them much more than if they branded the bowl as BitPay and hired a software engineer for BitPay instead of Jeff.
In other words, it's not altruistic even though it benefits others. Sometimes providing a public good is better for business.
For example, if you have a store and you install and pay for street lighting so that people can safely shop at your store in the evening, then the street lighting is a public good, everyone benefits from this safety and utility, but it's very much a selfish business-oriented decision, not an altruistic one.
If a city's port where ships come to offload goods (and pay a small tax for using the harbor) builds a lighthouse then all ships benefit and can dock more safely. They benefit without paying for the lighthouse, it's now a public good. Yet, the city's port manager built it so that more ships continue to offload goods there, on which he profits. He built it not out of altruism, yet the light from the lighthouse is now a public good that everyone benefits from, from which nobody can be excluded.
Don't assume public good means altruism.
@_date: 2014-03-13 18:01:41
Sweet. Great news. Any ETA? (stressing the E).
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:15:58
Bitcoin isn't just promising. Anyone or anything can be promising. Bernie Madoff was the epitome of promising.
What bitcoin has however are good fundamentals. And nobody could say now or back then that Pets.com had good fundamentals. It was a very flawed company. Read about its history. It was losing money from day one, spending 15x its revenues on marketing, lost money on every sale, never did any market research. Pets.com was promising in the way Neo &amp; Bee was promising. It can't be compared to bitcoin at all. I've got all kinds of concerns and questionmarks with bitcoin, but a comparison to Pets.com is pretty far off.
@_date: 2014-07-14 15:37:04
A lot. But it shows a trend. 
So if say 50% of all wallets are empty, that means that if Coinbase went from 1m to 2m wallets, that still means they doubled the amount of actual users (e.g. 0.5m to 1m).
So it's definitely comforting to see various companies do 10% month-over-month growth.
@_date: 2014-10-22 21:44:15
Personally I feel it's way too early for these type of products (expensive, dedicated hardware for uncommon tasks)
We've got the Trezor, it's small, mobile, easy to use, has a screen. And it costs about as much as BitStash offers as a discount for pre-orders! ($100 discount). Competition is always good, but I don't see how a more expensive device without a screen that's not very mobile helps. 
The USB they offer is just for cold storage, not actual signing or broadcasting transactions. Doesn't seem to me we had to reinvent the USB for that. A smart software solution that allows quick n easy bitcoin storage on any USB seems like a better idea. I think to get me to move away from a paper wallet and USB storage, you need something a lot nicer. A trezor is that. Another USB device isn't. 
As for the desktop device, firstly it's not mobile (whereas the trezor is), otherwise nice but as I mentioned earlier, too early. 99% of people, I feel, use bitcoin at most once a week to order something online, and they can easily use a desktop or mobile wallet for that instead. To buy an entire desktop accessory for something like that, is like buying a $200 pizza holder that clamps on your desktop, when you have cheap plates as an alternative. The cheapest without discount is $250, the most expensive $600 which ships next year November. Can't see why it's more enticing than the Trezor.
In short, not very excited and a bit skeptical about the whole ordeal. Definitely a wait-and see for me. Would at least want to see a product demo, just a video of how to use it, but I guess they need funding for that, first.
@_date: 2014-12-06 02:50:22


Bitpay is a 0% fee payment processor that sends dollars to your account the same day.


From another post I wrote:






A business that sells flowers is not supposed to pocket extra money by charging you fees to pay with dollars, card, bitcoin or whatever. He's supposed to make money on flowers. Payment processing should be priced at what it costs, it shouldn't be a source of extra profit. And seeing as there are very professional companies like Bitpay that offer 0% fee payment processing, there's no excuse to charge 10% in fees. That's just ridiculous. 
The point is not that they're a charity and should lose money because they don't charge for their expensive payment processing. The point is payment processing is cheap, hell it's even free, and they charge you a ridiculous 10% for it which is obviously not a cost to them, it's just extra profit under the guise of fees. It's dishonest. It's like if I told my employer pay me 10% extra, cause it's really expensive to receive money in my bank account, even though you send money and you pay for the transaction. With bitcoin more so, as there are free payment processors, and the customer already paid the transaction fees in the first place. It's just bs.
@_date: 2014-08-02 17:42:02
Oh, for sure, this particular analysis was silly. You can't divide payments processed by the amount of tokens and get the price of the token, that's silly, especially disregarding basics like velocity of money. 
But there are other forms of analysis that also come up with huge numbers like $100k or even $1m that make a lot more sense. And I was alluding to the notion that, despite these analyses making sense in a context of speculation on uncertain factors (in particular, adoption), they can still be useful to provide an investment decision. Many of these threads get the usual shit too, like Xapo's CEO saying '1m a coin is possible' but they're actually not all that bad half of the time.
But no I'm not arguing for the OP here. This was a crap piece.
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:15:47
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:17:53
Niiiiiice. Seeing large mainstream-oriented companies adhere to some of the core principles of bitcoin is very encouraging. 
There's always been this huge divide between Coinbase type companies, and running your own bitcoin wallet (or even wallet+node). I'm glad this gap is becoming smaller, as we can't fundamentally change the way we think about finance when mainstream-oriented companies don't allow things like holding autonomy over your own private keys. Coinbase just took a big step towards making that happen, kudos.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:29:39
Looks sweet.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:51:13
What do you mean? The one-way ATMs accept money and output coin to your wallet. And the two-way ATMs can do both ways. So all ATMs handle cash, and some ATMs both take and give cash.
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:41:59
Whoever is hosting this better mention this shit.
The interesting bit? ALL prices are like this, but normally businesses will just state 1 total price, not price + payment fee. The amount of unnecessary interchange fees we pay as a society is crazy, an unnecessary tax on every transaction.
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:32:06
I posted there, too.
@_date: 2014-11-30 17:53:53
Triple growth in what? And why?
I can't consider a statement that has absolutely no semantic meaning.
Can anyone find the radio interview?
@_date: 2014-12-30 15:59:52
True, but the cost of financial services is a lot more expensive for the poor, too. So financing the cost of say Coinapult locks or Bitreserve would actually save them money.
I urge anyone to check out this small documentary: 
I'm not sure if bitcoin is a great solution here. Definitely not anytime soon. But generally the issue is that a lot of our economy is non-cash anymore. (paying rent, utilities, insurance, education. I never use cash for about 98% of my payments). And cash payments in such an economy is really expensive. Not because they charge you, but because you have to e.g. drive to the insurance company and do a cash delivery. Or you have to drive to an office that takes your cash, then sends the payment normally for your utilities, rent etc. That driving costs time and money, and that office will charge you quite a shitty rate. Or when people get paid with a check, but can't cash it at their bank, only at some office that takes a shitty rate, too.
Bitcoin doesn't really solve this unless all these companies take bitcoin and unless the jobs they have pay bitcoin.
The best case scenario is using something like bill pay (e.g. bylls.com) to pay companies in bitcoin who don't take it, and combine it with the emergence of local stores like 7/11s which sell bitcoin (the whole Bitinstant idea that various companies are launching right now) to buy bitcoin, in combination with Bitreserve. That could work.
In other words, this is something that's fixed if everyone is using bitcoin. But in a partial-bitcoin economy, there are no easy and quick solutions. In theory though it would get better every year as the bitcoin economy grows.
@_date: 2014-06-25 23:24:27
Fun fact, when the telephone first came around, apparently people first thought to use it for telegraph operators to phone each other to allow them to telegraph faster. It wasn't imagined individual people could actually use it to peer-to-peer just call each other directly.
@_date: 2014-05-17 09:09:40
Why would the price of bitcoin go up if miner rewards go down? 
I think it's more likely some miners will walk away for whom it's become too expensive to mine, while total tx fees will slowly creep up to try and fill the gap and let miners come back.
@_date: 2014-06-29 19:07:14
It's beyond me. Most people who are extremely anti-Circle act as if Circle was a government handout program that they feel entitled to. Everyone's saying Circle is being hyped so much, that they promised so much, and that the launch was sub-par.
Facts are that Circle never launched, they've merely done a small closed testing period for which people could request an invite. That's it, a mailing database is what they launched. They've never claimed otherwise. As for the hype, Circle is notorious for developing for months and months without saying anything at all. They've talked a few times on bitcoin without mentioning the company much if at all, but of course they get questions and then you get answers like 'we can't say much, we're a consumer finance company though'. So much for hype.
The interesting thing about Circle, which may be what is confusing so many people, is that the team and product seems to be so promising, that VCs invested $25m into it without a MVP (min. viable product), without any cashflows and potentially without even a prototype. In fact Circle said that the last money they raised they didn't even need, but there was so much interest they decided to take it as it'd help solidify the balance sheet on a medium-term. 
This is opposite to e.g. Bitpay who launched with two people pretty much on day 1, put a product out there, then built it out, pitched and raised about $600k. They then iterated on that for 2 years and only then they raised $2m and later $30m. 
Why is this interesting? Because the investors who put money in Circle knew that Circle had no cashflow, no product, no prototype. Yet they invested. For one, that's a sign of confidence. Secondly, it means that Circle doesn't NEED to launch tomorrow or last month. They've got money to build a solid team, a solid product, for 2 years if they want, without burning even 25% of their money. That's why we don't see them launch early, and quite often that works out for the best. Especially for a product that's so fragile. (bitcoin security is always tricky, especially when you allow instant withdrawal/deposit and take both chargeback risk and require zero fees)
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:43:28
Read my last sentence mate.
@_date: 2014-09-13 23:33:01
Nobody's refuting that the price can move with just a change of perception and minor change in trading behavior, I'm refuting that the perception of an ETF alone will do a 20x price increase the moment it starts trading. It's like saying we could technically put a sail on a tanker it'll move. Yes, but it's not going to let you cross the Atlantic within a year. I
Point is, it's not going to bring about a 20x price increase that's so large that it even overcomes the obvious selling pressure when people who put $10k in bitcoin suddenly have a quarter million dollars want to make a partial exit. 
I'll happily eat my hat if an ETF launches within 6 months and the price jumps to at least 10k even for a week.
Feel free to substantiate why the price would go to $10k the moment trading at an ETF happens, I just don't see it happening (and I'm very optimistic about bitcoin).
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:32:24
Yup, this is why Mt. Gox had a price premium for months and months because it was the safest most sophisticated exchange.
Oh wait... 
Really though, 2% isn't too crazy especially if there's a lot of volume suddenly on one platform (e.g. an individual doing a big buy-in or sell-off), it takes a while for arbitrage bots to balance it out.
@_date: 2014-05-19 22:03:12
The quick math goes like this: if a bitcoin is worth $1m dollars, then it's as divisible as the dollar, today. As in, the smallest unit of bitcoin (a satoshi) would be worth as much as the smallest unit of a dollar (a cent) in real terms.
Now bitcoin going to $1m is pretty unlikely to happen anytime soon. If it does happen I think we're talking about a 20-30 year timeframe. And given today's purchasing power of pennies and how little they're used (Europe banned pennies for example, as they're so useless), I don't think divisibility is an issue anytime soon. 
@_date: 2014-12-27 09:37:41
This is all very consciously decided, for anyone who is wondering:


@_date: 2014-04-04 16:41:38
Indeed. I think as consumers we really ought to start looking to VC funded companies. I know I know, VC backed businesses don't always work out, actually they rarely do, but usually they don't work out because they tried something bold but the timing or market wasn't there, not because of fraud or scams. 
I'll say one thing, the prospectus Neo &amp; Bee had... I don't think it'd fly with any VC firm. It was real shit. I read it a month ago and asked around and nobody could answer what their real business model was going to be. If you read their prospectus, they have 3 scenarios, each with an appreciating bitcoin. The 'worst' scenario is if bitcoin appreciates by 'only 12%' in 2014, and under that scenario they'd lose 0.5 million between Feb and August. These are their predictions in their business plan. Of course, bitcoin could drop in the short-term, and it did, by almost 60%. Obviously a business based on an appreciating bitcoin is not a business, it's an investment, only this one had huge overhead and returned less money than the underlying asset it was based on. It was a ridiculous business plan and a ridiculous revenue model. Again, any serious investor would laugh at it.
I think as consumers and small-time investors we really have to take these things more seriously. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 13:49:26
Allergic to repetitions. Watch the video and tell me he didn't repeat most things five times. I'm not bashing the knowledge or his video, but he always does this and it gets boring when he spends 20 minutes explaining something he already did or could in five.
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:16:18
Just consider how many scams would happen if you could chargeback a bitcoin transaction. I hope that's enough to end the conversation right then and there.
No system is perfect, but I'd choose a push tx system without chargebacks over any other system every single time.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:11:18
I wasn't actually saying anything about your analogy as to how bitcoin relates to price. I'm simply stating that bitcoin doesn't have 21 million units, it has 2100 trillion units. The fact that there is such a thing as 1 bitcoin is arbitrary, it'd work just as well if there was only 1 bitcoin in the whole world, but you'd be able to use fractions of bitcoin and there'd be 2100 trillion fractions.
As for your analogy of price, it's unrelated to units vs users. Deflation is a phenomenon that happens over time. In other words, if there were 1m users or 1 billion users, it doesn't change the deflationary characteristic (one that makes prices denominated in bitcoin drop). Without any other forces, the theoretical equilibrium price would be the actual price and bitcoin would neither cause prices to inflate or deflate. Only supply and demand does that. So even if there were only 1m people on this planet, if that population was growing and demand would grow too faster than bitcoin's supply, bitcoin would be deflationary. But, if in a hypothetical situation, global production halves due to e.g. oil running out manufacturers could produce and self half as many products, prices would immediately go up and there would be huge bitcoin inflation, regardless of whether the world population was 7m or 7b people. In other words, only the direction of price as defined by supply and demand causes deflation or inflation, not the magnitude of a certain amount of units.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:51:41
This was a sane reply to Mt. Gox stating it has &gt;98% of coins in cold storage. But it's likely that what Mt. Gox considers cold was really hot. There's no amount of transaction fees that can save you from your cold storage being hot.
@_date: 2014-05-16 12:52:59
Yup, sort of. But it doesn't really have to be bad.
For example, a lot of artists give away their music and albums for free. You listen to it and become a fan. They then make money because they're popular and get asked for commercials on TV, and make money from concerts people are willing to pay for because they fell in love with their music.
I personally don't mind this. Even with facebook where they make money on your information allowing them to serve you targetted ads. I'd rather have that than freaking untargetted ads haha. And any information I place there is completely optional. As long as companies are transparent about this, it's all good for me.
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:32:53
It's just as bad. But it's a lot harder to convince many people to become corrupt in a radically transparent system. i.e. double-spends and 51% attacks are pretty much noticeable instantly when they happen. The price will instantly drop and the majority mining power you invested in quickly drops in value as your bitcoin rewards drop in value. That's the general idea.
@_date: 2014-05-08 22:53:28
A company doesn't raise money to spend it on a a new car. For a software company it's generally spent on developers. They build better products allowing merchants to easily integrate bitcoin into their existing payment systems for example.
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:05:19
I wonder how long this will sustain itself with the ability for Chinese to actually buy bitcoin eroding very quickly. China is really clamping down now, also on third party deposits at Chinese exchanges to the point that literally mailing the exchange envelopes of cash is the only way to obtain bitcoin which for obvious reasons won't be nearly as popular as wiring some money.
@_date: 2014-04-16 10:20:52
Mmm not sure. Young adult in his twenties here. There's plenty of modern ways to trade these days, with apps on your phone or tablet. And things like gold have, for a long time, mostly been traded as IOUs or futures, not actual gold. It's trivially easy to set up an account and buy some shares in a gold ETF on your phone, financially it's all the same as having bought the gold physically.
There also seems to be a reaffirmation that in modern times, gold is safe. There's a decently sized community of young people (that are interested in finance that is) who grew up in the financial crisis and were exposed to literature chronicling the creation of money including things like Bretton Woods and grew up understanding gold's value.
As for trust, for me it always appeared the opposite. Young people barely speak out about growing up with student debt (owing others for decades), about having their lives available at online social networks, about the NSA or about the fact they're trackable by their phone's 3g they carry with them everywhere etc. It seems young people are far more comfortable with third parties having information on them.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:02:22
I heard if the USER's password is hacked/stolen/guessed, there is no insurance for this, and that the password is a 4-digit code. This is pretty ridiculous if true. Can anyone confirm? Because if so, it means you're much better off self-storing with e.g. cold storage and encrypting your private keys and storing those safely (multisig'd if necessary). If it's not true though, it means people can withdraw bitcoin then claim theft and be insured. I don't see this working unless they remove the users' ability to withdraw funds except with really solid proof that it's you. (e.g. visiting one of their partner banks with your ID, shit like that). Definitely not a great or elegant solution. Happy to hear more, please throw info at me if you have it!
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:58:14
I wouldn't bother. I never mined and I've used and owned bitcoin for about a year. The days of easy mining are years ago. Today you need to spend at least $1k or a few thousand bucks, on a very risky purchase from historically unreliable suppliers, or spend millions producing your own equipment. It's something that you don't do in your spare time anymore, you really need to approach it in a businesslike manner with substantial investments, substantial risk exposure and substantial research before you commit anything.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:55:56
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:42:06
It's pretty straightforward. You're literally investing in a money-tree that produces a % share of all the 25 bitcoins that are being created every 10 minutes. If the tree+electricity to feed the tree is cheaper than this rate over time, you make money.
That means all you have to do is research the best GH/S per dollar price you can get. Figure out your electricity costs. Add the two, and compare it to the share of the GH/S power you'd get and plot it over time with the difficulty increasing (about 20% per month iirc) and compare the numbers.
The big problem isn't how difficult all this is, it's extremely straightforward basic math. The problem is it's hard to trust your supplier. There are shit tons of cases where suppliers deliver you either a different money-tree (mining rig) or deliver it months later when it can't break even anymore, or deliver a broken rig, or not deliver at all. 
So mining right now is pretty much 95% about securing a trustworthy supplier. If you have that, it's pretty easy. For me, I don't have the connections and I'm not going to trust any of the consumer companies, just use google and you'll find horror stories.
If you believe in bitcoin, just buy some bitcoin. If it takes off that's one of the best investments you could ever make. If you don't, I wouldn't even want to get into mining myself. 
You can also experiment with cloud hashing, but the prices are severely inflated at the moment. Just look at the long-term price cycle, it's way down (a GH/S became about 20x cheaper in the past 10 months or so) but the past 6-8 weeks it's been stable and slightly rising. That's going to collapse at some point. Cloud hashing is actually pretty damn crappy for most people over the long-term and that makes sense. If you spent $10 on a mining rig that makes $15, you won't rent it out for $14, you'd lose $1 for no reason. You'd rent it out for $15+ at least, only as the rig only makes $15, it's a losing game to the renter. There's some cash flow benefits involved for the miner who'd like to rent out and get a discounted cash flow early, but that's about it. Generally the economics don't make much sense and cloud mining is usually a shitty deal.
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:15:06
Hehe, just like 'Vice President', ebay has something like 300-400 vice presidents for example. A lot of companies do this because if, as a sales rep, you make a sales call, the chances you make a sale increase when they think they're talking with a vice president of your company.
Anyway, itBit is a company in SE-Asia. To hire SE-Asia's compliance chief is good stuff considering law can be so extremely local, I'd be a bit more concerned if they got the US compliance chief the job.
Hey, it's a Dutch guy. Good stuff :)
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:44:56
Exactly... and bitcoin isn't mature today, just like the internet wasn't in 1993. I mean, I've got almost all my money in bitcoin and love it, but let's get real: 
there were 0.06 million bitcoin transactions today. Visa alone did more than 200 million. Mastercard did ~100 million, then there's American express.
And that's just some creditcard transactions. In much of Europe, the largest economy in the world, debit is more popular. In my country, the Netherlands, we use debit 16x more than creditcards and cash is used 10x more than creditcards. 
In fact, the bitcoin protocol today is limited to 7 transactions per second, or 0.2% of most creditcard transactions daily. Let me repeat, the software prevents bitcoin from doing more than 0.2% of all daily creditcard transactions. And today, bitcoin only does about 0.02% of all creditcard transactions and we're not even looking at cash, B2B or debit payments which are way bigger than this. 
To top it off, despite bitcoins massive media exposure, March 14th 2014 for example only had 10% more transactions than March 14th 2013. About 66k vs 60k that day a year ago.
Bitcoin is awesome, but to say fiat doesn't exist in 10 years from now is crazy. I'd be happy to bet my 10 bitcoin if you hold your opinion strongly, as I hold the opposite opinion strongly. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 16:47:29
Nope, referring to the Dutch government owning most of the bank.
@_date: 2014-04-22 16:12:35
Some points made really little sense to me. For example at point 2) he/she explains barriers to arbitrage by supposing that one can only trade 10k bitcoins at a time? I really don't get this point. 
Some other points are nothing new to ETFs and exchanges. e.g. trading hours have been faced by many exchanges for decades whereas OTC trades can happen 24/7. Has nothing to do with a bitcoin ETF, and obviously ETFs have had value despite trading hour limitations for a loooooong time, making them good ideas.
Then he mentions BIT has 2% fees. All these points give me a 'so what?' reaction. It's the only fund right now and they hold $50m worth of bitcoin. Obviously, there's interest to pay the 2% fees. It's likely this will come down at some point. Then he goes on about it eating half your principal in 40 years and even made a silly little graph a 12 year old would make. (Sorry, but with all due respect, I can't take you seriously if you dedicate half a page to visualizing 2% compound fees) but doesn't mention 2% was puny when investors gained 100x appreciation in the single year of 2013. It doesn't at all say anything about why an ETF is a bad idea which is the title of the post '5 reasons why a btc ETFs is a bad idea'. Saying there is no reason to pay beyond 0.15% is silly, if you'd have said that in 2013 you'd have stood to turn $1m into $100m and paid 2% in fees, who cares? But if you went outside the ETF and used one of 2013's risky exchanges, you might've lost everything. Obviously, a lot of investors are not in the business of dealing with shady exchanges and would gladly pay the fees to not have this problem and spend no extra effort in their accounting or audits (as they're buying securities, not bitcoin).
Then some stuff about liquidity which obviously doesn't hold up (to the extent one has reason to call a bitcoin ETF a bad idea, which is the contention of his post) considering BIT has been doing just fine.
@_date: 2014-08-09 20:19:04
Safello is great. Also heard nice stories about Justcoin but I'm not very familiar with em.
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:53:03
Please note this is not about bitcoin, it's about public disclosure. of $100 of donations. You have to be a real amateur if you're going to let $100 fuck up your image.
Again, they stress it's not about the method of transaction. The same $100 bill in an envelope in their mail would've had to be rejected just like bitcoin. If the individual discloses identity when making the donation in bitcoins, that'd be fine.
Whether that's a good system or not is another discussion. I'd say probably, it makes it a little more difficult for a billionaire to buy an election. It can still happen but I it's a small measure that might help make election financing slightly more equitable. But again that's a complete different discussion.
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:00:29
In other words this isn't a utility for turning dice rolls into Bitcoin private keys? It'd need to be extended to make sure the hexadecimal string can turn into a valid bitcoin private key, too?
By the way, check out diceware.org. Great way to get true random passphrases so one can easily create and write down (or remember, if you dare) the seed to a private key.
The slow alternative is to just flip a coin btw, 128 for a 128 bit number should be plenty haha. Takes a while, but that works, too, and everyone has a coin.
@_date: 2014-03-18 13:34:35
As of yet, I don't see much infrastructure for individuals to actually source coins (obtain them), nor any merchants to use them with, nor much infrastructure beyond kipochi to allow users to send/receive coin with SMS on feature phones. There's a lot of talk of the potential to save remittance fees, but it needs infrastructure and that introduces costs.
@_date: 2014-09-26 09:54:38
They have no spread between buy and sell price.
If they have a spread between their price and the exchange price, it'll just be exploited, because of the above fact.
That is, if the bitcoin price is $500 and they sell it to people for $505, guess what happens?
Because their sell and buy price is the SAME, people can also buy bitcoin somewhere at $500 and sell it at Circle for $505.
In other words, trying to run a spread from the rest of the world on similar buy/sell prices is the dumbest shit ever, and it's NOT their business plan.
Right now they have no revenue model at all. They've got $25m of cash to burn trying to build a large platform that tens of millions of people use. Then they'll get $50m to burn trying to build that into a product hundreds of millions of people use. And with hundreds of millions of people, you can monetize it any way you want. You can charge merchants to directly interface for 100m customers. You can charge offer customers 'supplementary' financial services for a low fee like peer-to-peer lending. You can present ads (e.g. revenue model of youtube, facebook, gmail, reddit etc). 
In short there's lots of ways to make money while keeping the basic product free. Just like reddit, facebook and gmail use cheap internet-based networks and cheap software-based services to provide forums, social media and email for free (while making $5 to $30 per year per user of revenue from things like ads, business accounts etc), Circle can use cheap internet/blockchain based networks and software-based services to provide money transfer for free.
What that looks like we can only speculate. There's certainly a lot of ideas, but they make no revenue today. Just like facebook or twitter etc made no revenue the first few years and was building a platform by burning VC investment capital.
@_date: 2014-02-24 16:31:46
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:37:45
Yes it is true what I said. I didn't say there's never going to be a marginal cost, I said there's less reason not to include transactions (i.e., the marginal cost will decrease). 
When propagating times of a full block means you run a 1% risk of losing the race to get the 25 block rewards versus someone with an empty block, that's a cost of 0.25 btc that must be compensated for in tx fees over time. But that risk goes down if propagating is faster because the difference between a 0.5mb or 1mb block becomes smaller and thus the race depends less and less on the size of the block. Thus the tx fees don't have to compensate as much if networks improve.
Of course this will be offset by bigger blocks, but in and of itself it's a factor :)


Agreed. Personally I have nothing against centralized systems a priori, but the beauty for me in bitcoin is that because there's a decentralized alternative, open, permissionless, global layer for all, the centralized systems can be held accountable. It's a bit like Paypal, they can get away with many of their antics and fees and such because they're one of the only players in the game. A bank, same thing. You wouldn't think of keeping 100k under your mattress. But in a world in which, if necessary, one can simple take their money on the blockchain, that puts pressure on everyone else. It's like this elegant governance system. 
But more practically, bitcoin could just be an awesome settling system, the store of value allowing anyone and everyone to keep their savings secure and independent from any third party or government. And for the low-amount, low-risk purchases like buying a cup of coffee, you use an off-chain transaction, who cares about that? I certainly don't, not so much that I'm willing to pay 30 cents to ask the entire global network of all nodes and all miners have to process the fact I bought a cup of coffee haha. I think that's fine, there's no reason for me that I want my changetip account to be decentralized and distributed. I'm not worrying the government will step in and seize my $6 of tips I earned, or for changetip to ask for my ID, or do a chargeback :P
@_date: 2014-03-21 13:24:06
Great. Listen, bitcoin *will not* exist without almost every country in the world regulating it somehow. It simply won't happen. Bitcoin currently moves .25 billion a day. In a few years it's moving billions a day. Governments simply won't let that happen without any oversight due to AML and Capital Control motivations. Sure, they can't ban bitcoin, but they could easily criminalize it. (e.g. exchanges, merchants, payment processors, banks will be shut down if they touch bitcoin). 
Now, obviously that's not going to happen, but no-regulation isn't happening either. It's best for the bitcoin community to have regulation happen sooner than later. We're ready for it. Governments understand its importance, banks seem to understand its importance, investors are ready to invest, companies are ready to work with banks, exchanges are ready to launch, the only thing holding things back is regulation. 
While I'm not a fan of harsh regulation, some regulation will happen, just like gummy bears are regulated. I'm glad steps are being taken and clarity is being built. Listen to bitcoin investors, companies, CEOs, VCs, they've been waiting for this.
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:26:28
An easy and cheap cold storage option (e.g. A mini computer on a usb stick just to hold in cold storage and transfer to hot, a bit like trezor but even simpler. Basically allowing you e.g. To fund your wallet before you go out to get s coffee)
Bitcoin insurance, but I dont think it is feasible atm.
@_date: 2014-09-28 23:12:22
Thanks a lot buddy, appreciate it :)
@_date: 2014-05-06 15:10:40
I think the brand thing might be the biggest thing. It's not really about the business model Apple only makes money on inapp purchases which Paypal or your bank can't do either, nobody is allowed to do that except Apple. But they can do the rest (e.g. payments on Ebay, using Paypal to pay for a coffee etc, ecommerce etc) while bitcoin can't. I think the distinction indeed is brand. They really don't want any associations with thefts and security issues and Mt. Gox like shit happening on their platform. If a big iphone app is compromised and everyone's bitcoin is stolen, Apple doesn't want the headline to say '$15 million dollars stolen from iPhones'. It has less risk of that than with e.g. your bank or Paypal given most bitcoin apps don't have industry grade security at this point.
I expect one day for this to change though.
@_date: 2014-10-01 13:26:31
No worries mate. 
And in future.consider not posting a suggestion for companies like Circle with no revenue model to run a $50m campaign with absolutely zero thought. Especially when reading 1 page of analysis about whether spending $50m is a good idea is too much effort. 
I wish you good luck in life, you'll need it when $1m of expenses allow, on average, about 1 sentence of thought going into it, anything more is 'too long, can't bother reading'. LOL.
Consider applying for a job in marketing with say, Circle. Their CEO Jeremy Allaire, who built a billion-dollar product before that's used by 75 of the fortune 100 is probably the dumbest guy ever. I'm sure he'll hire you on the suggestion to run prime time TV ads. 
Not just him by the way. No bitcoin company ever did prime time TV ads, but they probably all think it's a brilliant idea, but they're just too dumb to come up with it themselves.
OH WAIT, sorry, there is one company who did TV ads. Neo and Bee. LOL. Bye.
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:04:53


Can you give me an example? Entire 100m+ businesses are built on top of the blockchain and they seemingly have no problem finding the balance of an address because the whole point of bitcoin is that all that information is in the blockchain. Anyone can write software to simply read the data distributed by thousands of nodes and find the balance, just like the core client just did now. Again I feel like I'm missing something. 
Can anyone just give me a use case of what everyone's going to be doing now that we have this, something that always used to be a big problem to do before?
@_date: 2014-05-18 18:51:10
Yup... the strangest thing for me is that there's no information. That is, it hasn't even been confirmed or even speculated by Mark that the coins have been stolen. All he's said is that coins are missing. He hasn't even said he lost the private keys or lost the harddrive or forgot a password or his servers were hacked or someone took the coins out of his address. He's just been extremely vague.
I mean it's one thing we don't know who stole the bitcoin if there was a theft. That's not easily found out... but not to even know whether the coins were stolen in the first place is ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-04-08 11:08:18
How so? Apart from human nature being a bit gullible when it sees 10-100x money growth and wants a piece of it (thereby greedily depositing money at Mt. Gox to sell bitcoin at a premium), I don't see any intentional interest to keep parties like Mt. Gox afloat. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:34:36
Remember, Bobby Lee is not saying there won't be a bitcoin slide. He's pushing facts out there. When in December we all thought bitcoin would be banned in China, evidently it wasn't because more than $10 million of venture capital went into building new chinese exchanges since then and huge amounts of volume (even without the 'fake volume') were processed every month since December.
Bobby Lee is not an investment advisor. He's a CEO who talks about what his company is subject to right here right now. Whatever the fuck other people decide to do with their bitcoins is their problem.
Lastly, China has always put the economy before politics in the last 30 years. Their politics are economics based. I think bitcoin has a future in China, just like the Internet does. Don't forget, China has the most internet users, some of the biggest internet companies, it's a gateway to the world, yet it's monitored and regulated. I see bitcoin having the same potential in China in the long-term.
@_date: 2014-12-13 02:42:40
It says that the guy who posted this is a web editor at Newegg, and the post is posted at a newegg.com subdomain, meaning someone at newegg is giving this blog permission to exist under its own name (not merely permission, someone had to actually set up that subdomain specifically and point it to specific hosting, or host it themselves. i.e. conscious effort). Lastly, the blog is stated to be the 'official blog' of newegg.
So tell me. Do you think Newegg would be allowing a blog on its own website, set up a domain for it, that lied about being the official blog with editors saying they lie about working for newegg? Because that's what you are implying is happening here.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:59:28
I'd say probably at least a million. Active users, not sure, a bit less?
@_date: 2014-06-25 16:03:43
Crypto in games is very interesting.
The reason is that games are native to software. Integrating an API is something game developers (like me) have done hundreds of times. e.g. implementing an API to do multiplayer networking, implementing an API to let users register their highscore on a server, implementing an API to let users invite facebook friends to play. Nowadays all I freaking do is implement APIs haha. So implementing a blockchain API or a Coinbase API is a natural extension of what (game) developers do.
So much for the developer side. On the user side, it's the same thing. Bitcoin is native to software as are games. So implementing the two together is seamless. You can literally let a game on a phone pop up a button, user clicks it, coinbase app opens, user presses 'pay' and it's done. That's payments. That's a lot more normal than trying to implement bitcoin in the physical space, where you buy a coffee and have to scan things still because there's this physical/digital connection that has to be made.
Anyway stuff like in-app payments would be awesome but of course those are restricted on any platform worth its salt because it's a huge money maker. But in-game economies would be quite interesting. Imagine ISK in Eve were actually bitcoin, that'd be pretty sick and it'd be completely in line with the darwinianesque aspects of the game.
Of course it does carry lots of difficulties and limitations. e.g. you wouldn't want to pay out users in coin, you'd only want to create oeer-to-peer ingame communities, but that takes away control over the ingame economy. (as a game developer you naturally want to create sources and sinks of money, and balancing this is really important, anyway other topic.)
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:34:48
You're seriously saying we ought to physically go over and bomb their mining equipment or some equivalent when they reach e.g. 60% of mining power for a few weeks, just so a new mining ecosystem can emerge? 
Let's just say I politely disagree with your opinion...
@_date: 2014-05-10 21:38:44
Thanks for your sources asshole. Listen, you can talk shit about Pierce, even if he wasn't accused he's got a ton of dirt on his shoulders due to his associations. But to say Tony Gallippi is a pedophile without even an inkling of a source? Fuck you.
@_date: 2014-06-20 14:53:55
Agree with everything but the last point. Actual DACs are a LONG way away, apart from extremely simple ones that have no actual benefit of being a DAC and are only partially DAC anyway. Very near horizon is a huge overstatement in my opinion. It's extremely exciting, but it's really far away.
Let's not forget what a DAC really is. A DAC drone-delivery service is not just a drone that can fly itself to a location automatically, we can do that today with or without bitcoin. It's much more. It's a drone that runs in a company that's controlled entirely by software. A company that designs, buys, repairs, refills drones. A company that markets its drone services and does SEO on its home-made website, that can do customer service or at least outsource a lot of these tasks to e.g. Amazon's Mechanical Turk program. 
Anyway other than that great post! Very exciting stuff indeed :)
@_date: 2014-07-13 17:57:23
Nice! :D
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:26:41
Sort of.
Bitcoin is quite obviously a culmination of about 30-40 years of computer science and cryptographic (research) work. Adam Back from Cyperspace has definitely been an important contributor, in fact he invented HashCash which is the proof of work system bitcoin uses. So indirectly he has worked on bitcoin.
If he worked on it directly? Not sure, I haven't followed exactly his recent work, but I know he's written quite a lot about bitcoin, I'd say he's probably worked on the '2.0' stuff more than bitcoin itself, like sidechains on top of bitcoin.
Why do you ask?
@_date: 2014-05-10 10:07:07


Absolutely, and that in itself perhaps makes him for the foundation. I mean, this isn't an official representative organisation, but it does have historical ties to the core development and core developers that still exists today. I think the foundation's biggest function is one of PR and lobbying. And those are the type of jobs that require people with a clean record.
I'd be fine if Pierce built a bitcoin company (he's invested in half a dozen). But to be part of what is essentially a big PR-effort with such baggage is not a great idea.
That link is fucking bizarre by the way haha. Suddenly it doesn't seem so weird if the FBI planted him in the board of the bitcoin foundation haha.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:28:07
That's pretty likely at first, but two things are likely to happen.
One, bitcoin works, and is cheaper. As such, slowly they might run completely on bitcoin as an internal settling system while hiding it from their users. 
Two, if users are using bitcoin and are introduced by it, and eBay accepts it and paypal merchants accept it... then there's little reason to stick with Paypal now, if blockchain.info is free. And if they want user-friendly interfaces, Coinbase's fees are about 1/3rd of Paypal's. So their fees are going to be really challenged as customers switch over to other platforms with lower fees.
So I think in the long-run Paypal fees are going to have to go down. I don't expect paypal to be around in 5-10 years if it keeps on charging me 3%. It's just too much as a user and as a merchant.
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:18:43
I'm not up to date on the situation but I assume and think the latter.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:19:10
Yup, cause ATM fees don't normally charge 7-10% markup fees. Oh wait they do. :(
ATMs really need to step up their game. Can anyone explain where *exactly* these fees come from? Is it volatility, compliance, profit? 
Also, what is the exact percentage fees of Bit Accesss ATMs? I'd be curious. If they could bring it down, as prelsidente said, it could be huge.
@_date: 2014-05-06 19:01:16
this :D
Some day we'll see these numbers go down or stabilize, by the way, but that's okay. For example, if everyone knows what bitcoin is, few will ask the question to Google. It's like merchant adoption, now that you can actually spend your bitcoin, everyone's spending it and the payment processors are selling it, depressing the price while adoption is up. These things have a way of working oppositely for a while. But we're still trending up :) Excited to see the numbers next year!
@_date: 2014-05-13 09:06:58
$5 / $3000 ain't that bad. It's unnecessary, but 0.16% fees isn't a problem for most people.
But read a few studies and you'll find 9% average remittance fees. That's $270 / $3000 in fees from payments going to the poor and destitute. 
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:09:18
Gotto appeal to specific interests... 
My girlfriend is currently abroad working in underdeveloped regions as a volunteer. Sending her money with bitcoin is a lot easier given all the problems she has with her creditcard and ATMs that don't take her cards. She's interested in the financial inclusion aspects. There are lots of stats and documentaries showing how access to microfinance is a big deal, and the ability to make safe and secure cheap payments has a huge effect on a local economy, and how the traditional banking system isn't fit for many places. 
For example, in one city alone, Mumbai, more people live in slums than the entire combined population of Paris *three* times over. Now the banking system works by requiring proof of residence, identity and income. Which is impossible, because a few billion people on this planet have no formal home registered in any cadastre, have no formal income or job and often have no formal identity, making them ineligible to get a bank account. Without a bank account, they can't securely save money. They can't borrow money to invest in a longer-term future, e.g. to invest in fertilizer, education or healthcare, which holds back everything. Bitcoin can bring financial inclusion to people in the long-term, as long as they have access to *some* form of a network some of the time. The beauty of networks is they can talk to eachother if there are gateways. Meaning if you can connect to a phone network, you can connect to the internet, meaning anyone who can send SMS can also make internet-based bitcoin payments.
Some of my other friends couldn't care less though. Some of them are hyped about things like smartphones and apps, and I talk to them about monetizing the web instead of ads, about how digital money is to what we have now as smartphones are to landlines.
And then there's the non-techie finance guys. To them I just show the price chart of 2011-2013 and say that's what bitcoin did going from 0 to 1m users. Then I show them some adoption metrics, the VCs who say this is the next big thing, the investment metrics and pitch the notion of digital vs analogue (Software eats the world type of pitch) how digital replaces everything. (typewriter, fax, phone, snailmail, television, walkman etc) and then tell them there's only 1m users now, imagine the price at 100m users. 
Any of these things generally get them thinking. There's an interest for everyone, but talking about mining and hashpower and byzantine generals generally isn't it.
@_date: 2014-06-22 08:09:32
Got a tx to show at least? Sorry to hear man...
Anyway, report him here at least:
@_date: 2014-03-04 14:43:22
For me, it's insurance.
Kraken has enough volume for me, it has a lot of different trading options, it doesn't lag, UI is nice and fast, fiat arrives in 48 hours.
But at the end of the day, unless I want to withdraw and deposit fiat/bitcoin and wait 1-48 hours (making daytrading or acting on important news impossible) I have to keep funds there. And if I keep funds there, I'm at risk, even if it's mostly in cold storage and even if they have a great legal team.
The problem is that there's all these parties promising security and almost all of them have had problems in the past. Bitcoin-central for example had a theft a while ago, while they do security things that not even blockchain.info gets right. (e.g. MITM protection by not using convenient services to mitigate DoS like cloudflare). But none of them actually offer insurance  at a fee (e.g. if 95% of storage is cold, they'll insure you for free or at a small cost for the 5% in the hot wallet that you risk, barely any of them even offer assurance. (e.g. external audits, signed funds to prove ownership)
@_date: 2014-10-25 22:48:12
Feel free to explain how you construed that from anything I said. (to answer your question, no I don't think there's no difference)
@_date: 2014-10-11 21:27:30
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:51:43
Agreed on the open-source part, that's not what open source is.
But for the rest, I think your points are a bit harsh, centralization can be just fine as long as it's not the only option. Not as the only offer, but as an alternative. Some people prefer anonymous trading with strangers in many different places (and yes, thugs can meet you there, too, including government officials), and others prefer being able to buy bitcoin from a guy who also runs a coffee shop nearby, every single time, and build trust with that person. That's not to say the one or the other is better, but I'm glad we have BOTH, both Mycelium / LocalBitcoins, as well as Coinsafe.
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:40:52
we got this thread covered lol, I proudly partake in this time capsule experiment.
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:31:47
:D whoop thank you! I'm accumulating tips for my own tipthread soon hehe
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:12:19
this. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:14:18
It's easy to say there's a run up in the price five times if the first ones take a market cap from $1 to $100 to $1k to $10k to $100k to $1m, right. At $1m, you only have 100k people holding $10 and not cashing out.
But right now, to take a near $9b market cap at a price of about $650 to say $10k would mean 15x price increase, which means the amount of money pouring in to bitcoin will be $125 billion in the next 6 months. That's insane. Sure, it doesn't require those investments, but as everyone can cash out easily, it requires that on aggregate everyone agrees it's worth $125 billion yet doesn't want to cash out a portion of this systemic amount in fiat currency.
Now that can absolutely happen in 2014, but I think it'd take something extraordinary, while at the same time, an absence of bad news. That's not what I consider 'easily'. It's a possible scenario, but not likely in my opinion. I'm personally expecting $10k in 2017 or so.
@_date: 2014-10-02 15:27:03
Indeed, non-euro countries are the exception. You can read the European legal standard on this by looking up EC Regulation 2560/2001 which harmonises domestic and cross-border euro payments.


So sadly the UK doesn't apply. :(
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:43:31
There's lots of USD - BTC, but perhaps not as convenient. Bitstamp for example.
Anyway, from my point of view, in 2014 we'll probably see this happen:
- Institutional exchanges with proper licenses will emerge (e.g. SecondMarket which has a Stockbrokers license). These will be more favourably seen by regulators, and easier to regulate as its investors are institutional investors who are already familiar with compliance measures in 100% of what they do.
- Exchanges for ordinary individuals will probably not be as important. We'll see them grow, sure, and mainly we'll probably see a push for 'best practices' and audits. E.g.  or Andreas' audit of Coinbase recently. So they'll improve and grow, but we'll probably not need to rely on them as much anymore as alternatives emerge.
- We'll see a huge emergance of bitcoin ATMs in every country and probably every big city. Besides this, we'll see services like Zipzap allow people to buy bitcoins in every store as if they're buying a pack of gum. Because it's a 100% digital product, it's an extremely cost-effective thing for stores to sell with a 2-3% markup. Stores essentially become payment processors for bitcoin, because every store in the world basically already has payment processor infrastructure, right?
This shift is pretty logical. Exchanges were commonly used for investment purposes. You see a lot of people buy and hold bitcoin or daytrade it. Exchanges were never meant to be used to buy bitcoin for daily use. So institutional investment will bring institutional exchanges (SecondMarket) and individuals will buy bitcoin in any store as if it's a product.
Over time, a bitcoin economy will emerge to replace all this. Bitpay has already built and implemented an API to not just accept bitcoin as payments online &amp; in stores but also allow companies to pay employees in bitcoin. At that point, you don't need to buy bitcoin anywhere, you get it from your employer or customers. This won't happen in any significant way in 2014, but it'll start this year. 
@_date: 2014-03-23 18:41:53
Right, it's quite possible that little new regulation would actually be needed. The same can apply. But until governments clearly state that 'the same applies', it's extremely risky for anyone but venture capital or small-time individuals step into the game, and that's what has happened.
But since we got Fincen guidance and a few other things, we're already seeing institutional investors move in. That means: more legitimacy, better reputation for bitcoin users, higher market cap increasing liqiduity and decreasing volatility and a better financial incentive for miners and other services, more and better media (legitimacy), high-value business stakeholders that governments listen to etc etc. Institutional involvement would be very interesting for bitcoin and all it needs is regulatory clarity.
@_date: 2014-08-03 21:11:41
Agreed it's pretty stupid. I hope they'll change this soon and just charge the 8c upfront. 
Coinbase is a bit tricky. They seem to have delayed transaction issues, it's not gigantic but many have complained so far. They probably aggregate transactions and bundle them, causing a cheap single transaction that's delayed. That's not ideal, especially if you have a 10minute window for a payment to arrive at a certain merchant. 
Because it's not actually cheap to pay for customer tx. They have about 1.5 million wallets. Imagine they all only sent 1 tx a day at 10 cents. That's $150k a day in fees or $4m a month. While it sounds peanuts to pay for customer transactions, it really adds up as you can see. I wouldn't be surprised if Coinbase processed a 100k transactions daily (as opposed to 1.5m in the example above) and that's still a ton of money.
@_date: 2014-07-12 10:52:58
What is the problem? Advertising, escrow, safety, transfer of funds/deed? 
@_date: 2014-07-01 09:02:56
Sweet. I was expecting it to happen, online retailers of technology and all, it's a perfect fit, 0 risk, lower fees than anything else, new customer base and the integration is peanuts. (e.g. Mollie CEO said they built and implemented bitcoin payments for thousands of their company customers within about 4-5 days of engineering work of 1 employee)
But the way Newegg did it... it's probably the biggest big company endorsement ever. Overstock is in a different realm due to its CEO, but Newegg plastered this all over their website with very strong language. I think that's a great sign and a great move. Now can anyone tell me, do they do bitcoin discounts?
@_date: 2014-04-15 17:18:12
Please, inform me. I'd be happy to know which claims are false.
Daughter threats, did I claim they were made while he wasn't in the UK? If not, how are my 'claims' regarding this false? I said it's strange threats to his daughter are made (wherever he is) and then decides not to actually be with his daughter and leave his daughter in a wholly different country and decides (at least temporarily) not to return. Those claims are not false.
Again, I didn't claim he reported threats to the police in Cyprus. I claimed it's strange that if his daughter is threatened and she is in Cyprus, and this is the reason he doesn't return to Cyprus (quoting him), that he wouldn't return to her, nor inform the Cyprus police of this threat. That's strange to me. And these are not false claims at all.
So, no false claims at all. Any other 'false claims' I made? Make sure you quote me exactly and point out what is actually false.
Also, if the other half aren't false, it's not shady as hell? I'd be concerned if even a few of these things are true. But as it appears, they all seem true.
@_date: 2014-07-16 12:45:33
Many drugs are quite illegal in the netherlands actually. For some softdrugs the consumption of very small amounts is what is called 'gedoogd', which pretty much means 'illegal yet allowed' in the way that police officers might look the other way when someone's jaywallking. But the supply of these quasi-legal softdrugs is still very much illegal, which of course is a huge paradox, and it means coffee shops are usually illegally supplied, and legally sell. It's quite a strange system. (born, raised and living in Amsterdam)
But again, broadly they're the same. Even the Netherlands has broadly the same laws and intent of the law when it comes to drugs as the rest of the world. And almost the entire rest of the world has similar drug laws. The penalties might be a bit different, but it's mostly the same.
So if we know multiple large and influential countries like the US or UK can do something like lock you up if you don't hand over a password, it's definitely NOT a stretch of imagination to expect similar laws to arrive in other places in e.g. Europe. Would you dispute that? If not then what are we even arguing about?
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:50:31
The original Ripple, yes. But Jed, the person who is now selling all his XRP, built a new system in 2011 which is now 
part of Ripple Labs the company. It's this ripple I guess that people have their issues with.
I guess my biggest gripe was the pre-mining. There's 100 billion ripples, but only 75m or so are distributed. It's worse than doge. As a user I'd be really scared as there's a company holding not just 99%, no more than 99.99% of all the XRP and they can distribute it at their own will. It'd devalue anything I'd own. And instead of software ruling this, or a number of companies, or a network of decentralized people, it's just one company with a few people who can decide on this. That's just something that doesn't sit with me. And it's not similar to a company because this is supposed to be a protocol... for me that's not something that should have a company sit behind it with all the control over the money.
@_date: 2014-05-20 22:30:21
That sounds like my actual answer too :)
@_date: 2014-07-26 12:50:13
I doubt in the long-term that we'll ever get much cheaper than 6 pennies, in fact I think it's likely to go up a bit. But it'd still be cheaper than anything else (the low-end of online/offline payments is generally 30c + 3%) and near-free for any significant amount of money. (e.g. a remittance payment of $500 means 6c is less than 0.02%)
I don't necessarily see that as a problem. It may mean we'll need to use some lower-security chains for low-value micropayments, or off-chain centralized systems for free microtransactions. None of this is a problem as long as we always keep the option to pay our 10 pennies to move and store the bulk of our wealth on the decentralized blockchain. 
There's not much reason for a $10 cent transaction to be propogated, verified, mined, secured and stored by thousands of miners and nodes with the same importance of a $1 billion transaction.
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:43:45


Really well said, you really need very rapid adoption cycles, sustained for months and months, where people simultaneously buy bitcoin, use it, talk about it etc, without any major negative event (e.g. China, Mt. Gox, Russia), and then you can be lucky to kind of break even, with all the selling-pressure from payment processors going on.
The fact that bitcoin rose so much is pretty astounding. At some point, as inflation tapers off, liquidity markets become deeper and more institutional investment pours in, volatility will drop, selling pressure is relieved a bit, and less bitcoin is immediately sold off. (i.e. some merchants might keep a small amount, and derivatives allow bitcoin to be held through hedging with minimal volatility exposure). 
At that point you can see bitcoin do much more comfortably in terms of price. This is really a difficult time to go through right now. But hey, an ETF is seriously on the horizon, we've seen a few derivative products launch and get SEC approval, and the next halfing isn't too far away.
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:07:25
Firstly SM has bid themselves too, they're literally in the business of procuring and selling bitcoin and this is a unique opportunity.
And secondly a few members have said they bid this amount. There's no proof until the Marshals come forward, but the posts looks legit.
Also, they collectively bid $28.5m or so, Barry said this. There were 30k bitcoins. If you'd take an average, that's $950 a coin. Yet they also said they were outbid on every block. There's no distribution of bids that'd change that fact. If many bid low and some bid high, there'd have to be one high bid and that'd have to win. If all bid high you'd think they'd get at least one block. They got nothing.
In short, it's quite clear to me that the winning bids were at LEAST $450 and that this is probably quite a conservative figure, too.
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:29:43
"Most Merchants Immediately Sell Bitcoins for Dollars"
Because most merchants who do this are in the US, not because it's their only option. Bitpay can output fiat in 150 currencies, don't forget it :)
@_date: 2014-09-30 10:52:33
That's because no creditcard company in the world charges you for payments. They charge the merchant. Thus Circle charges you and then pays your bank, circle is not setting or controlling this fee, and paying 3% for every customer while taking no profit is a quick way to bankruptcy so they have no choice but to charge you for it. So it's completely a creditcard fee, if you pay any other way you don't have a fee, there's a small fee for things like ACH but Circle pays it for you.
@_date: 2014-04-14 20:30:58
&lt; 0.5%
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:16:52
This is stupid, just release the information. TBI is not the gatekeeper of information, it goes against the decentralized nature of bitcoin (as does the foundation itself). Just release the information. If the evidence is weak or not compelling enough for people to lose trust in the foundation, so be it. If the evidence is strong and compelling, the foundation will have to act itself or lose credibility. Either way, the people deserve to know in full. Either way, you've made allegations without providing evidence and provided conditions to the release of this evidence. This means TBI has created FUD, defamed early bitcoin pioneers and blackmailed them, all without providing a shred of evidence, which is despicable. The only correct way to do things like this is release all information and let the people decide. That has been the way with every scandal, watergate or wikileaks, that's the way.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:47:31
CEO of Xapo had a great presentation at the Bitcoin 2014 conference. He talked about how gold wasn't valuable because it was desired for things like jewelry. It was desired for jewelry because it was valuable.
He went on to cite aluminium, a once very scarce good that was more valuable than gold and used for the most expensive things. e.g. Napoleon had his most honoured guests at a big banquet eat with aluminium utensils and the rest with golden ones. And the washington monument is partly coated in aluminium because it was so valuable, it was a sign of power and wealth of the US.
But gold ultimately failed as a final currency solution. Ironically we spend billions trying to dig it out of the ground, just to bury it underground again in vaults. It's not portable or divisible, workable or practical anymore in a modern economy.
But now that we can create digital scarcity through the blockchain, there's no need for gold anymore. We can have bitcoin, which is like gold only far more practical in terms of use, divisibility, portability, ease of security etc. I think that's what goldbugs don't really seem to get.
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:50:28
Even if electricity was free from solar panels, ignoring the fact that you can sell that electricity, you'll probably burn out your motherboard, GPU etc and destroy more in hardware than you can ever make in mining.
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:48:24
Absolutely, Amazon accepting bitcoin would be big news and people spend more at Amazon than Overstock. But that'd hold both ways. I.e. Amazon actually does 55x fiat sales than Overstock, so even if you and everyone else spent 30x as much at Amazon in bitcoin than they did at Overstock, Amazon bitcoin sales would still be a smaller percentage of overal sales in than the percentage of Overstock bitcoin sales of overal sales. That percentage for Overstock is less than half a percent, by the way.
Anyway, I entirely expect Amazon to adopt bitcoin some day. (It actually has notoriously low profit margins, 0.36% for 2013. Saving 2-3% on creditcard fees can tenfold their profits, it's insane.) But it's too soon right now. Core developers still call bitcoin an experiment, it's still not even close to fully regulated. Amazon has 110k employees, training a portion of those in customer service to handle bitcoin, changing your payment/return policies for 0.5% extra sales in an experimental currency is not a typical Amazon's move. There's only $5b of bitcoin worldwide, while Amazon has $74b in annual sales and $140b in market cap. While technically that's not a problem, it's just simply too soon. A year from now would be more realistic, but I'd personally expect it to happen more in 2 years personally. Of course, it's already happening indirectly, pay with Gyft and get 3% back on your bitcoin purchases at Amazon. 
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:15:28
Wow you're delusional. 
@_date: 2014-05-06 08:17:44
That's ridiculous. It's like saying a journalist isn't allowed to report on anything unless he's done it himself. It's like a historian who can't speak on any topic unless he was present himself doing the things.
As long as you know what you're talking about, who cares what you have or haven't done? I think this was a great talk for the MIT audience on bitcoin, they didn't even really pitch their own product, it came up in Q&amp;A later.
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:13:37
I do recall Gavin recently consistently using bits when describing block rewards :) So maybe he's switched over, already, on a personal level.
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:54:18
For long enough passwords it's not a big deal.
There are 200k words in the english language. So a 10-word phrase means you have 200.000^10 different possible phrases. That number is 1e53, or 102400000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000.
So if you were able to look up 1 billion phrases per second, that's 86400000000000 passphrases per day.
Divide those two and you get this number:
That's the amount of days it'd take to iterate through all those passphrases. If you take every day in the last 14 billion years (the age of the universe as we know it), you wouldn't even be able to check 0.001% of all the passphrases, even if you checked 1 billion passphrases a second.
Dictionary attacks are possible for small random phrases or for phrases that are not random.
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:22:10
Thanks for your thoughts! Really appreciate it. I hope we can all revisit this project again sometime soon with renewed vigor and with all the learnings from the first experience.
@_date: 2014-07-07 15:27:14
It's not really possible to 'work it in the code'. There's no such thing as ASIC resistant mining algorithms, look it up. The only thing you can do is make it harder to build an ASIC. But eventually, someone will anyway, and then the barriers to entry are huge and so it'll be MUCH more centralized than if you take a simple and open algorithm like SHA256 for which anyone can build an ASIC.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:40:58
Thanks for your reply. That would be great! Until then ill keep an eye out on twitter.
@_date: 2014-06-20 18:13:17
Of course not.
Look, there's at least 3 financial institutions bidding of which 2 are confirmed to have more than $100m invested in bitcoin.
That alone should tell you enough. Do you really think that none of those massive financial institutions won't pay $300 for a coin worth $600? 
I hope you'll say, no of course they'll pay $300 for a coin worth $600. Will they pay $400? Yes, $500? Yes. Above that it's tricky. The price might go all the way up to the exchange price because that's a great deal for them. (as, if they'd buy $20m of bitcoin on an exchange in one day, it'd push the price up by 20-50% easily while buying leading to higher average prices, so just getting the exchange price fixed is a great deal)
So no, you won't be able to buy a SR coin for $200. I think at most a 20% discount is possible, but I think a 5-10% discount is more likely. And I don't think they'll be dumped afterwards, they'll be sold privately to the funds' customers and they'll make a a few hundred thousand dollars of profit on this, and the exchange price won't really budge. (it's been priced in already as we know it's coming)
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:05:25
I'm not saying you should, I'm just giving reasons why one might in answer to your question.
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:42:21
Good to know!
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:52:18
That means that anything that wants to substitute for the American dollar should be permitted,” stated Paul. “There should be no prohibitions; there should not be a monopoly and a cartel running our monetary system because it so often benefits the privileged few. Bitcoin is an introduction to that.” 
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:15:24
Ooh that's pretty sweet. Looking forward to what comes out of this!
It really is too bad you can't sell inApp purchases without using the appstore/playstore CC-based systems. Bitcoin would be such a nice inapp purchase tool, but it's against TOS.
Considering that, what's left are mostly ecommerce apps. And a lot of the big ones will likely have built native apps rather than hybrids, for which this isn't relevant (yet) on iOS. 
Anyway, looking forward to seeing this live. I'm using Cordova in a current project but it's not a payments-based app else I'd definitely give it a shot.
Thanks for putting this out and for letting us know Eric :)
@_date: 2014-05-16 15:41:35
Yeah that's what I'd imagine, too. Basically what Coinbase does only not saying it takes a 1% fee, but just putting it in the conversion rate, like Paypal.
But it's very easy to spot. If you take an empty account and add $100 of funds and you then withdraw $100 of funds right away, that's impossible if there's fees. 
I think once people do this and fail they'll have to change their wording/marketing or ignore massive complaints about this being disingenuous. 
But I didn't really see this problem in the demo, so it might actually be free which would be a huge surprise, as it'd theoretically means they either take a loss straight away on every tx by covering the fee, or they turned ACH and creditcards into instant zero-free transactions making bitcoin obsolete haha.
@_date: 2014-04-16 12:24:24
I'd be happy to look at the case, but there's a clear difference between payments or pre-orders or deposit payments, and custodian funds.
At the moment you buy or pre-order a product, it becomes revenue for the company. It's the company's money now, and they have an obligation to build you an appliance.
Then they go bankrupt and fail to deliver the appliance. The company money (the revenues from customer payments) now goes to the creditors. The customers get nothing.
That's different from a person storing funds at Mt. Gox. It's not Mt. Gox's money. The TRANSACTION FEES are Mt. Gox money, but the bitcoin or fiat deposited there is not theirs, it's only holding it in another person's name. They have no legal authority to move this money to anyone else but the customer, or to another party at the instruction of the customer (when trade happens).
@_date: 2014-06-09 01:14:22
Join the club :p
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:34:20
Intervention here doesn't refer to things like theft, as these are things entirely unrelated to the concept of a market.
For example, in a free market without intervention from authorithy, it's not legal to shoot someone in the face. It's not legal to rape someone. It's not legal to take his posessions. All these things have nothing to do with markets.
In other words, an unregulated market doesn't allow you to steal things. It may allow market participants to operate without a permit, a license, without capital reserves, without auditing, without price intervention etc etc, but it doesn't mean you can steal or rape or kill.
They're entirely different things. Free market refers to market-related freedoms, not to a state of complete lawlessness. Theft has as little to do with a market freedom as rape or murder.
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:15:18
Absolutely I support it. Not for the sake of their owners becoming rich while having fucked over some people in a decade of existence... I support it because they have 140m users and I'd love for them to get introduced to bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 13:18:12
Less liquidity generally.
Imagine this. You had no access to any exchange anywhere in the world, just localbitcoins. And there are only 5 people who had bitcoins in your area. Would the price be higher or lower? Probably higher, as it's scarce.
The UK is a bit similar. Doesn't have Euro, so no SEPA payments, no ACH either. It's a market that doesn't have many exchanges covering it, partly because for a long time there was a regulatory issue where bitcoins were VAT taxed! Which means you lose like 20% of your money on every trade.
But it's changing, I expect the differential to become smaller and smaller as it becomes easier to onboard/unload bitcoin in the UK. Regulation is positive now, banks will probably open up slowly, exchanges will move in and existing exchanges will add UK wire transfers.
@_date: 2014-06-14 10:54:42
This is pretty sweet.
protip  Marc Andreessen should send every American a flower with a card 'paid for by bitcoin, holllaaaaaaa' lol
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:56:17
indeed. (diceware is random, that's the only point of diceware, take dice as a true random generator, and turn the randomness into words)
@_date: 2014-08-02 16:57:23
Sorry, I should have clarified. I completely agree, I expect in 5 years from now for example very few to actually accept bitcoin directly. With 'directly' I meant by taking bitcoin payments from a bitcoin wallet despite being paid out in fiat by the coinbase/bitpay intermediary. As opposed to 'indirectly' in not taking a bitcoin payment, but simply taking a creditcard payment that xapo pays for using bitcoin.
That's a fundamental difference. The former is very cheap. 100 consumers sends a cheap bitcoin transaction to Coinbase, who then send 1 cheap daily fiat transaction to Overstock. That's a cheaper and potentially more frictionless, safer, lower-fraud, faster way to pay. (i.e., no need for identity verification in a card-not-present situation, no chargeback fraud, lower interchange fees, no more than 1 intermediary, and more frictionless because it's based on software which can take on many forms like tap-to-pay, pay dynamically e.g. while driving on a road, walking out of a store, connecting to a certain wifi etc)
That's not a direct bitcoin payment, but it utilizes the bitcoin system to a large extent as a payment channel. I shouldn't have said 'direct', it's not the right word.
The latter, what Xapo is doing, doesn't really use bitcoin as a payment channel at all, which is why for me it's not 'direct'. It essentially takes a bitcoin wallet, say for $100. And then it mandates someone's creditcard to make up to $100 of payments on Xapo's behalf. 
How I think it works (they've never clarified) is much like a company creditcard. The company gives creditcards to its employees, and it runs a backend system to manage transaction limits (which are linked to the bitcoin wallet)
So now if you use a Xapo card, you just use an ordinary creditcard. You pay, not with bitcoin, but with the creditcard. The merchant is paid by Xapo, not with bitcoin, but with regular dollars. Not with a single daily cheap transfer, but with a regular expensive creditcard transfer with all the same security issues of a regular card.
And then all Xapo does is remove the equivalent bitcoin amount from your wallet after purchase. And if you didn't have enough, it'd block the transaction.
That's not using bitcoin as a payment channel at all. It's not making it cheaper, faster, software-based or more secure.
And that's why I think in 5-10 years it'll be redundant. I think most merchants will accept bitcoin through a better payment processor than the current creditcard processors. And I'm not saying that creditcards in general will be made redundant, I wouldn't make that claim easily, I'm saying the Xapo card will be. For example, if you want to pay Expedia with bitcoin, you can use a Xapo wallet without the Xapo creditcard, and it'd be a lot cheaper. As more merchants accept bitcoin even through an intermediary, I see the xapo card becoming redundant as it's displaced by the ability to send bitcoin to the merchant (through a converting payment processor) without needing a xapo card. But for now, it's a useful thing for some people who like to pay with a card while use bitcoin as a store of value.
But indeed I don't think many will take bitcoin directly. Instead I think we'll see a large investor market emerge to bring liquidity (e.g. the ETFs and security products). These allow anyone to hedge and lock the value of their bitcoin. This will allow anyone to use bitcoin as a payment channel for transferring value in any currency for which there is a large enough liquidity, without volatility risk. This allows merchants to accept bitcoin, keep the value in e.g. USD, and then pay suppliers with it, too. (which I think will take quite a while to emerge). No significant amount of merchants will actually hold bitcoin, but they'll likely often accept it and perhaps even use it as a payment channel themselves. Once you get enough plugins by from bitpay/coinbase for any major ecommerce solution and enough recognition and traction, implementing bitcoin will be one of those small 5-hour things every small to large company will do, a no-brainer every online company does. Like spending a few hours on some website SEO, adding a paypal button or setting up a contact-form for your customers.
@_date: 2014-06-27 10:25:29
Not really. 
* 1 Nobody really knows the bidding. It's not an open bid. Everyone makes a closed bid, then a winner is announced. So you don't know if you will or won't win, first of all.
* 2 Even if you knew, you're too late. You can't influence the bidding now. Last week, perhaps, but then if you want to move the market significantly you probably need enough coin that'd allow you to successfully bid on one of the chunks of bitcoin in the first place.
* 3 You'd take a big risk. You pump the price, other people see a nice price and dump. Don't forget, anyone who is able to win the auction has an incentive to dump e.g. $10m of bitcoin on an exchange, depress the price, then buy it back at the auction cheaply. If you pump the price that just means they're going to get a nice price while dumping their coin. It's not a clever move.
* 4 Bitcoin isn't a daytrading type of investment. 99% of bitcoin's investment potential is massive upside potential (10x, 100x, 1000x). Big players mostly think about that rather than trying to play little games here and there. It happens but it's just not at the core of what investing in bitcoin is all about. We invest in bitcoin because it can go from pennies to $100k a coin, not so a fund worth hundreds of millions can get a 2% margin on a million dollars by manipulating prices in a rare one-off auction event. It's just not the focus.
@_date: 2014-04-01 23:35:29
The idea would be that criminalizing CP would reduce demand for it to at least *some* extent and increase risk (due to having to actively supply a criminalized good), meaning profitability is reduced and risk is increased. The idea is that this would reduce incentives to produce CP in the first place, reducing the creation of it and thereby the act of children having sex (on camera). 
If that turns out not to mitigate CP at all but in fact have the opposite effect, I wouldn't personally be against posession or distribution of CP. I don't see the enjoyment of CP as something immoral, taste or preference in food, art or sex is not something we ought to punish no matter if it disgusts a majority of people, that's not relevant. But I think it's safe to assume that both the posession and distribution of CP being illegal means it's less prevalent than if both of these things were legal.
For drugs, I think we can assume the exact same thing. Drugs would likely be more prevalent and more used if distribution of it was completely legal. As posession of drugs and consumption of drugs is illegal, then I think we ought to be consistent in our law to reduce it by making the distribution of it also illegal. You can't be inconsistent and say posession is illegal for x reasons, but increasing posession by distrubiting it is not a problem. That's inconsistent. (again, that doesn't mean I agree that posession for x reasons is justified in the first place, just saying you either make both posession and distribution illegal, or both legal. You can't make posession illegal and distribution legal, that's silly.)
Now I'm not saying that drugs should be illegal. Again, I'm from Amsterdam and a lot of it is either legal or 'permitted'. (in that it's not always legal, but police officers will never search you and will ignore you if they see you having it. It's a strange thing... heh) and that's great, it works really well for us. But IF you do decide that it's illegal, it'd be absurd to not make distribution of it illegal, too, unless as you say, it'd have the opposite effect. But again, every shop/individual being allowed to distribute it would probably not have that opposite effect.
I wonder by the way, would you think it 'legal' if a 14 year old is sold heroine by some individual looking to make a profit because he hopes it'll help him cope with the angst of school bullying. Completely voluntary with no necessary victim or crime.
Anyway I agree with you, it's important to look at what is ethical. My perspective on this is that not all voluntary transactions are ethical at all which you explicitly stated. After which you said only forced transactions are unethical. You've already conceded that transactions involving film in which people are forced or abused is not ethical, as an exception to the rule that voluntary transactions are always ethical. Would you also add e.g. transactions to purchase a service of murder for hire, or transactions involving the purchase of highly dangerous drugs, weapons or explosives to unknown individuals (among which potentially young children, suicidal individuals, mentally unstable individuals) is also completely ethical, as long as it's voluntary?
I think the exceptions you might concede are reason for regulations on who is allowed to distribute or posess what, under which circumstances. e.g. a 12 year old can't purchase a gun, a 25 year old could, but he'd have to get training first, but not if he has a record of certain grave mental illness.) 
With drugs, I'd say the same regulation is important as to which types to which individuals under which circumstances by which parties may be distributed. I'd personally advocate these regulations to be *much* more lenient than they are today in the US for example, but not completely non-existant by saying it's voluntary, thus transact whatever to whoever by whoever you want.
Another thing I'm curious about, do you think taxes are unethical and should be abolished? 
Thanks for your post :)
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:19:58
Fair enough :) Apologies if I came across as crass
@_date: 2014-04-15 17:26:08
Not sure. I love bitcoin but with a few million global users, the probability of a current user having bitcoins is probably quite low.
It could be a significant boost to your userbase though (on Android, I wouldn't risk Apple). And if you're spending a lot on microtransactions, bitcoin could create big cost savings. For example, typical payment fees are 3% + 30 cents, on a $2 payment (request a spot), that's a big 15% fee. If you're exchanging money between people and take a small cut, then cutting out such big fees can be a huge booster to your profit margins.
In short, how much time do you have and how much time do you expect it to take, and what cost savings can you potentially generate with bitcoins or would it just be a marketing thing to attract a new userbase? Only you can answer most these questions. Feel free to push some info on us if you want us to help you decide. Atm we know too little.
And in general I'd just say, go for it. Unless you're really limited in dev time, it's trivially easy to present bitcoin payment options in a way that doesn't confuse your current users. You need some first-movers to just try uncertain things. Coinbase and Kraken for example, two industry leaders both started in 2011 before any regulation, before many users, at a price of $5 a bitcoin... Just do it.
edit: By the way, I wonder if it's illegal to charge for not occupying a public space. Ever had discussions about that internally? It feels like a bit of a shitty service because person A actually waits and occupies this space out of financial interest, for the other person to arrive to pay her, at which point she can leave. In other words, people occupy high value parking spaces longer than they need to, out of financial interest. I don't get why this is a good thing. If she had left right away, he would've found the space and paid nothing. A better and more moral business in my opinion would be, for her to broadcast she's leaving, and people who take that spot voluntarily paying her a tip, if it's still open by the time they arrive. Or, for her to broadcast she's leaving (or simply broadcasting she spotted open parking spaces), and for others to pay e.g. $1 to download information about free parking spaces in their area that were reported in the past 5 minutes. She'll get a percentage of this money. This prevents individuals monetizing public spaces and prevents individuals from hoarding places longer than they'd normally want to be there, out of financial interest.
@_date: 2014-06-25 23:21:31
Well it's important to separate future-valuations and fair-value.
Fair value would mean that a price from $500 to $5k would require roughly 10x more users/merchants/adoption/wallets etc in the bitcoin space. I don't see those growth rates happening at all within 6 months. Coinbase, BitPay etc, they seem to grow at roughly 10% per month. So 77% growth n 6 months from now will cause a roughly $1000 coin. But then some of that growth is 'empty' in the sense that they include in their 10% new wallets and merchants that have very little activity and don't cause actual adoption. That's why I use a more conservative $800.
Then there's future-value. If you study bitcoin it has some amazing properties and truly does have the potential to revolutionize various aspects of multiple industries. It can disrupt all of payments, all of remittance, some of finance (e.g. IPOs, shares, peer-to-peer lending, assurance contracts), some of legal &amp; notary matters (e.g. smart contracts, smart property, decentralized public registrars e.g. for home owners), it can monetize the web (microtransactions instead of advertising), it can build decentralized applications (e.g. distributed dropbox) and it can bring financial services to literally billions of unbanked people (e.g. secure, cheap payments &amp; value storage, crowdfunding of microfinance etc).
Given that potential on a worldwide, billion-user, multi-industry scale, it's very possible for bitcoin usage to scale by 100x or 1000x. (up from 1m mostly inactive users today) at which point a bitcoin will be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars each.
Whether that will happen is extremely uncertain. Much work has to be done, many hurdles overcome, both technical, legal, in terms of security, user-friendliness, on the economics side and ecosystem side of things.
If it were a certainty, then everyone would buy and the price would rise dramatically very quickly. But it's not. However, every 6 months we can be that much more certain. e.g. in 6 months we might see an ETF, we might see a bank using bitcoin, we might see a big bitcoin company doing huge volumes in remittance. If that happens, it's more reasonable to value bitcoin at $5k. So if some big news happens in the next 6 months, the future valuation of widespread adoption might become a more safer and surer bet, making a $5k coin a relatively cheap bet for a potential upside of hundreds of thousands of dollars.
That's the general idea. That news may very well come. SecondMarket is planning an exchange after the summer, multiple ETFs are in the works, there's lots of insiders talking about genuine wall street interest, various large companies like Paypal have said they're looking into bitcoin, VC investments of 2013 are showing results and new investments are following etc. And on average there's a crisis in some country every year, so a banking crisis can cause popularity of a global currency not-linked to banks to surge. So there's lots of reasons it could go to $5k, but I'm just really conservative. Because for 10 awesome news items, sadly we must expect a few negative ones, too. Within 6 months you might also see another big company fail, a bitcoin merchant stop accepting btc, government pressure or a 51% attack. It's impossible to predict.
So I think $800-1000 this year, $3k-5k at the end of next year. But who knows. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:24:24
Eh no the newspaper is not at all famous for that?
Try asking 100 people 'what is the Volkskrant famous for?'. I doubt you'll hear even one say 'understanding new developments'.
Perhaps news or media in general, but the Volkskrant specifically? No.
The other point you made, fully agree. Ideal + Debit here is cheap, frictionless and accessible to virtually everyone. And the fact that we have places like Bitonic and online places to spend bitcoin, makes it very unlikely to see ATMs or physical shops to see massive volumes.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:55:13
Well very few funds are actually necessary at any one point in time. So look at me for example, I spend about $60 of bitcoin to buy small items and food a month, that's $2 a day. But I actually have about $5000 of bitcoin. In other words, on a daily basis I can actually spend $100 a day (2% of my wealth) and they don't need to touch the cold storage. And if I spend bitcoin, I might actually sell it to another person at Circle. 
e.g. say I have $1000 in my bank account and $50 of that (50%) is in cold storage that I can't quickly access. If I spend $10 of money in my bank at a shop, the shop owner deposits it right back into his bank account.  This means I can actually spend the entire $1000 dollars by spending $10 100 times because everytime I take $10 out of the bank's 'hot wallet', the shop owner puts it back in there, meaning I never actually touch the money in the 'cold storage'.
Of course the chances Circle does this isn't as big. Coinbase can easily do this because many coinbase customers actually pay coinbase merchants.
Then there's simply this notion there's usually a certain amount of bitcoin coming in and going out. I might spend $10 in bitcoin, but at the same time someone might buy $10 of bitcoin. So it's internally settled and 98% of the bitcoin actually can stay in cold storage untouched.
So you can still have very small hot-wallets with Circle, too. Maybe every few days you need to replenish the 2% hot wallet. They probably have like 5% of cold-storage coins in a system requiring 3 signatures with keys that are in the bank across the office, with the other 95% of cold storage keys requiring say keys from 6 people in 6 different cities, for example. But generally with smart algorithms it's pretty easy to manage. Coinbase has been doing this for about 2 years with about 2% rates.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:36:43
crazy this just happened... I just can't fathom how a security company could not have educated their employees about this basic shit.
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:28:44
I always pay below 0.2% fees, not 2%. So on $1000 that's a $20-30 savings.
That's not actually something that hugely excites me personally, but for merchants it is very interesting. For example, ecommerce giant Amazon had 0.35% profit margins in 2013. So saving just 1% in fees would triple their profits. There's entire industries like retail or supermarkets or airlines that have thin margins, like 2-4% where it's a really big deal.
Besides this there's remittance where you pay on average roughly 10% to send money back home, say Indian workers in London sending back money to say Kerala, India to pay for medical treatment for family back home. Those fees are absolutely huge and they're generally withheld from some of the poorest groups of people on earth.
Bitcoin has many interesting facets, cost is just one of them. But if you live in Europe for example or any other OECD country, saving 2% on a cup of coffee isn't a very interesting prospect, that's absolutely true.
@_date: 2014-08-24 15:48:33
As far as I know he didn't walk away from SM, he's still heavily involved, but they have separated SM from its bitcoin activities. Reason being? Who knows, can you give me a reason you don't want to run that under the SM umbrella? Well I'll give you one, SM, a wall street favorite of 10 years old had its banking relationship ended over bitcoin a short while back. Can you imagine? A billion dollar wall street client gets its bank account closed.
So yes Barry is obviously a big proponent and bitcoin enthusiast and I love that, but his recent move to separate it from SM etc for me is more negative than positive. I'd have rather seen them be able to keep that under the SM umbrella and leverage that brand. This was more of a political necessity than a great business decision.
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:20:26
Sure if you put the child's DNA on the blockchain, you now have proof of a minimum age of that person. You don't know he wasn't born earlier, though, I'm not sure how you'd be able to prove that.
(e.g. if you take a picture holding a newspaper, you can't prove that's a picture of a 1 year old newspaper made a year after the newspaper came out).
What you could do is actually get PGP keys and distribute them to a select few 'children notaries'. They will then sign a hash of the child's DNA and his birth certificate with their key. This means it's impossible to forge and because it's in the blockchain it's extremely redundant (in that it's saved on thousands of distributed computers).
I guess it might be an interesting thing to do in third world countries if you build an SMS based reporting service and distribute PGP keys + training to village elders. But I'd be really skeptical it'd be a good solution to be honest :p
@_date: 2014-05-15 08:17:44
Any source for this? I don't know exactly where the bulk of their revenue &amp; profits comes from, but it's pretty clear... if you use a creditcard with paypal, the fees are in the CC tx, no escrow involved. If you use Paypal to convert currency I pay the worst rate ever, I do it every month in my business, and it happens automatically on international payments. Lastly, if I sell digital products where no escrow is involved at all, I still pay 3.4% for my transaction, I do this too literally all the time.
All of those things don't involve escrow at all and can be radically cheaper with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:50:23
Then what are these sanctions? Because the question was 'physical destruction of the mining equipment', e.g. setting it on fire or some equivalent and you agreed with that.
When I said 'if you have to put their equipment on fire, it has failed' you said 'I disagree'. So what did you mean? The OP's question is about physical destruction, not about some kind of economic or social boycott, some kind of community protest, it's not about miners pulling out of the pool voluntarily. He was specifically describing a situation where voluntary action doesn't work and whether physical destruction would happen and you seemed to have agreed with that course of action.
@_date: 2014-04-22 19:34:42
Indeed, the last paragraph is damning but the author severely conflicted multiple different points. Remember, the title is why an ETF is a bad idea, not why the Winklevoss ETF is a bad idea. Then the article starts and literally states that people are unaware of why an ETF is a bad idea, and then states it will provide reasons for this. The author consistently references to the concept of an ETF being a bad idea, and then concludes with an example of one ETF. It's like saying exchanges are a bad idea, because Mt. Gox. It's a bit of a weird article that makes little sense to me for these reasons.
@_date: 2014-06-07 23:59:37
Yeah that's exciting, but it's also a bit like talking about bitcoin in 1990. Yes, the internet will allow a global currency, but it takes a ton of hard work and research and failed experiments before we get even close. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:22:58
Let them know. Businesses listen to customers, and blockchain.info seems like a good bunch of people. We can't force them, but the dialogue might help.
I've got nothing against their busines, I use it quite a lot. But when one company holds power over domain names of two key terminologies (bitcoin &amp; blockchain), that's confusing, especially because bitcoin is completely internet-based and when 90% of the world population would struggle to explain what bitcoin really is. We really need for the key gateways on the internet regarding bitcoin (e.g. bitcoin.com, blockchain.com) to be educational, open, community-oriented (community-based is hard, but making an effort to represent the community and larger ecosystem isn't). 
We don't need people to confuse it with a single company. Which frankly scares off people in my opinion. Blockchain.info starts with a homepage exclusively showing cryptographic keys and mined blocks. That's not a place you want to send people for the first time, nor the place you want your wallets to be at for new users. Zeroblock looks like the cliche hacker IDEs you see on TV.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:21:04
Nice, just added. Has an okay news feed, too.
Would be nice if they'd offer long-term charts as well as other currency (euro?) denominations.
@_date: 2014-03-08 18:34:22
@_date: 2014-05-19 12:45:22
No. But it's not looked upon favorably. There's actually very little official word and most information has been kept intentionally vague allowing the government to easily change policies if and when necessary.
It may be compared to weed in the US. In some states it's entirely legal now, but companies can't sell it to you because credit card companies and banks don't service weed selling companies. It's not the same as with bitcoin but it's easy to see parallels. Bitcoin is legal for individuals to use and send and hold, but banks are not servicing bitcoin exchanges anymore, so it's very difficult to obtain bitcoin.
In other words, not illegal de jure, but China is de facto clamping down on bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-22 09:44:29
I've been saying this for a while. Bitcoin brings privacy (not anonimity) for ordinary use. But if you're using it to finance terrorism, the relevant three letters authorities will know just as much as if you'd been planning it via private email accounts.
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:33:19
Is this as amazing as it looks? You posted this very casually, but it looks awesome...
@_date: 2014-05-09 11:25:07


But you make it sound like their cost is $10 and half the seats are free and won't be taken and they arbitrarily ask $500 just so they can exclude everyday joes. That's just an absolutely ridiculous scenario, I'm sorry.
I don't feel scared away myself at all. If I wanted to start a bitcoin business, paying a few hundred for businesses expenses for the most significant conference (networking opportunity) in the world for bitcoin is an easy decision. But if I'm not starting a business or need any personal involvement, I might as well watch everything completely for free from the comfort of my home, at my own leisure. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:48:22
Yup, but the odds of finding such a pair is insanely small.
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:39:18
The one thing that worries me is this, I would be happy to get some answers :D
2% creditcard fees actually don't go into the transactions itself, which is what bitcoin could 'replace', right? They go into things like insurance for customers against fraud. I think most of us would be quite happy to pay 2% more if it meant their bitcoin purchases would be 100% secure and could be easily obtained at no cost, like creditcard credit is if you used it with debit like you'd finance your bitcoin with debit.
At the end of the day, a payment processor can't be free and can't really stay below 1% fees. What a lot of people haven't heard is that payment processors are currently either not profitable or have business models based on (the finite) appreciation of bitcoins. You just can't run a company with millions of users that has to secure highly valuable assets in consumer-operated wallets and offer merchant services to hundreds of thousands of companies and offer customer support, legal compliance and tech support to all of them for free. That's mostly where the 2% fees of creditcards go to.
If, on top of these payment processing fees you add the fees of obtaining &amp; holding bitcoin. (e.g. wire transfer fees to exchanges, 8% ATM fees for obtaining bitcoin, and x % risk exposure to losing 100% of funds to theft) it's hard to see how bitcoin is cheaper than 2% creditcard fees, let alone debit/cash payments. Remittance is easy to beat, but the rest?
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:43:41
I'm generally a big skeptic when it comes to bitcoin predictions. But I think this makes quite a bit of sense. 
Look at home telephone lines and how quickly mobile phones replaced it? None of my friends have a home line anymore, not even my parents anymore after 50 years. And if I go to Africa, I don't know anyone who has a home line, everyone is mobile, featurephone or smartphone.
Look at the discman and see how quickly that was replaced with MP3 players, ipods. Then look at how quickly those were replaced with smartphones.
There's loads of such examples where, within a span of 5 years, the world completely changes. A 30year timeframe for payments to move from plastic cards to happening through software on an always-there devide (e.g. smartphone or smartwatch or smart glasses) is for me super obvious. It's not a certainty, no, but it makes a ton of sense.
One big reason for this, too, is that much of the emerging markets aren't too big on creditcards. That's not a big thing in Africa for example, and they'll probably skip over that completely, who needs a debitcard in Kenya when you have mpesa?
This idea of plastic cards with your entire password printed on it in clear sight, that must be then plugged into archaic password scanning hardware that costs you 3% and exposes you to chargeback fraud and the consumer to identity theft, is not something I think can survive for 30 years. 
The credit-element can on the other hand be transported to any new system and will likely remain popular for all of human history :p
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:11:56
Great question. Theoretically, they can't, they'd have bank accounts linked to their name and at least some set of people would know them in the case of a criminal investigation. But let's not forget, small banks in corrupt countries can be manipulated to service people doing business under a false identity, it's easy to imagine. This is not an issue for them particularly when said business can simply walk away from its fiat at any point, knowing it has hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin.
It's about time people switch en masse to another exchange. Sadly, there aren't a huge amount of exchanges with a long history and good reputation to go to. It's about time a VC-funded exchange steps into the game.
The irony? All governments warn of bitcoin risks with companies like Mt. Gox. If only they provided clear guidance and regulatory clearance, a regulated, transparent, VC-funded US-based professional exchange would be up and running in half a year. The only reason it doesn't exist is because of regulatory ambiguity, nobody wants to get near this thing with any real investments, it's too risky. Look at Bitinstant/Charlie Shrem, arrested for 3 degrees of separation to an alledged purchase of some drugs.
@_date: 2014-04-12 09:46:26
Exactly. So arguing against bitcoin due to it being deflationary, without knowing or taking into account bitcoin is more than that, misses the point. As long as bitcoin holds value (e.g. as a gold-like digital, more liquid, more accesible store of value) then bitcoin can be used for smart contracts, smart property, voting, stocks etc, without being a currency at all.
@_date: 2014-04-02 01:11:58
There are plenty of reports of very large organized networks of paedophiles. For example, this new york times article noted it to be a $20 billion industry: 
Now I don't know how big it is or if the figures are correct, but I think it's clear you'd be a fool to assume there is no market at all for CP. What leads you to make this assumption? There are obviously reports for a demand for it from paedophiles and it's easier to distribute illegally than drugs or weapons. To assume a market doesn't exist is naive.
As for assuming criminalizing drugs would reduce drug users, I didn't say that. I said that when drug posession &amp; consumption is already illegal, it's likely more people will actually use drugs if distribution is legal as opposed to illegal. Don't put words in my mouth.
With that covering all your apparent criticisms, I don't quite see how this would be the biggest pile of bullshit you've ever skimmed. But then, perhaps if you'd read more carefully, or took your own advice to google before you post, you would've have had to go through this shittiest-ever ordeal.
@_date: 2014-07-20 13:39:54
Yes, yes. But on older phones, it can be a bit slow. On a nexus 5 or something though, a properly built HTML5 wallet is not much different from a native wallet. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 02:23:35
Completely agree CoinBroker, although I'm not sure how it was relevant to anything that was said here!
While I agree with you on a theoretical level, it's just extremely far away. You've mentioned the order of magnitude Bitcoin would need to scale to (trillions of dollars). Consider Bitcoin's limit of ~6 million transactions per day, it's laughable. Starbucks, a single company out of millions of businesses worldwide, handles more transactions than that per day (let alone at its peek hours). The current Bitcoin protocol could 100% dedicated to 1 company's payments would not be sufficient. We don't need to talk about M1 or M2 if there is a programmatic cap to Bitcoin that isn't enough to cover a single multinational chain.
I'm incredibly optimistic about Bitcoin, and while I love a theoretical, long-term discussion, replacing a national currency or multitudes of them as a world currency is extremely far off on so many levels, both technical, economic, political and even cultural. It's not the most relevant discussion at this point I think.
@_date: 2014-12-16 18:03:49
It's crazy. I can give someone a dollar, I can give someone a cookie, I can give someone a letter or send it by email, and never does this involve anything else. but if I happen to want to send a DIGITAL dollar to a friend who wants to buy a cookie I now need to record my name, my address, my ip address, the same information of my friend who is a party to the transaction, other identifiable information about me and him, as well as a country of destination and this list isn't even conclusive.
What the hell? I mean you can't even transfer a penny anywhere without registering your home address somewhere and having someone store that, hell it sounds silly but you couldn't even send a penny if you didn't have a registered home like billions on this planet have no proof of residency, and millions in the US don't. 
And again, it has nothing to do with the act of sending money. It's as arbitrary as having a US government official standing at a Starbucks checkout and saying 'oh you're paying with cash? No problem, let me just note down your home address, your full name and origin of your cash, and you'll be on your way' for every.single.transaction. And if you say no, I just want to hand over this cash for my coffee, they'll store a picture of your face for investigation, as that's suspicious, and you ain't getting your coffee either, of course. It's ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-10-14 23:56:12
They did lie about it. Acquisition is not am ambiguous term, in common English it refers to acquiring or buying something. In business English, e.g. in the sphere of investors, it refers to acquiring ownership.
There's absolutely no term 'acquisition' used in common or business English that refers to 'change of management without a change of ownership'. A new CEO or some new employees in and of itself is not an acquisition. 
Now this isn't some 'mistake', any idiot knows this, meaning they intentionally misled people. 
Does it matter? Not really. You tend to trust people a bit more if they have skin in the game. (without it there's all kinds of nasty governance / agency problems). But I doubt it'd have mattered much, it's not that big of a deal. It's really more indicative of the fact they're bullshit artists in a more broader sense, as when you put it next to a whole array of other shady things, it all adds up to one giant red flag.
@_date: 2014-03-15 16:04:08
If you look at the numbers published by blockchain, coinbase and various wallet providers, I'd say there are at least 5 million bitcoin owners and probably possibly up to 10 million at the moment.
It also appears that more than half of those users arrived in the last six months, pretty interesting.
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:53:53
Bitpay is about to post some big news, probably the $30m they raised together with some stories about their growth rate (3x per year), their team (pretty much doubled in a few months), their new offices (NYC, San Fran, Amsterdam), some new partners and future plans. I think that should be exciting, although 1000+ comments might be tricky.
Last month Fred Ersham spoke about another massive retailer accepting bitcoin. We had Overstock (1b revenue per year) and then Tigerdirect (1.8b). Both Bitpay and Coinbase said they expected a number of other billion-dollar retailers to join. Fred estimated the first one at mid-year (June), and these things can take weeks or months to set up, so it's likely he said this because they're talking with companies. That might be exciting.
The biggest ever bitcoin conference is happening this week. Will probably hear some cool new things.
I think Circle might launch after the summer, right? 
Also I think the SecondMarket exchange might launch in Q4 this year, too.
It's probable we'll get some closure on Mt. Gox at some point. A buyout is certainly possible and might be finished by the end of the year, and maybe we'll get some more insight as to whether the coins were stolen, keys missing, coins seized etc.
I think those are some big near-certainties. Other than this it's extremely likely we'll continue hearing stories on partnerships, banks looking at bitcoin, the Winklevi ETF, regulatory progress, ATMs rolling out everywhere, celebrities commenting on bitcoin etc. But nothing very specific.
@_date: 2014-09-03 20:06:58
First of all, you lost the last part of my post on how it doesn't matter if you're insured, because someone is paying for it. And as customers are the only source of income that means you are paying for it.
In simple terms, if you provide a service for $10 and it costs you $9 to provide, that's a dollar of profit. If you then add insurance as a service, and your costs go to $11, you don't continue charging $10, you now charge $12, your profit is still $1. 
Any insurance service is therefore paid for by you and I, the customers. And so whenever someones money gets stolen, I pay, too. Again as I mentioned, this introduces all kinds of agency problems, such as fraudulent claims of stolen money as you get it back anyway, might as well spend it and say it wasn't you, or carelessness due to the idea that someone will bail you out as you're insured. And again, in every case, we all pay.
That's a broken system.
As for the security measures, they're pathetic. The whole point is that the 3 digit security number is just an extension of your regular creditcard number, which you have to provide to anyone you want to pay. Again, a broken system. Pay 1000 shops? You must provide your details 1000 times, with which they can, without your approval, steal money.
If you don't think it's a big problem, just look at the numbers. About 37% of people in the US are affected by creditcard fraud in the past 5 years. Annually it costs well over $10 billion dollars. In 2005 the data of 40m creditcards were stolen in one breach alone, in 2006 well over 100m for example, this year Target had 110m customer's details stolen. Online revenue lost to fraud sits at about 1% and the numbers in the billions of dollars lost in online revenue has only grown every year the past decade except two during the crisis etc etc.
And again, even if security was good, why settle for less? Why not prefer it to be better. This notion of having to give the info on your creditcard to pay and then hope they don't take more (because they can, they have your creditcard info after all), is ridiculously archaic and it literally stems from the 1940s. It's ready for an alternative.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:41:12
Actually I got the keychain argument from Andreas Antonopolous. You can't get much more anti-bank than him. He calls the whole idea of 'wallets' stupid and says they're keychains. I agree on a technical level with him, although I personally think on a mainstream-adoption level it's a good word to use.
What's creepy for me is that I've been called a shill a few times, while I've never even met someone who owns bitcoin, let alone worked with or for one. It reminds me of Mike Hearn's comments on bitcoin protocol development grinding to a complete halt. The reason he says? Nobody wants to work on the protocol because it's so political, and every suggestion you make gets shot down with toxicity and accusations of shilling and working for the government and the banks and whatnot. So most core developers just work on the bitcoin client and almost nobody works on the protocol anymore. 
And you're doing just that, accusing me of being a shill and that I get my talking points from big companies, when in fact I got it from the most anti-bank person in the bitcoin space. It's a joke. I'm anonymous, but I can imagine I'd shut my mouth if my name was known given how people have responded on reddit, the forums etc. People like Mike get so much shit, and hell I don't even agree with Mike half of the time, but all this conspiracy bs 'you work for so and so' is tiresome.
edit: can't find the video where he said it but here's a post of another dude saying the same:
@_date: 2014-06-19 11:55:06
Man you're delusional.
They branded this bowl as bitcoin, not Bitpay. There's no way to confuse the two anymore than any two other companies with the name 'bit' or 'coin' in them (and there are many)
Their bitcore software is open-source, it's released under the MIT license. Let me quote you what that means:


If you think they're trying to fuck people over by blurring lines, this is probably the worst way to do it.


Bitcoin doesn't have a logo, there's no official authority or even unofficial authority to produce a 'bitcoin' logo. The only unofficial bitcoin logo is the 'B' and there are multiple of them, and it can't be confused with bitpay in any way.
As for bitpay's logo, it's in the font ubuntu, the famous most popular open-source version of Linux, arguably the most famous open-source project in the history of software.
But just answer me this, as a bitcoin user, would you rather have them promote BitPay instead of bitcoin at this point? If so, I think you're wrong.
@_date: 2014-04-09 13:35:58
I just explained two things
1) There is a road towards self-reliance. Just like a bank borrowing you money to start a business, you can do exactly the same for a poor person on a smaller scale. Check out kiva.org for example, there are many success stories. 
It's not perfect (just like some businesses in the US go bankrupt and don't repay loans) but we're talking about enterprising humans just like you and I. Many of them ask for help or would love to receive help. You have a choice to help them, that's your decision. But you can't say that they don't have a reason to live or that it's a waste of money, that's not your decision to make. You can decide what you do with your money, you can't decide how important an improved life is to someone living in abject poverty, you can't even begin to imagine.
2) Most people alive are self-reliant in terms of their sustenance. That doesn't mean their lives can't be improved. You can't decide that their lives musn't be improved or aren't worth improving, it's simply not up to you. If someone is in pain but wants to live, who are you to reject the relief of that pain, even if it's not permanent, even if that person doesn't become the next bill gates. Who cares? When you're in a hospital and have 6 months to live and feel moderate pain everyday, would you tell your parents and friends and the hospital to let you rot in the streets and starve to death? No, you and others will spend money on relieving you of your pain and improving your life, as limited as it may be in time or pleasure.


Feel free to kill yourself if you only want to live if there is a purpose, because there is no purpose to life. But unlike that view, most people very much like to live for whatever reason even without any purpose, even if it's only for 6 months and even if you can only have one meal a day, most people find such a life worth living. None of us would be here today if 15.000 years ago nobody would find their limited lives worth living. You can't make that decision for other people. If someone really didn't want to live, they'd kill themselves or reject your aid. But if you offer aid and someone takes it, obviously they decided they wanted to live or improve their lives. You can't decide for them what they should or shouldn't want. You can only decide not to help those who want help, but I personally think that's clearly immoral.
Reducing birth rates is a consequence of increasing wealth, not the other way around. It's a very common misconception. 
There are many many papers, studies and books written that denounce the malthusian notions of overpopulation causing poverty. A quick, kid-friendly introduction can be found here for example:
I'm genuinly curious. Could you briefly describe yourself (e.g. age, interests, educational background, affluency) and how you got to gain the views and opinions you hold? Did you study international development economics or anything similar? Thanks.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:20:37
This feels like a very random post. Could you let me know why this was a response to anything I said?
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:34:43
No shit brother. :P 
Any answer to my question though? If ATM industry-average fees are 7%, I don't think they have a chance of disrupting e.g. Western Union or anything else for that matter. 
Don't forget, there are two-way ATMs now, meaning you can both buy and sell bitcoin. If you pay 7% to buy bitcoin, then send it, and then the receiver has to pay 7% to cash it out, people will continue to use WU and the like.
@_date: 2014-06-05 12:55:56
Yeah he's owned bitcoin for quite a few months now afaik.
@_date: 2014-06-16 19:55:17
Holy fucking shit. Coinbase... Dish, reeds, expedia and now Digital River... you're a boss
@_date: 2014-06-30 21:20:47
You're either an idiot or gave this no more than 1 second of thought and came up with a mistaken thought...
@_date: 2014-06-28 20:32:15
Great. This is one of the few companies in the space that are delivering a real usecase with a significant improvement to the competition. Looking forward to see how this goes, on paper they've got what it takes to disrupt a massive $2b remittance corridor (world to Kenya) with at least 2x cheaper fees. That's quite significant.
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:08:16
Perhaps, but you don't open say this.
Especially not when your product for which YOU are the Chief Technical Officer, was hacked and lost tons of bitcoin. That's a time to be humble and not call any critic or customer or anyone in public a whiny punk bitch.
At least not if you want my business. I don't know about anyone else...
@_date: 2014-06-09 13:37:30
These are probably the first to go. Dollar to Euro for example has such low fees now, I can literally have someone send me bitcoin and cash out through kraken at 0.2% fees and 0 withdrawal fees.
And it's not just OECD countries, Bitpesa offers a 3% rate for bitcoin to KES. With such cost savings it only requires time for people to adopt it, especially in places where money is needed most.
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:25:25


Absolutely! In fact, quite a few people are saying bitcoin might not be that revolutionary in OECD countries. For example, the difference paying with cash or with plastic, versus paying with your phone is a little bit more trivial than most are willing to admit. There's a lot more to it, but at the end of the day friction in my daily life is pretty low. Whereas moving money in/out of Africa as I have a few times was a pretty big hassle, and I met many people along the way with no access to banking, yet had a phone and a local internet cafe.
It's a little bit tricky though. As bill gates once said, there's more money going into baldness drugs than into curing malaria. This is actually true. The reason of course being that, stereo-typically, affluent white males are willing to fork over money to stop baldness, whereas those suffering from malaria haven't the luxury to do the same to stop malaria. Even if problems and friction exists more in certain places, paradoxically it's also less likely to get fixed. Or in other words, the reason why there's friction is the same reason why it's not easy or expected for bitcoin to take hold, because building sophisticated financial systems requires a lot of resources. Human capital, financial capital, a lack of corruption, a straightforward regulatory framework as well as reliable platforms and infrastructure to built ontop of. (e.g. electricity, internet.). For example, if you want to build a business in Malawi, you have to know that the country faces 63 days of power outages in any given year. That's absolutely brutal. Just think of running a server, or refrigerating foodstuffs or medicine, or running a manufacturing plant. 
The awesome thing about bitcoin is that while it 'runs' on the internet, it actually just runs on math which can be ran on offline computers running on a battery, such as a mobile phone of course! You can have a wallet and sign transactions completely offline. You only need to interface with the network at some point, e.g. by using SMS to instruct a networked-phone to propagate your transaction to the bitcoin network. So there's a lot of redundancy possible. But you still need solid businesses to facilitate all of this. But because bitcoin is digital and programmable, it should be pretty easy to deploy software over and over again. Microsoft Windows for computers in Africa didn't require any additional investments, for example. So I think bitcoin can be a huge success but there's a lot of tricky challenges people tend not to talk about much. (e.g. I read a paper a while ago saying Western Union fees were insensitive to competition because a big part came from regulatory/fiscal responsibilities that are out of their control. Such costs are hard to legally avoid for bitcoin.)


Absolutely! :)
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:59:54
Yes, you could. The private key is the only thing you need.
From the private key you can derive the public key and from that the public address. That means you only need to save the private key.
Wallets aren't actually wallets, they're actually keychains (files that store multiple keys) of private keys. So a wallet can have multiple keys.
Any decent wallet allows you to import private keys. Some like blockchain.info add the keys to your wallet keychain. Some like Coinbase actually sweep the funds (they take the key, then take the bitcoin funds from there, and put them in your Coinbase wallet).
@_date: 2014-04-15 13:04:11
Scrum/agile doesn't work that well with trello. At least, Trello can be a great back-end, but if you're doing daily scrum meetings, you want to have people standing up, speaking up, the whole team together. Arguably you could put up a huge screen with trello, but I think this works better. (traditional scrum meetings are generally seen as extremely effective and productive, it's something that came purely out of the world of software, and for software developers to step away from screens or software-based solutions to project management, it must have merit).
But yeah, love trello
@_date: 2014-07-01 09:05:45
For me safe was always the absence of danger, a place that's safe is a place where one can't be harmed. 
Secure for me is a place where there's danger, but you're secure for some reason, e.g. because you're wearing body armor. So you can be secure in dangerous environments. But you can't be safe in a dangerous environment, for me that's an oxymoron if I'd have to think about it.
@_date: 2014-04-20 19:26:22
Indeed, that may actually be quite important. There's a lot of different currency values (e.g. the top 3 economies have a value relation of very roughly 1:10:100) but they all err on the side of numbers being too big rather than too small, in that everything more expensive than a bottle of water generally falls above '1' currency.
So I quite like this idea. But again I think timing might be a too soon. And I'm also not sure about 'bit', as it doesn't refer to bitcoin explicitly, most mainstream audiences have been conditioned to associate 'bit' with filesize, and it may even come to refer to other cryptocurrencies. I'm also a bit concerned about misleading prices at some point, when bits becomes commonly used, you'll see prices as Ƀ500, and it's not clear anymore if bitcoins or bitcoin bits are meant. (although the risk isn't big considering there's 1000x value difference, it's easy to spot whether the merchant refers to bits or bitcoin when it says Ƀ500 and nothing else when it's a cup of coffee, but it'll be tried nonetheless).
Remember, in all of this, this is what we have to deal with :p
 (it goes on for 30min and 6 different people)
@_date: 2014-04-16 21:36:11
It's not an exchange service, it's a brokerage service. That means liquidity still goes through places like Bitstamp and you can't hook up an ATM or a payment processor like Bitpay to the SecondMarket service like you would with an exchange.
Great news, but still not an exchange.
@_date: 2014-05-15 17:33:42
lol, I used to work in this place..
@_date: 2014-10-28 03:12:44
Chris is right on this one. It doesn't matter how liquid your liabilities are, if you don't have full reserves, you don't have full reserves. It's that simple.
Frankly I think the intentions are quite honest and the risk is rather low for customers, but that doesn't mean we can stretch the meaning of plain words like 'full reserve' to be 'fractional reserve invested with little default risk and a large fraction of investments to be liquid enough to quickly pay users when they want to use their money'. 
It's important to be really precise on this particularly as it's such a hot topic in our ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:43:37
I don't understand exactly where the fees come from? Can you walk me through?
For example: 
Operator has $20k at Bitstamp to cover daily sourcing.
Customer puts $500 into ATM. I use $500 on my Bitstamp account to buy e.g. 1 btc and give it to him.
Happens over and over again for about $5k per day.
Three days later I go to the ATM and take out $15k. I then go to my bank and deposit it. I certainly don't pay $750 to make a 15k deposit? I run a business myself, I get nowhere near such fees. I then make a wire transfer. (I do SEPA transfers to Kraken all the time, costs me 0%, in fact SEPA transactions by law may not be subject to higher fees than national transactions. It's a EU only thing of course.)
That's pretty much the entire process for a one-way ATM. Again, I don't quite see where the fees come from. Can you walk me through and (if possible with a source, e.g. a bank's fee structure) at each point where costs are made, state how much they are.
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:23:00


I fail to understand though why this matters. If, as you say, bitcoin's blockchain and ecosystem give rise to authorities being able to identify who owned what bitcoin at which time, this means that any illicit use before or after my owning a certain bitcoin is something I can't be held accountable for.
I see what you're saying but I don't understand the point of what you're saying. Can you walk me through it again why you personally wouldn't want to hold bitcoin (or hypothetically registrable cash for that matter) that was once held by the FBI?
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:05:33


Well, not really, HTML5 apps by definition run into a browser. HTML is the language of the browser. 
But the browser can mean a lot of things. It's a bit of a semantical issue I guess. In short, you can have browsers where you don't know it's a browser, where there's no browser controls and it's simply a full-screen app. These can definitely run smoothly and look good and have local store and remember your login, especially easy when wrapped, but even without, and especially when WebGL isn't intentionally cut off by the OS, which isn't a problem on various android devices.
As for what's possible in a browser, just about anything. You can run 2d and 3d games in a browser, powered by HTML5, without any plugins or whatever, that can run on your PC or your phone.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:27:40
To be honest, TED kind of ruined itself for me. The amount of pseudoscience I see on there nowadays just sucks. As well as all these inspirational immigrant feel-good stories with some extremely vague conclusion that's never spoken out, they're tiresome, too (and I'm an immigrant). And then there's the censorship of anything too political, which I partially understand, but it's just one big feel-good platform nowadays... and don't get me started on the clickbait. I'll see a topic title I'm interested in, manage to sit through the naive-cliche crap about how the world is this and that and humans are this and that and we all ought to do this and that, and then the title of the video just never seems to arrive.
And then there's all the filler. How to tie your shoes. How I became a yoyo master. How to use a power towel. Playing invisible turn tables. 
Ugh. I'm not usually a big cynic and I've seen a lot of great TED talks. But I just can't bother anymore nowadays. The cool thing about TED in the early-ish days was it curated content very well. Lots of ideas out there, chose a few, tight presentation, good stuff. Now there's lots of ideas, chose a lot, and you know there's gonna be a lot of crap to sift through.
ANYWAY, good stuff. Glad to see a video on bitcoin outside of bitcoin conferences that mostly only attracts people who already believe in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-30 14:39:55
So bitcoin is a protocol, that's more like a blueprint, a design, an idea, a concept. You could implement the bitcoin protocol using pen and paper if you wanted. Computer code is just a way to make it run fast and easy.
My point is that it's not restricted to one particular programming language or app. You can implement it in any language in theory.
Most work is generally done on Bitcoin Core which is in C++. Beyond that, the usual suspects see implementations happen, popular programming languages like Python and Java.
Beyond that, javascript is arguably the most 'popular' programming language in the world, just generally speaking. e.g. most projects on github are JS projects. NodeJS is awesome on the backend and like Java and Python, there's a lot of libraries and legwork done for you already. (e.g. bitcoinj, bitcore etc).
What to study? Well it depends what you want to do. Protocol level development is more about computer science research than actual coding imo. You'll mostly be working with various theories, writing papers. e.g. Bloom filters arises out of language-agnostic research.
If you want to work on apps like wallets, you have to consider the backend and the frontend (like for most projects). Roughly speaking the backend is server-side stuff. Facebook for example runs on the server, it processes all your behavior. If you 'like' a page, it's registered on the server. The frontend happens in the browser, if you like a page you do this behavior in the browser, the server sees it, registers the like. Then when friends run FB in their browser, they'll get a message from the server saying you liked something. Roughly speaking the backend is where a lot of the architecture and computation happens, the front-end is where the pretty user interfaces happen. Back is slightly more 'codey', and front is slightly more 'designey', but it's more subtle than that.
I'd say not many people start out with the backend. Usually you start with making very simple frontend apps that don't even require a backend. Like a calculator app. Then you add some backend server tech to it (like the ability to save calculations on a server (in the cloud), and load them up on another device). And then some people switch to backend dev if they like that experience.
So I'd start with Javascript. Popular, easy, pretty powerful too, employable, and lets you build bitcoin apps from day one. Then move to NodeJS for backend stuff. With things like Phonegap (+ AngularJS, Ionic, etc) you can easily build apps with JS for iOS and Android.
If you enjoy it, along the way you'll have learned something about the protocol and about the pros n cons of Python, Java, C++ etc. But Javascript to me is a powerful, yet beginner-friendly, massively popular, truly cross-platform language.
If you're saying 'I just want to do iOS' and nothing else, jump in with Objective C. For Android it'll be Java.
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:31:08


I'm glad :D


I'm not calling people fuckers or a prick, at least! I made my previous comment in jest, by the way.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:04:55
Yeah I think it'd be awesome. I think for now, it makes sense for someone to simply build an academic repository of links to articles (without peer review). If that gains a substantial amount of articles and interest, I think it makes sense to set up a peer-reviewed journal.
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:10:50
Absolutely. I've been very tempted the past 5 months or so to buy, sub $500 that felt cheap, sub $400 that felt cheap. The past week it was on my mind again, $375? Nice price. 
But over and over again I conclude that I'm happy with my buy-in, my risk exposure, and that I'd rather keep some of my savings in a low volatility fiat denomination. 
Of course I've earned some money in the past half year so there's room to buy in a bit more that I can afford to lose, but I think it's really important to be cautious.
February was a great life lesson, and looking back at the summer while we saw 'cheap coins', I'm really glad I didn't need to hear that lesson again.
@_date: 2014-07-16 12:41:07
Well not really. The safe can be opened. But try generating the exact same 2^256 bit number. I'm sure in the year 5000000000 trillion they'll have a time machine to go back and let me know you were successful :p 
Of course, it is useless in the sense that, the second that money moves, the person becomes liable once more. But hypothetically, a criminal may be cleared of charges or taxes, then flee, and then start accessing the money again.
@_date: 2014-11-25 16:27:38
The blockchain is not unique to bitcoin anymore. That's the point: there could be another cryptocurrency better than bitcoin which will use the blockchain concept, which is very likely to stay relevant for a long time to come, meaning bitcoin specifically could fail but the blockchain will likely become an important concept in the next 10-20 years.
Whether that's likely? I don't think so. Bitcoin has so much momentum and it's still dynamic, still being developed and improving, I don't see any other cryptocurrency displacing it anytime soon. But sure, it's possible.
But the blockchain without any cryptocurrency? No, the concept of the blockchain is based on an incentive structure which requires there to be a token that has value: the cryptocurrency. Removing this token would pretty much alter the concept of a blockchain to the extent you should probably start to call the whole thing something completely other than a cryptocurrency powered blockchain.
@_date: 2014-08-20 12:47:08
Would've bought one for a buddy of mine if it shipped to Europe...
but it's unavailable here, and it's $400 instead either way in euros/bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:45:08
Eh, no the number is about 20 billion times larger. So for every 1 public  address he thought there was, there are actually 20 billion public addresses. That's not close at all, it's a MASSIVE difference. If you think 1 to 20 billion is 'close', then you're an idiot, or you're just kidding, I don't know which :)
@_date: 2014-06-25 21:37:25
This looks pretty scammy or at least unprofessional.
Talks about a partnership with a BitCoin (capital C?) company, but doesn't mention it? That's what you do in a press release, you toot every horn you have.
Net Cents's website is crap, is hard to find in google. No history on it at all, no buzz at all. When you press 'get started' they link you to another website which still has placeholder graphics like 'feature item here' from your average website template. Strange for a company proclaimed to have launched in 2006.
It mentions the awesome company overt sock accepting bitcoin. Give me a break. Typos in a press release. And then later some companies that don't take bitcoin, only indirectly through gift cards you can buy with bitcoin.
Don't trust this.
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:24:29
Which would be pretty scary because of how much value bitcoin has. You'd still get $100m being transferred on the system every day, yet the miners only make a few thousand dollars on fees and stop mining. At that point it's comparatively cheap to buy say $100k of (old) mining power to defraud $100m of daily transactions and try to run away with a million dollars.
The notion that bitcoin has to scale is because we want to keep the same network security. Right now it costs a lot to get 50%, and you probably can't make much profit by taking a huge risk.
If you don't scale up, you'd have to scale down because nobody is going to do $3 billion of monthly trade with just a few a few thousand dollars worth of network security. And scaling down from 1m users today... well it'd be the end of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 11:14:56
Not much, do you care? I don't think it's feasible to expect a government to do what is essentially a DoS attack on bitcoin, it doesn't even DoS terrorists, and we've only rarely heard of a DoS attack against anonymous. It's not really within the modus operandi of a government in general against things it perceives as a threat, and bitcoin isn't even one of those things. What are you worried about exactly? There's lots of things that can happen, and then there's things that are likely. The government could DoS facebook or google or anything for that matter, but they never do, and in countries where facebook is banned it's just that, banned, not attacked.
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:06:49
Let's not forget, of all miner revenues, transaction fees consist of about 0.25% today, which is pretty normal.
In other words, block rewards are 400x what transaction fee rewards are. This discrepancy is so huge, bitcoin has to tremendously scale to close the gap. This is not just tricky from a technical point of view (e.g. blockchain bloat, networking requirements), but it'd also require huge adoption growth in a short time-span. Even if block rewards halve, you need 200x as many transactions per second to get equal rewards. If you don't do this, not only will transactions be ignored, but network security will also suffer as miner revenues drop by half and therefore potential expenditure on mining equipment halves, unless transaction fees are doubled.
So I agree with your statements, but it's far from a certain outcome, still.
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:18:04
@_date: 2014-10-23 23:30:51
Point is, you don't have to trust a lawyer to give stuff to your kids. Again, your will is not the vault where your stuff is held for inheritance, merely the documents that show who is entitled to what.
So yes, if you put encryption keys with your lawyer and write a will with your signature stating your kids can empty your safety deposit box, your bank can't steal anything as your keys are encrypted, your lawyer can't steal anything because he has no documents granting him access to your safety deposit box, but your kids have both. Worst case, you have to trust your wife or a friend. And to be honest, if you don't have people like that you can trust, I don't think you'd want them to inherit anything anyway.
Now we can go on and on about how that's not 100% secure and how there's still trust involved and all, but at some point it becomes a conversation like 'How do I know I won't get struck by lightning if I go outside today?'. You don't, but at some point the odds are such that it's nothing to worry about. 
But yeah there's various more sci-fi things possible at some point. Broadly speaking, contracts is the topic here. A decent intro can be found here: 
A fun primer on this in video form here: 
@_date: 2014-05-10 22:39:53
Denominating your natural gas / oil in anything but dollars is news everyone would pick up. Pretty sure this is either downright false or unconfirmed.
@_date: 2014-06-24 11:55:02
Haha look at okcoin's fake volume, it got them people at forex completely fooled.
Also they state transactions are encrypted (bitcoin has 0 encryption.)
Also they state a block is mined when all transactions are confirmed. Also nonsense, blocks can have 0 transactions (apart from the coinbase tx). It's mined when the right nonce is found essentially, that's all.
Otherwise great graph.
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:17:33
consider HTML5 wallets if you can't find one.
@_date: 2014-05-17 00:52:39
hehe, indeed good post!
I guess the wiki-page situation carries less risk. After all, a 10 cent payment to me is a small burden, particularly for the real practical chance of increasing confirmation time. (particularly as low-fees are ignored by some miners as dust or spam or even filtered for DOS protection.) Whereas the risk of losing out on $12.5k every 10 minutes is a lot heavier!
Anyway, I guess to a large extent these things have a way of working themselves out. It's not a terribly comforting thought, to rely on this... but theoretically, there's reason to expect every single money-oriented miner (for a while) to never include any blocks because it'd slightly harm their chance of gaining a block reward.
I wonder though, to what extent most miners actually have control over including transactions (other than choosing a different pool). After all, most miners mine in a pool, and afaik pools give a miner a block header (which is a product of a block in which transactions have already been included). The miners then SHA256 that. As such, it's not really the miner who chooses which transactions to include, but the pool. Am I mistaken on this one? Perhaps this is why the situation is pretty good right now with little delays, because most big pools appreciate the long-term need (also for their business) to include transactions. Tragedy of the commons is real when 10.000 miners each think their poor behavior can go unnoticed and has little impact. But when it's just 3-4 big pools, I can imagine the tragedy of the commons effect to be a lot less significant as each is much more aware of the size of the impact of the behavior they choose. Not including transactions as a pool can quickly force other pools to do the same, and the entire trust in the ecosystem goes down the drain if you suddenly get 6 hours of delayed confirmations. This dumps the price and the pool operators lose out months and months after. That's perhaps why it's not happening.
Would appreciate your thoughts on this last speculation of mine!
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:07:49


And that's why he has $5 billion because he's got the intelligence to not put all his eggs in one basket.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:08:26
The FBI's total bitcoin stash is about 1-2 weeks of exchange volume and can be fully automated.
Now I'll grant you that it's more likely that an exchange is not used for selling the coins, but rather some large parties like SecondMarket making a bid in a public process, but not because of Bitstamp only having an order book of 37k or because in the past 24 hours the world only traded 36k bitcoin on exchanges. That's nonsense. Liquidity isn't really a big problem. If there were no such individual parties, an exchange would work fine.
Deals outside of exchanges however is a public process. They're as much 'private' as using an exchange to make a private deal with a buyer somewhere else in the world. 
@_date: 2014-07-15 16:40:47
Again, Coinbase did less than $1m in merchant sales processing for years and it probably does about $1m now. While exchange volume is still 10m - 20m, and it used to indeed be 30m. In other words, merchant sales processing was never that big of a deal in terms of exchange volume and it still isn't, so this notion that all their volume is now internal covered by bitcoins from merchant sales is flaky.
@_date: 2014-08-03 21:20:30
Contradictory in that you can't say your funds are insured, and then later say there's a limited liability, without e.g. clearing up that insurance is separate from liability, or directly presenting a caveat to the extent of the insurance under the bit that discusses insurance. 
It's confusing because it's not clear if their insurance provider falls under the parties mentioned (as you rightly use the word 'presumably'). And it's not clear that the 'above occurrences' which describe a number of situations, also include the insurance product. There's lots of liabilities that have nothing to do with stolen bitcoins. For example if Xapo shows an inaccurate price of $600 on their website, indicating a regular price, when the price actually dropped to $200, normally someone can sue and say things like 'xapo made us lose the ability to buy cheap coins at $200' or 'because of xapo we were wrongly under the impression we had $600 per coin of wealth and entered into a contract we couldn't have if the price was actually $200'. Those are among the liabilities described. No specific mention of insurance or its insurance provider are mentioned.
So again, not saying you don't have a point, thanks for bringing this up. But I need more clarification, pretty much only from Xapo at the moment, or at least a lawyer, before I'd call their insurance policy complete bs. It's just not clear at this point. I've got a bit of a legal background and one that runs in the family, and to me these clauses don't seem to have much to do with the insurance and I'd expect a judge to throw it out the window if the claim is made, due to a lack of clarity on the limits of their insurance policy not being communicated effectively in their TOS.
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:59:04
Because he requested the dallas court's help to prevent his US assets from being used to pay back creditors. He asked them to acknowledge him filing for bankruptcy and allow Mt. Gox to freeze its assets (and use some of it to pay its law firm).
The US isn't some arbitrary country summoning him. It's a country in which he has assets and creditors and requested court intervention to prevent these creditors from obtaining these assets. In other words, he's a stakeholder to complying with US law to some extent.
So again, if he ignores US law, his assets there will be gone. (it's unknown which ones these are, but he went through trouble to get them frozen). And he'd absolutely be avoiding law in the US. Whatever you may think of the US, it wouldn't be a surprise if someone evading extremely serious allegations concerning .5 billion dollars is extradited from Japan to the US at some point whether he likes it or not.
@_date: 2014-05-15 13:41:42
100k bits ($4) on Bitpay over Coinbase, anyone want to take my bet? :D
Bitcoin to the rescue! 
@_date: 2014-07-04 19:02:31
Xapo offers insurance.
Coinbase actually insures a lot of deposits, not many people know. Not all, but quite a lot actually.
And Circle is working on it.
Thing is though, itś not really about insurance for me, it's about security. And guess what, you can't get insurance if you aren't secure. So insurance for me is kind of a proxy, that a big company who specializes in risk looked at their storage ( (cold storage 95%+, multi-sig, encrypted, redundant, saved in different locations, requiring multiple people, with very clear social-engineering defense policies, regular training, criminal background screening of employees etc.) and signed of on that. If that happens, I don't actually care much if the insurance is even there, the point is that when it's so secure that someone is willing to provide insurance, I'm comfortable, generally.
@_date: 2014-06-14 13:02:44
Interesting fact: only pools are susceptible to selfish mining. If the free market's self-interested participants chose ultimate self-interest (selfish mining), then large centralized pool mining will become less profitable than more decentralized mining, right?
@_date: 2014-06-08 14:10:57
1 upvote @_date: 2014-10-04 17:26:33
I'm curious, are you a software developer? The ecosystem is heavily rooted in software and that's definitely not blockchain-neutral. The work that's gone into building HD wallets, multi-sig, the numerous (VC funded) bitcoin APIs and implementations of bitcoin in multiple languages, all of that is NOT trivial to simply switch over to an altcoin. 
Sure, it'll be easier than a non-blockchain switch, but let's not trivialize it. And it's important to note that cultural / network effects play a huge role. I just don't see any altcoin that's taken seriously right now or has any kind of an ecosystem. Litecoin and doge are doing okay, but look at Litecoin... it's value in bitcoin is 25% of what it was last peak, and bitcoin itself is 25% of what it was last peak, both litecoin and dogecoin lost about 90% of their value the past few quarters.
I mean, I can sit here and say it's trivially easy to change the dollar into something else, it's just paper right? It'd be extremely naive. You could only believe it if you were to take huge shortcuts in your reasoning and discount and ignore loads of factors, caveats and issues.
As for great innovations and obvious advantages? Does anyone take this seriously? I know of no bitcoin developers, no tech entrepreneurs, no large merchants, academic papers, media outlets that make such a claim. Sure, altcoins are great testing grounds, and sure they innovate, but to the point they're better than bitcoin, is quite far fetched. Yes, they carry benefits, but not for free. I can create a coin with free 1 second confirmations, sure, but a confirmation would be much less secure, the orphan rate would be much higher, you'd get cheap spam and blockchain bloat. I haven't actually seen any significant innovations that carry real benefits without huge drawbacks from any altcoin yet.
You really have quite a burden of proof when hyping altcoins like that.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:02:26
LOL, not in my wildest dreams did I fathom this.
Suggesting this would've happened would be the ultimate positive-thinking bitcoin circle jerk haha, but it happened. 
Hilarious and awesome.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:50:44
Why? Thanks.
@_date: 2014-09-15 23:08:55
I really, really discourage mining unless you've very very well educated yourself, understand all the risks, have disposable money to the tune of thousands and ideally have personal contacts with trusted suppliers directly.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:14:00
In the Netherlands we've just got 1 haha. (btw, everyone else who's Dutch hates people from Amsterdam because of this arrogance.)
@_date: 2014-06-02 15:46:25
Yes but, contrary to people's beliefs, bitcoin isn't actually free! It's free in the sense that an immigrant in the US sending back say $1k to his family monthly pays 10 cents (0.01% or 1/100th of a single percent) in transaction fees.
But for someone sending say 1.000 transactions per hour, he'll be spending about $2.5K a day! As such, the fees act as an anti-spam method. It's cheap to use bitcoin normally, but very expensive to spam.
Bitcoins itself can be used for anti-spam, too. For example if say Gmail and Hotmail and all mail providers allowed the users to configure an option 'only accept mail with a 10 bits of bitcoin attached (about 1 penny), and people would configure their mail to attach 1 penny to every mail, it'd be great for anti-spam. Say you send 3 emails a day, that'll cost you $1 per month, which is fine for most people. But for spammers who send billions of emails per day (the total figure is 90 billion spam emails per day), that will cost a gigantic amount of money. So sending a viagra-pill email to a million people in the hope you get $1k of sales, doesn't work, when 1 million pennies cost you $10k!
Bitcoin can currently handle about 600 thousand transactions per day, which isn't much, by the way. It means you can pretty much clog the network for $60k a day, so it's very cheap for big companies like Mastercard to shut down bitcoin for a week which will cause people to try to sell their coins, miners to stop mining, companies to reconsider investments etc. This is actually atm a bigger concern to me than a 51% attack haha. But bitcoin can actually scale quite easily to millions of transactions a day, and when floating fees are introduced (I expect that in 2014, maybe early 2015) it becomes extremely expensive quickly to clog the network. So this is a 'problem' that isn't a problem yet, but will likely be fixed before it's ever abused :D
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:38:04
No. Why do you ask?
You could of course never spend these coins you accepted and just ignore it. Or you could just spend them into a random address, meaning nobody will ever be able to access this money. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:55:00
Thanks for sharing, sorry for your loss.
Usually these things, while theoretically possible, are just too good to be true. It's like the 'I make 5k a week working from home' crap. If you made 5k working from home, you wouldn't be running a silly little website to collect people's emails for your crap newsletter so you can sell the email and make a small amount of money. Just like if you could serve a 10% ROI in a 24 hour period, you wouldn't be looking to sell mining contracts because that's the type of return that literally turns $1k into $300k in two months. It's ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-07-02 17:05:38
This. The interest in bitcoin so far has been because of its potential to reach 100m users or 1 billion users. Not so a few thousand rich people can use bitcoin as a store of value on a network that's extremely insecure because miners don't get paid in tx fees in the long run.
So going from $1k to $100k requires a correlated adoption by typical consumers, growing from 1m users to 100m users (who are much more active by the way than the average user today, who doesn't use bitcoin much). And that's a massive undertaking. It's not impossible at all to see bitcoin do 100x (just like Facebook going from a valuation of $1m to $100m or $100m to $10b wasn't crazy) but it's certainly not certain and is unlikely to happen within 12 months ever again.
@_date: 2014-05-09 09:45:06
@_date: 2014-05-13 21:52:56
Nah they use bitpay, 0% volatility risk.
@_date: 2014-03-09 18:27:14
Well, in terms of the discussion of the leaks, mark karpeles' personal blog was hacked and the leaks posted there. Look it up yourself, I won't link it.
The contents of the leak seems to be the transactions up till now. In short, it's pretty much Mt. Gox' 'blockchain'. So you can see how many bitcoins they're supposed to own and every user can verify if their data is correct.
In short, if enough users verify their data is correct (e.g. I had 6 btc on mt gox, so I check the data, and it's the same), we can say with high probability that all data is correct. We can then compare the totals to Karpeles' statements, which may indicate he is blatantly lying. Which would be pretty weird considering he has tens of lawsuits against him and various investigations, regardless of a leak, this stuff would become known...
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:00:23
I'm afraid a lot of your issues relate to verification which is inherent to the fiat-side of the payments. They've got nothing to do with bitcoin. Everytime you have a third part accept bitcoin and convert to fiat on your behalf, you've got AML/KYC issues, they can't not do this unless they want trouble.
What you seem to be asking is if someone will build open-source payment processor technology that converts bitcoin to fiat at an exchange. That might be tricky.
If it's not open-source, I wouldn't trust software with plugins because if there is no party behind it that continually offers a service, they can't be held accountable. So it has to be open-source so that malicious intention can quickly be identified. And if there is a third party behind it, if they disappear or go out of business you have the same problem. Even if it's standalone software, nobody can fix potential future bugs or issues or adapt it to fit new systems or new products or procedures.
I think your best bet in the short term is to build your own way of accepting bitcoin, verifying a single business account at 2-3 exchanges and doing manual day's end conversion and weekly fiat withdrawl. You could probably automate most of these processes over time.
But to be entirely honest, with all due respect, I think it's more likely that your company goes out of business than Coinbase or Bitpay. These are VC-funded companies having received tens of millions of dollars with ex-Amazon, ex-Facebook, ex-Google etc employees working there, each processing more than $100m a year in sales for tens of thousands of businesses and Coinbase has more than 1m users. Both have 10-30% growth rates month on month and are trusted and used by multiple $1b annual-revenue companies. If they disappear I think it's extremely likely it's only because bitcoin has failed, meaning any plugin for bitcoin is going to be useless. 
So in all honesty, I think you're overestimating the risk of third-party failure. Given your issues, I'd personally talk to them, limit your dealings with them to bitcoin and have them send bitcoin to either your exchange address, or an address that forwards it to your exchange. There are actually a lot of decent APIs for all exchanges that make it extremely easy to immediately sell bitcoin with no real risk as there's no complex behaviour, just sell any bitcoin in the wallet. You can write your own with a bit of programming experience, or pay a few hundred bucks. Usually exchanges have examples of such code on their api github anyway. Then you can manually withdraw fiat every week which takes me about 10 minutes. You'll still need to verify with the exchange but this might be a bit easier for you, especially at BTC-E (which I don't recommend). This works and is pretty hassle-free as long as you don't need immediate liquidity.
Lastly, talk to Coinbase and Bitpay. What did they say? Bitpay is extremely active in software development. They pay a full-time core developer of the protocol. They built their own bitcoin API and they build loads of merchant tools and plugins. Developing the things you need is pretty much their entire business model. I'd be really curious to hear from em.
@_date: 2014-07-02 06:07:00
It's like a bitcoin news wikipedia :P
@_date: 2014-05-26 10:20:21
It fucking sucks but, this... Virtually everyone who posts 'got scammed' says something like 'I heard that it was risky and I shouldn't do it, but because of XYZ I still did it'. 
Why can't people just get it? DONT FUCKING DO IT.
Even if you get a person to post a picture of himself with his ID and the transactions saying "I verify I, the owner of the paypal account, made this transaction' you're still at such a high risk of getting scammed cause guess what, paypal doesn't care and doesn't cover you because they don't cover bitcoin, and they've explicitly said this over and over again.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:31:36
Nobody said it's good news, anyone who says that is an idiot.
I said it's good to have official confirmation of anything. To clarify, regardless of the content of the message, it's good to see official communication rather than unofficial communication.
As for the point of my comment, it was to say that the damage to bitcoin was already known and from a financial perspective has already been priced in. That's why we're not seeing Bitcoin dip to $450 like it did a few days ago even though it's officially known Mt. Gox is dead.
@_date: 2014-04-26 22:35:09
Over a million dollars a day in transactions, over a thousand new merchants added a week. That's pretty powerful. Remember just a few months ago they announced 100m total processed after 2.5 years of existence? Now they do 100m in less than three months. Very excited to hear this. So the trend lines I think are very promising.
However it does really put bitcoin *today* in perspective in a huge way. Remember we're used to averages of about 60m a day in bitcoin transactions and even all the way up to 300m on peak days. But now it seems it's likely BitPay + Coinbase do no more than 3m a day on average. Put that into the coinometrics charts ( and bitcoin really becomes very insignificant. It's not 60m vs Visa's 16b, it's probably closer to just 5m in actual payments. 
Great to hear some numbers finally. Would be nice to see more data.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:36:29
Things like eCommerce. There are still quite a lot of businesses that don't have a team to build native apps for multiple platforms (or even one platform), but do have some web development expertise in-house. For them, building hybrid apps using Cordova with HTML5 technology is feasible. These won't be the biggest businesses in the world, but a fair number of shops do use Cordova.
Accepting payments in real life should also become easier. There were already some merchant apps out there including Bitpay's, but this is a more white-label tool that merchants can integrate into their own brand. Again not super likely to find many POS using Cordova, but you have to build the tools first and this is one of them :)
And lastly they do have a native Android SDK, so on android any payments/ecommerce thing you can think of outside of inapp purchases is probably game.
@_date: 2014-08-03 10:26:51
Awesome. I studied at Hanyang, it's known for a large international student population (partly in the summer school programme, partly as full-time students) so it's a great place for bitcoin to take off in a small way.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:54:34
Oh and look into Gyft.
@_date: 2014-07-03 16:18:08
You don't have to bring me into this personally, I was never a customer and have never had any problems with any bitcoin company. 


As for being humble, I think you're being ridiculous. If you lose thousands of my dollars because you don't have your shit straight as a CTO, you can't go around calling people whiny punk bitches. I'd say in that case the CTO would need to double up on the toilet paper to wipe the shit out of his eyes.
You can read about it here. At the time it was $5m, today it's about $25m worth of bitcoins stolen. But hey if you're CTO, fuck it, no time to be humble, let's call someone a punk as bitch haha. I think it's ridiculous but hey opinions differ. Take care.
@_date: 2014-05-12 11:16:54
Dubai is a pretty disgusting place. A hugely inefficient, wasteful, materialist, misogynistic country that sticks to the 15th century morality of birthrights, morally, culturally and politically cowardice, a place lacking meaningful innovation to mankinds' benefit. A place that values a rich image more than substance. You'd think the populace would recognize after a long history of poverty the plight of the poor and take their responsibility, but to the contrary, they're eager to exploit the destitute.
It's not the only place on earth that isn't perfect, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't point out its flaws whenever someone acts like it's the coolest place on earth.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:32:06
Spent my summers at 15 year's old loading cruise ships for $7 bucks an hour. Now you want me to send you $320 on the basis of a message literally any other person could've written, poor or not?
I'd rather continue investing in real stories of hard working people on kiva.org. In fact, they pay me back letting me continue doing so.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:10:57
Absolutely agree. (Amsterdam resident here, by the way.)
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:21:53
Sure. So it has to do with what is called multi-signature.
Basically, if you have 1 key, and you lose it, your money is gone. And if you share the key with a friend, they can take your money, too.
* So the first is redundancy: If you have 3 keys, you lose 1, you still have 2. You need 2 out of 3 to get the money. This way you have what's called redundancy. One place may fail, but if you have the other two keys, you're good.
* Secondly, it's a way to do security. So if you want you can give one key to your father, one to your mother and one to yourself. Then, your parents can send you money here, say as an allowance. But everytime you want to pay, you need 2 out of 3 keys. So you need to ask your parents for permission. This gives your parents security as they will be able to approve every transaction you make.
More importantly, it means that in a company you can have internal security, too. Say you need 3 out of 5 keys to make a payment. An employee then uses their own key, but also needs a key from two managers. This way the employee can't go rogue and steal the money and leave the country.
It also means you can do security. This is where greenaddress comes in. You give them 1 key, and you keep 2 keys yourself. One you keep safe say on paper. One you keep say on your phone. Now when you want your money, you can use these two keys. But that's a hassle, the one on paper is usually securely stored somewhere.
But you also give them a key. And then you can give them instructions. e.g. 'only sign the transactions up to a spending limit of $100 per day'. This way, even if a thief hacks your phone and has your key, they can only get $100 per day. When you find out, you take your key, plus the key on the piece of paper in your home, and take your money out safely. The thief could not steal much. Remember, greenaddress only has 1 key, so they can't steal your money, they can only co-sign it. As such, you can now create security in a way that a third party helps you secure your money, yet they can't ever steal it, and you have full control to take your money whenever you want.
Secondly, it removes double-spend risk for merchants. This is interesting for the future, not today. But because greenaddress only signs transactions that were not double-spent, they can guarantee no double-spend risk which is interesting in future.
Hope that helps.
@_date: 2014-04-17 11:45:26
In your case I'd say, in most countries, you'd have a pretty strong case. Signing away liability is not some unlimited type of thing. For example, if the building has not been inspected in 50 years and there are visible cracks in the ceiling, and the building next door collapses, but nobody takes action. If people then sign away the building operator's liability and the ceiling collapses on them, the operator is extremely likely to still be held liable.
In short, it really depends. If the cart hadn't been serviced for a long time, that's negligence and it's likely that even if you signed away liability, the operator still had to do the due dilligence and not be negligent. But if the cart was perfectly fine, checked just yesterday, you probably don't have a case (and shouldn't). In any case, this is getting quite far from the issue at Mt. Gox :p
@_date: 2014-05-12 05:11:02
That's ridiculous, there's some brilliant and some awful TedX speakers. And guess what? Same for TED. You know how much crap pseudoscience has gotten on TED? Just because there an X doesn't mean shit. Just because there's no X doesn't mean shit. But TED *is* pretty mainstream, so to see a lot of the community cover bitcoin to any extent is interesting.
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:32:47
Haha love this stuff.
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:35:00
Firstly, he claimed he spoke to and knew about the opinion of bitcoin of decision makers. That's important. Again, that can't be compared to McDonalds. Firstly it reiterates the notion that the decision makers know and care to have an opinion on bitcoin and are keenly aware of it. Secondly, by him reaching out, it reinforced customer interest/demand for this payment opportunity.
Secondly, just because you didn't care to pass on suggestions and admittedly lied to customers about this, doesn't mean everyone does. I've had several positions where I've relayed meaningful ideas to decision makers that got attention and at times affected change. 
Not to compare bitcoin to any of these people or movements, but merely to consider your principle of 'if there's a small chance it won't work, let's discourage individuals from choosing to spend their own time to try it anyway when they might succeed', look at anyone, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Mandela. I hope you'll agree, just because there's a small chance of succeeding, it doesn't mean CAPTAIN ought to discourage a person from spending their own individual, private time, from trying to increase merchant adopting merely by providing information on two things: 1) merchant benefits and 2) his own interest to pay with bitcoin.
Sure, if I forced *you* to try and potentially waste your time, you may object. But don't ask of others to stop trying when it's their private time and their business of what to do with it.
Lastly, again, I was replying to CAPTAIN initially who was *not* interested in saving someone from wasting their time. He explicitly said it would be better for the merchant, too, to not be informed of customer interests, and potentially not be informed of bitcoin's advantages, nothing more, nothing less. I hope you agree that this lack of information on these points is in no way better for the merchant or us as individuals. That's what I replied to.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:44:34
It really depends. If someone buys 30k to flip it and sell it at an exchange, sure. If someone buys 30k that he would otherwise not have bought at all because an incremental exchange-buy doesn't work for him, then no it wouldn't affect the price.
Here's my thing. I doubt people are buying 30k just to flip it at an exchange. That would actually create a lot of downward pressure on the price and that person may actually lose money because the price drops so quickly once 5k or 10k is dumped. 
Secondly, BIT and Panterra have shown that there is a large market for institutional investments and wealth management funds for large families. These funds cannot buy bitcoin on an exchange because it doesn't fit their systems. (e.g. virtually nobody would buy actual oil or actual corn on an exchange and store it, that doesn't fit the system of any investor. But these investors CAN buy corn or oil securities, like futures or swaps or index funds that track the price). Same for bitcoin, BIT turned bitcoin into a security, and now funds can buy a BIT share that tracks the value of bitcoin instead of a bitcoin itself. This allows them to do all the normal accounting and auditing and reporting etc of a regular security. And this is exactly the type of fund that will buy this at an auction. These funds are not looking to flip or dump the bitcoin, they simply want to buy it and sell it to large wealth management funds and such. They need a lot more liquidity for this, and this is where they can get it. But they normally tend to buy it from other parties in private trades. (for example, Bitpay doesn't sell all its bitcoin right away at an exchange, it also sells bitcoin in bulk. They have the connections now, but you can see their CEO's old posts where he says people can contact him if they want to buy upwards of 10k bitcoins for example.) 
In other words, these large funds are likely going to be the buyers, the competition will likely drive the price close to the normal exchange price, the bitcoin is unlikely to be dumped quickly, and it's also unlikely to reduce the amount of buying from exchanges because these generally have gotten their liquidity from other private deals in the first place.
Of course there's an effect, but I don't think it's a very large one given the nature of the deal, and given the size of the deal (0.2% of coins), it absolutely doesn't warrant a 10% drop.
@_date: 2014-08-05 14:54:59
Ah I see. 
Anyway about the QR codes, you can scan them and then it gives you the key. Then you can keep the key safe and throw out the QR code. The QR code really just is an image representation of the key, so once you scan it and get the key, that's it.
For example this image: 
holds the information '
You can decode the QR code here: 
Just enter the link in the first box.
So what you could do is just take a screenshot of your screen (Prnt Screen button), open something crap like MS Paint, save the QR Code portion to a .png, then upload it to the website. It should take about 2-3 minutes tops.
Then the website will decode it for you and you'll have the key and you can save the key and forget about the QR code. Then you can use the key on your n900 to set it up.
Just keep the security stuff in mind.
As for the 'summer thing' yeah I think they're trying to mass-ship atm. I would assume a few weeks at tops but I just wouldn't expect anything. Things like shipping worldwide is harder than it sounds, for a company to shit anything for the first time, there'll be hickups so I wouldn't expect anything. But my assumption is they'll ship to virtually all pre-orders in august.
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:01:11
It's bs
* Debitcard fees are usually about 30c. Meaning for a $1 pack of gum, yes, the merchant pays 30% fees. 
* CC or online (e.g. Stripe, Paypal) is usually something like 30c + 3%. Meaning small transactions are still very expensive, and large
What the fees are, then, generally depends on the amount of the transaction. For high-value transactions, debit is usually pretty cheap.
But compared to Bitcoin? Still more expensive. You can send any amount of money using bitcoin for about 5-10 pennies, hell you could send it using 0 pennies if you wanted to wait a bit. And if you want to use a payment processor to exchange into a different currency? Well, Bitpay's cheapest is 0.01%, its most expensive plan is 1%. And Coinbase is 1%, but waives fees for the first $1m in sales, meaning a typical SME company will not pay fees on bitcoin sales for years, and when it does, cheaper than just about anything. As for larger companies, their fees go down the more volume they have, for Coinbase the extent is unknown, but Bitpay can go as low as 0.01%.
So I'm not sure what you're shocked about. But for me it's somewhat irrelevant. Bitcoin was never meant, for me, to replace in-store payments. It was meant to make them irrelevant, if was meant to allow machine to machine finance, allow financial autonomy for all, financial inclusivity, online payments without identity theft risk, monetization of the web and everything else (internet of things, e.g. monetizing speed lanes on roads while you're driving on them in real time), cheap remittance, etc etc. In-store payments for me are the least interesting, the least problematic thing to 'solve'.
Some interchange fees here:
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:13:19
People forget that Circle isn't a bitcoin company. It's a finance company that uses bitcoin. 
I think that's exciting, it's great to see different blends of companies and I invite the competition. 
For example: nobody is using TCP/IP to send raw messages to each other, but everyone uses it to communicate using reddit, skype, facebook, email and indeed wikileaks. 
So while Circle is closer to the current world of Fintech than e.g. Armory Wallet is or Blockchain.info, for me that's alright. We can have different things.
But it's an important distinction and it'll explain some of the Circle things that may confuse people, like hiring a former top banking director.
@_date: 2014-09-26 12:45:01
Yup, freebie marketing. Give away Android/IOS for free, make money in the app store. Give apps for free, make money on in-app purchases. Keep a party free, make money on expensive drinks. 
The razor and blades model is probably most famous. Give away free razors, but charge for the blades people need to replace weekly. You get brand lock-in plus you give the illusion of a cheap product.
Anyone want to speculate on what Circle will make money on 3 years down the road? I doubt they'd do ads to be honest. Advertising requires considerable 'time-spent' on a platform (e.g. wasting 5 hours on TV or FB). Merchant services is possible, but they'd be pretty late to the game.
@_date: 2014-08-03 14:10:58
SURPRISE, Xapo is not perfect.
But let's be clear: Xapo offers a pincode, a password, 2FA and spending limits, on a clean and pretty multiplatform wallet and an insured vault, the price of 0.01x or 1% every DECADE, peanuts for what most bitcoiners consider an investment that can do 10-100x in the same timespan of a decade.
And a transaction costs 60 cents, and you get about 52 cents back straight after, meaning the transaction costs about 8 cents, also for if you're sending $1m.
If you don't like that, that's fine. I don't, I have my own free secure cold storage set up, but I can easily imagine people who will. I'd certainly not suddenly be a reason to go apeshit, call them greedy fuck tarts, most hated bitcoin company in the world, horseshit, failing company etc. That's ridiculous. Xapo is the type of company I'm comfortable with suggesting to my more mainstream friends or family.
@_date: 2014-10-13 15:50:23
Now all we need is someone to convince google to put it in their internet balloons :P
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:52:34
Cool stuff, curious to see how the markets will react. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 11:17:52
There's many reasons why a shorter block time like 10s wouldn't work. You'd get more orphaned blocks, more bitcoin forking, less consensus on the network, you'd need more confirmations to consider a transaction safe and bitcoin would go from being a protocol for all to a protocol for fast-internet nations.
Again, shorter block times introduces problems that are harder to solve than 0 confirmation sales. 
For example here are some solutions:
@_date: 2014-09-30 10:54:44
2.9% is if you pay with a creditcard.
If you do a bank transfer there is no fee (they pay the ACH fee) and while the bank transfer will arrive perhaps a day or two later, they'll give your bitcoins instantly. So it really is free and instant, unless you unnecessarily choose the expensive way.
@_date: 2014-06-22 20:52:11
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:34:51
I'll check it out. I personally at least read a lot about how the nuclear bombs were completely unnecessary, various quotes by millitary leaders, the president and high ranking officials in the administration calling it unnecessary and barbaric. But I'm not sure to what extent Japan publicly surrendered the war before this. There's also some sources saying the Japanese were willing to sacrifise citizens and cities but when the Russians also declared war, that  was the end of any hope of Japanese victory and that this finally made them surrender.
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:54:09
Again feel free to elaborate how it has anything to do with what I said. I'm still left curious.
Anyway if you want to jump into what seems to me a wholly different discussion on smart property, I'd say that smart property is merely the recognition of authorities with power (the courts, police) of a contract that happens to be blockchain based.
I think in the case of a stolen key, that recognition quickly evaporates. I'd assume it quickly becomes clear that there's a difference between a stolen property and a properly traded property, and that record may indeed not be recognized by the courts. We've long had a similar distinction in law between possession (which a thief can get by stealing your car) and ownership (which does not transfer when theft happens, unless e.g. 10 years pass in the case of small stolen items like a library book). Similarly, you'd need to devise a smart property system that can detect this distinction, and then recognize it in the courts accordingly.
It really depends on the nature of the system. For example, it could be a system with multi-signature keys where you can only transfer the deed with a multi-sig key of each owner on the deed, the key of a notary service and the key of a system which checks for identification of the owners (both the notary and id system could be software-based, or not). Then there'd be a final multi-sig key which would be held by the municipality which runs the blockchain cadastre, which only signs after a week, again this could be software based. And this final signing could be prevented if the owner contacts the municipality to report fraudulent use of his key. Then you could have additional keys that need to be signed by e.g. two independent witnesses, or e.g. a key signed by the bank, so that only a contract in which a deed is transferred from party A to B will be signed by the bank, if party B sends X amount of money to party A as stipulated in the contract, thus requiring a payment for the property. (which, in rare cases, can be circumvented with a more strict procedure). Not to mention the security of these keys, likely they'll be stored by professionals, like banks' safety deposit boxes, in the same way your high-value items could be, today, only accessible in person with identification. etc.
These are just things from the top of my head. For high-value smart property there's obviously going to be much more stringent procedures than simply 'give a person a single key and let him put it on his laptop' that, once lost, creates a change of ownership.
Anyway I'm just playing devil's advocate here, as per your suggestion to reason through this. Overall I'm wholly unconvinced a smart property system is 'the best thing ever'. It may be useful in some cases, but for high value items and 'once in a lifetime purchases', I don't quite see why we need to try to create a pure software based system to manage that. Digitizing notarial contracts concerning the transfer of a deed (as we have today) is a decent enough system in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-08-04 13:05:00
Sweet keep us updated! 1 upvote
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:10:24
Money laundering is about an illegal unregistered source of money. You can disagree with that, but that's how virtually every government and tax system works. You need to prove the source of some income to at least some extent, else there is no way to distinguish between e.g. someone who gains income through crime (theft, illegal goods sales etc) and someone who gains income through licit work.
So you must have some way to prove all this. There must be some way to communicate with your clients. There must be some way to show the work you've done, such as software products you've built. There must be some way to show them your past communication with your clients, where you talk about your work, negotiate terms, sign a contract (hell, even a verbal conversation is considered a contract virtually everywhere in the world).
How can that be so difficult to prove?
@_date: 2014-02-20 10:25:42
Thank for that. Indeed I think this is quite likely given MtGox price is crashing when it can obviously profit from buying its own users coins and sell them elsewhere which would at least stop the crash.
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:15:27
Nice service you guys got there. Kudos. Nice site, too.
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:55:00
I disagree, Europe is usually at the forefront of technology adoption. You have to look at per capita rates, many EU countries are at the top ahead of the US. 
The thing Europe lags behind the US is silicon valley. The EU has a lot of technological hotspots, but none with the allure and investments of Silicon Valley. Of course, a lot of SV talent/people/capital comes from outside the US, but the US is where most VC-funded startups are. (payment processors mostly).
@_date: 2014-06-09 14:20:42
There's no reason you need an on-chain transaction to buy a drink. I expect we'll see payment channels, off-chain tx like Coinbase customer to Coinbase user, stuff like that.
Look at changetip. Here's 1 upvote I just paid you 10 cents for 0 fees. As long as changetip allows you to take the 10 cents and move it on the blockchain to some other wallet you own, off-chain transactions are completely okay.
That's what will happen. Larger transactions (e.g. $100+) will happen on chain, at which point you pay a fee of 0.07% fees. For $1k it's 0.007% etc.
By the way, the merchant probably paid nothing. Remember that, considering I have friends who run a shop that pay 30 cents for every debit tx, so yes they lose 30 cents on a $2.75 drink, which is why they charge you $2.75 instead of something like $2.50. I'd rather be charged $2.50 and pay 7c than be charged $2.75 and pay nothing. This isn't immediately obvious, but there's a cost to taking plastic or even cash that you're paying for in the price.
In any case, again, off-chain tx will fix high relative fees for microtransactions. For normal tx, the fees are relatively very tiny.
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:45:33
Because bitcoins are 'real money'. I don't mean to say other cryptocurrencies aren't, hence the quotation marks, but there are different degrees of opportunity cost.
To put it simply, given the chance, people will likely be much more prone to tip $10 worth of airmiles, in-game currency or karma than $10 bill because they present a smaller opportunity cost. You can spend the $10 anywhere. But the airmiles? That's a hassle. In-game currency is limited to virtual items in a world you might not have any interest in a year from now. And karma? Well that's free. There's no opportunity cost of giving that away. But $10? Well you could do all kinds of things with that, there's a $10 opportunity cost (e.g. going to the movies.)
Bitcoin vs Doge is probably similar. You can spend bitcoin at more places, most merchants, users, media and investments are into bitcoin so it's likely the long-term value is the biggest with bitcoin. That generally gives an idea of worthlessness. 
Secondly, it feels like dogecoin tipping is huge, but quite often people are tipped 10 coins, which is a fraction of a penny. You'd need hundreds of people to tip to raise a dollar. This dollar can't really be spent anywhere, unless you want to sell it at an exchange which is ridiculous given the hassle. The alternative? Spend the $1 by tipping hundreds of times and participating in a fun and silly community where your fraction of a cent tips are met with thanks and appreciation and community love.
Lastly, there's a lot more money supply. A few months ago there were a few billion coins, at the end of the year there will be ~100 billion coins. There's huge inflation and that dampens the price and forces people to spend it. With not many places to spend $1 or $10, tipping is a fun alternative.
There's all kinds of reasons but this is mostly it.
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:29:34
Meh, the Netherlands isn't that great with merchants. Thuisbezorgd and bitonic are beyond awesome, but that's about it. The former is a takeaway front-end for thousands of restaurants, so in most city there are at least 20-50 places to order food from, and the front-end allows bitcoin payments. The latter is a bitcoin brokerage that uses iDeal, which like bitcoin is an instant, cheapish (about $0.50 per tx) payment system that is not reversible (no chargebacks) and every bank is attached to it, so I can just login with my bank and pay by typing in a text msg code on my phone. I literally buy bitcoin faster than an ATM, takes about 10 seconds if I type quick and the spread is pretty good, a lot better than any ATM out there.
But that's it. It's great, but two things. Firstly, we can get bitcoin easily, but apart from takeaway, have very few places to spend it. Secondly, as described above, iDeal works really really well and in Europe SEPA is fast, easy and free for me. I can send money to friends inside or outside the country easily. So the imperative for bitcoin isn't as big as say in parts of Africa.
I'm hoping Mollie will publish which merchants take bitcoin, that would change the game overnight. They've got thousands of merchants who take bitcoin but I know of none of them.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:28:33
"The significance of the domain should not be underestimated, as it is the flagship domain for the cryptocurrency. Blockchain.info apparently wants to transform it into a vital resource for the bitcoin community and reach out to mainstream internet users."
Great news. I think blockchain.info has shown itself to philosophically acknowledge core concepts of bitcoin (e.g. not holding your keys, being completely on-chain). I welcome their efforts in communication, informing and marketing to mainstream audiences. I hope they hire a design team though, their webdesign and marketing materials so far have been more than terrible haha.
Excited :)
@_date: 2014-04-22 17:23:58
Again, 2% is nothing for an asset that appreciates by 10-100-1000x. 2% is the world for a treasury bill. Find me a person who's unwilling to pay 2% in 2013. The entire planet is willing to pay 2% on an asset that appreciates by 100x, to liken it with extortion is ridiculous, particularly when you don't have to use the BIT at all.
And again, 2%, it's going to come down. But right now, they're the only bitcoin ETF in the game and $50m worth of investments are content paying that rate. If you want to build your own ETF, go ahead. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:46:25
Coinometrics.com, is nice too.
@_date: 2014-03-20 13:14:49
Awesome. If you can, ask your parents to put $10 or $100 in.  I'm sure they'll give you $25 one-time if you do some chores around the house and explain this learning opportunity.
Also, consider keeping the dollar amount in a bank for interest or not doing it at all, inflation will eat up probably at least 5% perhaps 10% in that time period.
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:38:49
Nah, I can't imagine them making a profit on that, and it's actually quite possible they lose a few dollars on every card. (in the same way razor companies often gave away the razor for free, costing them, but made money on the blades. There's a business model named after it).
@_date: 2014-09-29 10:51:30
It's simply not true. USD value is UP from 1 year ago, as it is from 2 years ago, as it is from 3 years ago.
Again, just look at September 11, 12, 13, 14.
The reason? Because USD value has NOT fallen in the past year. Bitcoin was worth $120 this time last year (Sep 29 2013).
Why debate obvious numbers in the 1-year September to September timeframe that obviously contradict what you're saying?
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:55:46
I'll just leave you with one fact, the more a country develops (economically, culturally, politically) the more there is opportunity for educational, social and moral development.
In other words, many problems developing countries struggle with can be solved by empowering them, can be solved by waiving their debts, can be solved by improving their economic outlook, can be improved by offering political support.
Look at the difference between Morocco or South Africa and Uganda. Neither of the three countries is perfect, but the first two are a lot more modern and tolerant to homosexuality, in part because of economic and political modernity that gives way to a slow path towards social and cultural enlightenment.
In places of poverty and scarcity there will always be myopic thinking and there will always be need for a scapegoat, a public enemy, as a way of keeping stability and unification of the majority group.
In other words, empower them so that in 100 years from now a gay man has a better chance.
@_date: 2014-08-27 13:41:58
Technically there's no such thing as ownership. 
At the most basic level, you hold a piece of data, which is a private key, like a password. 
It's not really ownership, because it's just data, the word 'blablabla' could be a private key (again, like a password), so the notion you have 'ownership' of that word is a bit silly.
But the idea is that you shouldn't have the same key as anyone else (as it means they can access your money, like if someone had your mail password they could access your email. In this case a bit different as the private key is both the password, and is what the email address is derived from!). So in that sense, you have to own a unique private key that nobody else has. Which is pretty easy, as there are 2^256 possible private keys. There are nearly as many private keys as there are atoms in the universe. For quick context, if you could count so fast that you could count from 1 to trillion every second, and you counted for a trillion centuries, you'd only count to 2^72, nowhere close to 2^256.
So if you have such a unique piece of data called a private key that only you know, you could semantically say you own it. And you can use that in the bitcoin technology to send bitcoins to and from that key, in the most simple terms. 
If you break it down, owning bitcoin means you own a unique password that gives you unique and sole access to change slots in a public ledger.
That sounds vague, but that's what money is. A lot has been written about this, academically mostly. The notion of money being memory for example, is satisfied with a public ledger. Dollars are just the tokens with which we memorize debt. i.e. if you paint my house, I have nothing to offer you immediately, so we remember. And when you need something in return you say 'remember I painted your house? ok now help me with this'. That's a limited system of 1 to 1 relationships, hard to measure etc. So we use dollars as the tokens. Instead of memorizing and arguing later about how much the painting was worth, we agree the price, I pay you $100 for painting the house, and now that in-debts me (or anyone else I got the dollars from, who in that trade were indebted to me) to perform $100 of service at some later point. But you can replace those tokens with a ledger system, too, like bitcoin. A digital ledger, obviously superior (like digital email is superior to mail), and one without a central party behind it, so that it's neutral. That's bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:19:06
I agree, they're the same value, I disagree that it's no more silly to use something with half a dozen leading zeros that nobody has ever been familiar with as a daily currency, versus something that that costs say 1000 satoshis for a sandwich, something that lots of people are familiar with (e.g. 1000 yen is about $9). These numbers make sense for people.
You may disagree, but just look at the facts. There have been lots of reports now of people who didn't understand that there was less than 1 bitcoin, or were discouraged by the notion that buying 0.05 of something felt pretty useless.
Surprise, humans are not robotic rational actors. Decades of seeing prices stated as €5.99 instead of €6 should have made that amply clear (especially in places like most of Europe where prices are rounded to the nearest 5c, i.e. they'll actually charge you €6, instead of 5.99) 
Perception really matters, and I disagree that it's just as silly to see a sandwich go for 1000 XBT than 0.00001 bitcoin or whatever example you want to make.
And again, it just gets sillier and sillier, as a 100x price increase just gets you two extra leading zeros that make no sense to most people on this planet.
It's for the same reason we sell potatos by the kilo. So you might buy two kilos of potatoes. But when talking about diamonds, we don't say '0.02 kg of diamond'. We say two grams. 
We've been doing this for centuries, it's in our culture, it's a human thing not to work with tons of leading zeros, why would you argue it's not silly to suddenly start now for no reason when our culture has shown a strong preference not to?
@_date: 2014-08-01 10:57:33
Wences is a strange fish. On the one hand he gave a great presentation on the fundamentals of bitcoin and currency in general. He's gotten the MOST bitcoin funding of any company ever, $40m. He's experienced etc.
On the other hand I've heard him say something ridiculous like 100k wallets being added per day or something, I can't remember but it was really silly. I thought he was misquoted or something but I saw multiple people repeat his statement.
But this one isn't absolutely crazy in pure numbers. 2x per year for 10 years is doable, especially from a small userbase of 1m bitcoin users scaling up to 1b users (Facebook has that number, for example, without a single customer office anywhere) using a digital currency in a digital age. Remember, 2014 is the first year we'll ship more than 1 billion SMARTphones in a single year, it sounds crazy but it's true. Imagine 2024, we can easily, easily top 3b people on mobile devices by then, perhaps even 4b by 2024. e.g. the 2017 forecast is 2.5b smartphone users, about double the 2012 number (in fact this 2x every 5y trend would put us at 6b by 2024, but that's too optimistic imo)
Not sure where you got the 4m figure from by the way, but it's way less. 1m makes more sense, perhaps up to 2m, and of those only a fraction actually use bitcoin a lot. Most just hold some. Daily active users is probably no more than 100k worldwide for example. There's about 5m wallets out there today, and many are unused or duplicates. e.g. I've opened 7 different wallets over the past 6 months alone. I'd say 1-2m is more accurate, but I tend to take the lower figure because so many of those are barely active.
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:15:33
Well actually hawala is the act of not transmitting anything.
For example, say I have money in Australia and I want to get it to the US. I have a friend in Australia who wants to get money from the US to Australia. He simply uses his US account to send me $1k and I use my Australian account to send him the equivalent in AUD. No international transaction ever happened and national transactions are generally as cheap as bitcoin.
As for Western Union, agreed they could use bitcoin. It'd be pretty interesting to see. I doubt their fees would go down a lot though, I fear that Western Union fees aren't so much in the transactions (it's not like WU doesn't have an easy, low-cost digital system themselves) or even in currency exchange (with 75 billion annual volume and low-volatility fiat currencies, it's easy to source at good rates) but that the fees are mostly in the brick and mortar. WU has 0.5 million locations in 200 countries which is absolutely crazy and probably costs a lot, regardless if they started using bitcoin internally.
@_date: 2014-04-15 14:17:43
Anytime mate :D Glad to see thoughtful questions here at Moronic Monday!
@_date: 2014-09-30 19:14:53
This is pretty sweet. I'm expecting this to be built on top of bitcoin.
Jon Matonis actually spoke on this just 1-2 days ago at the Sibos conference. Basically there's a load of people who say 'blockchain is interesting for reasons XYZ but the currency aspect isn't our focus'. The problem with that statement is that the currency aspect creates the incentives that the blockchain relies on. After all, Bitcoin didn't SOLVE the byzantine general's problem, Bitcoin created an incentive model that aligns the generals if they act in their own self-interest. That incentive model is based on the notion that bitcoins have value.
So the only way to really launch an impactful cryptology based blockchain is to launch a currency, too. And that's just really tricky, with 99/100 cryptocurrencies being pretty insecure. There's a chance they'll turn that into a reddit currency, but they'd need to create an entire ecosystem around it, create exchanges for it etc, and create a strong incentive model for miners, or merge mine it, without clear benefits over building it ontop of the open and secure protocol that is bitcoin. I think it'd be a vastly more sensible idea to build it ontop of colored bitcoin satoshis, which would be a huge, biggest-ever, testcase for bitcoin as an asset ledger.
Curious to see how they'll try to approach this. And cautious, too, all of this is just an idea at this point it seems.
@_date: 2014-05-06 15:12:44
Apple can do whatever it wants on its platform. For example, a manufacturer can't sue a supermarket if the supermarket doesn't want to put its products on the shelves. The supermarket can sell whatever the hell it wants. 
@_date: 2014-05-01 08:41:44
By the way, Larry doesn't think bitcoin will be the solution. He thinks it introduces some really powerful ideas which the financial markets will adopt to to continue competing and to improve their products and services. He's not actually bullish on bitcoin.
Still, for previous Minister of Finance (Clinton), Chief Economist at the World Bank, Professor of Economics at and President of Harvard, to come out and say bitcoin has a lot of potential and it shouldn't be written off as illegitimate is powerful stuff.
@_date: 2014-10-03 02:55:51


Promoting other companies is a great idea, I agree. Very suspicious of these guys. /s
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:44:47
Personally I'd say no, in a utopian world I'd like to see personal care given on a personal basis. i.e. if someone loses all their money (on Mt. Gox) and ends up broke, he or she is supplied with a basis income. 
The contrary to this is to try and solve it at an institutional level, which is that if some institution goes broke, it's saved. 
In both cases there's a redistribution of wealth which I'm very comfortable with. The key difference is that in the latter, the bail-out, the broken institution lives on.
And that's an issue. I think we can all rejoice Mt. Gox is gone and that the likeliness of it happening again went down (not to zero, but it went down) because it wasn't rescued. It's a lesson for the future. It's a hard-reset of all the toxicity. A bail-out lets the toxic stay and this time it's bigger because an already shitty company is now in a position of even more debt / obligations, when it wasn't in a position to even function without those obligations, debt and duties. It's not a solution.
I lost nothing at Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:35:47
They also run Takeaway.com in Europe/Scandinavia. 
Anyway it's fairly old news, but extremely useful. I can order from hundreds of restaurants in my city, online, using bitcoin. It's crazy easy. In total in the Netherlands there are 5.000 restaurants to order from using bitcoin without them knowing it.
The best thing? It's cheaper. Buy €20 of food and iDeal (biggest online payment processor in the Netherlands) costs €1. Pay with Visa/Mastercard is €1.17. Paypal, same thing, 1.17. Bitcoin? Free.
So yes, you pay 5% or more for every purchase unless you use bitcoin. I think that's pretty powerful stuff.
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:09:25
Haha, are you guys kidding? You're not like, 7 years old right, secretly talking eloquently on Reddit?
To say that, in our day and age, it is inconcievable to see a law prohobiting anyone from owning, accepting or sending bitcoin, you're joking yourself.
I don't expect to see such a law, that is why I have all money I can afford to lose (&gt;10k) in Bitcoin. But let's not kid ourselves and mistake what's right for what's likely to happen. 
Just like owning or distributing child porn (storing 1s and 0s that, when loaded in some video-software is actually child porn) is completely illegal because it's an effective way to prevent our children from harm and exploitation, you can make the same argument about Bitcoin. It doesn't have to be correct, just like spending a trillion dollars fighting terrorism when statistics show one is multiple times as likely to get hit by a lightning bolt than to die from a terrorist attack isn't right. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:22:43
It'd absolutely be interested in the discussion if it was a fair one. Semantics matter. This notion that Li Ka-Shing individually cashes out his 31b of China and cashes his wealth into bitcoin is ridiculous.
Look, I'd be really interested if Li-Ka Shing individually purchased bitcoin, made remarks on bitcoin or even invested into a bitcoin company in any significance. But the fact of the matter is, we've never heard any of that, and his investment in BitPay was through Horizon, a fund he didn't start or own, he became part of it only recently, and it's one of Horizons smallest investments that isn't even mentioned in their website's portfolio. The investment was likely to have been around 700k of which he likely didn't bring more than half to the table. 
So this notion that someone rich spent 350k on a company a long time ago (this isn't news) on a bitcoin company, through a fund he didn't start, is good news, but it's not new news.
And to wrap it up into such an extremely hyperbolic title is ridiculous considering it's about 0.001% of his portfolio. Yes, a tiny fraction of a percent. To then say 'cashes out of China cashes into bitcoin' is just not cool. It's partly why a lot of people don't take bitcoin people serious.
In short, yes I like the news, but semantics matters. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:28:36
Haha yeah it's definitely hollywood movie material if he wasn't such a socially awkward and ugly person who cost hundreds of thousands of people money and probably bankrupted a number of them. 
@_date: 2014-08-24 13:32:12
That was my thought when Bash started on tuesday, but I've liked the topics. It created some quick and easy chatter about regular stuff in one place, and kept the page free for larger articles/discussions/topics. It's a bit of a slow day today (and still early in the US) but so far I think it's a promising experiment, wouldn't mind trying it through September and evaluating.
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:55:47
Just as compliant as ATLAS, CoinMKT, Coinbase exactly, which as far as I can see, isn't fully compliant as an exchange as you need a MSB license in every state you have customers residing. Most exchanges only have one such license in one state and activities in all states. Kraken seems to be the only one who acknowledged this and stopped their US operations until it could get the proper licenses needed.
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:05:03
Not a chance. Look, Panterra and SecondMarket both took about 6-12 months to get to roughly $100m bitcoins. SM hasn't even gotten there, it's at like $66mm. And they offer securities that anyone can buy in their 401k, pensionfunds could buy this thing if they wanted to, any wealthy individual, ceo, investor, family fund, sovereign wealth fund... they could buy these things but they don't, only in small amounts.
So for a bitcoin security to gain $66m in value over the course of a year, but for an ETF to do more than 16 times that amount in 1/100th as many days (1600x the performance of the bitcoin security) is pretty unlikely. There isn't THAT much hype.
I mean don't forget, the winks have what, $50m of assets in bitcoin? If that's their liquidity pool for the fund, then they'll need the price of bitcoin to go up by 20x in 3 days (equivalent to the price of $500 going to $10.000 in 3 days and for the bitcoin market cap to go to $160b) or require of them to buy something like $750m of bitcoin on an exchange in 3 days, while total daily exchange volume is about $15m - 20m usually.
In short, it's completely unrealistic. Gold is an $8 trillion dollar market, that's 1000x of bitcoin. To expect a bitcoin fund to perform the same as a gold fund in terms of market size is ridiculous. Some of the above approximations are off, but the general idea for me is clear, $1b in under 3 days is very unlikely.
Still it'll very likely make a cannon-ball level splash. I think the ETF will be absolutely huge for bitcoin. It'll bring in market cap, liquidity, new investments, confidence, mainstream acceptance, approval and open up a ton of new business opportunities that require more liquidity. But let's not say it has a chance of doing $1b in assets in under 3 days :P
@_date: 2014-06-21 16:45:35
Chargebacks are useful in a world of pull payments. (e.g. someone obtains your CC details because you provide them everytime you make a payment and then makes transactions using those details). But with a push transaction (like cash or bitcoin), a chargeback is silly.
@_date: 2014-06-16 22:09:59
omg, that brings me back like 10 years hanging out in chat rooms as a 13 year old haha those times were ridiculous
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:36:15
Small individual acts of kindness exist? Well that changes everything doesn't it?
No, of course it doesn't. That exists anywhere humans exist. Yes, there are stories of individual acts of kindness, but there are a lot of stories of pure exploitation, too. On the contrary there's this systematic level of nepotism, materialism, exploitation, waste and misogyny in Dubai that makes it such a disgusting place for me. All the bought modernities built by poor import-labour don't hide the fact it's quite a medieval country. I've got friends who live in Dubai too and one of them doesn't any longer after he had his passport fucked with over and over. Now he can't visit his family any longer and lost all his money there. I'm an arab, he's an arab who's a highly educated polyglot who speaks multiple languages and is extremely humble, self-sacrifising, always calm and well-spoken, a true muslim in many ways. If he had such troubles, I'm can't imagine some of the ordeals of poor immigrants and their stories are hardly surprising.
That doesn't mean I don't put Dubai into a historical context. Yes, it's true it's only been around for 45 years and is obviously in transition, but that doesn't mean I won't call it a disgusting place if I see reason to.
@_date: 2014-04-13 00:45:56
It was absolutely coherent to me, don't get me wrong. But mainstream people really need a different first introduction. After that, you can go into as many (technical) details as you'd like.
Talking points, anecdotes, analogies and one-liners are really crucial in a first introduction. You used some of them, but I think for anyone who has the involvement and influence you have in the bitcoin space, it's important to really have a story like that more or less rehearsed which you can put to use flexibly.
For example, a talking point would be a simple one: transaction fees on bitcoin for merchants, paid out in fiat the same day, costs less than half of what a creditcard company charges. Then mention that entire industries run on 1-2% profit margins (e.g. Supermarkets have 1-2% margins, Amazon has had about 1% margins the past years). In other words, switching to bitcoin would let them double their operating margins. That's a massive, quick talking point.
A one liner could be what email was to mail, bitcoin is to paper money. Yes, that's not really completely true and there are many caveats to this statement, but it's probably still a good idea to talk about things in familiar terms. Look at the computer for example, it's mired in terminology we're familiar with, the so called desktop metaphor. You have a desktop with folders in which you have files that you can put in the recycle bin, and the earliest applications were a 'notepad'. Humans always need some kind of familiarity to grasp things. (e.g. the first television shows were radio shows with a camera pointed at them).
If someone says Mt. Gox, you can say Mt. Gox had little to do with bitcoin in that they might as well have been trading gummy bears. After all, the important thing to note here is that Mt. Gox transactions were fully off-chain (therefore against bitcoin's nature, or more to the point, not part of the bitcoin network) and they did not use any of the cryptographic security that bitcoin offers. (e.g. air-gapped cold storage is impossible to steal by a hacker. No multi-signature failsafes or cryptographic auditing.) In other words, it's the opposite of what a distributed bitcoin-based trustless exchange could look like in a few years and is not representative of the technology, it's merely testament to the fact that in an early-adoption stage, even incompetent parties can compete for users because of a lack of competing suppliers of services. You always have this problem. A few years from now, no customer would accept an unaudited, incompetent, non-trustless exchange because they have a better alternative available. Seen in this way, Mt. Gox was anti-bitcoin, an example of what bitcoin allows us to prevent as long as we use the protocol properly. 
Mt. Gox can be spinned into an example of failure when you have centralized trusted systems, as opposed to decentralized trustless systems. Mt. Gox can be spoken of in a positive way promoting more use of bitcoin to prevent the problems with non-trustless systems. People can make up their own mind what to think about that, but it makes a lot of sense.
Anyway, such a snappy introduction is not easy, I wouldn't be able to do it myself without a lot of preperation. What I'm trying to say is that for someone as involved as you, with opportunities to speak to regarded audiences, I think it's important to spend a lot of time on this preparation. Of course public speaking isn't your job, but when you're on that stage it's the only thing that matters to the audience.
I've yet to see someone do a Steve Jobs presenting the Iphone-type presentation on bitcoin, or anything close, to be honest. I hope you'll consider spending more time preparing your delivery next time you get to speak again. Not trying to say 'do a speech' or do something rigid, it can be entirely conversational, but due to bitcoin's many facets it's too easy to sidetrack every 15 seconds and end up not delivering any key points, that's why it's probably a good idea to think of a few key points you really want to convey, and how your audience would best understand that. But you know all this, you pretty much announced you'd try to do just this right before you started speaking.
Love your attitude and I'm glad to have you working in the bitcoin space and I hope to see you speak again. Thanks for all your work so far and representing the community :)
@_date: 2014-06-21 19:23:51
Yes just like everything else. You can DoS attack google, facebook, twitter, every creditcard company. Basically, any network that has a limited bandwidth (i.e. every network ever conceived) can be attacked by using up the bandwidth.
It's not a huge concern, things still work but just slower. And to really mess up the network you'd need to invest loads to actually attack the network, and then you could block those attacks and throttle certain users etc. So it's not a big deal, but it's just good practice that's all :)
@_date: 2014-06-16 16:57:40
Whoops was supposed to comment to the comment you commented on which was a comment to my comment! If you follow, hehe.
My bad.
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:01:22
Personally I'm not extremely excited about this.
If a merchant that sells food adopts bitcoin, that's cool. People pay with bitcoin, Bitpay sells the bitcoin, Bitpay pays the food guy. You get the food, you eat it. You then buy more bitcoin and buy more food.
But here, Bitpay sells your bitcoin and you get gold. The gold is not consumed, it's stored. You've now switched from bitcoin as a store of value to gold as a store of value. All the early adopters of bitcoin can now cash out easily into something that's not fiat.
Now I don't see this as some big threat to bitcoin. If you don't believe in bitcoin, have it, and rather get gold, that's your choice and everyone's free to do that. So I don't see it as a bad thing at all. But I definitely don't see it as something really positive to get excited over. Frankly I'm not quite sure why others do. Perhaps if it was a two-way street (sell gold for bitcoin, too) I'd have been more excited.
@_date: 2014-04-06 11:50:18
I think so, I'd be happy to hear otherwise.
Again, imagine you have blocks with 1 transaction over and over again, and say that transaction costs 1 bitcoin (hypothetical) and there are 10 equal miners who can break even on their costs (which means over time they average 0.1 bitcoin in revenue every 10 minutes, and spend 0.1 bitcoin in electricity/hardware fees every 10 minutes).
Now imagine the users start using bitcoin 10x as much. Instead of 1 transaction per block, it's 10 transactions per block. Those 10 miners together will still only need 1 bitcoin every 10 minutes to be profitable. So floating transaction fees (which is in the works) causes miners to accept 0.1 bitcoins per transaction instead of 1 bitcoin, because those 10 transactions each costing 0.1 bitcoin will generate the 1 bitcoin revenue required for the 10 miners to break even and stay in business.
Of course, as transactions increase, blocks increase. This doesn't require more hashing power, but it will require more network speed, more storage and slightly more computing power to validate transactions. Fortunately, those three components are quite small compared to hashing, where the bulk of mining resources goes into. So if transactions go up by 10x, costs will probably drop by something like 9x.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:45:18
Problem is there is extremely limited liquidity in remittance markets. For example, I know of no African exchanges and localbitcoins is very limited or nonexistent virtually everywhere in Africa. There may be some small opportunities to sell bitcoin at this point, but not many. And frankly, capital controls are characteristic of low-income countries, typically remittance markets. I'd be very surprised if such countries don't clamp down on exchanges hard. Look at China, that's purely due to capital controls.
@_date: 2014-12-27 16:48:48
Tell me more, what is stopping it from being merged?
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:22:02
Bloom Filters is being worked on. Curious about the progress here.
Pruning is being worked on. Curious here, too.
So headers first has been implemented. (faster sync of the blockchain).
Dynamic fees looks like it's about done but hasn't been merged yet.
All of those affect the 1 MB block limit. We could raise 1MB to 1 billion megabytes tomorrow, that's not the issue. The issue is that it could invite a lot of abuse and spam.
So the first one is most important. When you go up to say 10 megabyte blocks, the incentive becomes bigger for miners to keep their transaction counts low, so that they win the 'block race'. (when different miners mine a block and send their block to the network at the same time, the first gets the block reward, so less data is better). With bloom filters there is no size discrimination again, every block is about as big as the other, because they just tell you which transactions that nodes already have are to be included in the block, rather than sending the transactions themselves.
The second is nice long-term. Once you increase block sizes the blockchain will become really big, so it's helpful to prune it. This can compress the data from 30 gigs to less than 1 gig without compromising the integrity of the blockchain.
The third is nice for kickstarting a blockchain. Using headers first, it's possible to sync multiple blocks at the same time, it's a lot faster to download the blockchain this way.
The last is useful as a method of spam prevention among other things. When we use just 10% of the block size, you may send a bitcoin transaction for 1 penny. But when we consistently use 90% and sometimes 100%, the cost of a transaction may go up to 25c, while the last 1% might cost a dollar. You can still send a cheap 1 penny tx, but you may need to wait a few hours for it to be mined. This way if someone wants to spam transactions it becomes very expensive very fast. It essentially turns bitcoin into a marketplace where users can buy the utility of sending money from competing miners who sell the utility of including your transaction into a block with real-time dynamic market prices. It helps a lot with offsetting issues with transaction limits and helps us shift the financing of bitcoin from block rewards to transaction fees in the long-run.
It will probably be another 12 months until we see the block limit being reached. It's very likely all of the above things will happen before then. It's also likely that some of the blockchain activity will be off-loaded to sidechains and off-chain systems before then, meaning we'll likely not see us consistently hitting the 1 MB limit until 2016, just in time for a possible new rally with the bitcoin reward halving. So I think we're in a good place in terms of scheduling this. Would love to hear from the devs on this.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:51:51
2011? ugh.
@_date: 2014-08-12 12:54:54
Glad to see Boase actually go out there, try something, and report back his honest feelings.
Although I do believe he's a bit too pessimistic all of a sudden. He quotes 5% remittance as being low and western union being fine. Then he quotes BitPesa at 3% which is a fee that can and will come down, with the ability to buy bitcoin for 0% already (e.g. at Circle) we're already seeing competitive edges in what is considered a highly competitive market already (remittance in Kenya is relatively cheap, for Africa it's 9-10%)
Anyway there's just a lot of things Boase is missing and he seems to draw some broad conclusions on the basis of a single failed experiment that had the wrong approach.
In short, I love the fact he went there and tried, and I think one of our top priorities should be to stay away from hyperbolic evangelical bs, but his experiences don't dimish the opportunity or potential in the region. And to be honest, I kinda sorta coulda told him that 3 internet-based tablets + no local bitcoin economy wouldn't have worked out. It's the equivalent of buying a supercomputer for 3 mom &amp; pop shops in Healdsburg, CA and expecting them to do something useful with it, and then concluding that bitcoin or computers have no purpose.
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:12:23
Best way is to set up a Coinbase account I guess. It's a free wallet and you can set up long-term money vaults.
Second best way is just to give them a paper wallet. You do the work, tell them to keep it safe, and when bitcoin becomes useable for them, help them load it onto a nice and easy wallet.
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:48:12
Considering they grow 10% month over month, despite competitors also growing 10% month over month (blockchain.info, bitpay), I'd say no, not really. Internet-comparison-alert, it's a bit like if there were two large, professional, notable ISPs in the whole world and they charged very little already. 
But it's an interesting discussion. I think 2014 is too soon though. But when you suddenly see either Bitpay or Coinbase haul in 2-3 large merchants, it's probable the other will react aggresively in its value offering. But they seem to be able to grow just fine without competing. Much faster growth than 10% MoM can be problematic over a long period of time.
Let's not forget, on the consumer side, Coinbase competes with two main areas. Exchanges, which Coinbase competes with by focusing on user-friendliness, exchanges are a bigger hassle than Coinbase. And ATMs, which Coinbase competes easily with on price, usually at about 1/5th of the cost. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:40:08
Aah time will tell buddy! Your example would certainly not surprise me, it makes a lot of sense.
But it's very hard to say, technology moves so fast and time and time again I'm surprised at how things turn out, who saw tablets, smart watches, google glass or bitcoin coming! If google glass works out, it just might replace your phone in 10 years, so your 'level two' might not be a phone, but something completely different.
But indeed, if we make it more abstract, I do think there will be a 'safe vault' and a 'somewhat safe wallet'. How that actually looks, I'm not sure.
For example, Circle is now really working on hiding bitcoin, and it talks about bitcoin as digital currency. So you're not necessarily holding bitcoin, rather you're holding fiat currency in a digital form that's instant and free to move around worldwide. 
But it makes sense that you have some strong vault, e.g. co-managed by a security-oriented service who shares multi-signature keys with you. What this means is that they can never steal your money, as you hold part of the keys. But if someone steals your keys, they also need to defraud the security-service, too. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 14:37:26
Hehe I will after this. I have nothing against McKenna, a friend of mine is a big fan and I think much of what he says sounds like beautiful nonsense, but I don't mind it if people find meaning in something regardless of whether it's meaningful or completely meaningless (like Jesus in your cereal). But the comparison to bitcoin is a bit too much of a stretch for me. It's like saying 'I see god in everything', you can apply it anywhere and turn a technical innovation that has practical application in societies and communities into something overly spiritual or religious. At that point I say, give me a break :p
In any case, appreciate all the downvotes, thank you. McKenna would've wanted this LOL. Sorry for that last one bit, the rest wasn't in jest.
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:30:39
If mining costs $10 and generates $15, that's $5 of profit. There's no way any miner would rent the equipment for less than $15. 
After all, if you offer to pay $12 for $15 of earnings, the miner wouldn't sell you the contract, because he has $10 of expenses and is left with $2 instead of $5.
So you must pay more than $15, say $16. Guess what, the earnings are $15. So for every $16 you invest, you get $15. 
That's the basic idea in theory. In practice, just look at the numbers. 1 bitcoin buys you 138 GH/S at the moment. At normal difficulty rate growth, 138 GH/S makes 0 bitcoin after 8 months. Before that, it will generate about 0.4 bitcoin. If you look at the CEX.io market for GH/S the value of 1 GH/S is 18 times less than 8 months ago, meaning if you resell your 138 GH/S after 8 months and add it to your earnings, and subtract the fees you must pay, you're left with about 0.45 bitcoin for your 1 bitcoin investment.
I wish more people would run the numbers. There's lots of post all over the place showing this is a net negative investment, but apparently not enough.
1 upvote @_date: 2014-04-06 00:05:08
I'd hope so!
@_date: 2014-08-04 08:59:18
Sadly this is a community born out of hate, to an extent. There's a huge anti-establishment sentiment, and whenever a company has a hint of the image of e.g. legacy banking, that's it for them. 
Circle went there through some comments about the need for regulatory clarity by its CEO. Everyone ignored this is the same CEO that hired people from the Electronic Frontier Foundation, digitized all works of Noam Chomsky, arguably the biggest anarchistic anti-establishment scholar in the world, built a communications platform for native american tribal schools and comes from a milieu of social justice, his parents being activists, run halfway houses etc. But he also built a billion dollar product before and said the ecosystem needs regulatory clarity, oh and he's building a product with a limited beta instead of launching in full to everyone on day one which is a mortal sin in this world somehow, so everyone hates him for being a corporate bankster or something to that effect.
And Wences, Xapo's CEO, is similar. He's one of the most fanatic bitcoin speakers I've heard of, if you can mock anyone for drinking the bitcoin kool-aid, he's a pretty good target. He sees bitcoin revolutionizing everything and going to $500k a coin. You'd think the bitcoin fanatics would love him. But because his company thought they could offer something cheaper than they actually could, told everyone at product launch before anyone had to pay a dime or actually received the product, and waived their pre-order fees, he's suddenly a lying corporate retard worse than Mt. Gox.
It's these moments that I shake my head and remember why people praised the Doge community, despite having owned 0 doge, not subbing to and having been part of this subreddit since the day I opened my account. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:37:10
'operating normally' is bitcoin up by thousands of percent in the last 5 years, while the dollar's 3% average inflation the past 10 years comes out at 27% loss of purchasing power for the dollar. Whoopdedoo.
@_date: 2014-07-07 17:52:56
No, that's the whole point of bitcoin. If it's just a random address, there's no way to derive the private key from that... otherwise everyone's money would be unsafe.
But it's not a problem. Again there are lots of things built-in to prevent sending money to the wrong address, like checksums. Bitcoin was designed for that. So typing in the wrong address has a 1/4 billion chance of working. So if you type in the wrong address 10 times a week, you would never ever type it wrong, even if you'd have lived for thousands or millions of years.
But more importantly, we probably won't be typing in addresses in the first place to actually send money. You'll just send money to someone's email, or facebook or phone or reddit. Like this 1 upvote, no mistyped address possible here ;)
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:31:53
Wow lol. Was that the best example you could find of billions of examples of reap what you sow, also known to everyone worldwide as 'investing'? Cannons? Haha, you made my day.
@_date: 2014-04-30 23:17:40
More importantly, Summers was President of Harvard, Professor of Economics at Harvard, Chief economist at the World Bank and Minister of Finance to Bill Clinton's cabinet. His advisory role to Obama was probably his least important endeavor. 
He seems to understand a few things quite clearly. Firstly that our financial system bears huge costs of fraud that's inherent to the design of the system (e.g. chargebacks), costs of settling, costs of transactions, conversion, security etc. The World Bank has desperately called for costs of remittances to to go down for decades. However he's not certain that bitcoin will be the solution, and that's fine.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:55:31
that's hilarious
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:50:50
Feel free to post a more concise version of my crappy explanation in the first post, or as a new thread if you'd like.
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:10:04
Indeed but I wanted to make the distinction as Ben said he was speaking on a personal level and not as a representative. But the Moolah director kept bringing the foundation into this when Ben never said 'the foundation wants' or 'the foundation thinks' or 'the foundation demands' or anything like that. It felt as if Moolah was really trying to play the community by painting them as the centralized bureaucrats trying to control everything and look into everyone's private records. When Ben pretty much just said 'Let the company make a 5 minute call, I'll pay for it, you're not obligated to but it'd be a lot less suspicious and no effort whatsoever'.
@_date: 2014-10-15 15:54:04
App looks and works great. Although, as you yourself have said, we don't tend to check the price on a daily basis, and even google has integrated a price index for bitcoin into their search, making the 100th price-app not very interesting.
Of course this isn't a standalone type of thing, it's the groundwork for perhaps tracking a future ETF for example. You mentioned awesome things in the pipeline, is there anything you could disclose about the progress of your ETF, perhaps talk a little bit about common hurdles to overcome and where you're at now, or about any new projects?
Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-05-10 08:47:21
exactly, but that's a whole different story than 'alleged pedophile'. As far as I've read, he's never been accused of having sex with minors at all. In fact, during the time of one of these first cases (against one of his colleagues, not him) he was 17-18 himself.
@_date: 2014-05-26 14:20:58
I'll happily join your cult and be the first of your apostles! 
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:51:28
It's in the works.
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:24:26
They're definitely hiring (quite fast, too. like 50% more people in the past two months). 
I think they had to wait for a bit more venture capital. They have about 1 million users, if they all spend $10 it means they make about $100k. That's below average annual salary for a typical San Fransisco software engineer. 
I think they'll scale up like crazy in 2014 though. Their user growthrate indicates at least an order of magnitude (10x) growth in userbase between '13 and '14, and that's a conservative estimate and they just got a bit of extra VC funding. Look at Bitpay, they're now at 24 employees, April last year they posted about how they *expanded* to 7 employees. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 11:53:56
50/50 :D?
@_date: 2014-12-13 14:37:33


That's partially untrue, partially not the point. First, in loads of states it's completely legal to do so (about 80% or so I'd say). Second, the point is not to charge a surcharge (which is illegal just a few places), but to discount a non-CC purchase (which IS legal in almost every state in the US). It sounds a bit weird, but that's the system: the CC price is the 'base' price, and the cash one is discounted (legal virtually everywhere). Instead of the cash price being the base price, and the CC price being a surcharge (illegal in 11 states).
Outside of the US, it's often not even so ambiguous. In the UK for example there has been a law allowing price discrimination for decades.
You can see some of the statutes here per state:
Only do 11 states prohibit surcharges on creditcards, but many of those do explicitly allow discounts for e.g. cash, so even here you can discount. The other roughly 40 states do not prohibit these surcharges at all, nor prohibit discounts for other prices. In other words, you are legally allowed to discount virtually everywhere.
@_date: 2014-09-13 14:49:01
Absolutely, but I don't see Paypal doing it until it has to. So for me it's not a question of if Paypal will do it, it's a question of whether they're required to. And if that question is answered with 'yes', it no longer matters if Paypal does it or not. That's all. But I absolutely agree, if Paypal somehow chose to forgo 3-5% fees it charges me (I use Paypal as a business and as a user) and offer the low-fee bitcoin services we've come to expect, then that'd be awesome, it'd be the single biggest thing to have happened as it potentially hooks up 150m people with a bitcoin wallet and a relatively trusted brand (despite people hating the brand, too). But again, I just don't see that happen until they're forced to, at which point it has become irrelevant whether they'll do it or not.
@_date: 2014-07-29 10:42:20
What would be the security vulnerability of moving funds out of that address? I'm not familiar. 
There may be a privacy leak. (e.g. if I let my employer send me my monthly wage to address X, and then every time I send my wife some money for whatever reason I first take it out of address X, then as she knows that address X belongs to me, she can deduce the size of my salary, which some people tend to want to keep private). But a security risk, not necessarily, no.
Let's not forget what 'sending bitcoins' means. It just means that you build a transaction and broadcast it. This transaction is essentially a message saying 'these bitcoins in address X, I own them, which I prove by signing this message with my private key that everyone can verify is linked to address X, and I want to send them to address Y', you then sign it with your private key, and then you go to the bitcoin network and broadcast it to everyone. Everyone then includes it in the next block they're trying to mine, and once the block is found, it's in the blockchain so everyone knows the bitcoins in the blockchain are now in address Y instead of X.
So far so good.
Now the security risk is, when you sign the transaction with a private key, can someone steal the private key? Well, if you have a computer with malware on it and keyloggers, and malware that logs your clipboard and reads your files or takes screenshots, then yes. Once you copy/paste or type in your private key, it can be stolen. And so if you had placed money into an address engraved in metal, and then have its private key stolen because you made a transaction, yes that piece of metal is now worthless and never to be used again for storing bitcoin!
BUT. There's no necessity to make transactions on a malware-infected computer. And in fact, it doesn't necessarily matter if it's malware infected.
For example, if I have a computer whose internet connection is permanently disabled. Such as an old laptop, a $50 old smartphone, a $30 raspberry pi or whatever, then I could simply build the transaction on that computer, completely offline. The private key would be on that computer, and even if malware on the computer saw the private key, they'd have no way to communicate it back to a remote hacker, because it's not connected through internet, bluetooth, whatever network.
You can then e.g. take a USB stick and take the signed transaction off, to another computer that is connected to the internet, and broadcast the transaction. This way the private key is still safe, and your metal engraved address can still be used for storing money.
I'm not aware of any other security issues with sending bitcoins from address X, compromising the security of address X. Let me know if there's something I'm missing! :)
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:40:07
Just because an individual like you (or me, by the way), thinks of prices in an everyday setting in terms of fiat, doesn't mean there's no bitcoin price for a certain good. In the same way that if a Mexican businessman wants to move to the US and buy a house with the mexican pesos he earned from his Mexican business, there's a price in mexican pesos on the house he's considering, even though the seller denominates it in dollars. And when, say the Mexican peso's money supply drops sharply and its value shoots up, even good not denominated by sellers (such as the house, listed in dollars) will drop in price relative to the peso, i.e. deflation of prices in peso. There's a real economic relation here. 
And we're seeing it in bitcoin all the time, the first bitcoin purchase was 10k bitcoin for a pizza, now you can buy multiple pizzas for 0.1 bitcoin. That's deflation right there. (By the way, I've ordered quite a few pizzas that were denominated in bitcoin at the checkout.)
This is in response to:




@_date: 2014-04-04 00:28:32
Last post of this topic is by the CEO of N&amp;B explaining why he left and when he left. (e.g. left for the first time because he ran out of money and went looking for investors).
Also check the first post for the businessplan/prospectus. (which states the earnings they expect in the three scenarios they expect, each based on bitcoin appreciating in value).
Apart from this, there's a greek news article from Cyprus media where his colleagues mention they were left unpaid. Other than this, nobody on reddit / bitcointalk / havelock heard anything about liquidity problems, about him looking for investors etc. And Andreas posted on Twitter he reached out to Danny but heard nothing back and knew not where he was or what was going on.
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:34:25
Call SecondMarket.
If you have a little bit more time, I'd personally go with Bitstamp, or e.g. Kraken in the EU. The fees are low, the service is professional and you can get verified pretty quickly nowadays.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:46:33
Remember when the FED said they have no way to regulate bitcoin? It's because they don't make laws in general, much less on non-currencies.
The Central Bank cannot ban or criminalize anything. They can instruct their banks not to trade in bitcoins which is essentially the news in December. So the claims made are 
* 1) from a small news organisation without any source, links to the documents, official word from the central bank or any exchanges that supposedly received this information. (i.e. total bullshit.
* 2) Nonsensical because it would mean the Central Bank is a legislative authority which isn't the case in any country anywhere.
So, nothing new people, buy cheap and move on.
@_date: 2014-04-22 16:42:51
Ah, I see now. Thanks.
A few things to add for context though. One is that they say the figure is going to come down. Two is that the filing is from July 2013 when bitcoin's price was $100, just one tenth of its peak price and a fifth of today's price. It's likely the 10k figure was linked to some dollar amount, as they say it's used to cover expenses. As such, it's likely if the ETF actually launches later this year, the figure is much smaller, 1k wouldn't be surprising given they announced this figure to come down proportionally. The ETF is also scheduled to launch either late this year or next year, at which point I expect a figure of say 1k to be more than small enough to allow arbitrage given liquidity will be much higher then, too. (e.g. exchange traded volume is about 6x what it was when the ETF was filed for last year). But more importantly, the ETF seems to want to function first and foremost like the BIT does, not as a high-frequency exchange, but rather as a low-frequency long-term investment vehicle. Lack of highly liquid arbitrage opportunities is not an issue for such a market, and given bitcoin's characteristics a long-term view is entirely suitable.
Thanks for clarifying! :)
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:56:33
He is talking about the ability to create infinite forks and infinite blockchains, not to change Bitcoin per se. The error here is that these infinite blockchains have no utility because they have no value, and thus there is no incentive for securing the mining process, and thus it has no utility as a safe transfer of value. So the original blockchain is still unique in its scarcity of coins that also have utility.
But he is right in saying that the ledger system isnt scarce, it can be created infinitely, but that coins in a particular ledger can not, like the kisses vs the kisses of Pamela. But it's a bit meaningless, arguing semantics without any interesting point.
@_date: 2014-07-07 22:39:15
Coinbase has done this from day one, it's called legal compliance and if you use multiple accounts under different names apparently you get flagged and have to explain. It sucks but hey... let's just say that, if bitcoin does ever take off, you won't need these on and offramps anymore where you'll need to explain yourself for stuff like this.
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:29:21
Well... For context, a modern off the shelf $200 CPU you'll find in a typical gamer computer can probably do about 5-6 million signature verifications per block.
A 100mb block only contains about 175k transactions. So a decent off the shelf CPU could indeed do 4 gigabyte blocks in terms of verifying transactions.
Whether a pentium 2 could do 100mb blocks... maybe not, but then that's 100x today's bitcoin on a CPU from 1997! It'll probably be pretty close though :p
@_date: 2014-07-27 10:28:46
Sure I'll explain. So it's because you're offering services in New York, in short.
For example, say slavery / drugs / grenades were legal everywhere but in the world except the US, would it make sense for someone from France to be able to sell these products in the US legally? No. So despite being located elsewhere, producing, trading and profiting elsewhere, the moment you service someone from the US, you must abide by US law in that particular deal.
The same goes for harmless software. If it has customers in New York, you must abide by NY laws that are relevant to your software. 
The only thing you could do is register each customer's place of residence (e.g. by logging IP, or requiring proof of residence like a utility bill when the customer signs up) and then deny service to anyone from New York, or abide by NY laws. 
But seeing as the NY law is likely going to be a template for the rest of the world to some extent, it's very important for us to try to shape it in a way that doesn't kill innovation and any bitcoin startup.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:59:08
The thing is, 7% fees are double, triple or even quadruple the fees of creditcards, cash payments or debit payments. EVEN IF every single online shop in the US/EU for example would take bitcoin and you didn't have to cash out, it'd still be way more expensive than fiat and requires multiple steps, requires going to a central location to obtain coins, secure your wallet, then make payments online. It's a ridiculous premise.
7% fees can still compete in the remittance industry, but we can't expect typical recipients of remittance (often illiterate, let alone computer-illiterate people in countries with limited internet penetration and very limited internet businesses) to not cash out. A bitcoin is probably as useless today as it will be in 5 years from now in remote parts of India where most houses don't have toilets or direct electricity for example, compared to fiat's usefulness, it's a problem way bigger than bitcoin. So here, too, the fees are way too high because people need to cash out.
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:51:35
Not sure. Look bitcoin isn't actually illegal in China, the government explicitly said it's legal and that anyone can own it and trade it. They just clamped down in a much more low-key manner. They've sent a huge message.
I mean strictly speaking Alibaba could do it, but I just don't think it's likely they will. Let's look at the hesitance of some US companies after bitcoin was deemed legal by congress and the IRS and Fincen and various state legislators. And that's for private companies.
Now look at Alibaba, it's extremely close to the government. It's private only in a technical sense. (e.g. the recent IPO? Not a sale of actual shares of Alibaba, it's more of an Alibaba ETF that gives people exposure to the company value, through the Cayman islands by the way.) and the government has clamped down hard.
That tells me they've got no reason to take a risk. 
Besides that though, the non-China market for Alibaba is still pretty limited, as is bitcoin's potential in markets with developed financial systems. Bitcoin was cool in China because about 50% of ecommerce in places like China and India are paid for using COD, cash-on-delivery, due to a lack of 95%+ penetration rates for (online) banking services and online payment processing. That situation is changing rapidly, btw, but that's why bitcoin was even a thing to consider for Alibaba. Abroad, it's much less interesting, it's just an 'extra' to credit/paypal/stripe/sofort etc.
So I doubt they'll try to integrate bitcoin for tens of thousands of merchants in the off-chance one of their few non-Chinese users also happens to own bitcoin, at the risk of messing with the government they're so intimately familiar with.
@_date: 2014-02-21 12:45:50
I do as much as the next guy. What I'm saying is this: no open and functioning exchange has prices that are 80% lower than the average of a plethora of other exchanges. The only exchanges that have a price like that are incompetent, idiotic ones. Now, it's clear that any technical problems that Bitcoin exchanges had to deal with were dealt with in 48 hours by everyone except Mt. Gox. We also know that Mt. Gox stands to gain by 1) creating massive volume, which is the only thing they get fees from. 2) creating cheap coins only Mt. Gox can sell anywhere else. They essentially created a gigantic monopoly arbitrage opportunity allowing them to make tons of money and become solvent again if they weren't.
So yes, while I know an exchange creates a price between supply and demand and Mt. Gox only facilitates in theory, it's clear that Mt. Gox can and is manipulating both price and demand with withdraw restrictions, lies and uncertainty that it is absolutely responsible for driving the price to 20%, just as its policies before were absolutely responsible for driving the price to 120%.
So if you really need me to rephrase, I'd say imagine I started a company allowing people to trade Google Shares, then restricted them from withdrawing their Google Shares to use/sell anywhere else, then lied about plenty of things causing suspicion my company would not survive and everyone would lose their shares, then yes, the price would drop to 20% at my exchange. And yes, at that point I could buy these shares from the users and sell them elsewhere. It's a scam pure and simple.
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:17:55
He is, he's core developer for bitcoinj, the java implementation of bitcoin (different from the C++ implementation). It doesn't make him any less of a 'core developer' and all 'your' core developers applaud different implementations like bitcoinj all the time.
In virtually all articles, interviews and presentations he's generally announced or referred to as a core developer of bitcoin.
But no, he doesn't have e.g. gavin's rights to the C++ implementation if that's what you're talking about, but he's still a core developer :)
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:08:38
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:51:23
Cool :) So, Kraken has some impressive features and an interesting road map but a lot of things aren't enabled at the moment like leverage and I'm pretty sure shorting isn't enabled either as it requires leverage in Kraken. 
You could short at bitfinex though.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:28:51
Secondmarket's exchange will probably happen in or after the summer. Winklevoss's ETF probably Q4 of 2014, or even 2015, not sure.
@_date: 2014-04-06 11:19:16
I've heard references multiple times to this small group that *really* hates changing or solving this issue :p Could you point me to relevant discussions? I really wonder what the pros and cons are. For example I'm not personally very familiar with elegant long-term solutions. In particular, I wonder why there is such apparently strong opposition, a 3mb block would be pretty easy to implement for virtually all nodes, both in terms of software and infrastructure adjustments. I hope that there's only opposition because a hard fork is a huge logistics task that has to be executed by anyone who's got an interest in continuing to use bitcoin and that we can't lightly use it to increase the block size to 2, then 3, then 4 etc. But rather that we need one very elegant solution if we want to warrant a hard fork. I hope that this is the source of the opposition, not that it's inherently a bad idea.
It has me worried, too. But I'm still leaning towards a good ending personally. The past 12 months averaged 1/6.4th of the 1mb limit, so there's room to scale before we make up our minds. And fortunately, there's still a lot off-chain and alternative chains can help for the time being. (e.g. most exchange volume or when Coinbase customers make a payment at a Coinbase merchant, is completely off-chain).
@_date: 2014-12-22 15:11:09
Possibly some tech peeps will enjoy the idea of an 'early day' coin, perhaps such a culture will form. But there is no extra utility in it. And given it's not tangible or and doesn't have some unique visceral aspect, like a 600 year old golden coin does, I doubt you'll find anyone pay any kind of premium on this.
Maybe, if bitcoin ends up being highly influential, we'll see some of the earlier bitcoins become special. e.g. the first bitcoins Satoshi mined. But not because they have little transaction history, a coin mined in 2013 will have no transaction history either, and anyone in 2013 can make a billion addresses for you the next hour with zero transaction history.
@_date: 2014-03-19 19:09:06
Sending by sms is already offered by various parties, it's not really a bitcoin protocol issue, it just requires company's to build their own services ontop of the protocol. Some have already done this.
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:18:17
You could buy PetaMine shares or cloud hashing shares. I wouldn't recommend either, cloudhashing doesn't seem to be very profitable for users from my calculations and various stories. (google it). PetaMine looks nice and there's a real address and people behind it, but you're not really mining.
If you want to mine you'll need to invest quite a bit and yes it will be obsolete in 6 months, but is that a problem. e.g. if I sold you for $1000 a money tree that'd make $1000 per month and after 6 months it'd die, you'd buy it. Mining is FAR from that nice, but the notion it's useless in 6 months is okay if you can get a ROI before that. But you'll need to invest and take a risk.
In short I wouldn't get into mining unless you're willing to spend quite a lot of money, have a tolerance to risk and know what you're doing. 
Basically the best answer for mining is 'if you're asking about mining, you shouldn't be mining'. In the same sense that if you're asking how flying an airplane, you shouldn't be driving an airplane, you'd need to do a ton of other things before that. 
If you're interested in investing I'd just buy a small bit of bitcoin like $100 and let it sit and see where it goes while you educate yourself more on bitcoin, mining and bitcoin companies.
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:15:36
Good question.
I think there's two things to consider.
Firstly, Circle is not ran by some teenage hackers from their garage. They've got some industry veterans who ran or worked in high-level management of companies with hundreds of millions or billion-dollar valuations. That means that insurance companies can put a level of trust in them just like venture capitalists will trust Elon Musk more today with building spaceships than when he was an unknown factor, for example. Secondly, they work together with external independent cyber-security firms and financial auditing firms who both have likely made written official statements of their audits.
The insurance company then reads these audits from reputable industry leading companies who each specialize in their field. So if Goldman Sachs shows an official audit to the insurance company that the books are clean, that has value and reduces their risk-rating and thereby the cost of the insurance. If they have a surety-bond on the books (which they need as a money transmitter), then the insurer is insured itself against e.g. an inside job. If a cyber-security firm says their bitcoin cold-storage security is similarly designed to work similarly as nuclear launch code security, that also has value.
Secondly, insurance companies come in many forms. Some specialize in life-insurance, some in fire hazards, some in flood damage. The ones in flood damage have every weather map in the US in their records, have historical data of floods, have geologists working with them to advice on risk of flood in certain regions, and have financial experts purchasing options on weather to hedge their risks. (e.g. they'll pay $1m to insure against 1 in 100 years of crazy rainfall which might cause a flood).
There are also insurance firms that specialize in security and hire cyber security experts themselves. They have their own valuation models for this.
And lastly, bitcoin cold-storage security has very little to do with bitcoin. It's pretty much security of passwords (private keys) in encrypted, guarded vaults, which is something that's been important for many decades and many companies are known to this. The hot-wallet security is a different matter, it's more unique to how bitcoin works, but even this is pretty standard cyber-security stuff of safeguarding servers from cybercrime, something many companies specialize in who service the banking industry in 200 different countries. And the hot wallet is only a few percent of the total insured amount, it's mostly cold-storage which has nothing to do with computers and everything to do with securing small pieces of data (private keys), which is similar to securing e.g. precious diamonds for example. A very common thing.
In other words, it's very reasonable to expect an insurance valuation to be made. It won't be one you can get at any ol' local insurance company in your neighbourhood, but these companies exist.
But yeah, we'll have to see. Within a few months enough people will ask and they'll probably disclose who they're working with.
@_date: 2014-09-24 16:12:59
yeahh buddy
@_date: 2014-05-21 09:45:48
Awesome!! Although I sincerely hope people don't feel more comfortable using Paypal. 
For example, if he had asked a friend in Europe to log in (assuming he's American), he could have easily made claims that a European hacker (based on IP) accessed his account and not him and you'd be shit out of luck. As long as there's no way to return the bitcoins after Paypal returns the money, you're always in a position to get fucked.
@_date: 2014-03-13 12:23:07
Nobody cares about free when you're securing a few hundred million dollars and the safety deposit box costs $50 a year. 
And it really is quite simple! It takes about 20 minutes to properly set up a cold storage. And safety deposit boxes are things that can be set up or accessed within an hour. 
Again, all very trivial when you're working with an amount of value that takes an ordinary man a lifetime to accumulate (e.g. 1 million dollars)
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:57:28
Great effort. Is he on reddit? Would like to send him a small tip :)
@_date: 2014-10-10 12:49:19
It's definitely not the nightmare conspiracy that is being implied in this thread. CPI is something tons of economists who aren't government-affiliated look into all the time, and not just the government publishes and researches on inflation of prices. It's one of the most studied things in economics from all across the political spectrum.
I'm not disagreeing too much with the OP, QE will at some point have to end, and it's difficult to do that in an economy that is not growing very rapidly, especially in a world where the rest of society (the other 6 billion) are decreasingly reliant on a single reserve currency and will not put up with endless printing of it. At some point inflation will rise again and we have to hope it'll be paired with economic growth.
But I do think some of the wording is a bit hyperbolic. For example, Germany on the brink of a recession? Its unemployment rates are a full percentage point below the US and it's actually objecting to the QE plans because it's one of the few strong economies that doesn't need one (and incidentally one with a history of hyperinflation). 
@_date: 2014-03-20 13:12:41
Remember: bitcoins don't cost $600 because of how amazing the bitcoin ecosystem is today. It costs $600 because how amazing speculators expect the bitcoin ecosystem to become (in 3-5-10 years).
In other words, when I bought 10 bitcoins a few months ago, it was because I expected news like this (VC investments, growing adoption, institutional investment, government interest, prominent talent flowing into the bitcoin space). This news consolidates by investments. That doesn't mean I'm suddenly going to buy more. 
Remember, the first 10 years of bitcoin (it's already 5 years old) there is a deflationary effect on the price. For one, this year there is 11% bitcoin inflation due to mining, next year it's 10%. (it was 50% in 2011). And, nearly all bitcoins that are being spent at large retailers are cashed out, meaning a large portion (not all) of adoption currently means selling off of bitcoin. Both factors are seemingly being compensated because the price is stable, which sends a very important signal. Fact of the matter is, people are scared of insane volatility, if it goes down crazily it's dead, if it goes up crazily it's a bubble. I'm more interested in steady growth myself.
@_date: 2014-06-25 22:30:51
Which isn't actually any cheaper. There's a reason nobody is calling you to buy your roof to install their solar panels and give you an energy discount.
I love solar and support it, but fossil is subsidized and solar can't yet compete on price. It's gotten very close though. So I doubt they'll get anywhere below 18 kwh just because they have solar.
@_date: 2014-04-17 13:49:52
What about this: multi-signature.
A wants to buy at B.
A has 10 bitcoin and gives a trusted party (e.g. Google, Facebook, a bank) C half their keys.
A pays 1 btc to B, requests the transaction to be signed by C. C does this.
A then pays the same 1 btc to another party, requests the transaction to be signed by C. C doesn't do this as it's already signed a transaction. 
B is assured of no risk of double-spent at 0 confirmations, because C is a trusted counterparty.
C is an automatic service that signs every transaction that has already been signed by one other key, but only if it hasn't signed off those bitcoins already.
This does require trusted systems, but only for certain applications. (like buying a $600 playstation and not waiting 10 minutes). The entire bitcoin protocol still allows completely trustless systems for those willing to wait for 1-6 confirmations. Or, merchants add a 1% fee for any transactions not made using a trusted multi-signature party, which more than compensates for the less than 1/100 double spend attacks, for customers who wish to wait 0 seconds and wish to use no trusted multi-sig party, and don't want to use a verified wallet (e.g. Coinbase) or off-chain transaction (e.g. Coinbase customer paying Coinbase merchant) that prevents fraud.
Better description: 
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:46:33
If a redditor wants to fund my ticket in bitcoin, I'll report the whole thing here on reddit live. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:25:07
Haha, fun thought! But it doesn't work like that. Bitcoin is open source, so you can see exactly how the code works and what happens.
So it's easy to verify what happens in the mining process and how mining really is just running an algorithm to fix a random problem. The problem doesn't come from any fixed source (like trying to find a specific password). As such, it can't be linked to anything else.
Except, indeed, creating a  lookup table for SHA256 hashes. Only it makes no sense to create such a table because there's not enough memory in the world to save even 1 trillionth of 1 trillionth of a trillionth percent of the entire table if you were to use all the computer memory, all human memory, all paper ever created on this planet. It's almost impossible to overstate how ridiculously large this lookup table would have to be, to be of any use. And even if you had such a lookup table, just iterating through it to find your answer would probably take millions of years using all the world's computing power.
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:00:41
Absolutely, there's a huge market for this. Normally this need is serviced by so called bond companies, but their rates are very high for bitcoin companies and generally they refuse service outright do to their perceived risk profile. (e.g. if Mt. Gox had happened, the bond company had to pay a big chunk of that $500m that was lost, that's the big problem here.)
This goes for many branches by the way, like the ATM business. ATMs could if they wanted to, all fly under one banner (legally) and be part of an ATM franchise. Then they could share a license and surety bond with eachother. Right now an ATM might need a $100k surety bond and pay $15k on that annually. But if you have 10 ATMs in the same state, that cost can be cut by tenfold. That's why things like ATM fees are pretty high right now but can come down hugely in future.
A bit surprised we haven't seen these companies step up yet, or a bond company to step in and research the market and service bitcoin companies properly.
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:12:40
Really great news. I love these 'established payment processor with thousands of merchants implements bitcoin' stories. It's really important for them to be cataloged though, that's another issue, cause there's probably loads that nobody knows about online. Like a Yelp but only for bitcoin, that'd be cool.
@_date: 2014-03-18 13:25:11
Private transactions have just as much confidence, the great difference tipbots make is that one can send money to another person without that other person ever having mentioned his public address anywhere, or ever even having used bitcoin prior to receiving bitcoin, because the tipbot gives access to the funds through e.g. his reddit/email/fb/whatever account. Another effect of coin tipping is that it's very public. When you tip, it very explicitly states this account tipped that account x amount. It's possible people prefer this to pseudonymous bitcoin inputs were used to send x amount to y account. It'd be fun and interesting to see the effects on tipping if tips were never made public.
That doesn't mean private transactions don't inspire confidence, it demonstrates the need for easier more intuitive uses of bitcoin. I think tipbots are a great example here, it's one of the first experiments in monetizing through microtransactions which might be extremely disruptive to the ad-industry.
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:40:36
VAT = value added tax, read my post again and let me know if you need more info.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:29:29
Ah, thanks. Bit of self-awareness then, huh :p If it works it works!
@_date: 2014-06-29 19:28:20
Mike is one if the very few people who are willing to take a position in what bitcoin should be. That's extremely rare, and it invites criticism. The reason is that bitcoin has extreme political and social implications behind it. Bitcoins are data, it's an information network, and that's not new, it's trivially easy to build a digital currency. But building a decentralized one, that's unique. So the whole reason bitcoin is unique is that there's no party sitting behind it. Except of course, the developers. So any developer who proposes anything is immediately scrutinized. That's why so few of the core developers build on the protocol, most merely build on the client, but not the protocol. So something like transaction fees floating for example, is controversial. Anyone who takes a position for or against will receive flack.
You can be the juiciest peach on the tree but there'll always be someone who hates peaches. It doesn't mean Mike gets more hate than he gets support though. But hate is always more vocal, especially when there's few developers who initiate the dialogue on protocol changes.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:09:08
It's a state by state process. 2 states require no license for MSBs and I think Texas doesn't consider bitcoin traditional money to the extent traditional MSB regulations apply to it, so you're in the clear there. Outside of that you need to apply for a MSB license in every state, sometimes that means you need an office there, sometimes it means you need a surety bond worth millions, sometimes it means you just register for a few hundred bucks as easy as registering with Fincen.
Anyway, if you read some of the email conversations of Charlie it's not so much that he wasn't registered. It was that he knowingly circumvented his reporting duties and let one particular client trade on his platform knowingly he wasn't allowed to, by suggesting to said client to register multiple accounts with different names (necessary because Charlie's colleagues wanted to do it by the book), and detailing how he should behave (e.g. no trades above a certain amount of money per day) so as to prevent him from having to report him (which the client ignored, and Charlie didn't report it anyway). Meanwhile he knew this client was linked to the SR market as a supplier of liquidity in bitcoin, and everyone knew the SR wasn't legal under US law with drugs, weapons and even assasinations for sale. So he knowingly participated in all of this. Naive, stupid and illegal.
Whether all of that ought to be illegal is a different question. One can argue that the SR closed down their weapons marketplace because it barely got any sales, assassinations probably never actually happened, and a ton of soft-drugs should've been legalized a long time ago, with the SR making the trading in these recreational drugs easier, cheaper and most of all safer.
But under the laws as they exist today, yeah he was guilty for sure. It sounds crazy but I'd be hella happy with 2 years. This guy was facing 30 years man, he'd have been out in his fifties, he pushed over a million dollars of volume to a marketplace he knew sold murder-for-hire and every drug you can name, while kids get locked up for a decade for getting caught smoking some pot in the very same country. Now he'll be out in his mid-twenties, I'd be happy as hell with how that turned out. All things considered, I'm glad for him! 
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:27:46
Thanks bud :)
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:55:28
I sent my brother some bitcoin and now he has like 8 of them! He's a believer now. And this is a non-techie, and in fact is even a bit anti-tech (not anti-tech, but he dislikes this whole Apple scene, people spending a shitton on fancy technology like an iphone or macbook that for him isn't that much better than your basic smartphone or laptop) so he's generally not keen to look into technology related things until they become very mainstream and normal.
I asked my girlfriend if she wanted some bitcoin and she was like 'nah' and that was pretty much it haha. 
I think what did it for my brother was basically this pitch I gave about everything becoming digital, and how strange it was that money wasn't. So, writing/text/news/books/messaging is now all digital, and we can't imagine a world without e-mail or instant messaging. Digital is obviously better here, it's border less, instant and free. And video is the same, as is voice. But why isn't 'value'? If money is just an information system, why do we have hundreds of currencies that need to be physically moved around worldwide, or through an archaic semi-digital banking system that takes days. 
So I confronted him with this idea of having internet-credits that you could only spend nationally. Want to read a website hosted in the US or in France? Gotto exchange your Dutch internet credits with some french ones, and then request the information. That's the sort of weirdness of national currencies. That basically made him understand how important and valuable digital currency really was.
From there I then talked to him about why we never had a digital currency, basically: because digital files means you can copy things, which destroys the notion of value if you can copy it a billion times. So you need to replace it with keys to value, if you copy keys to a vault that holds value, it's no use, you only need 1 key. But who then holds the vaults? Well, it needs to be a global internet based system, else you again get what we already have, tens of thousands of banks with different systems trying to communicate. This is the problem bitcoin solves.
Then he started reading himself and now he has 8 btc :)
@_date: 2014-06-26 15:33:15
Windows Phone is a relatively small (&lt;5%) platform and there are various HTML5 wallets available.
Hope to see a native app, but it's not a huge deal at the moment.
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:08:49
'fake goods' are virtual items, they're just as 'fake' as bitcoin, i.e. not fake at all, just virtual.
@_date: 2014-06-26 19:36:05
A number of people sent money to '1', as well as any other number up to 100.000 or so. It's kind of ridiculous. It's like, there's people who actually think about security and about brainwallets and go through the trouble to learn about bitcoin and register at an exchange and buy bitcoin and send bitcoin and all... and then they're like 'well this exchange or blockchain.info wallet isn't secure enough for me, let me make my actual secure wallet', and then they go out and find information on how to create other wallets and they stumble on the concept of a brain wallet, and they choose it specifically from all their available choices. At which point they have to think of a secure passphrase... and end up creating some of the shittiest brain wallets ever. It's pretty insane haha.
@_date: 2014-06-08 13:55:52
Nope, you need the private key and the password.
A BIP0038 isn't one of those 'brain wallets' where your private key is just a derivation of some set of words like 'apple, house, sweater, solar, automobile, pencil' (which can be 'broken' if you combine thousands of words, turn them into the equivalent private key and check the private key's public address for bitcoin). This is hard to break given enough words. (e.g. if you have 10.000 words to choose from, 20 words means you have 10.000 ^ 20 amount of different combinations. Even 10.000 ^ 5 is a 100000000 trillion different combinations. That's why, given enough random words, it's impossible to guess one. But if yours is found, you're screwed. e.g. if you only use two words picked out of 10k words, then you only have 100 million combinations which can be bruteforced on any modern computer)
But BIP0038 isn't like that. It takes a private key, and then encrypts it with a password. This is nice because, even if you have a password with 20 words picked out of a list of 10k words that's impossible to break, if someone sees the list of words (e.g. on your computer), you're screwed. But not if it's encrypted.
@_date: 2014-06-25 06:45:17
The state licensing fees can actually be really really low. There's some states where it costs just $500, that's annoying but very easy to deal with. The problem is that they'll still require something like a $1m bond which increases by something  some amount for every office. e.g. Colorado requires a 1m bond. 
In total you need to spend 0.07m on license fees, but need 1.5m in net worth, and need 7.3m in surety bonds (which at the rates for a bitcoin company can easily cost you $1m per year if you can get a bond in the first place)
In addition to this, you need to do paperwork and hire legal resources for 50 states. You also need to be audited in 24 states and an audit generally costs as much or a lot more than the licensing fees.
In short, license fees of 0.07m are a huge understatement.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:41:25
On a related note, Mollie CEO (Dutch e-commerce payment processor like Paypal with 10k vendors) said it took them 1 week to implement bitcoin as an option, the easiest and fastest option they ever added and the first one that's truly global and available to everyone and anyone without them needing an account.
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:35:14
Oh no I wasn't, sorry that wasn't very clear. Just wanted to say I wasn't trying to shit all over the doge ecosystem as Moolah was a pretty big part of it for a while.
Anyway, in other news, they seem to have reversed their bankruptcy and they'll likely be continuing. It's getting a bit sad tbh, but we're already seeing some cool alternatives so who knows, maybe this time around they won't have much community support.
@_date: 2014-11-24 15:42:53
Yup. That's why Gavin has worked hard to get variable transaction fees. This means there'll be a market for fees, meaning if someone wants to overload the network, it gets really expensive really fast, just like if someone wanted to buy up all the oil or food or whatever.
Besides that, the 1 MB cap is artificial from a time that bitcoin was still very small and had few spam resistance like filtering out dust transactions. It'll probably go up sometime next year together with various other changes to make bitcoin more scalable (like pruning old spent outputs together to reduce the size of the blockchain, bloom filters to reduce the amount of data being sent twice, a market for fees). 
and will be lifted.
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:09:33
You're assuming Gavin doesn't like the foundation, he really does and he supports it. I think it's clear Gavin could, if he wanted to, support himself, or organize financial support from the community, quite easily, and disassociate himself with the foundation. But up till now, he's not made any complaints.
The foundation is a bit strange, but a lot of people are unaware of some of the great work they're doing. A lot of conferences, a lot of positive media, a lot of networking, are all facilitated behind the scenes. For example, when you saw Akon support bitcoin at a non-bitcoin conference last week, that's because Brock Pierce educated him about bitcoin. Now I don't support Pierce (my view is, he's innocent until proven guilty, but unfit to represent bitcoin that struggles with an illicit image in the media when *he* has an illicit image in the media) but it's just one of many examples.
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:40:38
US-based exchange for persons who are interested in bitcoin at substantial amounts ($12.5k and above)
Not for daytrading, more for investments or liquidity.
Current minimum is 25 bitcoins ~ $12.5k
Seems to be the first fully compliant US-based, dollar-denominated bitcoin exchange.
Can be characterised as low-frequency trading exchange. No trading bots here.
That's it!
Questions from me:
Can anyone find the fees, or are they simply priced in at negotiations? Also, does anyone expect the $12.5k value to go down, or is it likely they'll always do negotiation-based trading instead of computerized, and therefore will always require a minimum amount?
edit: just want to point out, they're not an exchange, they're a broker-dealer like Coinbase. In other words, they can't be used by e.g. ATMs or Bitpay to source or liquidize bitcoin. Still, no US based fully compliant exchange with licenses in all 47 states + Wash. DC
@_date: 2014-05-16 11:00:21
Name one thing?
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:19:47
Good, they're a trustworthy company, although not perfect so something might've gone wrong. 
Anyway just contact their customer support after you log in. They can help you far better. But generally, ACH payments are a bit slow, and sometimes they need to verify you for your first purchase and stuff, so that can take time. Ask them exactly what happened and what you can expect over the next few days.
@_date: 2014-07-09 16:51:13
It is indeed funny that the bitcoin side of things is quick and easy... but it's this notion that sending money with a bank account carries loads of risk, in that the money can simply be retracted. In other words, the banking system is super risky and slow, and that's why using it to buy bitcoin or anything is still ridiculously difficult.
@_date: 2014-09-29 11:45:58


I'm not sure. Just like that I'm not sure you're not president obama chatting on reddit about bitcoin transactions. But experience and common sense tell me that it's quite unlikely.
Similarly, experience and common sense tell me most transactions are not incoming/outgoing to/from exchanges. Most people trade on an exchange many times over after depositing before withdrawing. Just ask anyone, run a poll if you want. Those who buy and withdraw from an exchange tend to do buy in bulk, e.g. they'll buy $500 or $5k and then withdraw, and then spend that in small amounts here and there, like sending a friend money for some beers he bought you, ordering pizza online or buying the humble bundle. Just looking at typical exchange behavior, people make many more transactions than deposits/withdraws.
It's like playing a game of poker. You buy $100 of chips once, you play poker for a few hours, you move those chips around a shitton of times, and then you withdraw once. I don't have to present any data to know this is true, it's just typical behavior. Nobody buys chips, plays one hand and withdraws. Similarly nobody deposits bitcoin, sells it on the exchange, buys it back on the exchange, then withdraws. It rarely happens, typically someone will deposit, daytrade for sometime and then withdraw. 
Anyway, perhaps more interesting to you are processor numbers. Bitpay said earlier this year they process over $1m (maybe 1.2 or 1.3m) of transactions daily, in March or so. So I think half a year later, $1.5m is a very cautious low-ball figure, considering their merchant numbers grow by about 300% year over year, and they've added a few billion dollar retailers since then. They've also had a $160m valuation as a company in May. Coinbase is similar, same valuation, same number of merchants, but more billion-dollar retailers. A $1.5m figure is likely, too.
So we get $3m from them, and then there's loads of other smaller payment processors. A big one (Mollie) in the Netherlands, a big processor in Japan, one in Australia, and various in Latin-America and Europe. I'd say between the lot of them, $6m of daily processing is again a very cautious figure.
Now the amount of transactions daily sits around 60k. If you'd imagine that the average purchase at one of these tens of thousands of merchants is $50 (between a $15 pizza or a $500 Playstation or $1k macbook air at Newegg or Tigerdirect), that'd mean that these payments would comprise of about 50% of transactions. Add to that some betting, some non-payment processor payments, some on-chain trading like localbitcoins or mycelium, and all this to/from exchange activity is really negligible. 
Anyway these are all rough numbers, but I don't think anyone thinks the majority of bitcoin transactions are to and from exchanges. There's nothing to suggest it, and there's a lot of data to suggest otherwise.
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:07:38
lol you have a fundamentally wrong view of how the VCs who invested in them operate. Have you read any book, watched any documentary, any talk by a VC or worked at any company that was VC funded? Because it sounds like you're not speaking from experience. 
I mean, you must at least have elementary knowledge about what the V stands for? Venture... You know, risky ventures. You must know the elementary statistics, that a VC knows 75% of startups completely fail, 90% are unsuccessful (some might not fail completely, but never make a big return) and then there's a few companies that are gonna give you a 10x or 100x returns. Venture capital means you're trying to gain market share and build a platform asap. That's why they give tens of millions of dollars to burn through instead of requiring them to gain profitability. All the big VC companies like Facebook didn't make a profit for half a decade in the race to become a big platform. The thought that a VC fund who invests $300m a year, who collectively invest $40m in Xapo, are interested in hiking fees up to $5 a day on day one of a startup company in a startup ecosystem? Man, you probably have zero clues to how VCs operate. It's beyond ridiculous. It's another anti-establishment cliche BS story that's easy to write but doesn't actually make any sense.
A VC investor meddling with a founder, and under great protest of the company, forcing it to increase fees on day one. Man you're hilarious.
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:43:33
All people who upvote this have 1-2 posts and are fake accounts. Take care.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:35:04
Pantera was outbid, too.
@_date: 2014-05-12 09:41:02


What the fuck does this have to do with the US? Presumption of innocence dates back at least as far as ancient Rome, that's EUROPE BITCH, many centuries before the USA was even conceived you moron. Where do you think the US got its legal system (common law) from? From Britain, again Europe.
In fact, the US is one of the few countries in which the constitution does not explicitly state innocence until proven guilty. And the most notable infringements include YOUR Guantanamo Bay which locks up people, tortures them and imprisons them under harsh conditions, worse than a typical inmate as if they've been proven guilty, only WITHOUT a conviction and WITHOUT EVEN A TRIAL.
So shut the fuck up and don't ever imply America is so great because you and only you have this thing called presumption of innocence. It took you a while and you still don't get it right asshole.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:54:07
Thanks for sharing. :)
@_date: 2014-07-08 17:13:30
Great post. I wonder if people can comment on some things though. The judge ultimately rules that he broke some conditions of his supervision given that he's not allowed to take a loan, yet he took company money as an 'advance' which the judge sees as a loan. But other than this, the company is not viewed as fraudulent.
So I wonder if people can comment on some things, particularly this notion of refunds and reorders. Ostensibly, a one point they offered everyone a refund. If you declined and wanted to get the product shipped you were required to click a button saying 'I understand the product might take a few more months to arrive'. That sounds very fair, but I can imagine not everyone agrees with this account of history. Can any customers clarify?
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:39:03
Interesting, that's very helpful. (some sources wherever possible would be nice but I understand it's mostly negotiated and subjective.)
It's a bit annoying to see fees lie on the fiat side (e.g., the fees that are most difficult to decrease).
On the other hand, it's also reassuring in some way. As in, fees are mostly high because of risk-profiles both on banks refusing to service companies (i.e. little competition to service a company means fees aren't driven down by banks competing against each other) and due to risk-profiles on surety bonds. In other words, as bitcoin becomes more mainstream, regulated and legitimate, fees could come down quick.
Also, it's likely that 'ATM franchises' could really put a big dent in fees too. For example, one MSB could cover the surety-bond requirement and pass down the fees on 10 or 50 of its own ATMs, or possibly ATMs ran by its members who can provide less expensive collateral if necessary). Such a large party could handle regulation better and could bring in enough potential banking fees to give them a decent negotiating position with a bank. I guess demand for bitcoin hasn't warranted such a large scale 'franchise' yet, perhaps later this year or the next. 
Lastly, I wonder how two-way ATMs are faring. I received word that Coinbase actually settles about 50% of its buys/sells internally without using an exchange (thereby acting as an exchange itself). I'm sure two-way ATMs could probably comfortably settle 10-20% of its daily trades internally, thereby acting as a localbitcoin exchange. This volume would not be subject to any variable fees. Of course it'd still have to contribute to paying for fixed fees like a surety bond. Interesting stuff, sadly nobody posts data or numbers anywhere...
Thanks again. Happy to hear more thoughts and any sources if you come across them. On another note, I'd be happy to hear anyone's thoughts on ATMs versus ZipZap's approach. (basically be a MSB and recognize that any retail store is essentially a payment processor and therefore could work like an ATM, or a 'store that sells groceries, concert tickets and bitcoins')
@_date: 2014-05-22 01:10:36
Sorry but your business keeping bitcoins doesn't change the fact that almost every other business doesn't.
Where can I find your bitcoin business by the way, would be happy to check it out :)
As for Euro Pacific, man... The CEO called bitcoin a tulip mania in the past, and he JUST today said he didn't change his views on bitcoin. He is absolutely not holding any, he's simply using it as a way to gain extra customers, and he has the right to. Just know that any customer is someone choosing gold over bitcoin. If you're excited by that, feel free, I'm not. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 00:09:12
I think it's a pretty poor insight on adoption. It's a nice and interesting statistic, but it's definitely not an excellent metric of bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2014-04-21 10:34:29
Are you saying you have to watch a documentary, or want to watch one? I've never in my life heard about writing a research paper based on a documentary. 
There's not a lot of em... good ones at least. You're a shitton better off using the many many articles on bitcoin. There's articles, news, wikis, research papers, white papers, investment guides etc. Why a docu?
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:59:12


No, it's not. That's all bitcoin is, really. Everything outside of the design and implementation protocol is something else. It's the people and businesses using the bitcoin network, and they all have cool websites. Look at Circle, Coinbase, Bitreserve, Bitpesa. That's what consumers use, that's why the website is nice. But the protocol is looked at by people in academia, people who do computer science research, who do protocol development or implementation. They don't need a flashy website showing them how fun and easy and romantic it is to order flowers at 1-800-flowers using bitcoin. Coinbase does that for its customers.
I think you're confusing good-looking website with good website. For example, a lot of the protocols powering the web are standardized by the world wide web consortium. Like HTML, CSS, DOM, SVG, XML etc. This is their website: 
It looks shit to a consumer, but that doesn't mean it's shit. It's functional and has a lot of information, open discussions, proper documentation and reporting, links to research and various events, a continuous schedule for new developments and of course all the standards and documentation for its protocols. And of course, often translated in various languages including ones like Finnish (6m speakers or so?) None of that is trivial, and yet bitcoin.org does quite a few of those things pretty well, translated in over 20 languages, despite a very nascent ecosystem. 
But yeah I agree fully with your general sentiment. The website could be quite a bit better, but it's not that bad imo. Certainly not a horror like the OP described it as.
@_date: 2014-05-08 19:31:33
Can someone download this thread and analyse the data and research how much was tipped and how much 'inter-tipping' was done? (People tipping after getting tipped). 
Somehow I think it's fun to read those statistics :p I'm curious!
@_date: 2014-05-04 21:11:39


Agreed. Let's not forget, numbers published by Coinbase, Blockchain.info, Bitpay, MultiBit etc show roughly 10% month-over-month growth (wallets/merchants) with very little marketing budget. Bitcoin is currently doing great at capturing the 'low-hanging-fruit', the early adopters who needn't be swayed with expensive marketing dollars but find these companies out of their own interest.
At some point, that organic growth will slow down and at the same time bitcoin will have matured its ecosystem enough so that marketing dollars actually have value. Spending $1 on an ad to convince my parents to go to Blockchain.info is $1 wasted money. Spending the same money in two years when it has developed a very user-friendly slick wallet, when banks are enabling bitcoin, when businesses they shop at accept bitcoin, then there's a good chance that marketing money actually creates a new user. Today I think it's better to put money into product (hiring engineers &amp; user interaction designers mostly) to work with early-adopters than to try to spend money getting mainstream users to become early-adopters of a not-yet user friendly product. It makes little sense, especially when you have 10% growth month-over-month (30x growth in 3 years) already without crazy marketing stunts.
@_date: 2014-03-08 18:49:07
Everyone. Africa has more than 50 countries and over 1 billion people. We ought to be a bit more specific, it's both more productive and respectful. It makes no sense to put a country like Morocco or South-Africa, in the same basket as Mali let alone Malawi. You need different approaches to different African countries.
To the OP, hold your hand? Please suggest even the slightest idea, no matter how difficult or ridiculous, exploring why bad ideas won't work is helpful too. Just don't say 'hold my hand and let's change the world'.
To throw in some info: there is one bitcoin party that has built infrastructure to exchange mPesa for bitcoin easily using a feature phone. That is potentially very powerful. Let's not forget, most Kenyans have no access to international banking, ownership of the type of ID required for verification nor ubiquitous access to the internet and thus could not get bitcoins from online exchanges. This changes that completely. They also allow receiving bitcoin on your phone number.
It's all pretty cool, interested to see where it goes. Let's not forget, mPesa transaction fees are a lot higher than transaction fees most of us are used to with traditional banking. Bitcoin could make a huge difference.
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:40:24
Each bitcoin can be divided into 100 million pieces we often call satoshis. 
For a quick thought-experiment consider this, if there's enough demand for bitcoin and 1 bitcoin costs $1m dollars, then 1 satoshi (the smallest unit of a bitcoin) will have the exact same dollar value as 1 cent/penny (the smallest unit of a dollar) and 100 satoshis will be $1. And there are 2100000000000000 satoshis, or 2.1 quadrillion, plenty!
And actually, it'd be quite possible to add a few more zeros if that was actually necessary. (unlike adding more bitcoins, making a bitcoin more divisible is not frowned upon if it was necessary)
@_date: 2014-05-20 01:03:48
Exactly... Man, I have all my savings in bitcoin and believe in its future, but threads like this make me want to disassociate myself from the bitcoin community. Bunch of kids who never built a company getting pissed off because they're not getting a free $10 on day one because the company isn't stupid enough to forgo a limited testing period with a few early adopters.
It's indeed exactly like every other company does a soft launch. You mentioned Google, I hear you. Just look at Google Glass. Limited release after limited release, first to testers, then developers, then consumers, each time limited to a few only, to a few regions only, to a few categories of users only. Took a few years and only now they're starting to talk about a full launch.
@_date: 2014-09-02 14:52:39
Same reason people trust cold storage (when somebody could enter your home and steal your private key)
Odds. The odds that someone attacks you with malware, e.g. a keylogger, when logging in to Coinbase to send a buddy $250, is far greater, than the chance that someone in the Trezor factory or someone at a FedEx office intercepts the device, takes it home and has the skills to tamper with it, then forward it to you.
In the same way that the chance of the former (Coinbase keylogger attack) is far greater than someone specifically entering your house to find and steal your paper wallet.
Nobody claims the Trezor is the perfect device against any and every attack. It's about degrees of security. And for that, the Trezor is a brilliant, highly secure consumer-friendly device, but it's not perfect.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:43:20
Good question bud. So the key thing to remember is that we can use the 'smallest unit' of a currency for payments.
For example, the dollar has 1 penny. Now today it's not worth much, due to inflation, but you used to be able to buy a piece of bread or an apple with 1 penny, there's no reason it can't be used for payments except that for dollars it's not worth much. A penny is actually a dollar value, too, it's 0.01 dollar, and again, you used to be able to buy stuff with it like an apple or a lemon (a lemon was actually 15 pennies for 12 lemons in 1900 roughly, for example!)
So the dollar has 100 cents/pennies per 1 dollar right. Bitcoin however has 100 million 'pennies', these small 1/100millionth fractions of a bitcoin we don't call pennies but satoshis. As such, if we take the smallest units, 1 bitcoin actually equals 1 million dollars worth of 'smallest units'. After all, there are as many pennies in 1 million dollars as there are 'satoshis' in 1 bitcoin.
As such, 21 million bitcoins actually has as many units of currency as 21 * 1 million * 1 million dollars, or 21.000 billion dollars, or 21 trillion dollars. Now the M1 money supply of the US dollar is only about $2 trillion. In other words, if bitcoin was worth $1 million per coin, then 1 penny would be worth exactly as much as 1 satoshi, only there'd be 10x more of them than there are dollars.
In other words, not a problem! :D
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:19:57
Yes, possibly, but... if you add $100 of funds and then withdraw $100 of funds, that should be impossible, which very quickly lets anyone identify if fees are really 0. So we'll know soon enough.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:11:11
'Like' is not a word I would use. Sure he's a nice guy, I like the guy. I even think on aggregate he is doing good work by communicating with bitcoin insiders and getting the word out to the community.
The problem I have with his approach is that he always delivers a teaser message and then communicates. In his last instant, he's essentially blackmailing members of the bitcoin foundation by claiming to release evidence against them unless they step down from an organisation they co-founded, while in the process completely defaming them without supplying any evidence for any of it, and holding out the community from information that ought to be public regardless of whether these members step down or not. That's something I find disgusting any just not right.
He has also mentioned he did insider trading by selling all his bitcoins just before releasing the Mt. Gox information. I'm not sure I can fault him for it, to be honest. I respect him for mentioning this.
@_date: 2014-05-13 13:57:35
Yes, one thing I'd like to see is a Coinbase quick-wallet and slow-wallet. 
The quick-wallet has e.g. $100 of spending money. Once it dips below 10% you get an email asking if you want to load it up again with instructions. The quickwallet can easily be spent with a simple password (e.g. a 4-pin number, like the one you enter into an ATM).
The slow-wallet has more funds (e.g. $1000). If you want to take money out, it takes x amount of time which you can configure. (e.g. 6 hours, 1 day, 3 days). And taking out money from the slow-wallet requires a stronger password, perhaps 2FA, too if the user wants this, and it'd send notifications to your email and an SMS to your phone and it'd show up on the wallet front page in red '$100 will be transferred from your slow-wallet to your hot wallet in 3 hours and 34 minutes' for example. It'd be easy to cancel this.
@_date: 2014-10-16 17:32:20
The backend is done by Stripe, that's their entire product... They have a Checkout and however someone pays, once they pay and Stripe's checkout detects it, it'll be passed as a purchase all the same.
And then what they do is handle the processing of the payment, where you don't receive any BTC or BTC receiver token, you just get dollars.
Note again I'm referring to their 'Checkout' product, not to their API that you have to set up yourself.
edit: you're completely right, Checkout is client-side only.
@_date: 2014-12-11 03:50:05
Is this an actual Microsoft thing, or a third-party reseller of Xbox credit who also accepts bitcoin?
Cool either way.
@_date: 2014-07-06 00:09:22
Naive... Look, there've been a LOT of VC and government investments into clean energy, we're talking about billions. Not much of it has worked out. The reason is not that the technology isn't good enough, it's pretty great. The problem is in fossil subsidies and fossil infrastructure and economies of scale.
Trust me, if there was a promising clean energy tech solution out there, it'd have no trouble getting funding. You might think otherwise but the numbers and reports don't lie.
That's why they ask not for investments but donations, and not from people who research this stuff and can evaluate it, but from layman who don't have the slightest clue about the physics, economics or policies around energy on indiegogo.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:09:23
I call bullshit. I feel for him and while many of us have been threatened for our lives (particularly those who run a business of some kind), we don't know the seriousness or form of these threats and I can't judge a man for trying to look out for his daughter.
But in all honesty, it just doesn't feel consistent. The notion that he's hired 5-6 people he's worked with for a long time, people he knows and trusts... then runs out of money barely a few weeks after starting. Then leaves the country on his own, says *nothing* to his colleagues, leaves them unpaid without explanation, doesn't tell customers, the media or his investors anything at all and disappears. ALL THAT IS COMPLETE BULLSHIT so far.
After that he got threats and decides to leave for good. This last decision is not something we can disagree with necessarily, but all the decisions *before any threats* were even made sound completely ridiculous. 
So I call bullshit.
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:11:18
Well not really. If you avoid transacting then you're not doing anything, you gain no utility, you require no work and you don't need anyone to secure your transaction. So why the hell would you need to pay? No reason. But you can't not transact forever, that's nonsense. Everyone transacts sometimes, and the fees on these transactions is what pays for the security. Off-chain is entirely different, it's not secured by the blockchain, so why pay for security anyway? Besides, I wouldn't want to accept payments offchain, because I don't control the money. If a stranger says oh you want me to pay you $10? Well, let's just write it down on this piece of paper, if you ever need to pay me $10, we can consider it even... I wouldn't accept that, I want my $10 straight up right now. If I ever need to pay him, I'll pay him $10. So there will be a lot of transactions for which off-chain isn't going to be accepted. 
The fundamental question is, will transaction fees ever create as many miner revenues as block rewards? I think the answer is yes. Right now rewards are about 200x fees. But we have 1m mostly inactive users. If bitcoin takes off, we can get 500m active users (i.e. users who make 1 transaction a day instead of 1 transaction a month), so we can get 30x activity and 500x more users. If we all pay exactly the same fees as today, the miner revenues will be 75 times more than they are today, which means we can get 75x more CapEx on mining which means it's extremely expensive to capture say 10-20% of the network, meaning it's very secure in theory.
As long as all of this happens gradually, it's not a problem, and bitcoin has been designed for this to happen gradually.
@_date: 2014-05-14 10:33:06
Haha true but you can probably say the same about 3 btc, 6 btc or 12 btc! :D
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:03:47
No clue, everyone's saying so, though... I'm not at all into dogecoin, I just checked out the video and wrote up what I heard. 
But I do know Moolah is huge in their community, so I can kind of conclude two things. One is that it's either very likely to be censored because this video should be on the front page otherwise) or the video's only one side of the story. And two, the co-creator of Dogecoin was apparently on that video too and has quit since then. So I wouldn't be surprised if there was some censoring, that'd be a good reason to quit yet for this video not to become a big deal on the dogecoin reddit, would suggest it may be because it's being censored. That explanation makes sense.
So if you'd forced me to make a $1m bet on either censored or not, knowing what I know now (not much), I'd probably bet on that it's censored  cause it seems to make more sense. But again I don't know.
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:25:11
Great vid!
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:39:47
same here. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 23:26:56
Yes, check out all the other blockchain rewards winners here! 
@_date: 2014-05-28 13:43:11


lol, who do you think is *their* source?


You! Doesn't mean it's not true by the way, they do indeed process more than $1m a day. I've heard a Bitpay employee say this at least a month ago and all the numbers check out in terms of previously released information.
Some thoughts on this here: 
Thanks for your report :)
Edit: found the video: 
@_date: 2014-05-22 11:24:00
But gold trades at a value far beyond its industrial utility.
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:01:32
Gavin saying it pretty much in those words, adding he thinks it's quite possible nobody really cares for things like smart property. e.g. opening a car with a physical key or using their phone or some button is good enough for most. Most simply don't care for having that key in the blockchain, and being able to transfer ownership of the car by making a bitcoin transaction or signing a private key, instead of just handing over the key.
I think it definitely has potential but it requires a lot of 'integration' so I expect it to happen much later. Bitcoin can be disruptive without much integration. But smart property would only take off if e.g. car companies start to adopt it. And I don't expect those things to happen anytime soon, while I see payments happening last year, today and tomorrow. 
But sure, there's obviously not perfect consensus. Mike Hearn is known for his love for futuristic things and he does address the potential of smart property and such, too. But even he probably doesn't expect such things to take off anytime soon as payments did pretty much right off the bat.
@_date: 2014-06-30 21:01:42
I think it's safe to say nothing went for under -5% market price. And it may actually be all above +10% even.
@_date: 2014-05-22 12:15:15
Where was your previous home in Europe, and what city are you in now? :) Is it temporary, traveling around on savings, or have you been able to find a job and settle somewhere with newfound friends and a new life and such? I'd be really interested, I've been thinking of moving myself! (still in Europe myself)
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:14:04
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:43:24
Good to know, thanks! Seems like Amazon doesn't have nearly as much to gain from purely the payments fees side as a typical SME.
Got a source for that btw?
@_date: 2014-05-22 22:49:15
You're arguing semantics buddy. If you see a price of a TV in the US that's $136, you can say the price is €100. That's a shorthand for saying the price is €100 at $1.36 / €1. We're saying the exact same thing.
Of course I'm not arguing that a bitcoin is in fact a dollar itself by expressing the value of all bitcoins as $6b equivalence. Everyone knows that means that, when expressed in dollars, the money supply $6b, in the exact same way a market cap of Google is expressed in shorthand as e.g. $200b. But I guess you hold people in such low regard, they might mistake $6b bitcoin money supply as saying the supply of bitcoins is actually a supply of dollars. Give me a break man. 
And yes it is generally expressed in such a shorthand. 
For example:
It's entirely proper to speak about a $6b value of the bitcoin money supply. Just like it's proper to speak of the value of TVs or DVD players in your example. Just like it's proper to speak of a market cap in terms of any currency. If your apple tree produces 10 apples a day, and virtually all apples are traded online on exchanges which have a 0.3% price dispersion and the average of these is $1, it's absolutely not strange to say your apple tree produces $10 of apples a day. 
I don't see why this is such a big issue for you, when this is an extremely common way of expressing things for decades in economics. If you want to make comparisons, you simply can't do it without bringing the numbers back to a common unit of denomination. And if the exchange rate to do this is an average exchange-based price that covers 99% of trade, we really can simply say bitcoin is worth $6b right now without saying 'at a price of x bitcoin per y dollars at z exchange I'm using for my argument' on a fucking reddit thread. 
And it's absolutely not correct to speak of bitcoin's value in e.g. dollars as it's 'market cap'. I hope you at least agree there. 
In any case I'm done arguing silly semantics. If you don't agree then that's completely fine and I'll agree to disagree and I wish you the best bud.
@_date: 2014-05-18 18:49:08
If you have proof he did it, yes. The investigation is ongoing.
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:14:40
Absolutely, for the US, 50 states, biggest economy in the world, WU's hometown and 25% of WU's revenues, it cost maybe 10-20 million or so to get the licenses as a bitcoin company. (mostly in one-time fees that have been paid decades ago, it's been around since the 19th century after all.)
Now let's put that into perspective. WU processes $80b annually and takes close to $6b in revenues this year. 
In other words, annual license fees are quite a small part of their fees. Also, you can actually piggyback off of other licenses. e.g. WesternUnion and Paypal could decide to share their licenses if they wanted. Licensing can actually get very cheap very fast. Most costs are not in the license, but in the surety bond which is collateral, not a cost. Now you can actually 'buy' collateral in the same sense you can buy insurance, but you can actually put a lot of things under the same surety bond and massively reduce the costs.
So compliance costs are real, but license costs aren't the biggest part as they're mostly a 1-time thing. Which is tricky, for a new business it's hard to put down 10m at once. But if you process $80.000m a year in money, over 20 years a one-time 10m is nothing.
But let's get back to a core fact for just a second. Unless you want to use various companies, you could simply use a wallet like blockchain.info (who isn't a money-transmitter and needs no license, they don't even hold your keys. They only have an interface to easily broadcast transactions.) to send whatever amount you want to a friend or family member. There's no license needed, you're just making a personal transaction. That's bitcoin, too. We're talking about companies disrupting WU, but those are optional, you don't need to involve companies necessarily.
@_date: 2014-05-23 12:37:27
I guess you missed my point about how companies offer free insurance of bitcoin. Cold storage etc is done dynamically in the background. Look at Coinbase, it has 1.3m wallets that have 95% of their funds in cold storage and nobody even has to know, and they don't have to request any funds from cold-storage or anything like that, either, to spend money.
It's only a matter of time until all companies do this and offer insurance, which is something VCs, core developers and people like the CEO of Xapo or the CEO of Circle Jeremy Allaire have been saying. (who offers free insurance at Circle for example)
But you're missing my point. I'm not saying security isn't a concern, I already confirmed that. I'm saying that events like this (Roger Ver getting hacked) provide a soundbite, rather than a legitimate discussion, a soundbite that scares anyone off. Look at Mt. Gox, it ostensibly didn't even have cold storage as Mark once said he'd run a server command to get more bitcoins from his 'cold storage', which obviously shouldn't be possible in an air-gapped system. It's had the worst security ever. That doesn't mean security isn't a concern, but it does mean Mt. Gox is now a soundbite that lets every mainstream person think bitcoin itself is insecure (what we call the blockchain specifically, but what others indeed just see as 'bitcoin'), and that bitcoin's CEO (Mark) is a fraudster. That's what I'm saying, that such soundbites are fucked up, not that there's 0 security issues in the bitcoin ecosystem, give me a break.
@_date: 2014-09-29 14:03:57
Yeah some people have this with the scrolling background and all... anyway just login, it's a standard and rather clean interface.
@_date: 2014-06-07 17:27:02
1 upvote What's the benefit of p2pool over say GHASH? Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:35:12
It'd be cool if there was some kind of deferred payment option. I don't think miners would be keen on participating in a 51% attack risk if they get paid out the next day, at which point their block rewards are worthless if a 51% attack actually happened.
I really can't think of any other idea to prevent miners from being stupid. 
Other than that there's always mining pools rejecting miners, but they would actually be shooting themselves in the foot by doing that, unlike miners who make pretty much the same amount at another pool.
Ah it's a mystery. I guess it reaffirms this notion that queues at a bakery creates bigger queues because people think the bakery is special somehow.
@_date: 2014-10-07 10:59:18
Great to hear. I'm looking forward to hearing the roadmap they've got planned, and what kind of equity they sold for $30. (anyone know the valuation?)
The cool thing is, if you pay a full-time experienced software developer say $125k a year, you can run a team of 40 engineers for 5 years less than $25m. The type of products they can build with such a large and experienced team in such a timeframe is hugely compelling. Who knows what they'll roll out next year :)
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:25:04
I don't think AML was one of the things that was a major issue to the bitcoin community. But somehow, everything government does is automatically considered bad.
I think most bitcoin idealists were more interested in the idea of using bitcoin to circumvent banks and financial services (e.g. not pay 10% to western union, not pay $20 fees for being poor, not participating in blatant fractional reserve/quantitative easing etc) than not being checked for anti money laundering.
I mean, some people need to get real. Firstly, AML wasn't a banking construct, governments created it and subjected banks to it. Banks don't like it, they run huge risks of fines when not implementing it correctly, spend lots of money on compliance to regulation and recent industry reports show massive growth in compliance expenditure in this area. 
Secondly, YOU DON'T WANT TO LIVE IN A WORLD WITHOUT AML. Does anyone have a clue of the consequences? I'd say it's one of the few good things that we should welcome. Let's not forget, banks try to circumvent this shit all the time to profit off of industries like drug trafficking, human trafficking, theft, terrorism and all kinds of criminal activities. 
Yay for fuck AML, right? Let's live in a fantasy world where BTC-E will never be targetted like Liberty Reserve for likely at some point on some scale laundering money from criminal activity ever.
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:38:29
To be honest, just get on Kiva.org and donate... and you don't even have to use bitcoin as e.g. Paypal waives all their fees.
I love bitcoin and I love international development, but I think we can get a lot more done if we don't try to desperately fit bitcoin on every problem.
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:34:48






Here's the price history for the CEX.IO shares for 1 year:
As you can see it's sharpy down by more than tenfold. It's worth 4x less than just 3 months ago for example. In other words, there's no real money to be made from selling your share later on. (which is implied when you say you buy for 0.006 and sell for 0.007 a while later) You can recoup some of your investment, but on average you're losing money every day. That's why the cex.io website only has a 1 month price history max and defaults to 1 day.
As for your second point, yes you do earn block rewards, but how many? If you paid 100 bitcoins and earned 1 bitcoin per year, that's crap. So the exact amounts matter. So let's check. 1 bitcoin buys you roughly 138 GH (rounded up). Let's plug that in to some mining calculators.
So plug that in here: 
138 GH, 3% maint fee, 3% pool fee, leave the difficulty as it is. (the 50 per month going up is a low estimate as this is an exponentially increasing number of course). You'll see you might make about 0.5 bitcoin for every 1 bitcoin invested in 8 months (after which you earn close to 0 bitcoin per month). In the past 8 months the price of a GH dropped by about 18 fold, meaning after selling you'd have made in total about 0.55 bitcoin and invested 1 bitcoin. 
And remember, that's at a static difficulty increase. If you take a better calculator like this one  where the difficulty increase is actually exponential, the CEX deal loses you about 60% of your value over the same period after which your GH start making no money.
There's a reason why CEX does what it does instead of running their mining gear themselves.
In fact, I'll make this offer to anyone in the world. Anyone who is willing I will sign a contract with, using escrow. You pay me 1 bitcoin, and I will pay you 5% more than the block rewards of the hashing power that that bitcoin would've bought you in GH at CEX. The kicker? I won't run a single mining rig, I don't even know how to mine. But I can offer you this, because in 6 months from now, I'll have to pay you 0.4 (+5%) in bitcoin and the 1 bitcoin will be released in escrow to me.
That's how stupid CEX is. I can beat CEX's ROI without having any mining equipment because it's a negative investment. And nobody can say they're doing it for the sake of bitcoin because one of the biggest threats right now is a 51% at GHASH where CEX is putting most of its mining.
I invite anyone to run the numbers themselves, they're not pretty. Even very optimistic ones turn out negative for me. And it's not just math (which should be enough for anyone), there've been plenty of people who posted their stories, this has been true and known for months e.g.: 


Yeah it's a bit weird. I think the miners are of course responsible directly, they start the process. But the pool operators have much more power, in that 1 individual miner walking away changes little. But 1 pool operator limiting connections to balance their hashrate around 15% is something that can be done overnight. And I do believe that if a company like ghash does this, it'll set a trend and create a culture. If they do this, it's entirely possible that miners will start to only mine at pools that have such a software-based limit. But if nobody does it first, who cares... 
1 upvote @_date: 2014-07-22 20:45:26
Yup. I love dice for randomness. (most dice btw aren't fully random for various reasons, but they're random enough in that there's no backdoor, no repeating pattern... just sliiiightly unevenly distributed results that provide more than enough entropy given enough throws). 
Diceware.com is the way I do my own cold storage. Random, yet easy to read or write down (and if you dare, though I don't recommend it, store solely through your own memory)
@_date: 2014-10-12 12:55:33
I don't know what interests you, but if you look at the daily bits on the twobitidiot blog for a quick overview, there's a ton of stuff happening. 
Perhaps it's all a bit too mainstream and not fringe enough for you... I don't know.
I mean sure, when Dell as a $50 billion company accepted bitcoin, it wasn't as big as when the first $1b company (Overstock) did which felt like some big victory, acknowledgement. Some things will never be the same, that's true. But new stuff will happen for sure, like an ETF, or Coinbase running a TV ad, or Obama buying some bitcoin. If you're just looking for fun stuff like that, it'll come :P But yeah, I'm seeing exciting ecosystem level things happen on a daily basis pretty much, just check the aforementioned blog.
@_date: 2014-04-22 23:34:17
Fun design, not sure whether this falls in the range of 'awesome ideas by design students on kickstarter that engineers don't think will ever work', or if it's one of those projects that will actually happen.
Could you talk a little bit about your background?
Love the effort, keep it up!
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:49:40
Transaction fees.
If bitcoin does 1 thousand transactions per second (e.g. Visa can do 10 thousand TPS) that means every 10 minutes, instead of 25 bitcoins worth $500 each (say $12k) they have to earn $12k not from block rewards, but from transaction fees. So with 1k TPS, that means each transaction would have to cost 2 cents.
2 pennies per transaction is quite cheap, yet, with enough transactions, it creates just as much revenue as miners make today. For comparison, a CC transaction costs 30 cents + 3%. So a $10 videogame purchase online with a creditcard costs 60 cents, or 30x more than the 2c bitcoin transaction in this example.
Obviously getting to 1k TPS is not trivial. Scalability is one of the big challenges for bitcoin. But if we can't scale, then bitcoin will never be important anyway, so who cares if miners don't make money on a small insignificant platform. But if we can scale (and I think we can), and bitcoin becomes popular, then generating enough revenues from small fees per transaction is very easy.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:20:23
Indeed. I wrote about such solutions here if you're interested.
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:55:30
Headers first is implemented and merged. This means syncing the blockchain is much faster, and the update also came with some improvements that made it more memory efficient (no orphan blocks stored in memory) which also stopped some DoS attacks. (it used to be possible to do a disk-fill attack where you send lots of large blocks to a node, filling its diskspace up. 
Now those blocks's headers get verified first, which requires very little bandwidth and takes no space in memory, which is then verified before the full block is downloaded. This means that to do the attack you need PoW, as you need to pass verification first, which means you need to pay for a 51% attack just to put 1 megabyte on someone's machine).
Anyway, that was a cool update. Pruning hasn't been finished yet afaik, but it's very likely being worked on as it's an important change in the long-run. Basically it'll allow a 30 gb blockchain to become 1gb. The way this works is that some percentage, say 90%, of data in the blockchain is essentially redundant. (e.g. if I give you $1  one million times, and you give it back 1 million times, to know how much money is owned by who, you can easily just store the last few transactions. There's no need to store the 2 million transactions worth of data to know I still have my dollar. So you can throw that away.) Some nodes will store the entire blockchain, while other light nodes will only store recent blocks. If done properly it won't affect the consensus security. 
Invertible bloom filters is also not done. It's being worked on though by Gavin. How it works is that when a miner finds the right random nonce to produce the right hash, the miner sends it to the network, including in that block a transaction of the 25 bitcoin miner reward to himself. The network receives it  and by consensus it's placed in the blockchain, earning the miner money. 
The problem is that if two miners finish the block at the same time, and one block is 1 megabyte, and the other is 0.1 megabyte, the smaller block will reach (propagate) the other nodes in the network faster, who will add it to the blockchain. The other block is then discarded as it's already been mined. So there is an incentive for miners to put few transactions in the block, which goes against the utility of bitcoin.
These bloom filters essentially remove the size discrimination making all blocks just as fast, in simple terms. This will matter a lot once we go to say 5 or 10 megabyte blocks that propagate slower. Probably finished within a few months.
Lastly there's dynamic transaction fees (a market for fees). How this works is basically that you send bitcoin and say 'I want it mined within 1 block'. Depending on how many transactions want to be in the next block, the price goes up or down for this service. It'll be more expensive than say 'I want it mined within 10 blocks'. This way, you get a market for fees. To send money within a day may cost nothing, while sending money within 10 minutes may cost 10 cents. This, too, will become more important over time as block rewards go down and get replaced by pure tx fees. I've seen a lot of progress on this, looks like its about finished, but hasn't been merged afaik.
As for following the news: You'll really just want to follow the news on this, reddit, coindesk etc. They report on it when relevant. The most verbose would be the IRC where developers chat about development all the time and openly. A step down from that are discussion pages on github, the developer mailing list etc. The bitcoin talk forums also have some dev-oriented threads.
I'd say if you want minimal time investment, just quickly peruse the mailing list every four weeks and sign up for twitter and add some core devs, and bookmark the reddit/bitcointalk usernames for some of them and check them out on a monthly basis.
There's room for a 'developer news site' or 'dev category' for sure, that summarizes the dev news, but I don't know of one that does it properly and consistently.
@_date: 2014-02-19 20:49:59
The more accurate question is, would I rather work for the awesome Bitonic that only caters to the Dutch population of 17 million and is not based in my hometown Amsterdam, or would I rather work for the (more) awesome BitPay that covers payments in every country enabling merchant-payments in 150 currencies which has its European HQ in Amsterdam?
But more importantly, while the analogy is flawed, I think you'll catch my drift if I'd ask you if you'd rather work for Google working on Google products and services, or for an exchange that enables selling google stock? Bitonic only allows buying Bitcoin in a convenient way. It's important, but I'd rather work in a company actually building a service based on Bitcoin itself like BitPay. 
Personally I'm not very interested in exchanges. Bitonic seems to be doing really well so far on the technical/usability end of things. Exchanges are primarily a technical and legal thing, There's little for me to contribute. 
Whereas BitPay I think is a pretty crucial player and its entire business is built upon and dependent on Bitcoin. It's essentially pulling bitcoin consumers-adoption by enabling bitcoin payments at companies. A very big part of their work is working with merchants on the business side of things, something I've got a background in, as opposed to technical/legal things at Bitonic. BitPay's pilot allowing companies to pay their employees in BTC is also something that'll drive a bitcoin economy to happen. It's worldwide, international, and that's always been of particular interest to me.
So yes that's why I'd rather work for BitPay than Bitonic but I've got love for both!
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:17:34
Not really? It always 'allowed' microtransactions but it was rarely ever really economically feasible. That's why we've had lower fees implemented over and over again hard coded into the client. And even then you'd still often pay 10 cents on a tx, so a microtransaction of a penny or 20 cents was enormously expensive.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:22:28
Wait are you trying to say there's no way to sell an amount of coins higher than 37k on an exchange... give me a break
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:30:03
Wow this is really bad. When they announced this it was a community type of thing. Now, it's just a business frontend that leads to blockchain.info wallet, zeroblock and blockchain.info. What the hell. I can see bitcoin becoming that much more confusing. The fact that some of the most notable terminology (bitcoin &amp; blockchain) are both in the hands of a business and not used for the community, but rather used for marketing that business, goes against everything bitcoin stands for.
I think (their) business is great but after blockchain.info, they also maintain bitcoin.com and blockchain.com now... I don't know, I don't like it. I'd rather see them rebrand completely like Coinbase or Bitpay or Coindesk, which don't confuse users, and then use bitcoin.com as an educational/marketing site or just forward to bitcoin.org
@_date: 2014-05-10 22:41:26
If someone hacked Mt. Gox, the FBI probably easily had access already.
@_date: 2014-08-09 14:05:41
Ah, good point. Well, it may be a bit of a stretch but it's likely that 95% of Mt. Gox creditors were its users. I doubt they'd have an outstanding bill of more than $1m for things like the rent on servers or office space.
Given that, it's quite possible that these creditors will be paid out in kind. After all, Mt. Gox was not borrowing their fiat money and storing them in bitcoins, it was a custodial relationship where bitcoins were stored. That means it makes more sense for bitcoins to be returned than some arbitrary fiat amount.
Either way, given that the vast majority of creditors are bitcoiners, there's a good chance any returned money will be reinvested into bitcoin through another exchange.
Still it'd be a pretty nasty hit for sure...
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:47:12
Absolutely, it's not perfect. But for someone unable to pay for a utility bill or for insurance unless he drives to a place that takes a fee to take cash, or pay $2 to send a moneyorder to pay a $40 phone bill, they really don't care if something is 'centralized' or not, hell they're more transparent than most financial services ( and the fee in this example (5%) is a lot more than Bitreserve charges you (e.g. 0.45% for BTC to USD, and then you can send USD to anyone for free, same with receiving). You're acting like they take a spread but using cash in a non-cash economy doesn't come with any costs. (look up Spent: looking for change. Mini documentary on youtube. About hard working decent people with a home, internet, smartphone etc, but no bank account. They have financial services but they're not cheap).
I completely agree that just locking in the price isn't going to get the world's poor using bitcoin. It's not what I'm claiming. I'm just saying that volatility isn't the real roadblock imo, there are other bigger issues than that.
@_date: 2014-06-30 19:03:18
All in with disposable savings, which isn't any insane amount. As a twenty-something my risk tolerance (and the money I risk) is relatively tiny. 
For a bit of context and reasoning: the average 20 year old might have been able to save $10k and will make an average of say $30k over 45 years, close to $1.5m. So betting $10k at the age of 20 might be 100% of net worth, but it's way less risky than betting 50% at age 60, for example.
So I'm fairly comfortable. I've got a college degree, good health, supporting family etc. So I'm comfortable betting my savings on this after 6 months of daily reading.
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:35:25
It appears the UK doesn't currently see Bitcoin as a currency, as such Bitstamp in a way is fully compliant on that end. But the fiat side of things worries me in the long run.
@_date: 2014-04-22 11:49:28
Hehe pretty sweet demo. Hope to see something more comprehensive next. (e.g. dealing with accidental gestures, someone using the bracelet while you're asleep etc.)
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:24:47
Mmm well sort of. It's definitely true that block sizes play a (small) part. But a 1 mb block every 10 minutes only requires a 1.7 kilobyte per second speed to propagate. Of course, that small time difference can matter. (particularly because transaction fees are about 0.4% of block rewards, meaning even small delays in getting block rewards is quickly a less profitable option than simply ditching the transactions), but this effect is reducing over time due to the lopsidedness of block rewards vs miner fees reducing.
As for world-wide network speeds... Check out this article for example:
Network speeds tend to grow much faster than we think, only slightly lagging behind moore's law, but still exponentially, doubling every two years. I think our current network speeds could pretty easily sustain a 5mb blocksize, which would slightly more than double every two years. (Oh and Storage space per dollar seems to double every 14 months or so, with Moore's law doubling every 18 months and networks doubling every 21 months)
If you know of any more detailed analysis with some numbers I'd be happy to learn. For example, even though downloading a 20mb block only requires 33kb/s of downloading speed, I know a 20mb blocksize could never fly on a 56kb/s modem. It's more complex than that, but I don't know the exact numbers or analysis to use.
@_date: 2014-09-29 13:12:44
As is Circle...
edit: sorry I see this was in reply to OP saying 'circle is insured' implying Coinbase wasn't.
@_date: 2014-03-16 15:21:53
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:41:38
It happened, the day has come that I actually got bored from Coinbase's good-news-blog (tm). Very impressive guys, keep it up.
@_date: 2014-10-16 20:02:59


Go on, tell me one you can't do because that which the video is disingenuous about doesn't exist, according to you. I'm genuinely curious. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 00:57:24
Thanks buddy! 1 upvote
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:06:18
Check out 
None of these guys have bank accounts, yet most of them have jobs, all of them have internet, smartphones etc.
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:57:01
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:57:46
Not sure, Ayn Rand always thought monopolies were impossible in a free market. And most people thought that this, among other things, were one of her ridiculous statements. 
She argued that monopolies are created because governments give favourable positions to certain companies. 
I think history has shown that large companies can buy-out and undercut small competitors, forcing them to perish, and that monopoly forming in unregulated markets is something that happens quite naturally because of this. That's why we have laws to prevent a large company from merging with another large company (e.g. Microsoft and Google), they'd be too big. And there are laws to prohibit selling below cost price, so that large companies with large pockets can't turn the entire industry unprofitable and outlive all others due to their reserves.
But, as for your definition... a monopoly company that sets the price is indeed a free market. Everyone is free to set their own prices, after all. So a market with monopolies is not by definition unfree. A market with government prevention is indeed not a perfectly free market. We tend to speak of free market in degrees, as in the US is a relatively free market (even though it's got a shitton of protectionist measures and regulation and intervention).
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:00:23
This is what I'd see happen with an illegal Bitcoin though:
- Every person / company holding BTC is at risk as its illegal. In terms of the Economics, this risk is a cost. (e.g. if 5% of all BTC companies are shut down yearly, that's a 5% cost in the system that has to be paid for in the long run). Even if the risk is low (1-2%), that alone kind of kills Bitcoin as a service. Banks and many payment processors can compete with that. 
- This average risk (I mentioned 5% as an example) may actually be quite high. Remember that Silk Road could easily track activity because most people gave an address to get products delivered and left a trail on the blockchain. The blockchain can then be linked to the address, it was extremely easy for investigators to identify a large network of possible activity even outside of Silk Road. At the end of the day we're talking about a payment system which may involve a combination of physical and blockchain traces, it's just not a great space to be a criminal. (which is a nice thing).
- The average risk may be relatively low, but any one company or person stands to lose all his Bitcoin. Sure, BTC offers some anonimity, but look at Silk Road. And look at the fallout of that. (Shrem being arrested for selling bitcoin to a person who sold bitcoin to people who possibly bought drugs at an online marketplace that also sold plenty of legal products). Most people will not want to engage in this area when they have to put both their wealth and liberty at risk, for a payment solution that is marginally cheaper than legal alternatives. If you factor in effort to participate in Bitcoin when it's illegal and avoid trouble, you can put a pricetag on this effort, increasing the cost.
- Perhaps most importantly, we can see two things: Firstly, Bitcoin doesn't work without volume. The volatility will only go away as volume increases, as it'll be much more difficult to move the market when someone dumps 25k on an exchange when daily volume is 500k. Without low volatility it's extremely hard to convince anyone to hold or even get Bitcoin. This is particularly true when speculators know Bitcoin is illegal, and when payment processors (which have to work with banks almost by definition) don't allow merchants to cash out. A merchant with a 5-10% margin is unlikely to hold on to bitcoin if he can't cash out and is subject to high volatility (which will increase if bitcoin becomes illegal and volumes drop).
Bitcoin being illegal means no VC investments in any services, it means no payment processors, it means no ATMs anywhere, it means no exchanges. It means you can only buy and sell in bitcoin from companies who can barely advertise themselves anywhere as it's an illegal product, (it's hard and sometimes impossible to advertise porn, gambling, booze or cigs, which are all legal, let alone illegal drugs) and can never give you any trust by disclosing their office/warehouse locations or whatever. It means you can only trade bitcoin face to face with local people, who may or may not be police officers pretending to sell bitcoin.
I mean I can go on, but in short, I don't see bitcoin happening if it's illegal. Bitcoin thrives on a network effect which just collapses as it is illegal. It thrives on being (and the promise of becoming) the cheapest and most convenient way to do, among other things, payments, which collapses if you introduce cost, risk and inconvenience due to it being illegal. Bitcoin is interesting for being able to replace many parts of our legal system, particularly (proof of) ownership, notary services, digital signatures, stocks etc, which has no chance if Bitcoin is illegal.
In short, while it's true that you can't ban Bitcoin, I think we can make the case that if Bitcoin is illegal it'll have consequences pretty close to pulling the proverbial plug out of the internet.
The only scenario that could happen (but it's pretty unlikely) is that one country bans it, the rest doesn't, Bitcoin thrives, improves, adapts, and finds a way to conform to the need to battle crime, and that this country lifts the ban. But I think it's most likely that if a small number of American/European countries ban it, most other ones will too or that this itself already scares off VC, investments, speculation etc. 
On the upside, I don't think a scenario is very likely that Bitcoin will be banned.
@_date: 2014-06-06 00:11:27
I don't get why you won't just buy $10 worth of bitcoin :) Or $50 and buy some stuff for the house on Overstock.com. Worst case is you get a 10% better/worse deal.
I mean, when you shop for groceries do you also spend 6 months deciding on whether $30 is a good deal, or whether you should go for the guy selling at $26? Just make up your mind :D
Generally I'd personally stay away from too-good to be true things by the way, in bitcoin and anything else. There's rare, awesome opportunities that come and go in a split second that one ought to consider seizing, and then there's people selling at 30% below market price for weeks because he stole them and doesn't want to get verified on an exchange to sell them, or wants to lure uneducated kids into buying cheap coin only to do a double-spend :P So be careful with the too good to be true stuff in life, it often is.
Generally just check the average prices on something like bitcoinaverage.com or coindesk.com or winkdex.com. Those are typically prices that payment processors stick close to. (as in, $100 of goods on Overstock.com will be priced in bitcoin according to Coinbase's or Bitpay's price (in this case Coinbase) who will price the dollars in bitcoin according to the price they can sell the bitcoin for at an exchange, which is close to the above price indices. So that's what your bitcoin is 'worth' if you spend it)
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:02:21
Not sure, it's all open-source on github. Given enough users and enough interest checking the commits, it'd be hard to sneak in something nasty. And given you can PGP check the website's source code against the github's and the author's key, at least you have that.
But yeah that does assume people are actively checking it.
I'm leaning towards saying it's really extremely safe though so I'll be trying out $10, week later 1 bitcoin, and if it's there a month later, all my coin. Will update in June/July :)
@_date: 2014-11-24 15:52:04
Really depends :-/ Redis is pretty awesome, don't see why not. For security, you really need to keep your server secure, regardless of whether you use redis or anything else. And that's really, really difficult. A lot of server providers are very prone to social engineering. (e.g. simply making a phone call saying you're an engineer of company XYZ and need to reset the server works way more often than it should) and even reputable security companies have in the past had employees skip security protocols (like various identity checks over the phone, or deny over-the-phone stuff in the first place).
So Redis is great, if security is what you're worried about, I think it's a somewhat DB-agnostic issue to some extent. Again really depends what you want to do. But people at Circle, Coinbase etc, know to keep 95% of funds in cold-storage, not on a server. And keep the rest on a server specialized in security, literally in a locked vault behind armed guards, with very clear security protocols, background checks of employees and things like full harddrive encryption for employee computers and multi-signature keys. Whether redis is involved in that isn't really very relevant anymore.
@_date: 2014-05-11 00:05:54
Well, first of all... if a bitcoin goes missing from an address, you just look up the address and check the outputs to see where the bitcoin went.
Secondly, if you don't know which address bitcoin left from, how likely is it you know the exact amount of bitcoin to the 8th decimal place of the transaction? How would you even have that information? You might know it roughly, but that won't allow you to easily pinpoint the transaction. 
But even if you did, it'd be impossible to find out as it's trivially easy to make 1 bitcoin disappear in 100 million different addresses (ignoring tx fees for a second) for example. You could search for 1 bitcoin, but you'd never find it, as it was made in many different transactions.
And lastly, it's not a form of evidence. At best you may get a small shortlist of possible addresses. But there are probably many many thousands of 1 bitcoin transactions and wallets holding that exact amount. It's quite possible you pinpoint the completely wrong address.
In short, usually not necessary, when necessary you usually don't have the information you need, even if you do it's still difficult to track down addresses, and when you do, there's no way to say for certain that this is the actual correct address.
I'd still build the function, just don't get your hopes up it brings you any closer to finding missing bitcoin in most cases.
@_date: 2014-08-06 17:46:09
Thanks. Seems they put out a clarification quickly after.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:41:50
It'll likely drop over time for two reasons. 1) tx fees become more important as block rewards drop, meaning miners will compete over tx fees and they will go down because of it. And 2) ever improving networking speed means there is less reason not to include transactions (because right now, the only reason not to is because it'd slow down the blocks and you might miss out on your block reward). 
So over time I expect these fees to come down a bit. But not by much by the way. I don't think bitcoin will ever do microtransactions, never did. But if bitcoin takes off, it'll be fairly easy to build all kinds of offchain/sidechain/paymentchannels etc on top of it. Like 1 upvote is costing me nothing to send you 10 cents with this post, yet you can take those 10 cents on the blockchain whenever you want.
@_date: 2014-07-24 16:54:11
A wallet is something you put in your pocket. A place to hold your private keys is called a keychain, not a wallet.
If you want to be semantically and technically correct, then let's be clear about this. And let's call our 'smartphone' and our 'tablet' a 'personal computer' or PC for short.
Or not.
Clearly the whole idea of a 'digital wallet' is to have something that performs as a wallet, that makes the most sense. So, the ability to store and spend money. And that's what Xapo does. And that's why it makes a lot of sense to call it a wallet, besides their other 'vault' product for longer-term storage.
You can make the distinction between hosted wallets or not if you want, but to claim technically incorrectly that one thing is a wallet, but the other isn't, is just silly. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:15:05
Well, yes... if you're 25 and you bone a 14 year old, that's wrong. If you're 14 and you bone a 14 year old, that's fun. In other words, it merits a discussion as to whether he was a child when he was associated with sex with other children.
But as far as I know, neither is the case as he wasn't ever accused of these things. Guilt by association seems to be the biggest thing people fault him for.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:02:09
If 1% of gold would go into bitcoin, the price of bitcoin would tenfold over night.
As for gold's uses... well it's mostly the fact that everyone *thinks* it's valuable. There's other things that are more scarce than gold, so that's not it. There's other materials which have more use than gold, so that's also not it. And lastly, gold is indeed popular as jewelry, but only because it's valuable. If there were only 100 trees in the world, kanye west would be wearing wood, not gold. An example of that in history is aluminium, used to be extremely valuable and scarce, more so than gold, and the most expensive things (like cutlery at Napoleon's banquet or the coating of the Washington Monument) were coated or made of alumnium. Then we were able to make it in a factory and suddenly it became as fashionable as wearing a plastic bag, not at all. Not for its looks but simply because it's cheap. Fake gold looks as gold but we don't like it cause it's not valuable, not because of its looks.
So bitcoin really is one gigantic bubble, technically. But that's okay, humans need to have some thing as a safe haven that we all agree on. But apart from culture and history, there's nothing fundamentally or, give me a break, intrinsically, valuable about gold. 
Bitcoin is an interesting contender to chip away at least 1% from gold as a store of value. That alone would tenfold it's value as gold is worth $8 trillion. That's why investors are interested among a ton of other reasons.
@_date: 2014-04-16 23:53:19
I think at most people are misinformed about the difference between an exchange and a broker, not actually trying to spread false rumours. They did launch a high-value brokerage service for unaccredited parties through a credible US-based counterparty, that's good news.
@_date: 2014-04-03 12:28:48
Hey bud,
No problem, glad to discuss bitcoin :)
So Andreas is upset for a couple of legitimate reasons, but I think overestimates some of the hurdles.
So firstly he talks about a lack of input from bitcoin businesses, investors and users. And he's spot on. Apparently, nobody was invited whatsoever to talk about the IRS decision, which is surprising. Generally, the US has always backed and worked together with its businesses, government support for US commerce has always been a driving force behind economic growth and new industries. He makes the comparison to the Internet, and even when Fincen and the government were looking at Bitcoin, they repeatedly invited people intimately involved in bitcoin to speak. The IRS didn't. Whatever their decision, the way to it was a mistake. I agree here, and it's reason to be upset.
Secondly, he talks about paperwork, and here I disagree going forward. One thing he stresses is that apparently, if you bought bitcoin years ago, it's still taxable. As such, it's creating an administrative burden on transactions that happened when there was no IRS guidance as to how to do the administrative duties. That is a bit tricky, I agree, but I expect the IRS to be pretty lenient in that it doesn't expect every lunch you bought with bitcoin the past years to be accounted for to the exact cent. But going forward, I personally see software easily handling any accounting duties. I want to stress the following fact:
* Let's not forget, bitcoin is nothing more than a digital ledger. Digital accounting of a digital ledger is the easiest thing imaginable.
So I agree with Andreas, taxing the past is tricky, cumbersome and annoying. Tax duties in future, it shouldn't be a problem. When you buy a coffee, your wallet keeps track of whatever potential appreciation there might be. Again, you only pay taxes if your bitcoins made a profit. Fiat currencies depreciate in value, and if you generate some interest on them (essentially if they appreciate in value), you pay taxes, too. Not dissimilar to bitcoin.
Then Andreas spoke about clarity and that being a good thing. I agree here, while he disagrees with the decision, he's happy there is clarity.
And finally he makes his actual point: fiat currencies are both seen as currencies and assets. If an American buys some Euro or Pounds in his investment portfolio, they're assets that he pays capital gains tax on just like Bitcoin. But if an American uses any currency simply for payments, they're just that, payments. There is no reason the IRS couldn't have given the same guidance, i.e.: if you purchase bitcoin as an institutional investment, it's taxed by capital gains. Essentially that means, whenever you hold bitcoin at an exchange or at an exchange traded fund or at an investment fund, you pay tax on any capital gains. But once you've withdrawn bitcoin from an exchange or ATM, it becomes a currency in your pocket and shouldn't be taxed.
I agree with this fully. But I acknowledge that bitcoin is a scary, new thing, and the current IRS decision is not one that destroys bitcoin. A better decision could be made like the one above, but bitcoin being a property is not a huge problem. It only diminishes the profits of bitcoin appreciation by a fraction, that's it. Accounting is very solvable (Bitpay already had it solved before the IRS ruling came out.)
Hope that helps :)
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:44:49
Great to see indeed. Glad you guys let her work with you for a week and I hope to see you guys blog more openly like this, blogging about new product launches or big merchants is one thing, but startups stories, especially bitcoin startup stories, are fascinating, too.
@_date: 2014-05-19 22:19:23
Thanks buddy!! :D
@_date: 2014-09-29 10:47:53
Compared to exactly 1 year ago the USD value is about 2-3x. Compared to two years ago the USD value is about 20-25x. Compared to 3 years ago the USD value is about 100x.
Just look at the September '11, '12, '13, '14 points.
As for 'more smaller transactions'. Even if this was the case (I'd have to look into it), it'd likely be a signal that bitcoin is shifting from just being an asset class (people trading only $250 or $1000 or $10k worth of coin for speculation) to something being used on a day to day basis (people buying pizza delivery online for $20, people buying some bedsheets for $30, or a new harddrive for their PC for $80.) Looking at the trend of bitcoin adoption (mostly focused on online commerce and remittance) that seems in line with expectations.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:16:14
It is insider trading but I'm not sure if it's illegal in unregulated context or on an individual scale.
By comparison, SecondMarket halted all trading instead of selling all their coin or worse, shorting coins they didn't have, knowing the value would drop. That's an institution in a regulated market that opted out of insider trading.
I really don't like TBI's approach to things (in short, he is currently withholding information from the bitcoin public while defaming founders of the bitcoin foundation without providing evidence and blackmailing them in the process. He may be right, but this is not the way), but I'm not sure I would blame him for selling his bitcoins when he did.
@_date: 2014-07-21 09:37:57
There's about 6 billion people who'd kill for your wealth even without your car or your house, just keep that in mind. And there are a shitton of people who'd love to just be in good health and have nothing else. Rejoice in what you have.
And just remember that bitcoin is extremely nascent, it might just do another 10x or 100x and I'd say the odds of that are a little bit better than they were in 2011 (when it really could've gone either way, when you could only buy drugs, socks and when there were barely any investments, merchants, exchanges etc)
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:17:11


No man, that's not correct.
Imagine the price is 100x what it is today, clearly an overpriced GH/S. 
But would it mean free money? No, it would mean that, if say 1 bitcoin buys 100 GH/S, and 100 GH/S generates roughly 1 bitcoin in block rewards over its lifetime, then a 100x overpriced GH/S would buy you just 1 GH/S for 1 bitcoin, which would generate only 0.01 bitcoin.
Combine that with the fact that the long-term price trend of GH/S on cex.io is DOWN, it means that you can only resell your GH/S for less than you bought it.
The more overpriced a GH/S is, the more you lose. Virtually everybody is losing money on cex.io because they buy without running the numbers. There are many posts about this where people earn less than they paid. I've done the numbers myself and it's a negative investment. 
If you're mining for the community, don't mine at cex.io/ghash. If you're selfish looking to profit, don't fucking buy cex.io because it loses you money.
Run the numbers yourself people, it's a negative investment plan and simple. And that makes sense. If I buy a $10 mining rig and make $15 off of it, I'm not gonna fucking rent it out for $14 and miss out on $1 of profit. I'll rent it out for no less than $15, say $16... but it only makes $15 of profit, so you lose money. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 06:55:56
Dayum, this is one sneaky ass thing to do. I don't understand why Chrome would ever allow something like this without putting up a window asking for permissions, a window that can't be formatted or manipulated and is clearly Google's own window, stating something like 'GIVING PERMISSION TO SHARE PASSWORDS' or whatever. I mean this is a pretty sophisticated way, short of always glancing at the URL and double checking every little thing, I bet more than half of all users would make this mistake if presented with something like this once a month.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:56:07
Not even a contract for managed services... then it's outright criminal what Rogers did as they weren't mandated to access private servers they so happened to secure. 
That's a much bigger issue than 'just' an engineer ostensibly doing his job for the completely wrong person. This is an engineer doing something he wasn't hired to, for the completely wrong person, aka going above and beyond to compromise security when apparently the only major service provided was security.
@_date: 2014-07-16 16:22:22
It's always cool to read this news. The thing I like about it most is stuff like 'discovered bitcoin in early 2013, did a side project, did y-combinator in late 2013 for 3 months' etc. The point is, that this is the first time many of us here about them, first time they get investments, but this news lags about 12 months after they discovered bitcoin and started building bitcoin projects. So just consider how many people got into bitcoin around dec-january and are currently building a product, will be pitching and launching after the summer? How many young graduates are writing a thesis on bitcoin? How many professors are working on bitcoin material for some of their classes for the fall semester? How many companies are currently talking to e.g. Coinbase for large-scale integration? All of that is happening right now, but we won't hear about it for months. That's pretty exciting.
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:21:36
I see two outcomes, one of which will happen, perhaps both
1) The IRS will reverse its decision. I truly believe this. Not this year, maybe not the next. But it will. Remember, VC investments in all of finance for 2013 were about 550m, while in the first 5 months of this year about 115m was raised for Bitcoin VC investments alone, that's mainstream money. Ebay CEO just said they'll need to integrate it into their business at some point. We've got a 25 billion dollar company taking bitcoin. This is becoming a big mainstream deal, and that'll pressure the IRS. Essentially, the IRS taxes it as property when it is property, and as currency when it is currency. A few months ago, 90% of people bought bitcoins as an investment class, in a few years from now, I think that will be less than 50%, and when the majority use of bitcoin is a digital currency, it'll be taxed as such.
2) Bitcoin taxes is an administrative burden, and a financial duty. Nothing more, nothing less. Secondly, it's completely digital. The solution is easy, because it's a software solution that all wallets will implement. Basically users will have to tick a box 'Are you a US customer?' if they tick *yes*, the wallet will automatically record each bitcoin deposit and withdrawal and query an average bitcoin price at each moment and calculate your tax obligations. You can then push a button once a year and print it all out, and send it to the IRS like you normally do. You won't have to think about it when paying for a coffee. All consumer wallets will get this at some point unless the IRS reverses it early on.
Hell, Coinbase already has this feature where they calculate all your bitcoin taxes for you. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Coinbase offered a 'auto-tax' feature, where it wouldn't just record how much taxes you owe, but when making the transaction it'd earmark the taxes in bitcoins to a separate part of your wallet, and at the end of the year you'd be able to press a button and Coinbase would auto-convert it to USD for you and send it to the IRS account under your name. If the IRS doesn't reverse their decision in 10 years, this stuff will happen, frictionlessly. But I doubt bitcoin will still be taxed purely as property in a few years from now. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:13:32
Again, nobody disagrees, but you're taking things out of context. This is a thread specifically talking about a survey where a question is asked which OS you use for your personal computing. Someone mentioned Linux isn't a big target because Linux adoption is very low (in the area of personal computing) and you took that out of context to argue for arguments' sake and tell him wrong because most servers run on Linux. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:04:17
From my experience you usually see a 5% crash right before bad news hit, due to insiders already knowing about this news.
Not trying to incite anything here, I'm not selling my 10 bitcoin anytime soon. Generally, these are good times to buy small amounts of bitcoin cheap for speculation (sell a week later), while the majority you should simply hold and not touch for months.
@_date: 2014-08-23 19:26:10
I'm guessing the insurance costs at some point can go very low. The reason is simply because it's trivially easy to secure 93% of your deposits in cold storage, with the same level of security as a nuclear bomb launch code. 
Not sure how familiar you are with the technicalities of private keys (at the most simple level, comprehending that generating a random 2^256 private key is child's play, and that nobody will ever randomly generate that key. All that's left is to distribute that key do say 10 people, none of whom individually can use the key, only when many use it at the same time, and let them secure it in different vaults (e.g. a secure bank vault) and encrypt it with their own personal passwords. 
And this isn't anything new. This is really basic security of cryptographic keys. Most large companies in the world have to do this, i.e. every bank uses cryptography, Paypal, but also companies like Facebook would use SSL and internal cryptographic security. So there's industry standards for this type of security and thus the insurance product isn't very novel. It's a basic question of 'did you implement industry standard practices on level XYZ, if so, we can offer ABC insurance package.' Again, this is merely storing about a page of data.
Beyond that there's a 3% or so hot wallet for daily activity. And then another 3% or so that's 'semi-cold'. In that it's not live on a server, it's in cold storage, but to retrieve these funds is a little quicker, so one could top-up the live wallet if necessary within e.g. 6 hours as opposed to say 48 hours.
So they generally only need to actually pay a decent fee on the live wallet which is tiny, and can at this point be covered by their own company money if need be ($25m funding, meaning if they used half to cover the 3% hot wallet, they'd be able to insure up to half a billion dollars) while the bulk of the funds are in very inexpensive very secure cold storage.
That's the general idea, I'd say, to keep 93% extremely secure and thus extremely cheap to insure. They basically will have to start generating revenue before they suddenly manage billions of dollars of funds that start to get (in nominal terms) expensive to insure. And that's generally not a big issue. If you have millions of users and billions of funds in management, there's tons of products to offer. Indeed, merchant services as you say, a remittance platform, a crowdfunding platform, a peer to peer lending system, a payments (gift) card, or simply monetize your userbase by offering your users bitcoin-deals from large companies similar to Groupon. There's a million different business ideas if you have a large user/funds base.
@_date: 2014-07-13 23:00:14
That was meant to refer to 'fewer than 2^80bit attacks' that nullc was talking about two levels above my post when he said 2^80 is possible, and there are attacks that can be easier than that. My bad. The first such attack was in early 2005 on a reduced version and later that year on the full version ( fewer than 2^69 ) which is what I was referring to poorly.
@_date: 2014-08-01 19:34:49
No paypal employees there?
@_date: 2014-06-19 12:35:05


I don't think this is a very good point. It IS impossibly expensive to build your own farm EXCEPT if this farm is almost guaranteed to generate a shitton of money. Every month about $50m of bitcoin is mined, if you can control 30% of that, then it's okay to spend $50m for a farm that stays competitive for 6 months.
In other words, these farms NEED the block rewards of e.g. $50m a month to stay that high. If they start double-spending, bitcoin's price drops and $50m becomes $5m and then their farm generates less money than the cost of electricity, and they shut it down, despite having paid tens of millions for now useless door posts.
So again, bitcoin is secured by incentives. For me this is hard to swallow, I don't like incentive-based security. But if it works, it works. e.g. all of cryptography is incentive based. (e.g. every google password or banking password can be bruteforce hacked, but the cost involved (e.g. building 1 million times today's sum of all supercomputers) is way bigger than the benefit, thus the incentives aren't there)
In the same way nobody is going to invest $1b in computing power to crack 1 gmail account, nobody is going to invest $100m to double-spend and make a few million in returns. That's the basic idea. The fact that people can spend $100m is not surprising is it? Of course someone can. But it also means they won't misuse that power, arguably of course, unless they can make more than $100m by lying and cheating and that's not the case with bitcoin, they can only make more than $100m by finding blocks the legitimate way.
@_date: 2014-06-25 10:43:35
Nah. Sure I'll pay $1m for a Van Gogh because they're regularly valued at $10-80m. That's the established market price, and telling five people who know the market price surely will try their best to pay as much as they can, perhaps $1m.  But they know they can resell it later at a much higher price.
Whereas a bitcoin, if you tell 5 people or 5.000 people, nobody will be willing to pay much more than $600 right now. The market price hasn't been established yet at any other price.
It'd be like asking in 1875 if you'd want to buy a Van Gogh. Most would not, for any weak price, despite the paintings becoming extremely valuable later on. Because the market hadn't established yet how valuable his work really was.
Of course the price could be $600 in 10 years, but it has nothing to do with your analogy of Van Gogh or how many people know about it. It just has something to do with whether people actually use bitcoin, as the quantity theory of money dictates more usage leads to (as an imperative) to a higher price, unless you increase the amount of tokens as much as usage or increase the velocity of money as much, neither of which can grow very much.
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:20:07
lol fuck you Nic, you got us twice already!
Still, I'm slightly excited :p
@_date: 2014-04-15 15:51:18
hahaha, thanks for summing this up.
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:44:38
I'm working on this myself :p congrats bud!
@_date: 2014-06-15 16:05:39
Less safe than a properly made (cold) and secured paper wallet. 
And I think that should tell you enough.
It only takes a few minutes to take an app, scan your private key and swipe the fees and send them back to an exchange if you need to. So unless you want daytrading funds at an exchange because you actually daytrade actively, you shouldn't keep your funds on an exchange.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:07:53
There's no spread. If the buy/sell price is the same, there's no spread, period.
This price may be different from the price at another exchange, yes, there might be a spread there. If the price was $500 at Coinbase and $510 at Circle, then yes, there's a spread there and you could call this a 'fee', as Circle charges $10 more for its bitcoin, thus anyone who buys bitcoin there is paying extra and Circle is profiting.
But think this through. The buy/sell price is the same. So? Users would buy at Coinbase, deposit at Circle and sell there. Circle would just be losing money, by paying extra.
Any benefit that Circle could have is exactly equal to any losses that it could make. 
And there are enough savvy people to exploit an easy arbitrage, if Circle really was charging more for its bitcoin, because it'd mean Circle was also paying more for bitcoin than others.
The very fact that the buy/sell price is the same on there platform means a lot.
@_date: 2014-05-08 11:20:02
It's quite a negative article with a lot of truth to it, unfortunately. The big difference with me and the article is that I'm willing to look at bitcoin's first principles and then argue from there about its future, whereas the article simply looks at the situation today and points out its flaws, ignoring these flaws are quite temporal.
For example if you look at google glass today, it's probably a shitty product for most people and it's easy to point out its flaws. But if you argue from its fundamentals and look at a few key trends in batteries, software, lightweight materials, culture, wireless internet and processing power, it's quite easy to imagine the google glass to be a key consumer product in five years from now. 
Bitcoin is pretty similar, only the problems are magnified because a network derives its value from the size of the network (metcalfe's law) while the bitcoin network is new and small. Of course it's to be expected that there are only few merchants accepting it. Of course it's to be expected that you can manipulate the price if there's only a few million people holding it. Of course transaction fees go up if there suddenly aren't any block rewards. But these are all extremely temporal problems. Just like it once took 4 hours for a $5000 computer to download an unformatted text-onlynewspaper, during which you couldn't make any phonecalls, and the connection cost you $60. Of course that can't compete with a physical newspaper, but we now know today it was a temporal problem, a decade later we began undeniable seeing all media shift to digital.
Anyway, the key takeaway for me was no regulation by the central bank which is great. It'll happen some day, which is alright, but this gives startups time to build a business before getting hit with millions of dollars worth of compliance costs.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:20:26
At some point you stop to take him seriously. While I always disagreed with him on everything but the fact that bitcoin is a risky investment (no shit), he's made too much of these silly remarks to really take anything he says seriously anymore.
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:22:20
False and I disagree.
Firstly, when you're starving to death, I doubt you'd prefer death than a meal even if it's not an infinite meal plan. If you don't, trust me, there are millions who do.
Secondly, people are not necessary starving to death. They can be malnourished, a proper diet can let a person become healthy and self-reliant again.
Thirdly, a person can be impoverished to the extent that all their income goes to trying to stay alive such as purchasing food. In this situation it's very hard to invest in the things they need to become self-reliant again. Providing for their basic needs lets them save money, find time to look for a job, purchase seeds or chickens etc. 
But more importantly, it was just an example. I never actually donate specifically money for meal plans for the poor. I donate in two areas, one is immediate relief in emergency situations (e.g. providing relief in war-torn areas where it's extremely important to bring back basic infrastructure. If you don't you'll have things like cholera breaking out that can do more damage than the actual war.). But the bulk of my donations to go places like  which provide microfinancing. This is a structural (teach a man to fish, he'll eat for a lifetime) type of international aid solution. Data shows it's quite effective at providing a long-term solution.
In any case, I prefer all these things to donating to zoo animals for hopefully obvious reasons now. There are many large differences in the power of donations, it's important to carefully consider where you put your money. A quick example: you can spend $20k to raise and train a guide dog to help a blind person in a developed country live their life. Or you can spend the same amount of money to cure about 1.000 people by treating cataracts in the eyes for usually just $20 per patient. It's just such a huge difference, let one blind person live easier, or cure hundreds of people of blindness. There are more examples, so again, if anyone asks you for donations for guide dogs, I'd recommend not saying no unless you're sure you'll donate it to something more cost-efficient instead like this. 
(read about this treatment here: 
@_date: 2014-05-04 10:06:58
Gavin is very well known for this sentence because he pretty much always uses it. I'm not sure where it comes from, we could speculate.
I think for one thing, he's pretty keen on distancing himself from the enthusiasts in order to gain credibility when speaking to new audiences. And this seems to really work. When he says things like this, or calls himself a 'bitcoin skeptic' which he often does, too, anything else he says will hold much more value for the audience. Because a sentence later he'll call bitcoin a brilliant innovation, which people are now much more likely to believe as they don't view him as a myopic fanatic.
And secondly, he sort of really does believe it and he's not all that interested in the 'flair'. He'll say for example when asked 'what does bitcoin look like in 10y from now' that he hopes it's very boring and mainstream and that only nerdy people like him come to these conferences. He really sees it as a (comp.) science experiment. Now please note, the theory of evolution, the internet, the trip to the moon, these were all experiments, and still are, yet they've become very real and very valuable.
But let's go back and think, what is an experiment really? Well, consider if it wasn't an experiment. That would mean it was some largely planned certainty of a new payment system concocted by a government or business or something. That would make it an actual planned thing, not an experiment. I think it's obvious, the open, permissionless, open-source, public innovation that is bitcoin, is fortunately an experiment, instead of such a planned thing.
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:37:49
Anytime :)
By the way I made a mistake here:


Now let's go back to the coffee shop. It could, itself, download 3600x more bandwidth than a 10-minute 1mb block uses today. That means that a coffee shop in 10 years from now with the same price of their internet speed, can download blocks that hold 14 million times as many transactions as a typical block holds today.
That should've said: we do 0.7 tps today, we can do 7 tps today so 10x more. Our network speed in 10 years grows by 57x, so we could do 570x as many transactions in 10 years compared to today without extra networking usage. And a coffeeshop today can download 3600 blocks every 10 minutes, instead of just 1. So take that all together and that coffee shop in korea can download or upload about 2 million times more transactions than today's transaction bandwidth, not 14 million. 
That's still an insane number, given there are about 1m users today, 1000x as many such average users would mean there'd be 1 billion bitcoin users in total. Scaling by 7.000 means every person on the planet would use bitcoin as the average bitcoin user today.
So imagine if we could scale the coffee shop's public wifi transaction bandwidth by 2 million times in 10 years. 
So generally I don't think it's a huge problem. If I can stream 4k video to my TV using google fiber today, there should be enough capacity for me to send what are essentially tiny text messages that describe a transaction.
For example, twitter tweets are about 2x as large as a bitcoin transaction in bytes. 140 characters is about 200 bytes but it carries all kinds of metadata, too (who post it, timestamp etc.) and when you add a small image to a tweets the tweet suddenly becomes 1000x larger. Anyway, so 2x is an understatement. But twitter has done a 143k tweets per second record last year. Might've been surpassed by now. That's about the same data (assuming none of the tweets had images) 300k bitcoin transactions per second, twitter's been doing that kind of volume. So doing 300k TPS (easily 10x all creditcard transactions together worldwide) on technology of 2020 is very feasible, for example.
Let's not forget, twitter did $0.6 billion in revenues in 2013. It sends 200 billion tweets per day. We know they're profitable, thus the costs of sending all those tweets is less than $0.6 billion. Which means that the cost per tweet is 0.6 / (200*365).
That means sending a tweet costs twitter less than $0.0000082. 1200 transactions would cost $1. By comparison, at a cost of 5 cent per bitcoin transaction you could only send 20 transactions for $1. So sending a bitcoin payment that's extremely cheap is orders of magnitudes more expensive than sending a tweet. In other words, the economics of bitcoin, which are much, much cheaper than e.g. creditcards, are so expensive that there's plenty of money for miners and nodes to go around to support a vastly larger network.
Alright with that I'll end by ramblings. It can be pretty easy to start bullshitting with big numbers. This comic is very relevant :p
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:27:04
Generally because it's pretty tricky to actually short bitcoin. Sure if you can find a friend who's willing to put some money in escrow... but most exchanges don't offer shorting, and it's likely if bitcoin goes to 0, the bitcoin exchanges that do offer shorting will either go out of business, or went out of business for the same reasons bitcoin started dropping to 0. (For example, a major bug. Look at SSL, this has been tested and looked at by tens of thousands of software engineers and cryptographers, used by hundreds of millions of people, yet a bug was not uncovered for years and years. It's not impossible)
So in other words, not only is it hard to find a place to short bitcoin, but an anti-bitcoiner would likely not trust places that offer bitcoin shorting for the same reason they don't believe in bitcoin. They might not want involvement or obligations with such exchanges.
If the Federal Reserve had some sort of financial product you could safely buy through your local bank, where you make money if bitcoin goes down in value but must pay if bitcoin rises in value with similar numbers like if they'd have shorted the coin, I think quite a few people would be pretty interested. But right now, anyone who wants to short bitcoin because he doesn't believe in the bitcoin ecosystem has to work with those very same parties in the bitcoin ecosystem to actually get this done. I suspect this wouldn't be nearly as popular, but it's unrelated to the notion of shorting, it's just got to do with the how, what and who to trust etc.
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:18:56
a hex number isn't 16 bits though, it's log2(16) = 4 bits. And throwing 16 dice therefore is just 64 bits (log2(16^16) = 64) which is pretty ok-ish security by the way, but I'd definitely personally go for 100 bits at the very least.  
But yeah otherwise good idea, 16 sided die can save a bunch of time :p
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:19:08
How do they do this? If I use a blockchain.info wallet for example, isn't that easy to double spend?
@_date: 2014-09-13 20:28:20
Nice. You should ask for a big booty ho next year.
@_date: 2014-10-07 11:02:08
That's hilarious. I like the new look already by the way, pretty slick, it's a nice placeholder for a more pervasive makeover.
Would love to hear about the roadmap you guys have. I know some things will be developed in stealth, but it'd be interesting to hear if you have specific plans for 2015, 2016, 2017, and what they broadly involve. (e.g. focus on building out an API, a multi-sig wallet, blockchain analysing tools, a partnership with ATMs/exchanges, what kind of categories is blockchain.info thinking about targetting?)
@_date: 2014-04-23 08:44:50
@_date: 2014-05-22 11:19:34
Agreed :)
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:18:37
THANKS :D
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:43:00
The key point is that there is a system with a risk. Whoever takes the burden can make his own choices.
So if you buy a coffee in a store and walk out straight away, the merchant is left with double-spending risk. At that point, it's not unreasonable for the merchant to ask you to pay 1% extra to cover the risk, or use a trusted wallet. (multi-sig wallets where the trusted party has no access to your coin are sufficient.)
But that doesn't mean this is forced on the user. If the user wants to wait 10-20 minutes for 1-2 confirmations instead of pay or use a multi-sig address, that's fine, too.
And again, bitcoin's 'low hanging fruit' in terms of payments is payments for the web, physical stores are further down the list. And for payments for the web (ecommerce) 9/10 times confirmation time isn't an issue at all.
You're welcome to suggest other solutions, by the way. Gavin has said it *might* happen to see faster block times, for example. The obvious problem is blockchain bloat and more block orphans, and I doubt we'll see it go below 1 minute. And standing around for 1 minute after paying isn't a form factor that will fly in stores, either, so it wouldn't matter too much.
@_date: 2014-04-06 15:34:40
Thanks mate, that clears some things up. So you're essentially saying the hashing algorithm bitcoin uses is not easily available in large quantities, and distributed as such that it's difficult to rent large portions of it. Which is not the case with altcoins because their hashing algorithms are much more easily available in the necessary quantities. I hadn't considered that.
Are there any viable (theoretical) solutions for that latter point (new consensus rules)? I'm unfamiliar to what you're hinting at but obviously it's pretty important! 
Thanks for the info
edit: do you have any rough calculations what kind of transaction value can be securely transferred at the moment? Somehow I have this feeling that already we should be able to calculate minimum transaction fees  (as a percentage value of whatever volume of bitcoin is being transacted) if we know how much the bitcoin-revenues must be for miners (agnostic to whether they come from transaction fees or block rewards) to provide certain levels of security that can securely (expecting rational economic actors) transact a certain volume of bitcoin in a certain timeframe. Shouldn't there be an underlying formula for this that holds true today as well as in 10 years, regardless of wether the miner revenues come from fees or block rewards...
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:19:59
I'm excited but hedging isn't magic. First of all, hedging is done by buying derivatives. See that word? Buying. It's not free. Basically a speculative investor makes a bet, then you can buy into that bet without the actual risk, by paying him a fee. So say the bet is that the price of bitcoin will rise, you can hedge against the risk of your coin's devaluation by buying this investor's bet. If the value does rise, you're good, the investor is doubly good as he's got your fee plus a price rise (or just your fee if the price remains the same). And if the price drops, you're good because the investor pays you for it, he loses money (although a small amount is offset by this fee).
In short, hedging involves derivatives, which involves fees. So who wants to use it? Does a customer really want to hold $100 of bitcoin and lock in the price, but pay say 1% monthly for the derivatives that make this possible? No, he'd rather hold $100 on Paypal or in his bank, and use any payment system (including bitcoin) when necessary.
Secondly, derivatives require liquidity. It requires a pool of investors offering these derivatives. This largely isn't happening yet. And a shallow pool of derivatives is very easy to game (look at the price drop from $500, many speculate the automatic selloff of leveraged positions caused it when someone created a small dip in the price to set off margin calls). And lastly, derivatives present regulatory hardships. The financial crisis was in part caused by it, and so it's received more stringent interest from regulators. In other words, it's not cheap, not easy, limited in size, carries systemic risks, and has no clear benefits versus the payment processing model of Coinbase/Bitpay that we have today.
So all in all, I'm a fan of derivatives, they have a role to play, but they're not going to be a magic bullet for Q4 of 2014. It's something that really has to mature, combined with a larger market cap and lower volatility, before consumer or merchant level hedging becomes commonplace. For now it's simply a much more interesting approach to just sell bitcoin and keep dollars, rather than keep bitcoin and hedge with derivatives.
It's baby steps. They're great, I like it, but it's not as exciting as Circle. Hedging investments is basically at the level of 2011 exchanges. Circle's elegance and sophistication as an exchange/wallet is very solid, usable, free, practical, fast, it took years to go from Mt. Gox php-based crap to this. And it'll take some time for bitcoin hedging to get to the same level of sophistication. That's why the one is exciting, the other is something I'm just keeping an eye on.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:51:51
Coinbase.com or Bitpay.com are the biggest payment processors. They take the dollar price (e.g. $100) and go to an exchange to get the best bitcoin price. Then they tell you to pay that. You pay, they sell your bitcoin at the exchange.
Which exchange they choose isn't known 100%. Usually bitstamp in the past, it depends on where they can get the best price. For European merchants they might use Kraken for example.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:08:25
facts biiitch!
Sole-proprietor here, I cry everytime paypal takes 3% of my earnings :( 
@_date: 2014-06-09 11:43:05
ugh it's too early to go to rembrandt for someone who was there late last night &gt;_&lt;
@_date: 2014-10-04 12:54:35
If you look at the 'return to the mean' and look at the trend over the past 5 years, we're pretty much there right now. Bitcoin grows with several hype bubbles, after each the price collapses (but way above the original numbers) and then lies dormant for months, often while new software is being developed, new partnerships created, new investments made, and then something pushes it further to a new hype bubble.
Anyway what will happen, I don't know, but I'm seeing a genuine ecosystem for the first time. I'm seeing lots of cool companies participating, both new, fringe, scrappy, as well as professional, as well as highly traditional incumbents.
 Let's face it, this was always what we wanted, an ecosystem where we could actually have deterministic wallets that are secured with multi-sig, an ecosystem where you could instantly buy bitcoin for free, an ecosystem where you had billion dollar retailers letting you buy food, electronics, hotels, flights, games, clothes, porn and books. An ecosystem where big cities had their own ATM, where governments acknowledged it and technology legends praise it.
I'm really glad to see bitcoin where it is today. I'd rather have all this and a price that's 3x the level of last year, than none of this and a price 10 times the level of last year.
If you're really only in this for the money, frankly I don't care for your opinion. That's a valid interest, but take it to bitcoin markets. On this subreddit I want to discuss the impact of bitcoin. 
And if there's one thing you should know by now, price is a good proxy over long periods of time, in specific moments, it's a shitty proxy for the health and impact of bitcoin. This very fact is what sparked all the recent jokes like 'Paypal integrates bitcoin, look out, price crash incoming!' because price and good news have been disconnected for months. 
So why focus on a metric that is a bad proxy for the thing we care about? Bitcoin making an impact. And there's lots of reason to suggest bitcoin is making waves, there's been tons of good news. I'm really happy to see where bitcoin is today.
@_date: 2014-12-02 18:40:50
What an idiot.
@_date: 2014-04-21 10:28:38
This is a nice idea mate.
@_date: 2014-07-21 18:03:12
Oh I have it all in an excel sheet. You don't seriously think I made a singular purchase years ago and that's it? lol. Have you ever bought a stock or an asset or commodity of anything? If you want to know, I bought in at multiple prices, mostly in 2011.
@_date: 2014-02-28 13:05:06
Yeah I read that report, which is indicative of a huge market opportunity for them. They were making a shitton of money by bitcoin-business standards, they were the biggest and only one for years. 
Indeed, their profits weren't too high but let's not forget most bitcoin businesses are currently equity/debt funded and have high burn rates. Not many are making immediate profits, let alone high ones. For Mt. Gox to scale like it did while making a profit with huge short-term opportunities was certainly no reason to make up a plot to intentionally go bankrupt and then recover the coins and then get into legal troubles over this scheme, as well as forever scarring your reputation and missing out on growing the business.
Thanks for your thoughts :)
@_date: 2014-03-16 13:36:33
Now. An average 'old laptop' does about 2 MHash per second. A Hashfast ASIC does 1.2 million Mhash per second and it costs $7k. So for a mere 100 thousand dollars you mine faster than about 8.5 million laptops giving you 51% of the network and allowing you to dictate the blockchain. You can also easily see that those laptops are far more expensive in terms of hardware/electricity/servicing than running 14 ASICs.
So, as you say, without bitcoin the currency having (speculative) value, you would only have old laptops mining. That means anyone with 100k can completely take over the global network, in other words, the poorest network security in the world.
Bitcoin would 'exist', it just wouldn't secure enough due to too little hash power for anyone to use it for things like smart property, contracts, stocks etc. So again, Bitcoin needs bitcoin the currency to *meaningfully* exist.
@_date: 2014-05-05 20:42:58
Thanks a lot buddy that's very kind, I'll be sure to pass it on :)
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:45:07
Because some people either think something fundamentally changed (e.g. if China clamps down, others will too, regulation will never allow it, ATMs, payment processors, mainstream merchants etc are out, bitcoin is dead), or are mistaken about this.
Knowing this, even someone who doesn't believe anything changed knows the price is going down because others do. And so he sells. This creates a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy, until enough panic sellers left the game and it's cheap enough for true believers to step in and say, these are really cheap coins, I'm buying, stabilizing the price.
It's frustrating, but also temporary. In a few years from now, every country has shaped legislation and you won't get these big swings anymore as all regulatory expectations are mostly priced in already. Right now, that's a big point of speculation, few years from now, we know, no speculation needed.
@_date: 2014-09-11 22:36:54
Is there anything not-too specific (NDA-restricted) stuff that you can talk about in terms of Coinbase's plans? e.g. has there ever been an internal discussion to lower the 1% fees given the rise of Circle? Are there any billion-dollar retailers in the pipeline? Is the active customer base growing (we see wallets, but what about average activity)? Are you profitable? 
I know some are specific, but stuff like that. I think in such a nascent industry where everyone is rooting for the fast-moving bitcoin companies, we'd all love a little bit more transparancy.
@_date: 2014-10-15 22:34:17
You have limited coding ability in bitcoin transactions. You have a scripting language first of all. This allows things like multi-signature transactions or time-based transactions. (you can program transactions to happen when multiple keys sign it, or when a certain date has passed).
Besides that, each bitcoin has a unique cryptographic key. 
And lastly, all of this is on what you can consider an open API: the blockchain.
And with these three things you can essentially program money in many ways. You can parse the blockchain for transactions, and find out if you got paid. If so, you can run a program (e.g. have a drone land and drop off a package, or have a taxi door open, after a customer pays). 
You don't need to develop or acquire access to a banking API to figure out if a payment happened, the money natively sits on an open API that is the blockchain.
The transactions themselves are, again, all natively happening on software. To pay, you simply run a piece of software, and you can make that as complex as you want.
You can run a food stamp program using actual money, not stamps, and put the coins into a multi-signature address. One key is held by the individual, the other by the government. Then you can run an algorithm that only signs transactions the customer makes when he's paying at one of 20 different registered grocery stores. And you can create transactions before distributing the money to automatically return to the government after 60 days, by actually publishing timelocked transactions (using bitcoin scripting). Meaning you can't hoard foodstamps, programmed into the blockchain.
And each satoshi has a unique identifier, so it's quite possible to 'color' coins by registering them and tracking them forever. These assets can say be redeemable for e.g. oil, currency, food stamps, doesn't matter.
Bitcoin is as closer to programmable money than anything I've seen.
@_date: 2014-05-21 10:38:42
Man they've got a really strong team, check their about page. That always inspires confidence.
Wish they opened up in Morocco! :)
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:32:59
Yeah it's a bit tricky, perhaps Multibit may be excluded, it's not clear yet, Marc Santori (bitcoin lawyer) said for example that "even local wallet software providers probably need one". It's likely that blockchain.info will require one, even though it doesn't actually hold customer keys. And it looks like any multi-signature wallet also needs one, like greenaddress, which never holds enough keys (e.g. 2 of 3) to actually control your money independently in any way, shape or form.
That's how fucked this story really is. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:39:06
Floating fees, basically a market (competition) for fees. I think it's a great thing. Will it become cheaper? I think yes, over time. But right now, it'll become probably a bit more expensive. The reason is because block rewards are still high, and so there's not a big incentive to include transactions for their fees, thus there's not much 'demand' for tx rewards, which means that they have to go up in order to incentivize a miner.
But over time, as network speeds increase, the 'downsize' of including a transaction (slower block discovery = chance of missing out on block rewards) goes down because bandwidth improves. And secondly block rewards go down, so the incentive to include a tx will increase.
In short, it creates a true market which I think is a good thing. In a few years from now we need miners to compete for tx fees. And it's best to implement changes now as in 10 years it'll be very difficult to change bitcoin, as it'll be harder to reach consensus when there are many large conflicting parties and a lot is at stake.
@_date: 2014-06-11 15:01:04
The ecosystem is getting really sophisticated
@_date: 2014-08-09 19:11:45
Yeah you can use the card numbers to make a fake card, or you use it in what's called a 'card not present' situation, e.g. online purchase.
@_date: 2014-08-10 14:24:32
Cool, let's support this! If anyone has an account, let him know :)
Could anyone also fix the post? It says Bitpay charges 0.99%, but they now have a 0% completely free plan available.
Also Bitpay and Coinbase tend to provide dedicated engineers to help with implementation. I don't know how big shipitto is, but there's no reason it has to be done manually.
Thanks guys nice work. 1 upvote
@_date: 2014-06-20 20:43:03
Again, you're being an idiot. Every single person? There's only 1 Coinbase app in the appstore and it was endorsed by Coinbase. So not only do they yes have the budget to send an email Apple about a copyright infringement, but they don't need to because they actually endorsed the app.
As for guilty, I don't know what you're babbling about. Fact is, it's silly for a company to let a third party use their trademark, for free, and endorse it. Imagine your bank let me create an app, put it on the appstore, using the bank's brand, and for the bank to then endorse it. That'd be ridiculous, it wouldn't happen.
@_date: 2014-05-08 16:21:49
@_date: 2014-05-18 14:28:04
For an average (index) price: bitcoinaverage.com, ain't no better imo. Very comprehensive, all major exchanges, and excludes a lot of fake volume.
For specific prices, go to the specific exchange. If you trade USD, go Bitstamp/BTC-E for example. If you trade Euro, go Kraken.com for example. Bitcoinwisdom.com has nice overviews for different exchanges.
@_date: 2014-04-06 11:44:33
That's a bit of a weird statement... if you mean that more transactions in a block doesn't require or more computing power to find that block... well, yes and no.
Finding the block doesn't require more computing power if the block is bigger. But storing, propagating and processing (e.g. validation) blocks and transactions of course does scale with transaction amounts. As I mentioned in my previous post though, hardware for storage, processing and networking is a lot cheaper than the hardware for hashing, so 10x more transactions doesn't require 10x more computing power (because a large chunk of computing power goes to hashing which is unaffected by block sizes), but it will require 10x more network speed and 10x more storage.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:35:07
If this is true I'm happy for the community as this means people can get their shit back as a criminal goes to jail.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:22:06
It's unlikely you can get it, but important sources usually can contractually agree to minor revision rights, at least on the quotes and the immediate context in which they are placed.
Let's not forget, articles will be written with or without you. I encourage bitcoin advocates to work with the media, not ignore them. 
I understand your choice though and I respect you for it. But perhaps there is a better middleground.
@_date: 2014-05-01 11:22:38
No I'm saying this should be handled by public notaries who will give the money back to the people who actually own it, and then get paid a typical salary of a public notary.
I mean sure, I'd love to take $10 million upfront and spend my days full-time for a few years to try to get people some money back and make an additional 10% on that, then spend the rest of my fucking life with TEN MILLION DOLLARS. But that's clearly insane, that's immoral, that's other people's money you're getting paid upfront, it's bullshit.
@_date: 2014-10-09 19:49:51
This is akin to what he said... FedEx CEO: I would not see why we at FedEx could not deliver emails for customers by printing them out and shipping them as a package through out service'.
Nobody would want to. Well, the idea of printing a mail and sending physical letter has some nostalgic value, it's perhaps a bit more personal. But nobody, and I mean nobody, will long for the 'good old days of SWIFT' and send bitcoin through their system for the hell of it.
If he's said, we can send money in fiat using bitcoin, that'd be interesting.
@_date: 2014-05-01 07:24:25
Thanks man :) Appreciate that a lot.
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:15:10
And wiki:
e.g.: 
There's other implementations in the works, too (e.g. bitcoinj (java))
@_date: 2014-12-21 21:18:50


Too many for what? 


Says who? I don't see anyone mass shorting bitcoin. Should be easy money if everyone's so certain.


Feel free to explain why.
I'd definitely say this though: the batshit crazy growth (1 penny to 1 dollar is crazy, that's 100x, then from 1 dollar to 100 dollar is the same thing, all within a few years, and then from that to $1k.) of multiple times 100x every two years or so, will not happen again. You might see another single 100x but it'd be more in the order of 10-20 years, not 2. In that sense history will not repeat itself.
But I was referring to history being a series of boom and bust cycles. That's very likely, and it's not unique to bitcoin, it can be perceived in just about any market.
@_date: 2014-04-19 00:56:16
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:14:58
That's not what this would be about. It would be about someone holding people's funds in his left pocket and then states a certain amount were stolen and a certain amount weren't. Upon checking the pocket, we find that those amounts do not match up at all, indicating the custodian of those funds was lying and may have stolen it himself. That means he can be held accountable. 
That's the gist of it. I'm not sure if it will hold up, time will tell.
@_date: 2014-08-09 16:30:01
Loading private keys onto the blockchain means they're not cold anymore... It's now a hot wallet.
If you just want to load up an address to check the amount of money on there, why not put them all in one wallet?
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:33:15
cool man
@_date: 2014-05-05 20:43:56
BashCo, thank you! I didn't know I was making even a small impact but I'm glad I can provide some of the little information I have :) Thanks for the tip, I'll be sure to pass it on!
@_date: 2014-06-07 10:31:30
A classic Louis CK that I thought would be funny to the Bitcoin community :) A little joke on this crazy little thing called minimum balance fees, one of the many 'hidden fees' in the banking system.
For more serious information on this, check out 'hidden banking fees'. Most bank accounts have 20-30 of them. For example, annual account fees, deposit fees, card activation fees, overdraft fees, minimum balance fees, balance inquiry fees, ATM withdrawal fees, monthly maintenance fees, and all that is just for really having an account, for example another fee, an inactivity fee, yes, you pay extra for not using the service. Not is there sometimes an account-opening fee (and related fees like card activation fees), account-closing fees also exist. All this doesn't even consider fees for taking on debt or making (international) transactions for example, or having to pay a fee for a check you received that bounced (without you knowing or being responsible.) Hell, some banks even charge you simply to move money internally, from a checkings to a savings account.
A recent documentary of essentially *unbanked* Americans which touches on some of the crazy banking fees, in particular re-ordering payments to maximize overdraft fees which to me is downright immoral: 
I hope this post makes people a bit more aware about how expensive our banking system really is, and how cheap bitcoin already is, and will be in a few years as costs continue to go down (on things like ATMs, exchanges, payment processing)
For example, a quick number, in the US overdraft fees alone are above $30 billion a year. Just consider the adult population and you can see how that's a large amount of money per person, for just a single fee type.
In fact, here is a source from the banking industry of what it costs for a bank to provide a checking account to a consumer, about $250-300
Of course the consumer must pay at least this amount + more for profit
Hope this provoked some thoughts for you :) Bitcoin being cheap is about more than just cheap transaction fees. It's open, it's software. It requires no vault or office or ATM, no dollar bill or plastic card, a smart contract for smart property requires no notary, a loan can be truly peer-to-peer. Bitcoin doesn't just offer cheaper tx fees, it offers a digital software solution that is systematically cheaper than brick &amp; mortar, vaults, trusted people, plastic or ATMs.
@_date: 2014-05-22 10:16:33
Great news!
@_date: 2014-04-14 20:14:15
Because Amazon won't know whether those Gyft cards were charged with credit, debit, Paypal or bitcoin, so bitcoin isn't 'voting with money'. As gift cards are not the solution to *all* payment systems I think it's important for merchants and businesses in general to see the use and benefits of bitcoin, which would be quantifiable if Amazon accepted bitcoin directly or through Bitpay/Coinbase. 
For example, Amazon had 0.36% profit margins in 2013. Say Overstock has the same margins. If Overstock does $25m bitcoin sales next year (it expects 10-15m this year) but doesn't pay 3% creditcard fees, these 25m sales generate as much profit the equivalent of more than 200m in creditcard-based sales. Now Overstock does 1.3b in annual sales, so 25m would be 2%, but it'd actually be 20% of profits. That's fucking gigantic for a year 1 impact. If overstock quantifies and tells the world about this, that's huge. If Overstock however had people buy $25m of product with Gyft cards, Gyft would discount 3% to its users and Overstock would see bitcoin become 2% of sales as if it was fiat. They wouldn't know whether those gyft cards were charged with bitcoin or paypal or creditcards.
Once you quantify these things and see the impact, bitcoin can e.g. start to be used for business-to-business payments. Amazon has a shitton of suppliers, if they agree to use bitcoin between eachother to reduce costs, that'd be huge. Gift cards don't even begin to play a role in this market. So it's important we try to use bitcoin directly to make merchants aware of bitcoin's opportunities beyond just that which gift cards can do. (although I applaud and love Gyft, too).
@_date: 2014-05-19 12:42:05
Look into the Quantity theory of money, that's a pretty good start to explain the value of money over the long run.
Generally it's a supply-demand mechanic. If you have $100 in the total economy and the participants want to do $10 trade a day, or $300 in trade monthly, then on a monthly basis each dollar in the economy has to be spent 3 times. If you then double the amount of trade, at the same velocity of money (how many times a dollar is spent in a given time period) of 3x per month, then the value of one dollar has to double in real terms to be able to support that trade system. 
That's sort of the mechanic, which at its core is a supply-demand mechanic. You have limited trade-tokens (currency, dollars, bitcoins, whatever) and you want to support a certain amount of trade in real terms (economics terminology here), then you need each individual token to carry a certain value.
Because there's hardly any trade in altcoins, there's hardly any inherent need for (= demand) scarce tokens of any altcoin. That's why most altcoin's value are purely derived from speculation and therefore tend to collapse in an hour or so once trust is lost in the altcoin's promise of utility.
But that doesn't mean they're worthless in the market. Look at Bitcoin, when there was no trade, or very little trade, it still held value because of its promise of future utility which would require the price to go up. And this is still true today. A $450 bitcoin isn't at all necessary to support its daily trade, it could be lower like $300. But there's a fair bit of speculation that the trade will tenfold or hundredfold once you get large adoption, at which point a bitcoin's fair value becomes $5k or $10k. That's why people hold bitcoins beyond their utility value.
The same is true for gold for example. It has industrial purposes, but it trades far beyond that value.
@_date: 2014-05-02 14:53:45
There's nothing to verify, it's not finished. If you want an idea of what they're trying to do and what you'll be pre-ordering simply check out:  There's plenty of information there.
If you're not comfortable pre-ordering (not sure if you can even pre-order this $15 card, or if you just leave your mail for when it's ready) then don't. I'm not doing it either, but that doesn't mean I'm asking if they're the next Neo &amp; Bee. 
I'm not saying they shouldn't give more information, I'd welcome it. I'm not saying they're 100% trustworthy, nobody is, even if they showed a demo of Obama using the Xapo card, it still doesn't prove anything. What I'm saying is that you can't ridiculously liken a company with Neo &amp; Bee just because they don't personally fly you over to their offices, demonstrate the card and give you one to use before you send them a, in the scheme of things pretty measly $15, to pre-order the card. That comparison is simply ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:18:00
MUCH too soon. Listen, a $5 Coffee costs 1 million satoshis. That's just ridiculous and confusing.
In all honesty, bitcoin has a LOT of usage as a stealth protocol. People don't need to know the underlying stuff. For example, when Apple talks about its new iPad it'll say it can store 50 thousand photos and 300 hours of video or whatever, not xyz megabytes of flash based storage, that's just confusing.
When you send a mail, Google doesn't tell you it used 30 kilobytes of your internet traffic. That's just confusing.
In the same way, a lot of bitcoin usage will probably be unknown. For example, use bitcoin with Gyft to pay at Amazon with bitcoin and get a 3% discount, no need to know anything about bitcoin. Or, an american puts $100 into an ATM while a friend withdraws the euro-equivalent from an ATM in France. No need to know anything about bitcoins or units.
For those that directly use bitcoin, I think they ought to understand units. If they can't wrap their heads around bitcoin units, I wouldn't trust them with setting up wallets, private keys, cold storage etc anyway.
Over time we'll probably find a solution especially as the market cap grows I think a milli or microbit makes a lot of sense.
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:56:46
If Bernie Maddoff asked me for advice on how to implement a 'cold storage' of his business funds (I know, cold storage fiat makes no sense), I'd be entirely unaware that he was a ponzi artist as much as the next guy and completely without guilt.
And if I was marketing for British Petroleum's cool new product (hypothetically), I'd also be completely unaware they didn't have the necessary security measures at all their oil rigs that caused one of the world's biggest oil spills ever.
So it's okay that you're asking these questions, as long as everyone knows this doesn't imply any form of guilt, and the most likely outcome is that he was as unaware of this fraud as much as N&amp;Bs many investors and numerous employees. The fact that he advised on a technical matter, or even a non-technical matter, or was involved in marketing, has no correlation with him knowing, hiding or participating knowlingly in N&amp;Bs fraud. 
And frankly, knowing how passionate he is about bitcoin, dedicated his career for the past half decade to it and works at one of the biggest bitcoin companies and wrote a book about bitcoin and speaks about bitcoin pretty much everyday, the notion of him supporting a fraud-venture masked as the first bitcoin bank ever, is ridiculous. So until you have evidence, I think it's clear all speculation points towards his innocence.
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:11:30
The key takeaways of this for me are:
* THE BITCOIN ARE FUCKING INSURED!?!?
* THE SERVICE COSTS 0.12% PER YEAR!?
That's it. Who cares about security of you're insured for all your bitcoins almost for free.
Add to that the 20 million in funding: 
* Money for actual security, even though it's not *our* direct concern
* One of the biggest bitcoin fundings ever, another big vote of confidence. Silicon Valley VC putting their money where their mouth is inspires confidence.
This is great news. Let's hope it checks out.
@_date: 2014-05-05 16:11:03


@_date: 2014-06-08 13:57:07
Yes, and it is a pretty trivial prediction. It was easy to know that if bitcoin succeeded, we'd see hardware specialize in the one task mining is, performing SHA-256.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:56:33
You guys are awesome :D
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:24:35
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:29:34
Can you work excel? You'll need to download daily price data and then do some basic excel on your transactions and prices.
@_date: 2014-05-09 22:34:31
Bobby Lee, awesome. He's an entrepreneur who works his fucking ass off and seemingly releases new products and adapts fucking every week in one of the most brutal environments one can think of. This guy puts his own shit on the line. He's a calm and eloquent public speaker. He's got a clean history and does right by his customers. This guy is gold.
Brock Pierce? He's an unknown factor for me. I looked into his 'sex with minors' thing though and it seems he wasn't involved at all, it was someone in his company. He was 18 at the time all this happened by the way, I'd be surprised if he didn't have sex with a minor. You know how many 17 year old girls love to fuck an 18 year old decent hollywood/dot-com star? Give me a break. That ain't pedophilia in any meaningful sense of the word, but again, he wasn't named. Apart from this, he's got a history in virtual goods which connects with bitcoin. But let's look at some numbers. Apparently his company in which he was CEO raised $100m. Later he founded another company with $500m of annual revenue at one point. In other words, a company he founded brought in more revenue than Coinbase, Bitpay, Blockchain.info and Gyft and Bitstamp together. You can talk shit all you want but he founded this fucking company. Now sure you can question the numbers, but even if they were 1/10th of what he claimed, he's by all means an experienced business person with a history in virtual/digital products and a record of a number of successful companies. Again he's a pretty unknown factor to me, but until I finish my reading I'm strongly leaning towards 'this is a great new addition to the team'. We'll see. 
Would love to learn, please feel free to comment with more information and sources.
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:20:33
Absolutely. I mean, if anyone actually takes a look at the numbers, we've seen bitcoin go from $30 to $2 years ago. At that time indeed, people pulled out this exact chart, unknowing to the fact it'd reach over $1000 a few years later. Looking back at those posts, and perhaps indeed this topic in some years, makes it all look terribly silly.
It's a cool chart to use as a conversation starter about a broader topic of hype cycles, but just throwing it out there and concluding 'this is the end' or 'this is exactly the price course the next few months' is just really naive.
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:10:19
Actual source here: 
It explicitly mentions derivatives on virtual money (like bitcoin.)
So again, derivatives. Not bitcoin itself. So we're talking about futures, swaps, options, forward, credit default swaps etc.
Almost nobody is doing this at the moment worldwide, and probably nobody in Belgium. So it doesn't have any effect at the moment. It doesn't at all talk about banning the purchase of virtual money itself, just derivatives.
It does mean that hedging contracts to remove exchange-rate risk for individuals isn't possible in Belgium.
It's a ban on commercialising such products to non-professional parties. So citizens. That means companies can still buy and sell derivatives on bitcoin.
That's it. Not a big deal. Please update the first page with this information, right now it looks like FUD but it's not.
@_date: 2014-02-20 10:23:02
Thanks! More are welcome if you come across any.
@_date: 2014-06-21 12:06:34
No, sorry. You need 1) massive storage and 2) a massive network. Mobile phones aren't known to do this well.
But it's also not a problem. There is absolutely no shortage of nodes currently. And if we look at the numbers, I'm not worried.
Moore's law shows a doubling every 18 months in processing power. But bandwidth and storage follow two other laws that are very similar to this rate.
In other words, if you double every 18 months for the next 20 years, the total growth is about 1000x. In other words, if bitcoin grows by 1000x in the next 20 years we can spend the same amount on hardware and networks as today (which is, not very much at all.)
@_date: 2014-06-22 21:09:07
This guy has been really impressive. 
He's had some clever investments (BitPay, Armory). 
He's got a precious metals background, mostly gold and appreciates bitcoin's money supply design. 
He's got an accounting background and appreciates the possibility for triple-entry accounting which is a very interesting prospect.
Generally he makes a lot of sense and he's quite well connected, regularly having dinners with high ranking people like C-level or VP level employees at financial institutions. It's great to have someone champion bitcoin in those inner circles.
And lastly he does seem to lean towards ownership of private keys. So even though he's sort of a big-business type of guy, he's more inclined to invest in an Armory wallet (personal ownership of keys) than e.g. a Coinbase wallet (centralized custody of keys). That's interesting. I'm not against either if managed correctly, but it's nice to see a business person skeptical of custodial parties.
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:28:35


Of course it matters. 25 moons or 250 moons, to use your words, is a massive difference.
If you think I'm saying you'll become a millionaire owning x bitcoins, and that the difference between having 1 million or 10 million isn't big, then sure. 
But realistically, I don't think bitcoin will see 1000x growth for decades (20-30y+) if it's even around then. In my opinion we'll very likely see 10x happen within 3 years, and we might see 50x happen within a decade.
According to these guestimates (nothing more, nothing less, let's be honest here), buyomg 25 bitcoins for say $8k gets you up to $400k within 10 years, as opposed to putting in $80k for 250 coins and seeing it grow to $4m. 
That's a massive difference not just in absolute terms, but also in terms of impact on your life. (more so than say, the difference between owning 10 or 100 billion dollars which I'd guess make no difference whatsoever).
But no, it's not like you can buy 25 bitcoin and never work again and therefore it's the same thing as buying 250, you're filthy rich anyway. That's pretty delusional in my opinion but I hope I'm proven wrong I guess. 'moon' for me would be seeing a $1k investment go to $10k or $30k. That'd be an absolutely spectacular return on par with some of the best financial success stories, but at 10x or 30x the difference between 25 bitcoin or 250 bitcoin is gigantic. Don't see how one could say it's no different unless they believe a single bitcoin will be worth a million bucks in the near future which is ridiculous.
Hope that clears up my post!
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:16:25
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:04:21
* At some point, BTC-E is going to be blatantly illegal if it isn't de facto illegal already. No government in the world allows a lack of KYC/AML and there is a 100% chance they will enforce this more strictly on bitcoin companies going forward. 
* BTC-E cannot be held accountable in any way, the owners / management are not even known, their history/reputation, name or even jurisdiction. Imagine a world in which nobody could be arrested due to being unknown. I hope you're scared.
* BTC-E have an incentive to steal before they get shut down. Take 0.2%, run a complex service, risk legal issues, risk hacking. Or, take 100% of funds and disappear. 
* BTC-E hasn't even got a bank account. They take funds into a third-party's company account, an account in the czech republic who then use a virtual currency OKPAY registered in the british isles to fund the exchange. 
This thing is shady as hell and we don't need it. Look, I'd be happy to see exchanges pop up in 5 years from now, analogous to the pirate bay. But right now, an exchange doing 30% of volume dying/shutdown/disappearing after Mt. Gox just died, makes bitcoin shady as hell. It's not like BTC-E is providing much better service than anyone else.
If anything, *at least* use it to obtain or liquidize coins, but don't use it as a wallet and don't use it to day-trade. Get your funds out of there asap or never use it at all, and maybe, maybe, BTC-E and other exchanges will get the picture: do things properly or you get boycotted.
@_date: 2014-10-02 10:58:28
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:10:43
Not really. Again if you choose 10 random words from a list of 200k english words you have an extremely secure password. If you let people guess 1 billion passwords every second for trillions of years, they will not find it. So if they'd try from a list of unknown or known words doesn't really matter in practice.
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:26:30
Because I think everyone at least once in their lives has had a story of having to do something an old fashioned way and realized how out of date it really was. And this is a reminder of that.
For example, when I was studying abroad for half a year in Canada, my Dutch phone didn't work. (it works everywhere in Europe, it worked in Africa and China where I'd been just prior). Then, as I was in Montreal, my bank introduced a new function on its debit cards and sent me a replacement to my home address back home and my old card was deactivated. So I couldn't get any money from the ATM and as I was new in Montreal, didn't have intimate friends who'd front me $1000 to pay for a month's rent, food, insurance, metrocard etc. My landlord was great else I'd have been on the street.
I could've used my online bank to wire money to someone in Montreal who could give it to me in cash, but my phone didn't work. Changing my phone 2FA required me to visit a bank 5000 miles away. 
I had to wait a month for my mom to send me my new card which was delayed by customs because she put some traditional food in the package, as a reminder of home, and that wasn't allowed.
In short, I lived on the credit of people who were nearly strangers to me yet decided to trust me.
Everyone has stories like this. Stories of getting their card blocked and having to visit the bank, but it's closed for the weekend, and the bank holiday after, and then when they can get in, they're told the card will be processed and sent to them within a few days. I had this in China when an ATM swallowed my card and the bank to which it was attached was closed. For anyone living in 2050, our system will look and sound ridiculous, in the same way that it's ridiculous to have to wait two weeks to send someone transatlantic messages today. 
That's why it's funny. It's not misleading, most banks in the world have just such opening hours while a distributed digital payment system is online 24/7. If you take it as a joke, reminiscent of ancient systems, and see brick &amp; mortar banks as a contender to join that list of ancient systems sometime in the future, it's a fun chart.
@_date: 2014-12-20 02:56:23
Agreed, whatever he says doesn't really matter as he can't speak freely. But if you read the documentation though there is a lot of evidence he did do the things he was ultimately charged for.
All of that was at least extremely reckless, and likely could be called as stupid or naive at worst. Just read some of the email conversations back and forth between him and his colleagues and some of his clients where it shows he was aware of existing laws, advised how to circumvent them and lied about having done reporting conforming regulations that he didn't do, while that was one of his key responsibilities in the company.
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:42:05
I think he's more concerned with not spending life in jail than spending life in jail with unforfeited coins :p But I agree with your point.
@_date: 2014-05-12 11:08:03
How is dubai cool???
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:53:15
You're absolutely right. I've heard the snoop-dog album example so many times in relation to 7 TPS that in my mind he was talking about that, rather than the confirmation time of blocks. Apologies.
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:44:21
Well, they did 20 blocks today, about a quarter million dollars in revenue, and they do something peculiar (limit transactions to certain numbers) that's also slowing down the network. Oh, and they've been doing this at least since two weeks ago when it was reported first.
I'm concerned. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:07:55
I'd be happy to learn, I don't know of any much less any reasons for them to be better. Please elaborate if you really think so
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:32:14
A few things
1) Time value of money. Actually pretty insignificant compared to mining revenue.
2) Financing. Building hardware may require a factory, custom molds being made etc, ranging anywhere from $50k to millions. A self-funding miner is very difficult. 
2) is the key point. IF a party *has* ASICS, then it would be more profitable to use them than to sell them. (unless he's peddling crap.) The point is that a manufacturer CAN'T get ASICS unless they sell them because of large investment costs in the first place.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:08:49
This is really great security for regular users.
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:54:01
Well a couple things.
First, it's really cool to see digital forms of fiat currencies (like the dollar, euro, yen) without the company and customers needing a banking relationship with one another (like how Paypal needs you to link your bank and/or creditcard). It's a digitally native experience to the currencies we're familiar with. Of course you need to obtain bitcoins first to use their service, but that's a different part of the ecosystem that's rapidly improving that bitreserve isn't really concerned with.
And secondly, you can move around money effortlessly, indeed internationally, quickly, and for free, but without volatility risk. That's really cool. It means someone can keep money in bitcoins on Bitreserve and not have to worry it might lose 30% of its value like we saw early 2014, and then send that to Bitpesa whenever they want and see their brother or sister receive money on their phone shortly after in Mpesa in Kenya, for example. It means you can now pay a merchant in bitcoin, or indeed as e.g. a freelancer like myself, receive money in bitcoin from people across the world cheaply and quickly, yet not have to worry about getting rid of it because of volatility risk. It allows you to keep stable savings in bitcoin. 
Anyway, this service isn't for everyone. I guess a lot of 'us' are interested partially (or perhaps even mostly, for some) in bitcoin for exposure to potential value appreciation. But I think there are a few billion other people who're not interested in investing, but who can benefit from bitcoin as a payment system, yet can't afford volatility risk in the short term. For them, Bitreserve is a potential solution.
We'll see, excited to see this launch :)
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:44:12
bitaddress.org -&gt; paper wallet. Print them out.
Then direct them to android wallets or blockchain.info or if they're not savvy to Coinbase (and soon Circle at no fees). Show them how to take the paper wallet (sort of a gift card) and deposit it in an easily usable wallet like Coinbase. Then show them how they can e.g. order pizza. 
Depends on where you are. I can literally order from a few hundred restaurants through a website (sort of takeaway.com, online takeaway platform that restaurants join) and get stuff delivered with bitcoin, for example. (the Netherlands)
Another cool idea is changetip. I've been tipped about $10 in the last two months for posts people appreciated. It's pretty cool. You can tip (essentially send money which you can buy pizza with, for example) through twitter for example. They only need to go to the changetip website and login with their twitter securely to access the money. Blockchain.info allows you to send money to facebook friends. There's lots of ideas.
So yeah, either paper wallets or sending btc through twitter/facebook/email/sms, let them set up with Coinbase at first, keep it simple. Use the desktop app or android wallet to do something real like order food. And that's it :) If they like it, instruct them how to buy e.g. $100 through Coinbase or an ATM or an exchange if they're really into it, or through you.
@_date: 2014-09-13 20:24:03
I'd really suggest a course in public key cryptography! There are many, many videos available on youtube, but also university courses on it at coursera
* 
* 
There's also a series on bitcoin at the Khan Academy 
* 
I'm just linking these instead of directly answering your question, as these aren't super easy and intuitive things to explain. It's an interesting discussion for sure, but for an analogy on a car forum, when someone starts asking about how the physics work of torque or how the center of gravity and how that affects a car's ability to take a corner, a physics course will do you ten times more good than some guy on a car forum! :D Cryptography extends far far beyond bitcoin and has been a field of study for many decades, the first being during the WWII as a way to securely send messages, as well as spy on the enemy and break encryptions, but the practice itself extends back to 3900 years ago (that we know of). I can definitely recommend a proper course on it.
Bitcoin uses elliptic curve cryptography (by the way, there is zero **en**cryption in bitcoin, it uses cryptography for digital signatures, but no encryption is done at all) so I recommend checking that out specifically. You can find lots of documentation on the specifics of the protocol (like how transactions are formed) here: 
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:52:51
You have to consider that we can't get anywhere without pulling through with ideas until they fail. Failure is okay, and after something fails, you can iterate on it or do something completely different and experiment. But once you decide on an idea, you have to pursue it. You can't just completely change ideas every few months because there's an experimental new unproven idea. 
So far, bitcoin still is an extremely promising idea, a notion shared by a few quite legendary industry veterans, a concept worked on by thousands of individuals, with millions of users. To focus on it is only natural and logical.
That doesn't mean we should disregard every other idea, not at all. But to focus on bitcoin I think, makes a lot of sense. If other ideas become significantly better, the focus will shift. Bitcoin is an example of that, a project put into the world by a single person, mostly ignored for the first two years, struggled for attention for the next two years, but eventually good ideas find its way to the spotlights. And to say that there is a community for only bitcoin, besides communities for e.g. only litecoin, or only digital coins, or only finance, is also something we should respect. There are many places to discuss non-bitcoin topics, but this place is dedicated to bitcoin, not anything else.
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:37:35
41% already allows some '51%' attacks. Wake up. Also, it's a lot easier to collude when you need only a small extra power to gain 51%. 
41% is WAY too much for one party to have, it's bullshit, it's not decentralized, it's not what we strive for with bitcoin, it's worse than any central bank. The world has tens of central banks each with numerous people and often linked to in some form to e.g. congress and a constitution. Bitcoin is far less decentralized to many central banks it's sad to say. 
Why the fuck are you happy with 41% and feel comfortable with such an insane number is beyond me.
I'd start getting sort of comfortable if any one pool is under 16% so that it takes 4 or more parties to collude. Anything less is not good enough for me.
@_date: 2014-10-01 22:08:23
Sounds like he's full of shit :P He probably believes in the silly 'running a spread' story, which has not only been explicitly denied by Circle, but would also be really stupid business practice that'd lose them a lot of money.
@_date: 2014-07-15 16:05:44


Do you have any source for that?


Or that? I've got no clue how I'd be able to find that information myself.
I do know this. Bitpay announced recently they do about $1m in bitcoin sales processing per day. Coinbase has a slightly lower valuation, roughly the same amount of employees (more fulltimes at BitPay), but Bitpay focuses only on merchants. So I think it's safe to say, Coinbase also does roughly $1m but definitely not much more, in merchant sales processing.
To put that in context, exchange volume was about $10m today. So even if traders buy all of Coinbase Merchants' bitcoin sales, that still leaves quite a bit of coin unaccounted for. And given Coinbase charges a 1% fee, as opposed to most exchanges (~0.2% fee usually), I doubt profit-hungry or arbitrage-traders or low-margin day-traders would buy through Coinbase just to trade it on an exchange. Especially consider day-trading is of course a zero-sum game, so paying relatively high fees to trade on low margins isn't the most sensible thing to expect.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:15:23
Please do!
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:25:10
There's two ways to calculate it.
1) is the cost of hardware if you'd just buy it outright. e.g. if you'd build a big bomb to blow things up what would it cost.
2) is the cost of hardware + opportunity cost. That's more realistic. It means that, if someone spent $1m on mining hardware, if he attacks the system and bitcoin becomes worthless then his mining hardware becomes worthless too and he forgoes future income.
You can calculate this latter one more elegantly by simply looking at the total mining rewards. Theoretically miners will invest up to this amount to gain those rewards. As such, getting half of this amount would be the required investment to gain a 51% power.
The more comprehensive latter calculation is here:
@_date: 2014-05-06 16:51:49
Oh by the way, don't want to bring family in to this, he made this public... But he named is kid Apple, I'm not kidding, he posted this himself.
I couldn't actually find any credentials though that would allow him to make such huge claims with no supporting information, analysis, data, analogies or anything really.
@_date: 2014-07-05 14:01:53
Bitpay or Coinbase.
Can't imagine they don't have magento. If they don't, they'll build it for you of that I'm sure. like 90% of their merchant engineering work is integrating their bitcoin platform into existing ecommerce platforms right now.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:30:14
Why is this being downvoted? Multisig always creates an opportunity for extortion. This doesn't mean there is certainty it will happen, but the opportunity is there.
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:15:21
Yup there's a good chance the first one will fail. The tx will sit in the pool but at some point it will expire and it'll sort of disappear.
That means that when you haven't had a confirmation yet, it's just that, you haven't been confirmed to have received the money. As such, always wait for 1 confirmation at minimum, doesn't matter if the tx is sent with or without fees.
So in short, if you sell someone a car for bitcoin, don't let him drive off until you get a confirmation (or a few) :)
By the way not all tx need a fee to go through, bit of a technical story though I'd just ignore it and always attach a fee.
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:05:42
Try it with $1 first. Try it 10 times. Hell there's even a bitcoin testnet where you can experiment all you like with fake money. :)
@_date: 2014-04-13 12:40:50
Because I don't have a magic ball to predict what I will read next? I was hoping there'd be some piece of interesting information, it's pretty rare to hear from someone from China on bitcoin so I was hoping for something more.
As for hundreds of books or being an expert, hardly. I've studied briefly in China, read a number of books and learned some basic Chinese, nothing impressive. But Sinocentrism is one of the key things you hear all the time about China if you read any books on Chinese's historic and cultural views.
There'll surely be people who get new information from this, but I don't speak for others, I'm an individual speaking for myself.
@_date: 2014-05-29 22:50:58
Dayum! :D Awesome work buddy, respect!
@_date: 2014-06-05 23:56:44
This! Yes, this my fellow Americ... wait... I'm not American, and neither is everyone else on reddit or the world... *sigh*
@_date: 2014-04-14 20:00:32
Thing is, imagine if you couldn't actually spend the dollar at any merchant. Not for rent, food, utilities, clothing, entertainment, transportation. The dollar would probably be pretty worthless and it probably wouldn't hold much liquidity, be a lot more volatile. It probably wouldn't be suitable for remittance or savings or as actual, you know, money. 
That's kind of the thing with bitcoin. Sure you can securely hold it without a bank, but without merchants to spend it at, it probably doesn't hold much long-term value. (And a lot of its current value is from speculation that there will be merchants adopting it en masse at some point, so speculation is for many people quite linked to merchant adoption.)
Anyway I get what you're saying but, I don't really see begging or pushing. I see an extremely enthusiastic, excited community, hoping merchants will see the benefits and join them. As long as we keep communicating that e.g. if Amazon doesn't take bitcoin for years, that bitcoin is still okay, I think it's fine to try and push merchant adoption. It's probably partly why Coinbase and Bitpay each have 30k merchants or so, and why there are something like 4k physical merchants accepting bitcoin. It's a real grassroots type of effort, a core characteristic of bitcoin's emergent philosophy which I think is fascinating. Your topic is part of that whole grassroots movement.
Thanks for your thoughts :)
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:56:43
They never offered it for free. They thought they could offer a free product at $15 setup costs that couldn't do ATM withdrawals but could do free payments. 
The $15 setup costs are exactly the same, only now Xapo pays for them for pre-orders (nice!). The free payments are still exactly the same. The ATM withdrawal is now actually possible instead of impossible as said before. The big difference is the monthly fee which sucks.
They posted it themselves on reddit as well as on their website for people who ordered or will order. Not really sneaky. And then they paid for the $15 setup fees. So nobody is forced to use it, they didn't scam anyone, they communicated the fee change before anyone started using it, and for those who still want it, they've offered a $15 discount effectively. If people don't like the fee, they could cancel after 3 months and they'd have paid exactly as much as the original offer due to the Xapo discount on the fee for the pre-orders.
I think they were sloppy in their communication and overpromising is a big problem for all bitcoin companies somehow, something to be much more cautious about. 
And it IS a problem, I'm not saying it is. But the type of response is not proportionate. I've literally heard people say it's worse than Mt. Gox (who lost 500 MILLION dollars of people's money). That's just baffling to me.
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:28:16


Haha really? Love the wallet by the way, great job :) The web wallet lags a bit on my 4 year old iphone though haha, hope you'll find time to do an iOS one at some point. Wrapping HTML5 webapps can get really great performance nowadays as native apps, there's a few things to use like phonegap that work quite well. 
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:42:54
Sure but, Cordova is essentially wrapped web technology with some bridges to native functionality via plugins, and you can install apk files right from the browser too if you'd wanted to. So if you want an open platform, you could just use the web.
My point is that when you build the app, you probably build it because your customers are in the app store and you want exposure and discovery there. F-Droid doesn't solve that problem.  So while it's cool that it's there and while I can recommend publishers to use it, I don't realistically think it makes a practical difference for any business. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:23:46
YES. That happens ALL the time with Paypal. Some do try to take it to court, but that's not simple and often not cost-effective either. 
And no there are not that many third-party systems with fiat online. What is an alternative to Paypal? There aren't that many that are useable. 
There might be some with say 1m customers, but you can't ask your client to become a customer, link their bank account, verify their account, deposit money etc just to send you money, if everyone uses Paypal. Paypal is the big thing. It's like asking a customer to send you a fax instead of email, yes it's possible but nobody will do it anymore. (silly example but I hope you get my point. Just because there are alternatives doesn't mean we can expect everyone to use them)
The cool thing about bitcoin is that none of this is necessary. If you have bitcoin money you can just send it. You don't need to link your bank with Paypal or register and go through all kinds of steps or whatever. If bitcoin takes off, many of those problems are solved. We're not there yet but that's the goal.
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:09:04
I hope you agree then that they're not a shill, at the least.
Now you call them a lobbyist which frankly, I don't necessarily disagree with. But I still fail to see how they're not helping bitcoin. You realize that when the hearings on bitcoin occured, it was people like her that got favourable perspectives on bitcoin. The fact that companies like Coinbase exist and can have banking partners is because governments, states and banks have all been educated about the potential of bitcoin. In 2009, 2010 or 2011 they'd laugh, ignore, ridicule or fight you. Today, they build teams to shape legislation to provide clarity and they're asking bitcoin companies to help them with this.
Don't forget, regulation will happen whether you like it or not, whether people lobby or not. It's better to be involved than not. This isn't some kind of process you can boycott and ignore.
As always, the bitcoin foundation is no official entity. You can make your own and lobby yourself, in fact if you'd want to could make an organisation that lobbies against the Bitcoun Foundations' lobbying. Or you can become a member and vote on their policies, their message and the people they elect.
@_date: 2014-04-30 13:17:10
They should really use an average index price API (e.g. Coindesk's bitcoin price, winklevoss bitcoin index, bitcoin average price) or make their own. Quoting just Kraken or Coinbase? Kraken is pretty much 99% euro denominated, they don't really do USD anymore at the moment. And Coinbase isn't an exchange, it's a brokerage service for relatively small amounts of liquidity for any one client, they source from actual exchanges like bitstamp and take (in finance) huge cut of 1%. Quoting their price, which is only limited to one country and isn't an exchange price, but leave out the world's biggest exchange that operates globally, is a bit silly.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:43:37
Sweet :)
@_date: 2014-07-13 21:57:19
So, imagine a 4-digit pincode password. You know the 1234s, or the 1990s or whatever combination of 4 digits, where each digit is a 0-9 number. A lot of people use their birthday, so if you check digits 1950 to 1990, you usually tend to get a ton of hits. So these aren't very secure, after all you only need to try 40 or so passwords and you probably have a 10% chance of finding a correct one, because people use their birthday very often. For a computer that can try billions of passwords a second, that's easy to crack.
But imagine it was a random number. Now you have an equal distribution of each possible sequence of 4 digits of 0-9. So the number 1234 or 0000 or 1980 is equally likely to occur as something less meaningful as 8103 for example. How many passwords are possible? Well, 4 digits, each digit can be 10 numbers (0-9), so 4^10 = 10k. So 10 thousand passwords. For a human typing in 1 password every 10 seconds, this would take 30 hours or so. But if you make it 6 digits, then that's 4^6 = 1 million possible passwords, 100x larger. Now it'd take a human 3000 hours to try them all. On average you find the right password after trying 50% of all passwords, those are the odds, so it'd take about 1500 hours.
So as you can see, bigger random passwords are harder to crack. But there's a clear difference between a 4 digit password of numbers (0-9 = 10 numbers) or of the alphabet (e.g. abcd) because the alphabet has 26 numbers. So a 4 digit alphabetical password is 26^4 = roughly half a million. A lot more than the 10k that 4 digit numerical pincode could produce. An alphanumerical (upper + lowercase) password has 66 different characters, so a 4 digit alphanumerical password can have 66^4 = 19 million different passwords. Already, for a human typing in passwords all day, this would take many many years to find the right password.
So we can see that there is a difference between if you use a numerical, alphabet or alphanumerical password of the same amount of digits (e.g. 4 of em). So how to compare it easily? Well, we use bits. A bit can be either 0 or 1, so two values. Two bits means you can make 4 values. 00, 11, 01 or 10. So you can say that 00 is a, 01 is b, 10 is c and 11 is d. So it doesn't matter if your password exists out of a 4-letter alphabet or a list of 4 numbers to choose from, each can be represented with 2 bits. 8 bits = 2^8 = 256 different values. 2^9 = 512 different values, 10 bits = 2^10 = 1024 different values. Using bits is an easy comparison, it's the smallest value, and then to take an exponent of that per digit you add gives you the amount of possible values. It's a good way to measure entropy or password strength. For example, 10 numbers (0-9) can fit within 4 bits (2^4 = 16 values) and the alphabet (26 characters) can fit into 5 bits (2^5 = 32). 
So if we know that a 2^10 = 1024 for example, then we also know that 2^20 = 1024*1024 = about a million. So you can imagine that for every 20 in the exponent, we can multiply by a million. So 2^80 = a million times a million times a million times a million. It's actually a little more (as 1024*1024 isn't exactly a million). But that's a huge number. In other words it's 10 billion billion billion, or a 1 with 28 zeros, or 10 octillion or 10000000000000000000000000000.
What is that number? The amount of possible sequences. Remember that 1 bit has two values, 0 or 1. Two bits can be 00, 11, 01, 10, so 4 different values. The 'formula' for this is 2^1 = 2 (for 1 bit) and 2^2 = 4 (for 2 bits). So 80 bits, 2^80, means you can have 10000000000000000000000000000 different values. Each value is a potential password, like 01101000101001010010100100101010101010101001010101010101010010. Because there are so many different values, the chance that someone will randomly get the same number (e.g. by flipping 80 coins) is 1 in 10000000000000000000000000000. In other words, if you tried guessing 1 million possible sequences per second it would take you on average 19167393131 years (19 billion years, longer than the universe has existed) to find the same password.
That's what security means. Again, if you can only have 1 digit as your password, so your password would be something like 5, or 9, or 2, then it'd take 10 tries to try all passwords and on average you'd get the password after 5 tries. But with a lot of possible passwords, it can take a very long time. That's what 2^80 means. I personally recommend 2^100, which is roughly 1 million times harder to break than a 2^80 random password. (so it would take 1 million times 19 billion years, in the above example).
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:27:04
Guys, BIT has had steady investments for a long time. They were at 96k bitcoin a week ago before the China news was confirmed.
In fact, they've steadily invested for the past 6 months incrementally at the same pace with no real large buys.
In other words, the notion that they're somehow involved in the China news is highly unlikely.
@_date: 2014-09-13 15:23:34
An order of magnitude better is a pretty sick benchmark haha. But I'd definitely say that they're less expensive, quicker and easier than Coinbase, perhaps not by an order of magnitude (10x), but that's besides the point.
Fact is, a lot of first time buyers at Coinbase spend a few days waiting for their bank transaction to clear, for their account to be verified, then pay 1% in an interface that already, despite being pretty sweet, isn't as simple as that of Circle, who offers instant and free purchases and a telephone service for anyone who has problems.
It's a game changer. The big difference is that Coinbase has 1.6m wallets and Circle is in closed beta with problably no more than 25k at this point.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out that if Circle had 1m users who called the company once a year on average, and make 1 bitcoin transaction a week and 6 buys a year, that it's expensive. That means on workdays you get almost 4k phone calls a day, say a call takes 5 minutes, that means 300 hours per day of employees manning the phone at $15 an hour, is $1m a year in costs. It means you process 50m bitcoin transactions (average fee at 10c) per year at $5m, and it means you process 6m buys, with ACH transactions costing 25c that's 1.5m a year. In other words, you need to generate an average revenue per user (ARPU) of about $7.5 per year to break even on some of the basic services they offer. 
Now the ARPU for google is close to $30, but Facebook is close to $3 or so, Paypal sits at about $35. Circle of course has no revenue, but it's small, so it can do this. Coinbase with 1.6m wallets would be out over $10m each year if they did the same, so of course they're not as good. That's why they have a 1% fee. If an average user buys $1k of bitcoin, that's their $10 ARPU right there to cover a lot of their operations. And the 1% is both for buying and selling, combined with their merchant services, they can be profitable and grow quick. But it does mean they can't be as good as Circle who are offering a slick, free and instant service unseen anywhere else.
Of course Circle is looking to do innovative stuff. Over time, big complaints get worked out and a support center develops to the extent that phonecalls become less needed, shorter and less common. Over time the protocol will provide ways to push costs down, and various alternative blockchain-based payment channels will reduce fees. Over time the amount of buys will likely become bigger and less frequent and more peer-to-peer, reducing banking fees. So Circle has a very good chance of building this free/instant service out to millions of users without going bankrupt. But for now, Circle is a much better product because it is working at a small scale, something Coinbase can't afford to do.
@_date: 2014-05-29 22:45:38
Price is very important for a number of reasons.
First of all, price may be one of the little data we have that actually closely follows adoption/sentiment. We have lots of charts which don't really say anything. For example, a chart showing wallets created is meaningless if everyone creates multiple wallets, checks them out, then stops using them. (e.g. I have 1 semi-active wallet and 6 inactive wallets). A chart showing addresses or even transactions is meaningless because one bot coded a certain way doing tiny trades can create tons of addresses/transactions, while when Coinbase does a single batched settlement transaction of thousands of off-chain transactions, it looks like it's nothing. When you hear 1000 merchants accepted bitcoin this week, but don't hear if they sold more than 1 product with bitcoin per month, it's a meaningless number.
But price, price actually does follow adoption and sentiment. If there's lots of users, lots of interest, wallets being used, the price does tend to go up.
Which makes sense, because believers in bitcoin who use it tend to buy some and them when using it, buy some back. Also, there's what is called the quantity theory of money, which essentially dictates that when daily trade goes up the price of each token must also go up if the amount of tokens doesn't go up (essentially the mechanics behind inflation/deflation) given a constant velocity of money. 
So while price definitely is partly speculation (which in a sense is adoption, too), the long-term price trends I think pretty closely follow usage, which is why the price didn't explode after $1160 anymore but balanced back.
Secondly, a high price is extremely important for increased adoption, reduced volatility and increased legitimacy. On the first point, adoption, this is because a company like Amazon can hardly move in to bitcoin. They have $75b in annual revenues, adding a payment option of a currency that has only $6b in value doesn't make much sense. Similar for banks or institutional investors, they need liqiduity and won't move in to the market until it's a larger market. (bit of a chicken-egg problem). On the second point of volatility, it's easy to imagine that a total market cap of $100 is very volatile, if you spend $500 on buying bitcoin the price moves by hundreds of percent in a single hour. But a market cap of $100 billion is less easily swayed, manipulated or moved. A bigger market cap also means there's more money to be made on financial products like derivatives which allow companies to hedge against risks, which reduces volatility, and it means we see more institutional investment who have less risk exposure, and thus are less prone to panic selling, again reducing volatility. (example, if you have $50k of your pension money in bitcoin and you hear China FUD, you panic sell else your life is doomed. But a professional trader or large family fund can look at a more long-term view, and these traders want a bigger market cap before they move in). And lastly, legitimacy, I think this one is clear. Nobody takes a $10m thing seriously, but a $500 billion dollar asset, that creates legitimacy, which acts as a magnet for adoption, for media attention, and for the big fish to consider integrating bitcoin seriously. (in the same way that in the late 90s all the fortune 500 suddenly started to develop an 'internet strategy')
Thirdly, there's this notion of network security and general ecosystem investments. A higher price means higher rewards which means more hashing power, and so a 51% attack from someone interested in destroying bitcoin just becomes more expensive. And a higher bitcoin price generally also means that early adopters can invest money, people like Roger Ver helped fund a lot of the early ecosystem purely because of the fact their bitcoin holdings were worth enough to do so.
So yes, I fully understand this notion that the price isn't the most important thing, that bitcoin is so much more than its price level, but price really is very important, it's a great metric, a great incentive for investment, a great accelerator of adoption, a great source of reputation, a reducer of volatility, a source of media attention, the source of network security etc etc.
So, yes I'm always hugely excited about price levels going up, even though I hate bubbles and rather see a constant rise, and even though I'm mostly interested in the technology and ecosystem rather than an investment opportunity.
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:40:04
Nope. The reason it doesn't work is because it's YOUR checking account and banks don't have APIs to allow third parties to access your account.
So it's impossible for me to build a service where the bank is in your name, but I can take your money and send you bitcoin.
Of course, you can build a service where YOU wire me money, and that's called an exchange :P For example, do an ACH transaction to Coinbase and they'll turn it into bitcoin for you. You can even set up automated transactions so that, on payday, you e.g. send $500 to Coinbase. So you can automate this by creating automated transactions, but it's not automatic in that any money landing in the account is turned into bitcoin.
But a few companies like Bitpay are working on an even easier payroll service though. The employer basically gets an easy software system where they can fill in for every employee their name and account number as usual. But if an employee requests it, they can add say 20% + Bitpay account number, too. The software will then send 80% of the payment to the regular checking acc, and 20% to Bitpay's account (with the user acc number attached), and Bitpay will then send equivalent bitcoin to the user's wallet.
So, partially possible and partially in the works. :)
Of course, some companies like blockchain.info employ at least a dozen people and pay 100% bitcoin. They have no bank acc at all for anything.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:44:25
Haha this is gold
@_date: 2014-06-07 22:20:14
Yeah I'm a bit concerned. There's this idea that a 51% attack wouldn't happen as it'd destroy the network and they would be kicked out. But it's not like solving a block links your identity to that block. If sufficiently distributed (yet under control of one party), there's no way to prove who is to blame, who to kick out, which transactions were correct. All we can do is trust the longest chain and hope the chain isn't built-up of blocks found by majority of one party under different IP addresses.
It's pretty concerning to me. Not in the 'ecosystem dies' type of way, but rather that a double-spend snuck in here or there can compromise the system without it collapsing right away. 
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:44:28
@_date: 2014-05-18 21:02:59
Build a very simple html5 wallet web-app. One that has a button 'deposit bitcoins'. 
Then give people bitcoin-vouchers of say 50 cents in the form of a QR code of a private-key.
They open the app and press the button. They take a picture of the QR code, and the bitcoin appear in their wallet.
Then ask all 512 people to stand up and pair with someone else with their hands up. One of each of the two people in the pair presses a button 'Send bitcoins', the other holds up their phone showing their public address QR code. They then send eachother bitcoin.
The people that have bitcoins hold stay standing, the ones that sent the bitcoin sit down.
You keep doing this. You go from 512 to 256, 128, 64, 32, 16, 8, 4, 2 people. This should be pretty fast.
When you're done, you put up the QR code of Sean's Outpost on the screen and tell that last person to send the bitcoins to this code.
Meanwhile, on the screen you show the stats. You show that you just made hundreds of transactions without any intermediary, digitally, with little cost.
That might be interesting. Confirmation times would be tricky though as well as some other things like microtransactions. 
Perhaps a more interesting thing is to set up a bitcoin ATM. Put 20 dollars in, then order a pizza with bitcoin on the projector. If the presentation is 60 minutes, you'll have the delivery man come in and give you food for this 'magic internet money' that you just obtained.
@_date: 2014-02-27 09:01:25
@_date: 2014-05-12 06:55:30
He was released without charges. He wasn't just released and went innocent, he wasn't charged. He then went back to the US and hasn't been charged with any charges either.
Look I don't want this guy on the board. He may run companies, that's fine, bitcoin companies, that's great. But you can't do PR for something struggling with illicit perceptions when you've got illicit associations, even if you're innocent.
@_date: 2014-04-01 23:45:14
yeah, courts biiitch
@_date: 2014-06-30 21:41:59
Well look let's be clear. SecondMarket has $70m worth of bitcoin. They bought this gradually over the past year or so. This is a fund that brokers multi-billion dollar sums annually. It's a NYC, Manhatten based fund with hundreds of millions in valuation.
They've got more than 100 qualified employees. Get the picture yet? They're not going to put out a joke bid of $10 for an asset worth $650 on the market. An asset that has an annual exchange liquidity of about $10 billion dollars or so (enough liquidity to buy $20m of bitcoin and sell it.) And through their fund they allow wealthy family offices etc to procure bitcoin and they have done so up to $70m at current market rates.
Second fact: when you buy $10m of bitcoin in a single day, the price moves up by perhaps 10%. That means that if you can buy $10m at the spot price, that's a great deal. So even getting the normal market rate is a great deal for them, because buying through the market gives you an average rate of the current price + 5% or so.
Knowing all that, it's very easy to say no realistic bid was below $400, because $650 is already a great deal, let alone $400. And again, these aren't some kids in a basement, they're a big fund right around the corner of wall street.
You asked why does the market price have to do with the auction? I don't understand why you don't get this. Say you and me walk into a shop where they buy gold. We ask how much do you pay for gold? They say 'we'll pay the market price, $1k per pound' or whatever. 
I then tell you I've got some gold. Want to buy? I'll auction it to you, just place a bid. Guess what, you're going to bid up to the market price. If you buy my gold for $950 you can sell for $1k and make a tidy profit. But if the market price was $500, you'd never bid that much. That's as simple as it is, the market price has a huge effect on the bidding price. It's not exactly 1:1 of course, there's other factors, but the market price is the single biggest correlating factor.
Now besides all this, there's already information from various people saying they lost their bid and bid $450. That means every winning bid is at least above that number. Given the amount of coins there were, it's pretty easy to see where the $20m figure comes from. But more importantly, it has nothing to do with the auction. Fact is, someone won and together they hold 30k coins, and the market price per coin is $640 right now, so it's pretty easy to tell where he got his $20m from. That number had nothing to do with the auction really, it's just the current market value of the bitcoins that have already been auctioned off that's all.
The reason it's significant that they aren't the highest is because people feared the coins would be bought for cheap and then immediately dumped on an exchange, depressing the price. SecondMarket allowed small bids in a syndicate. But as it turns out, none of those low bids won, and it's an indication that the bitcoins were sold for a significant price and won't be dumped on an exchange, which may be why the price rose by about 6% in the past 24 hours. It's also reaffirming the interest from large players, which gives confidence as a lot of people in bitcoin still struggle with the fact nobody in their family or group of friends knows, understands or cares about bitcoin and fear they might be making a stupid bet. People feel validated when a professional finance firm, big investor, large fund or company buys into bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-11 21:16:11
Nice going! Her loss buddy, perhaps try again in 6 months from now and remind her of your tip and what it would've been worth if she accepted it!
@_date: 2014-05-16 13:35:53
Circle has just become my new hot-wallet. It's nicer than paying 1% for Coinbase where I pay a few dollars and where the on-off ramps are slower.
I really hope a trusted company like this who offer payment solutions much like Paypal (who is allowed on iOS platforms) and insurance of funds, especially given companies like eBay/Paypal are considering enabling bitcoin too, might have the bargaining power to work with Apple at some point to enable a Circle app for iOS. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 23:33:06
The only argument against this is that one mightn't be able to finance a mining center themselves, thus it's a choice between renting out a mining center you otherwise couldn't buy and taking a fee on that, or not doing anything. 
But I don't think this argument holds up for cex because this wasn't their approach, they quite clearly have mining rigs now and they have a choice to rent it out or mine it themselves. If they pay $10 in electricity and gain $15 in block rewards, they're not going to rent it out for any less than $15 as they'd just be losing money for no reason. As such they charge more than $15, say $16, only as the block rewards are just $15, the renter pays more than he may ever earn. It's mathematically and logically a negative investment and I don't get why people don't have these basic thoughts and reconsider.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:38:54
shoot me
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:59:38
Yeah I think it's pretty telling of what kind of exposure / attention bitcoin gets. That's about it. GS has to do these reports even on the worst products just to protect its customers, so it's no indication of whether bitcoin is seen favourably. But it is an indication that bitcoin caused ripples in the water that everyone is noticing.
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:02:02
I don't see your point. If I said 'humans drink water' I'm not wrong, but you'd be left confused as to how this was relevant to anything you said. Similarly I have no clue what point you're trying to make, how it differs or contrasts or agrees with anything I said, and what your argument is. Please be a bit more elaborate.
@_date: 2014-02-23 16:34:51
Dumbish article. Gets some things right compared to old articles but really, a bug in bitcoin? That's like saying if a company prints its receipts without saving their own version and a customer comes back to return the product with a fake receipt, there is something wrong with the dollar or the concept of cash payments. Ridiculous.
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:32:34
I think what he means is that about $300m was injected, and probably less than $50m was actually spent. Of course BitPay and Coinbase hired (full &amp; parttime) over a 100 people between the two of them, a lot of those engineers are just building stuff that hasn't been finished yet, a lot of sales people are negotiating and creating partnerships that haven't been announced yet.
And in that sense, it's true. We've seen loads of investments and a lot of that will materialize over the next 2 years or so. That's exciting stuff. When you hear that Paypal or Dell took months to develop, that tells you they're working on stuff right now, that may be announced in a few months. 
We also have seen various announcements that haven't materialized yet. e.g. Braintree bitcoin stuff, isn't really ready yet for anyone. Stripe announced to integrate bitcoin into their register, that isn't actually done yet. 
So that's exciting stuff, to see a pretty vibrant ecosystem when half the things talked about aren't even ready yet and will be launching soon.
@_date: 2014-03-13 12:17:41
I think you're confusing something. There is no correlation or connection between bitcoin block mining and bitcoin transactions.
That is, to clear things up, if there were 0 bitcoin transactions and only 1 miner in the whole world, he would mine just as many blocks as if there were millions of transactions and millions of miners.
As such, there is no correlation. I will agree with you that mining (outside of transaction fees) causes expenses to every bitcoin owner as the supply keeps increasing. But it is a fixed cost, in other words: unrelated to the volume of transactions. And this 'fixed' cost is going down.
1) because every four years, half as many bitcoins are rewarded. 
2) because the percentage of devaluation decreases each day. (e.g. when there were only 100k bitcoins, the daily 7200 bitcoins that were mined then devalued the currency *much* more each day than the 3600 bitcoins mined each day devalue the 12 million bitcoins in existance). 
It's not really a problem. The annual inflation if bitcoin seems to be much lower than the annual increase in demand for bitcoin. By the time demand growth is dropping, bitcoin inflation will be much lower, too. (e.g. in just 15 years about 99% of all bitcoins will have been mined.)
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:29:59
Dude, siiick. I played the SHIT out of Star Sonata (who currently take bitcoin for subs btw) and a ton of other space games. (Star Sector is a great one right now).
Can't wait to see this game :) 
@_date: 2014-06-21 19:15:37
Sure but that's interesting. What is more common, a merchant like Amazon trying to defraud a customer? Or a customer trying to defraud Amazon? Which party risks more? Amazon who will gain a fraudulent reputation and lose millions or billions of revenue and hefty fines in the courts, or a person who does a fraudulent charge back and all that happens is that he can't shop at Amazon anymore under his own name in the future?
I think it's clear on who the burden of risk should lie.
Of course at the end of the day bitcoin is just a protocol. If you really wanted you could just build a chargeback based system on top and try to convince merchants to accept it.
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:36:58
This is the equivalent to wearing your email address on your tshirt in 1995 lol.
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:18:02


It's not meant to be likely haha, I only looked at a couple of factors of the price. It ignores a number of important caveats. For example, it ignores the likeliness of velocity of money will scale as much as the per-person adoption of bitcoin, so that'd immediately bring the figure closer to $250k!
And it's also based on a the assumption of 1b users, which is pretty much the population of all of North-America and Europe, in other words, something like 40-50 countries, the majority of which among the richest countries in the world with the most trade. That itself is also quite an assumption! So a comparison with he money supply of the US isn't proper, it should be a comparison with the money supply of 40-50 countries which is less lopsided.
Just saw a great live presentation of Mike Hearn here in Amsterdam. It's pretty sobering and there's a shitton of work and growth required still. I'd personally look at a $50k bitcoin in 10 years. The $1m figure isn't unrealistic on a macro-level, they're very normal numbers but it assumes constant high growth which is far from a certainty. e.g. the blockchain.info android app's active users graph has a flat line for february, march and april. All those graphs showing Coinbase, Bitpay and Blockchain.info grow by 10% a month (300% a year) only tell a very partial story. That's why I think the $1m figure is pretty unrealistic in practice.
@_date: 2014-07-05 09:15:41
Cex.io are ridiculously stupid prices. Don't forget they take 6% in monthly fees on top of the fact their GH/S prices are 3-6x more expensive.
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:26:08
Bitonic buy prices are pretty sweet. Sell is awful, but that's fine. Buy immediately, send to exchange, sell whenever you need and send it back. Euro isn't volatile, so you can wait for the SEPA transfer from the exchange to your acc. Bitcoin is volatile, so that's where bitonic immediate purchase comes in.
It's a great, limited-trust, quick and cheap way to trade.
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:34:46
True. I have a bitstamp, mt. gox, kraken, reddit acc and downloaded wallet software. But I only ever used kraken/reddit actively. But then I personally know friends who only have blockchain.info, and one who has that plus kraken. 
I wouldn't personally assume that there's more than a 50% overlap of users. But that's already quite a lot. If you then cross off inactive users, not much is left. But still, I think 1-2 million is a pretty decent estimate. I've heard VCs and employees at top bitcoin companies talk about figures like 10 million. That leads me to assume less than 1 million is probably too low an estimate.
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:18:32
This was fantastic. It's not the end of the road yet, but if you compare some of the earliest draft proposals to this, it's a huge sign that the bitcoin community doesn't just keep on trucking in whatever environment, but that they also now have the manpower to change said environment. I think in large part we have many of our bitcoin businesses to thank for this, while thousands of us made comments that surely helped a lot, there was also a lot of one-liner comments like "FUCK BITLICENSE YEAH!!" by the likes of Bill Clinton and Justin Bieber haha. We can expect regulators like this to listen to companies in particular, and many of them put out eloquent and constructive comments, and all of our comments have produced this result that is far from perfect, but better than I had expected.
Anyway I'm mostly concerned with how things like ChangeTip and Blockchain.info will work. I would have liked to see thresholds, i.e. if we're talking about 5 cent tips and $2.50 of tipping volume per month, we really shouldn't put friction into the marketplace by requiring people like this to register with their address. As for Blockchain.info, they don't hold keys, thus hold no access to funds (simply provide a software interface to funds). How does this affect them? As for Coinbase's multi-sig vault, exactly the same thing.
@_date: 2014-10-15 10:56:30
You're saying the whole ATM story wasn't a red flag? That's the type of 'it's ready to ship next week and it's going to be amazing', but not willing to even show a video of a prototype as every two months a self-imposed deadline goes by over and over and over again, that we've seen from the worst mining companies.
I mean, just a tidbit in their last blog post and twitter post:
They're able to pay back all creditors, they're filing for bankruptcy they're able to pay out remaining funds to their owners, they've got a negative balance sheet.
I'm not sure if you ever took a course in corporate finance or accounting, but you probably don't have to to see the bs in that. Straight from their blog post.
Or this notion that they never acquired Mintpal which they're repeating on twitter.
In line with their own blog post, in which they said they did a take over and acquired Mintpal. Again, not sure if you ever took a course in corporate finance, but M&amp;A (mergers and acquisitions) are extremely unambiguous terms. I've never heard of a company acquiring another company, without any change of ownership, where the only thing that happened is that some guys at company A started to also work at company B. That's not an acquisition. That's when company B hires an employee who also works at company A. THAT'S IT. So if I work in a grocery store and I then get hired in a clothing store, that's an acquisition according to them. That's literally what they said they did, and they called it an acquisition. It's beyond ridiculous.
And then when company A goes bankrupt, which apparently according to them, does not own at all company B and shouldn't at all affect what they do at company B, they quit at company B and walk away, despite users still missing their funds, despite company B going to shit, take the product offline and walk out.
That's not a red flag? It's not a red flag when a company raises 500 BTC with hyperbolic promises that don't come true and miss every deadline, but only become bigger, not smaller promises? When employees do 'IRC soaks' and just give away $15k of funds intentionally, or perhaps worse, when they did it accidentally because they added one 0 too many? 
They ran this thing as if it was one big joke. I don't see how there weren't any red flags. Note I'm not comparing it to Mt. Gox, it's not nearly as influential (by an order of say 1000x in bitcoin). But red flag sentiment? Absolutely.
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:20:45
I love bitcoin but I could do without bs like this. So much noise. 
I wish was more like like or for the latter to be as active as the former.
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:47:33
8-digit alphanumerical isn't great. There's less than 3 trillion 8-digit alphanumerical passwords, that's a roughly 42 bit number.
To put that into context:


i.e. a computer from the nineties could break a 40-bit number in two seconds. Mind you, chip speeds grow by ~60% per year meaning that computer would now cost about $50 or so to crack any 8-digit alphanumerical within seconds. An iphone 5 could do that for example, let alone a decent computer.
Most systems have throttling in-built. So you enter your username + password. If you try 10 passwords you need to enter a captcha. If you try 20 passwords, you need to come back an hour later. This way instead of doing billions of checks per second you can only do maybe 20 per hour. 
But for something like private keys in the blockchain, there is no real throttling system involved. If you wanted you could download the blockchain and perform billions of queries on it without anyone stopping you. That's why for bitcoin, an 8-digit alphanumerical is really not a good idea even if it's random. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 12:29:49
Thanks as always! :D
@_date: 2014-06-20 23:21:49


I'll quote him:




That's what I already said, but the discount rates are disproportionate. 
@_date: 2014-10-06 22:59:00
Actually it appears Paypal was working with Apple for Applepay, until Apple furiously shut down those negotiations when Paypal did a partnership with Samsung and their fingerprint scanning tech.
@_date: 2014-11-21 15:36:42
Biggest news of 2014 :P
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:40:47
bitcoins aren't really traded, inputs and outputs are recorded into the blockchain... come on let's not be so semantically petty it's really lame
@_date: 2014-05-18 21:22:12
No worries. So, look into 2-factor authentication if you haven't. It's a way of improving security.
So for example, in Chrome usually your passwords are stored. If you hop on your girlfriend's computer, 9/10 times you can see her passwords for things like facebook or email. Banks never let you save a password, but most people use the same password. As such, you can simply check her  email's password, and 9/10 times she's configured the same with her bank.
So now you can login to her bank and send money around. Only most banks have 2-factor authentication. For example, when you send $10 they send a text to her phone asking her if she made that tx, and if so, she'll need to enter a number they texted her. That means that I now also need to steal her phone and know the unlocking number on her phone, and phone pincodes are generally different from a person's favorite password.
Multi-Signature is the same. You require multiple private keys to sign the transaction. That can be useful even for your own coin. For example, you can create redundancy and require 2 of 3 keys to sign the transaction. This allows you to lose 1 of the 3 keys, and still make the transaction. Or you can do 3 of 5. That means if you keep your keys in separate places, you will have access but your keys aren't vulnerable to e.g. disasters. If a fire burns your house, you'll still have another key on your phone, and another key with your dad. Why not just have 1 key in 5 different places? Well in that case, if your phone or your dad decides to steal your bitcoin, they can. But with multi-signature, they can't.
Lastly, you can set up multi-signature with a trustless party. For example, you could make 3 keys and require 2 to make a transaction. You keep one as usual. You give one to your bank, and you put one encrypted one in a vault. Whenever you sign a transaction with your key, the bank calls you and asks you if you made the transaction. If they verify you, they sign it with their key. This way if your key is compromised, they can't steal your money unless they fool the bank, too. This way the bank protects you. But the bank itself only has 1 key so it can never steal your keys. And if they ever don't comply, you can dig up the vault that's very inconvenient to access, but secure, and take the 2nd key and take your bitcoin yourself. This method is similar to the 2FA I described in the beginning where your girlfriend is protected in multiple ways.
Those are just some scenarios of multi-signature (or multi-factor authentication) for individuals. For companies, it's a no-brainer. Look at Neo &amp; Bee, the CEO had not been able to steal all the bitcoin alone if it required the keys of say 3 of the 5 managers or board members for example.
2FA is not necessary for everything. You can set up a wallet of $1000 that you can spend with just 1 key for groceries. This is where your income goes. But your $50.000 savings should be secured in a way that needs say 2 out of 3 keys. You have a key, you have an encrypted key in a bank vault and your bank or your parents have a key, for example. This way, your bank or your parents will check with you personally if you want to make a transaction, thereby a hacker would need to hack both you and your bank at the same time, which is extremely difficult.
@_date: 2014-08-03 22:04:47
You're boring me. First of all, don't put words in my mouth. Again I'm not taking a position on whether Xapo does or doesn't offer this insurance product in full. I want clarification. Benefit of doubt implies belief, I don't have any on Xapo's claims or your claims. Clarification is necessary. Last time I'll repeat myself as you're becoming one of those silly fanatics who get hell bent to put me in a box when I've explicitly said and shown I don't ascribe to the position you accuse me of.
The English is plain, yes, and it makes zero reference to insurance products. As such you're making an assumption it's including this part. I want clarification. 
Want other plan English?


Your coins are fully insured regardless of the underlying value in fiat currency. For example, if you have 10 bitcoins stored in the Xapo Vault, your are insured as to those 10 bitcoins, irrespective of what currency you purchased them in and what the current value is in that currency.
Xapo has, time and time again, gone on-record, that it's insurance policy is complete. If you know anything about law as you say you do, you'd know that a TOS is thrown into the garbage ever so often, you'd know that a written or even verbal statement can constitute a legal contract and carries weight. You'd know that a judge would look at the bigger picture, see in writing, clearly, that Xapo claims 100% insurance, explicitly mentions full insurance, in the amount in bitcoin, not in fiat, not up to $100. Meanwhile your source has no explicit mention of insurance at all. Plain English.
But even so, I'm still not taking a position. I'm strongly contesting your perspective which is much less black and white than you make it out to be, and thereby for me clarification is in order.
But hey, whatever. If you don't want to hear more or see the TOS amended or clarified and think you know, that's fine. End of discussion. I do and you don't, we go our separate ways. I'm not interested in discussing this further without extra clarification as clearly there are, to an extent, contradictory and unclear statements on either of your or Xapo's positions. Feel free to reply to this post for others to read, but don't expect I will unless you happen to have a message from them.
Oh, while I just said I wasn't interested in a further discussion until clarification from them, I would be interested to hear one thing from you. You mentioned Circle having a similar scheme with a limited liability clause. Feel free to provide sources for that, would appreciate it.
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:10:45
Yeah I really don't get this whole marketing push. Look at just the professionals. Is Gyft marketing a car? Fuck no. Is Bitpay sponsoring a UFC fighter because someone in bitcoin spoke on the podcast of someone who's involved in UFC? Of course not.
Look at the 4 companies with the biggest userbase, Coinbase, Blockchain, Bitpay, Multibit. They all grow 10% month over month, they make the numbers public. The organic growth is great, triple each year. Know what that means? 30x growth in 3 years. And they're barely doing any marketing, why? Because the low-hanging-fruit is sufficient, the early adopters are causing 10% growth.
Their biggest focus right now is building product. Because really, if my mom sees a bitcoin commercial, she doesn't even register that as a thing, let alone give it thought, let alone consider using it, let alone take a shot at figuring out this complex stuff when she asks for help with email. You can spend a billion on advertising, but without product she won't adopt.
And what is product? Take email: elegant product is an iPad that you swipe, press a few buttons to type, press send and you're using email. Compare that to setting up MS Outlook on your computer and configuring pop servers. Bitcoin companies need to build user-friendly software before they blow marketing money to encourage people to use products that are not elegant enough for mainstream users.
And that's okay, because again, growth rates are roughly 300% per year or 30x growth over 3 years just from early adopting enthusiasts who don't need to be marketed to much.
Want to do something? Fund development, fund education, fund a core programmer, fund programmers to review code, to write technical documentation, fund hackathons (!), fund startups, use bitcoin. There's so much to do, but I think mainstream marketing is just an ineffective way to spend money atm. It helps yes, of course, but you can get more out of a dollar doing something else.
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:03:36


... because they're not banks.
You have extensive money transmitter legislation, extensive regulation of money services businesses, which are not banks. This is what companies already comply with, both bitcoin companies like Coinbase and non-bitcoin companies like Paypal.
Somehow the bitlicense wants to go above and beyond this and the first proposal of the license had some absolutely ridiculous elements in it.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:54:06
@_date: 2014-09-13 20:00:11
Not sure if I necessarily agree with the exact wording, e.g. allocation has a semantic hint of 'distribution' which bitcoin is agnostic to, but indeed any ledger can be used to account for property rights, as can bitcoin's blockchain. And I don't know what you mean by 'enforcement to private keys'. Perhaps you can rephrase it a bit? I don't think we're disagreeing though.
@_date: 2014-03-21 10:36:51
This is a great write-up but it does miss some crucial information here and there which is the difference for me between looking at bitcoin and saying 'interesting but risky' and 'groundbreaking and risky'.
For example, non-currency applications of bitcoin were briefly, casually mentioned without explanation of the possible impact on various industries. Microtransactions received a bit more attention, but it did not explicitly mention microtransactions could change an industry currently based on ads in the same way iTunes changed an industry based on physical CD sales. It also made no mention of the notion of programmable money which is massive and ties in with a modern society, the internet of things, which is absolutely profound. It also makes no mention of the billions of unbankables, who could be serviced by a low-cost, borderless, decentralized network that could circumvent poor banking infrastructure in many countries and due to bitcoin being digital/programmable in nature, it could all be done on a feature phone (and already is). It mentions increased privacy on the consumer end, but doesn't mention the possibility of a more secure and more transparent banking system. It mentions the possibility of disrupting remittance, but claims remittance fees are only 1-2% without a source (probably quoting int. transfer fees between western countries, not a typical remittance usecase of 7-13%). 
And so on and so forth. Again, great article, few mistakes and any mistakes seem unintentional, but they failed to highlight some of the other key components that make bitcoin a potential breakthrough.
@_date: 2014-08-23 12:28:38
 is quite nice too.
But yeah it's a hard sell here in the Netherlands. Ideal is simply amazing and it's cheap, too. No chargebacks and the transaction generally costs 50c or so, so bitcoin is a tiny benefit for merchants, let alone consumers.
Although at thuisbezorgd Ideal does cost 1 euro more than bitcoin, so that's something. (which is about a 5-10% discount on a typical order, not bad)
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:30:49
I'm complaining mainly because cex.io mines at GHASH, and GHASH has been the biggest short-term threat to bitcoin in recent history. So there are literally people giving away money (negative investment) to a party who's been able for various periods to do a 51% attack. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:27:03


That's a good point, but it very much depends on the implementation. The previous Skype COO wrote about this (he now works at a bitcoin company) here:
Basically he talks about Skype's positioning, one that wasn't a phone company, but rather just a software company. This allowed them to move very quickly and expand worldwide without all the licensing of a phone operator. He makes the case that bitcoin companies should do the same.
And that makes sense. I wrote about that a few months ago. Basically I wouldn't be surprised trusted counterparty's like Google or Facebook to take on this role one day.
What it'd look like is a 2/3 multi-sig transaction. One key is in a bank vault, one key is at the office, and one key is with Google. If Google disappears, you can walk to the bank and get the key, decrypt it and get your money. Worst case scenario.
So basically, you sign a transaction from address 'ABC' with multi-sig keys X, Y and Z. You hold X, Google holds Y, the bank holds Z. You sign the transaction with your key X and send it to Google's automated service. They then check their database and see that address 'ABC' has a transaction limit of 10 bitcoin per day and only to a list of known addresses. So it checks and sees that that day there haven't been any transactions, and the transaction is for a known address, so it signs the transaction.
Of course, Google has only 1 key, so it can't steal the money. 
But Google also doesn't hold money. In fact, it doesn't even hold bitcoins. In fact, it doesn't even hold the full access keys to bitcoins. In no sense is it a bank or financial institution. Now of course a judge may rule otherwise, but everyone in my family (inc myself) studied law, and I think it'd be quite rare, I think in virtually all cases Google would just be seen as a service to hold some of your passwords to be released based on some earlier configured rules. (For example, my bank's 2-factor SMS authentication doesn't make my phone operator a bank, nor does a mail-based 2FA make my email a bank.).
This is just a primitive example of a well known brand (Google), but it could work in many different ways. I wouldn't be surprised if Circle, Coinbase and Bitpay would build this at some point. I think your biggest concern is that you're a bit too early of an adopter and that these companies may want to try to build products for the 'low-hanging fruit' first :) But I think they'll surely be interested to hear from companies.
Indeed, I would expect this stuff to be integrated into Oracle, SAP etc at some point, it makes a lot of sense to further digitize things like payments and, if possible due to redundancy, move part of banking in-house. 
This is an example of a decently large non-bitcoin company building a tax-product for bitcoin for example:
I'm curious by the way, what was the initial motivation for bitcoin? Are payments currently slow, expensive, cumbersome, limited in some way? Thanks!
@_date: 2014-07-27 11:51:32
It's not about merely 'completing a transaction', and it's also not about the customer doing anything illegal. I'm strictly talking about the Bitlicense setting up laws for businesses (e.g. Coinbase, Circle) whether they're in NY or service NY customers.
So it's about offering a service or product to the resident of a certain jurisdiction. If you want to do that, then that product or service must abide by the laws of that jurisdiction, it's that simple.
So if Apple sells an iphone in the US, it must abide by US laws. If it sells an iphone in the EU, and hypothetically the EU happens to have e.g. a ridiculous law a law that an phone must have at minimum a 100 megapixel camera, then no, the iphone can't be legally sold. 
Extradition is an entirely different subject. e.g. it may be illegal to steal a coca cola from a French restaurant, but the US isn't going to extradite a US person who did so on his holiday in Paris. It's got nothing to do with illegality, it requires much more than that. If you're trying to make the case that it's unlikely that e.g. a CEO of a french company illegally servicing NY residents without abiding by NY law is going to be extradited, then sure that may very well be unlikely, but it doesn't mean it's not illegal by NY law...
And sure, that CEO might very well operate illegally for some time. But then no VC investor will back an illegal operation. And his French bank, under pressure, will say 'we don't want headline risk, sorry but we can't let your company bank with us any longer'. And if the company becomes big enough, then it's very likely the US will pressure foreign governments to intervene. (e.g. look at Liberty Reserve). So that might work for an underground operation temporarily. But for a large, public, mainstream company to do this in broad daylight, it's not going to fly for long.
And at the end of the day, again, it's likely that the NY laws will act as some form of template for the rest of the world to build on. So it's important to recognize that we have an opportunity to set the tone of future regulation. Again, look at net neutrality, if we didn't have it from day 1, we would probably still not have it decades later. But now that we have it, it's hard to get rid of it.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:24:31


But discussions really are about speculation. If nobody had a single expectation of bitcoin and just look at what we know, well we know bitcoin dropped by 60% the past few months. We know China just clamped down hard on exchanges. We know confirming a transaction to be irreversible to a high degree of certainty takes 60 minutes. We know bitcoin can currently only hande 7 transactions per second while Visa can do 10.000.
If you don't hold any expectations of the future, bitcoin would be a joke, life would probably be a joke for many people. It's integral to discussions.
Of course we have to be sensible about some expectations, but I have made tens of thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin transactions between exchanges and my bank. Cost? 0.1% to buy/sell bitcoin, 0% to deposit/withdraw fiat. I'm just talking from experience. I can send $100 to a friend in the US and he can withdraw it with Coinbase and our total fees are 1%. It's not just possible, I've done this.
The ATM is just part of an example using things we're familiar with. Sure you can say it costs 5% today, but at least consider and then argue why or why not this won't go down. For example, most ATM fees aren't from the bitcoin transaction, that's pretty cheap. It's mostly things like the surety bond that you need to pay for which is quite steep and mandatory by law if you want to transmit money as a business. However, once you get ATM franchises, you can have 1 license for 20 ATMs and you can get a very cheap marginal cost on your surety bond and negotiate very cheap variable costs on your bank transactions. These are known facts and they can drive down bitcoin ATM fees to levels that can easily compete with remittance.
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:20:55
Absolutely agree, we are bitcoin, we build the software, participate to create the market, we build the economics behind it. But none of that, for me, includes going to GHASH headquarters, demanding the location of the mining equipment and setting the place on fire, just to prevent GHASH from outcompeting everyone. If you have to resort to that then no, bitcoin has utterly failed because it would just happen over and over again. It'd be a system secured by violence, and nothing else, and that's a failure for me.
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:35:58
Can't coinbase just register in canada and operate just fine? What implications does this have on current companies.
@_date: 2014-10-14 23:39:48
This. I literally visit the dogecoin subreddit once a month and read maybe one or two pages on it per month. And even from that I was able to distill that Moolah was one shady ass organisation. Not saying they didn't have an impact or did some cool stuff, just saying it was shady as hell and bound to disappear. This comes at no surprise.
How anyone intimately involved with dogecoin could miss these facts is beyond me. Red flags all over the place. 
I mean, just their last blog post alone, literally 9 days ago, where they said 'we'll launch a new fee free product until the end of the year and hire new dedicated staff for community management', and 9 days later say 'we ran out of all reserves and have a negative balance sheet and have no money to pay current staff' is ridiculous.
Does anyone know what happened to the ATM story: 
They raised over a quarter million dollars apparently but I haven't actually seen. Was that resolved? Again, I don't spend much time on doge.
Lastly, what's up with the 'negative balance sheet' and 'we can pay all creditors back' and 'then we'll divide the rest to the owners'. How does that make any damn sense? Obviously these (pay back all, with negative equity, and then divide negative debt as earnings) contradict. Know what else contradicts? The fact they file for bankruptcy while being able to pay everyone back and being able to divvy up the rest.
This whole company feels like one big joke.
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:22:38


How can I take anything you say seriously when you use an anonymous reddit account? How can I take my girlfriend seriously unless she's 100% transparent in all her thoughts and emotions? I mean, come on.
It seems to be the foundation is relatively transparent and quite representative for a lot of bitcoin businesses and various consumer groups. It will never be representative for everyone, there, you've heard it. That's impossible. Obama isn't representative for everyone, either, far from it. But it doesn't mean he can't be taken seriously.
Fact is, it's not perfect, never will be. But, you can become a member, vote and have influence, like any organisation. You can read transcripts from meetings, participate and put yourself up for election. And if you look at the foundation, they do a lot of solid work, mostly in educating and organizing and creating exposure. 


Unless you can point out how they're destroying bitcoin, or are a voting member, or have a better organisation that does more good, or somehow can show how they're forcing you to pay them money, I'd really suggest being a little more constructive in your posts.
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:38:19
The latter over a period of time. So you can actually do a 51% attack with  say 40% of the hashrate temporarily. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:13:50
She won't forgive me as she's been pestering me to use our arthouse vouchers for a year and I just couldn't be bothered to go, if I suddenly go when she's not here :P I like to interesting films at home and action movies in the cinema haha. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 23:45:27
Love the idea and the effort but very curious as to how you execute this. e.g. what is your assurance policy to fight fraud. Essentially you're giving someone money for what you have to somehow verify is a valid invoice, and verify this invoice is from a company who's likely to actually pay, then hand over a bunch of money and hope your verification turns out accurate weeks later.
Now of course, this isn't a new idea, it's been tried and it works, but usually it works with established companies. (e.g. an internet ISP might sell its invoices). But for freelancers? Most freelancers I know barely have much information to tie them down to. (e.g. no central office they've been at for the past 5 years giving you comfort that the company won't suddenly disappear)
I'd personally absolutely consider using it it if I could get verified and needed it. I'm actually winding down my business right now and looking to get a job in the bitcoin space. But before now I used to develop games and license them out to large companies, some who had 14d or even up to an insane 90d payment schedule. As I had savings I generally preferred waiting than to sell the invoice at a discount, but an automatic option to convert to bitcoin (giving potential e.g. 10% gains in a 90d period) would be very interesting.
I'm curious also, what is your discount rate on the invoice and does it include things like payment fees. For example I usually pay 3% to Paypal for fees, I'd assume you'd therefore discount the invoice by 3%+, like 5% or 6% for a 14-day period paid out in bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:55:39
They probably cant 100% But charging 25% above market price means they can easily deal with 1/10 chargebacks. These cards are then blacklisted and they do have proof on the blockchain so in most cases they can probably win the dispute.
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:44:55
Thanks. Feel free to state the magnitude of the hack and the percentage you managed to pay back. I'd love to hear all sides of the story, you were the CTO.
@_date: 2014-09-30 21:46:13


@_date: 2014-05-13 13:53:25
History shows there is a big difference between unofficial and official. 
Secondly, this is how businesses simply work. You don't announce until it's official, and when it is official, you announce regardless of whether everyone knows. You're not going to just let it go by silently, it's a time when the voice of the company in question speaks most loudly.
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:06:06
Oh my goooood. I studied at McGill for a while (I'm from Europe) and I had to sell a kidney to pay for my phone haha. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 21:35:51
How the hell can people be so moronic to compare price charts when the price is completely run by news right now. 10 days of +/- 1% volatility, then China news, 5-10% drop. Every drop was because of Mt. Gox or China or the IRS or something. Those things are completely different from July 2013. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 09:15:04
Ouch, let's hope nobody catches on in times when tx fees are insignificant, like today! (0.25%)
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:37:21
Kind of... not. Thing is, most awesome wallets don't work on Chrome. Say, Armory or Electrum. 
But the device itself is fine. Particularly bitaddress.org (HTML/JS based wallet creator) works awesome on it.
If you combine that on a computer that's never been networked, check the hash/pgp keys and cross-reference between the github and bitcointalk thread and website of bitaddress.org, with say something like diceware, it's extremely hard to go wrong. That's extremely secure. And that runs in chrome just fine, so a chromebook, too.
I'd personally suggest a raspberry pi. Not too hard to install armory or electrum on it, or do bitaddress.org. Buy it + sd card + power cable, hook it up to your screen and keyboard and you're good to go. Can do an awesome cold storage solution for under $60 bucks, and use it for signing transactions, too, offline.
That means, keep it offline. So unless someone intercepted your Chromebook inbetween the factory and your house and installed malware on it (virtually never happens), there's no way for any software like a keylogger to end up on your device, and even if it could, there'd be no way to get the data off your device if you don't connect it to the internet. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 13:12:13
Money supply has little to do with stock valuation, and that's where the comparison ends I'm afraid.
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:12:09
No I don't. In fact someone whose building a similar product says they're probably losing money on this. And if you know anything about VC investments and startups, you'd know they'll generally take a loss often for years. Many companies like FB live on VC funds, that's why it's called a venture, before making a profit 5 years later, at which point the VCs are rewarded for their money-losing VENTURE.
@_date: 2014-04-15 17:12:30
You guys got a website on your travels, or are they not bitcoin travels? :)
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:48:52
Well, Kraken keeps 98% in cold offline storage locked away in cages that require retinal scans to access. Multiple people have to sign these transactions for them to occur.
Also, Kraken has a legally binding contractual agreement allowing them to wind down their operations and funds in a structured way if their business with their banking partner (fidor) ever ends.
It's not perfect, but pretty good.
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:34:06
The problem with this is that you can ostracize gateways. So say there's one guy looking to send money to wikileaks, no gateway will do that. Because if they do, other mainstream gateways will not trust that gateway.
The trusting in known gateways means it's not censorship resistant anymore.
And beyond that, again, you STILL have to trust a gateway. Not saying it's centralized, don't imply I said that. In fact I explicitly said it was decentralized. I'm saying that like having to trust a centralized party, you STILL have to put trust in something, which is a third party, even if those are decentralized parties.
Bitcoin is far from perfect, but it's more censorship resistant and less trust-based than Ripple.
@_date: 2014-04-13 02:53:41
Can anyone explain ITEX to me? It looks to me as if they don't facilitate barter at all, they exchange a product or service for ITEX dollars. But that's not barter? That's just a private currency called ITEX dollars instead of dollars?
Please explain if I've got it wrong or confirm. Thanks if anyone has the time.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:15:36
Sure but these are self-fulfilling prophecies right. If you convince enough people tulips are going to rise in value, you'll surely see demand rise and it could outpace a doubling of supply every year. But obviously, that's not a store of value, that's a bubble.
And that's my point. Bitcoin is a bubble without its use as a payment system. It's no more a store of value than any other scarce good, and again, you can create a billion blockchains out of thin air, and you can build them upon the bitcoin network security, or you can allow only daily-transactions (if it's only a store of value, who needs quick payments) which are much easier to secure.
So I'm not saying bitcoin isn't a store of value, I'm saying it really needs the payment system as well as other potential applications. Without it, it's not unique, there's no demand, just speculation which won't last if there's no functional value beneath it. So I think it's slightly misleading to say bitcoin doesn't shine as a payment system but rather as a store of value, when the latter depends on the former.
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:27:30
If you desperately want to use a native ios app vs a html5 app, consider making two blockchain wallets. Put 90% in one, 10% in the other, then login to the native app with the 10% one which can be used for easy quick spending money.
Basically a warm wallet and a fucking hot wallet.
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:32:33
hear hear
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:43:26
Make sure you do things like cross your zero's to differentiate between 0 and O! Or underline your capital letters. It's very easy to not quite correctly write down your key and mess up!
Besides this though, if you do print on any old printer, remember to encrypt your private keys. You can do it with a relatively simple password you use everyday, just as an additional form of security.
@_date: 2014-04-30 21:08:10
Interesting but I think it's one of the least fun/educational/meaningful ideas you've posted. This one has 'bragging' all over it. 'look at me, I'm rich'. Particularly not interesting as crypto investments are next to impossible to really 'understand', there's so much pump and dump out there, you can get rich if you're lucky a few times, or pump and dump yourself. Meanwhile, you're not really building or participating in the ecosystem directly.
I think it'd be fun to see, but if I'd have to choose where I'd put scarce software/web engineering manhours, this would be low on the list.
@_date: 2014-08-05 15:18:41
@_date: 2014-07-18 23:33:35
Yay more ad hominem, after child, now insecure. Indeed I'm an insecure child, you should become a psychologist, knowing all that from a few posts. 
And while you're at it, feel free to use google. After all, you won't get very far in life if every little thing you can easily find information on is dismissed with 'oh but you can't ask me to prove a negative, or even look anything up myself. I don't believe apples fall from trees, I need a source, I won't look into this myself.'
Let me know if no mining company scandals show up. I'll be happy to link you to a few.
@_date: 2014-02-26 10:37:49
I absolutely agree. It's not a bad company, they are competent, responsive, liquid and work well.
But there is no trust, and there is also no way to hold them accountable, therefore there is no incentive for them to choose to get 0.5% fees on trade volume of 10k BTC daily rather than stealing hundreds of thousands of bitcoins that people deposit there.
If anything, use BTC-E for exchanging value, not storing value. Always deposit before buying and always withdraw after buying or vice versa. Minimize your risk.
@_date: 2014-04-22 16:31:10
So giving a 14 year old harddrugs for money, or giving a terrorist explosives for money, is not a crime at all? These are just crimeless trades that should not at all be subject to oversight, much less be prohibited?
Another question, are you one of those people who says the getaway driver in a theft is not committing a crime, he's just a hired chauffeur?
@_date: 2014-05-09 10:11:05
Kippt had some good developers and talent. It makes sense to take them over now that kippt is failing. Especially because Coinbase and Kippt employees worked together, and they're connected through their mutual VC investors (who are famous in the VC business for helping its companies with recruitment by using its network). It's pretty much about buying cheap high-quality human resources from a failed company inside your own trusted network, instead of having to recruit expensive unknown factors from the competitive silicon valley market.
Also, given Kippt's entrepreneurial founders' experience probably were pretty interested in taking stock vs a high salary which is generally a great tradeoff for a startup. It costs you little in a time when you have little cash, yet it binds people to your company long-term because their stock is only valuable if the company succeeds. 6 years down the road when the company is established some of these people then leave while the company has enough resources to recruit the traditional way. Example of this is Chamath at Facebook for example, now turned investor (in bitcoin companies, too).
@_date: 2014-12-01 09:56:33
1 upvote! @_date: 2014-12-05 00:49:06
Completely agree. I'm glad to have Peter around, but a lot of his posts give me exactly the same feeling and it's annoying.
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:03:04
It's not really a question of whether fees remain low but rather whether enough miners can stay profitable for certain levels of network security, I'd say.
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:01:21
I'm not referring to violence against people I'm saying you'd literally destroy someone's property worth millions of dollars, illegally, just because it's being used to SHA256 too much (&gt;40%) for your liking.
That's ridiculous. For me, if I'd have to resort to destroying someone's mining equipment then bitcoin is over for me, it will have failed.
But I don't think we'll get to that point.
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:48:41
As he said, the protocol can be changed. It simply requires new code and miners accepting it. The consensus issue is trivial, because if you don't agree we're stuck with 7 tps which isn't competitive and has no future, bitcoin will quickly become worthless if miners say no to allowing the protocol to scale beyond a fraction of a percent of Visa's rate. 
And guess what, miners are financial actors. They're incentivized to agree to letting the protocol scale to a bigger importance, making the protocol's tokens (bitcoins) more valuable (their income).
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:02:17
I REALLY don't care. Look Circle has an exciting product, but I can wait. They don't offer me, personally, anything I can't already do. 
They're really a consumer-friendly company for the average joe, if that happens tomorrow, all the better, if it has to wait until December, that's okay by me. I'm more annoyed by 'circle this circle that threads' than the lack of invite.
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:59:59
Agreed, if you want to buy 30k right now you'll push the price up by 10% while doing it. So getting 30k at current market prices would be a nice deal.
@_date: 2014-08-08 22:18:52
You're here because you want to be....
Okay then, I'll go ahead and ask. My child, why do you want to be? I'm just curious. If it's a vague interest that's alright, too.
It's not that you disagree with me that I gave the 'canned response'. It's that you don't seem to use bitcoin. So there must be something else that interests you more specifically than following a company or product that is part of your life (like e.g. me following what reddit is doing as a company). Is it the economics, the technicalities of the protocol, the social experiment that bitcoin is (with all the fanatics on both ends)?
Really don't care about the latter thing. I'm painfully aware this post is deeply buried to the extent nobody but you will read it, and I just wasted a lot more time writing a post specifically for you than you care to spend reading it ;) The least I can get is to know why I'm I wrote this long post about bitcoin to someone who doesn't use bitcoin, doesn't intend to use it and doesn't intend to read a post why it might not be such a bad idea.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:39:33
They're not 'open to'. They're 'able to'. Those are quite different in terms of what they imply.
They've specifically said they're not considering it at the moment, but did say, as with any other virtual currency, they can use their network to transfer bitcoin, that's all. As in, their public statements are as favorable to bitcoin as dogecoin or shitcoin or now dead auroracoin.
@_date: 2014-04-05 12:25:15
Awesome, I'd love to visit sometime. Met some great people from Malaysia so far!
@_date: 2014-12-06 02:46:08
A florist doesn't make money by charging you for payment in cash, card, bitcoin. He makes money selling flowers. Payment processing should be priced at what it costs, not to make a profit, your product is there to make a profit, anything else is just being an asshole AND it's misleading to label them separate payment fees, rather than just increasing the price of your product (AKA profit), which is dishonest and bad practice for a long-term business.
They can do 0% payment processing with Bitpay, or a whole host of other companies or methods that costs less than 10%. If it was 2-3%, sure, but 10% is just bs. Don't forget, the customer is responsible for pushing the transaction, i.e. the customer already pays for the transaction fees. There's no variable (per transaction) cost of of 10% they're making unless they went out of their way to build a stupid inefficient and expensive processing system through localbitcoin like prices or something and that's just not true.
It's not business smarts, it's bs. Increase your price and call it profit, I won't complain. Just don't charge an extra 10% and pretend it's a fee you can't help but charge.
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:12:30
This is awesome for transactions. .py would work great on a raspberry pi :) Perhaps it's time to build a cold pi soon!
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:15:23
Very productive... If you're not with us, you're against us, it's like I'm hearing Bush do an introduction to bitcoin. If you don't like bitcoin you're a form of a bitch...
The latter part of the video was a lot more interesting than the silly introduction. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:42:59
What kind of nonsense is this, random guy on weibo (sort of twitter) says it's 5k BTC instead of ~900 and they take it as fact and write an article on it?
Here's one 'IBTimes set to fire all journalists tomorrow'.
Exact same credibility. I'll await your report.
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:55:47
Oh but those costs don't have to be high at all. 
For example, this is Vermont:
You need to pay maybe $2k for the application. Then ontop you need a surety bond for $100k. The surety bond you don't actually need to pay, it's collateral so that if you go bankrupt, you have $100k untouched to pay your customers. Now the surety bond can actually be bought at a bond company (who will pay the $100k in case your company fails). Most companies pay maybe 2-3%, so WesternUnion only has to pay about $2k once, and about $3k once a year in the entire state of Vermont.
Now not all states even have requirements. 3 states don't have any. And at the federal level there are no licenses or license costs, you just have to register with Fincen which costs nothing.
And interestingly, some surety bond requirements go up by the amount of offices you have. Internet companies using Bitcoin to act as a MSB obviously aren't affected.
So bitcoin from a legal perspective can actually be a lot cheaper because, once you've got the licensing down, most fees come from things that can to a large extent be digitized. And besides this, there are obvious cost-benefits to using bitcoin from an operational perspective.
It's true no company is fully legal, but it's also true barely any state enforces this. There are 3 states where no license is required for transmitting money at all. And then there are states like Texas that say bitcoin isn't money, so a license isn't needed. And then there's loads of states that haven't said anything and haven't implemented Fincen's guidance, in other words bitcoin is still legal there as there's no federal laws it's breaking. Once these laws are announced (and they will, inevitably), there's usually a period (e.g. 6 months) given for companies to apply for the relevant licenses. The process is not as brutal as say China.
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:52:40
Nooo. Don't take on debt to buy bitcoin.
Bitcoin is awesome, but it's NOT a certainty. There's a ton that still needs work. Invest in it if you want but don't risk money you don't have.
@_date: 2014-06-23 09:37:53
They won't guarantee your dollar value. They don't have fees.
You're confusing them with Bitreserve.
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:22:26
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:43:27
@_date: 2014-08-12 12:48:12
Could anyone explain the Indian tax on bitcoin? Is it actually levied on the purchase of bitcoin, or just on the purchase of goods with bitcoin as normal (VAT)? Thanks.
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:22:11
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:11:40
I have an opinion on you: dick move man.


Nah. If you asked Jeremy, their CEO, shall I sign up and give you this info, I'm never going to use Circle ever and I'll take the $10, but you'll have this info. Deal?
He'd say, no I'd rather not have you sign up, I'd rather sign up someone else. (you'll agree they won't give $10 to every person who signs up ever, therefore it's scarce). I'd bet all my bitcoin on that.
@_date: 2014-10-22 21:02:42
To be honest, exchanges should probably continue using bitcoin. It's like how an exchange may price gold in kilos, while consumers look at gold in grams. Or how you buy gas by the gallon, but exchanges price it by the barrel. Or how you might buy a kilo of sugar, but exchanges use tons.
This notion that consumers like you and I buy bitcoin at exchanges is probably going to be gone pretty soon. We'll get coins from places like Circle, employers, or local bitcoins. All these parties should switch to bits. 
But for e.g. a future ETF to use Bits, or for Bitstamp to use Bits? Don't think that should be the goal here.
As for the campaign? Great idea. Just, in my opinion, direct it towards e.g. merchants (Overstock), payment processors (Bitpay, Coinbase) brokers (Coinbase, Circle), tipping (changetip) etc. 
@_date: 2014-10-15 23:56:01
Oh, absolutely, nobody disagrees there. But you made it sound as if he was at risk of losing his money forever if he didn't pay a fee. Particularly because this is a common misconception that's uttered here every now and then. So people downvote it.
If you'd have been more specific and said 'there's no reason to risk having to wait for your transaction to go through because every day of delays can cost a thousand bucks in opportunity costs' you'd surely not have been downvoted. Clarity matters.


Now whose fault is that :p
@_date: 2014-08-05 12:51:18
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:32:12
Absolutely, which is why I expected a compliance story to come out now. I'm not expecting to hear 'we spent 30m to get licenses in every state!' when that amount exceeds the highest ever VC investment in any bitcoin company. But I did expect a startup to step in and license a few popular states, then rent out these licenses to audited startups like Coinbase or Kraken or an ATM provider, and then keep on growing and adding new states.
This way multiple companies can share one license and hugely reduce the cost *and* be compliant, which is pretty much what banks do for example (who are licensed money-transmitters and rent out these licenses at times) as well as bond companies. 
We're not hearing anything like that which seemingly indicates every company is trying to pursue licensing individually which is crazy expensive and take a long time, plus they're effectively not compliant until they manage to do this which poses a big risk. Perhaps not today, but next year or the year after if bitcoin blows up? There's going to be a pushback. You'll have a mastercard lobbyist show up at a governor's election and you'll suddenly see that state look into Coinbase and find them transmitting money without a state license. Stuff like that is just bound to happen to at least one company. States will catch up, best get the shit straight before then.
Another compliance story could be talks with a bond company, or a company piggybacking off of another license. e.g. I'd expect before the year ends for ATLAS to announce it's licensed under some wall street party's license, they already have such partnerships. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 22:51:18
No, it is clickbait. Quote from the OECD paper:


In short, they said bitcoin can never become legal tender because nation states will require taxes to be paid in their own national currency. Legal tender IS NOT the same as currency. You can make bread legal tender if you wanted. Most currencies are legal tender, but only in specific places. e.g. the US dollar is used as a currency in dozens of countries, but it's only legal tender in one.
So they did NOT say bitcoin can bever be a currency at all, which is the title of this thread.
Further, they go on to say that this means that loss of monetary control should not be used as an argument to prevent bitcoin from being used as an alternative currency. This is their advice to governments. Because, they say, bitcoin can't become legal tender, you still have monetary controls. As such, it means bitcoin can be a currency besides the fiat currency without a loss to government control.
In other words, they even went so far as to say the nature of bitcoin should not give governments an argument to prevent it from being a currency. Quite the opposite of the title thread.
That's why it's clickbait.
@_date: 2014-04-06 00:03:31
Sort of, there's two forces. Indeed, on the one hand, more transactions means more fees. On the other hand, we must remember that more transactions doesn't equal more blocks. We'll always have just 1 block per 10 minutes, meaning if more transactions fit in one block (we average about 10% of block capacity now, and if block sizes go from 1MB to e.g. 5MB, we can fit 50x as many current daily average transactions in a block) then each individual transaction has to contribute less fees for the miners of that block to get the same revenue.
So for example, if there are 10 miners trying to find one block with 1 transaction over and over again, and say the amount of fees this 1 transaction costs allow the 10 miners to break even on their hardware &amp; electricity costs, then if suddenly the transactions went to 10 per block, then each transactions would only have to pay 1/10th of the fees a single transaction cost earlier.
Of course, there are limits to this. More transactions means bigger blocks which requires more computing, more blockchain storage and more network speed to propagate transactions. So there's two forces, and at the moment the former weighs more heavily. (i.e. most miner costs are in the hashing, not in storage/network/signature-computing, so cost of infrastructure would only rise a little bit if we had 10x more transactions, while revenue-per-transaction would be cut by 10x).
Hope that makes sense. Upvoted you cause some dude downvoted :-\
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:27:12
Why is this a better store of value than e.g. gold? 
Please remember a few things:
* Bitcoin money supply is 11% this year, 10% next year. Way higher than gold, which is about 0.15%.
* Bitcoin is not secure unless miners are incentivized. In 10 years from now, block rewards are a tenth of what they are today, so for the same security, we need 10x more transaction fees than today. In other words, without transactions, without a payments system that's popular, bitcoin isn't secure to be a store of value.
Besides this, it's trivially easy to build scarce digital goods these days that are highly secure without much effort, if you don't need to care much about building an elegant payment system. In other words, the concept of creating digital scarcity is actually available in abundance.
So I don't quite see bitcoin simply being a better store of value than e.g. gold without the payment system. They have to shine together and I think they will.
@_date: 2014-09-15 03:56:00
You'll be hard pressed to find a soul who with clear conscious tells you congress is completely legitimate :p
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:22:55
Aah I see now why the lower tax rating is a good idea, nice catch!
Indeed I think the IRS would look at that and say 'makes sense'. If you buy say 10 BTC, hold it, and then buy say 0.5 btc and use it to buy a Gyft card straight away, I'd say that means you have 0 tax duties. That makes sense. But it really depends, if the IRS says 'first-in first-out', that's different. But I don't think they would as bitcoins are sort of distinct from another (by output), as such, it'd be as weird as buying 3 paintings, selling the last, and then getting taxed on the basis of the value of the first painting. On the other hand, bitcoins have a fungible price in that every bitcoin is priced the same on an exchange or market, so the IRS might force this accounting method, I don't know.
Guess the best bet is to go through the IRS guidance line by line and if you can, with your accountant. 
Make sure to note the $600 exemption to your accountant. It's not entirely clear whether this is an annual exemption, or a per-transaction exemption and if its an exemption of the transaction amount or the tax amount etc. So check that out, too. It makes a lot of sense that the IRS waives things like capital gains tax on the purchase of a cup of coffee using de jure bartering of bitcoin-property for coffee as the overhead costs are too large to make it worth the trouble of processing that sort of stuff.
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:50:40
I'm not saying the $50b is the cost of a 51% attack. I'm saying that's the amount of bitcoin sent per day.
We currently transfer about $50m a day on average, say we use bitcoin 1000x as much, we get 1k TPS instead of 1 TPS, and send 1000x as much money, that's $50b per day.
So now we have to hope that miners who make $6k a day on 1c transactions, will not exclude transactions or double-spend transactions amounting to $50 billion dollars.
I don't think that's realistic. If you do, I'm curious: what's your limit. If we can send a quadrillion dollars per second, do you think miners will not try to defraud a portion of that when they make only $6k? They obviously will. And I think at $6k revenue for providing $50b of throughput, chances of fraud aren't unrealistic, either.
@_date: 2014-05-16 20:52:14
Great point!
@_date: 2014-04-27 21:19:16
Sure but they all have quite a high spread. e.g. Safello (not Dutch, but started by a Dutch person and available in the Netherlands) has a €20 bid/ask spread right now. Bitonic is a pretty similar story, as are all others. Once volume increases, this can go down, which is what Coinbase has managed. 
So unless you want to use an actual exchange like Kraken (which is awesome), you won't get a great price, which immediately challenges some of bitcoin's unique selling points. (low cost).
Fortunately the buy rates aren't too bad, it's usually just the sell rates that suck. Bitonic buy rate is only 2-5 euros above the exchange rate generally, so about 1%, similar to e.g. Coinbase.


Well you can actually use Coinbase wallets as a non-US citizen. You can deposit and withdraw and use it for payments etc, just like any other wallet, you just can't buy or sell them for fiat.
@_date: 2014-02-24 17:51:46
Could you explain? Neo has commented they do full reserve banking, combined with all their funds being verifiable on the blockchain, that's a pretty good proof of reserve, no?
@_date: 2014-05-18 09:39:24
Bitcoin regulation is shorthand for regulation of bitcoin companies. Let me know if you actually hear of someone talking about regulating bitcoin itself, like giving government administrators write-rights on the core github repo, I think you'll be hard pressed to find anyone who even understands it a little bit say something like this. The vast majority of users and regulators and debaters understands the distinction.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:42:06
Feel free to refer me to that, the insurance worker coming forward as one, and agreeing with you that is.
All I've seen is you discussing this with someone who said your interpretation is wrong, i.e. Coinbase's insurance policy is fine, their liability to you the end user might me limited, but he and I have basically covered that, which is that it's a ridiculous notion that they'd not pay out. Again read my bit about how a VC company is ran. This isn't some shady company looking to cash out after 2 years after a company theft. This is a company insuring its custodial funds for its customers with every intention to pay them out, because the customers are the company lifeblood, and the liquidity that customers provide by keeping funds with Coinbase is what creates their business.
You're basically putting up a ridiculous contention that Coinbase wouldn't pay out the insurance for their customers, something I could award with 2014's worst business decision.
And beyond that, I also think the legal position is extremely flaky. This is a standard legal copy/paste on regular liabilities. Legal speak on liabilities is always absurdly broad 'any circumstance, any fee, any damage' etc. Not only do these things rarely hold up in court, but they're also rarely enforced by businesses when it'd create a gigantic PR issue, just completely murder any brand value and cause an exodus of customers away from the company, especially when it's at no cost to the company, as the savior is a third-party insurer who's paying for all the damages.
Lastly, consider the following. If you agree that Coinbase is insured, but simply disagree on whether they'll pay it out to the customers... Coinbase is a custodial account. What that means is that there are all kinds of legal protections that overrule any TOS (TOS terms are very frequently overruled or voided in the court of law) because they still are indebted to you as the custodian, they are still responsible for returning any money they are keeping for you. Look at Mt. Gox, just because a theft happened, doesn't mean they go free. There are still creditors to the company, and any company funds left will go to these creditors. Meaning if they were insured, all users would have gotten their money back, because beyond 'damages' (which are company damages, not user damages), the custodial responsibility of funds to the customers who are creditors in this case, still exists.
@_date: 2014-05-01 14:47:41
Yes, bitcoin and nuclear launch codes and all bank security, all email passwords, all company security etc etc.
In short, everything that can be bruteforced would be completely fucked. 
But it's a bit like fusion energy that's been an idea since 1920, it's fucking hard to do and it's unlikely to happen anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-05-06 18:44:54


lol, what? Let's look at the world's biggest market... Europe! It's fucking easy to buy bitcoin here as we not only have a ton of exchanges, but SEPA payments which for a lot of us are free and super fast. That's because by law these international transactions are not allowed to cost more than a transaction within the same country.
So I've literally been verified in 1-2 days at Kraken, have always had same-day deposits/withdraws (although 1-2 days is more customary), I've never paid anything for a deposit or withdrawal, neither to my bank nor to Kraken, and I buy bitcoin extremely easily.
Besides this I regularly buy bitcoin at Bitonic. No verification required, use my bank's online banking payments to pay for it, fees are a fraction of a percent. My first ever bitcoin purchase took 30 seconds or so, not kidding at all.
I mean I can go on, but in short, don't assume buying bitcoin outside the US is shit. It's not perfect or great everywhere, but in many places it's a lot better than the US.
That having been said keep up the great work! :D
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:34:14
That's pretty sick man... 
@_date: 2014-05-01 07:27:44
Rhetoric matters, do you think anyone is going to sit in a class where the teacher calls them basic bitches if they disagree with something he's teaching, right at the start of the course? It's stupid, it's childish, it's not productive. You can call your friends a basic bitch in jest and then explain something to them, but to put a video out there for the world, wanting to explain bitcoin to people who obviously don't know much about it yet, and call them basic bitches right away... that's just stupid. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:45:34
Probably the part where Mt. Gox switched from being AML/KYC compliant after it wasn't and BTC-E never did.
But hey, it's not like Liberty Reserve got brutally shut down because of a lack of KYC/AML compliance even when they were fully offshore. Oh wait...
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:24:32
Not really... credibility for what? There have been ETFs for the strangest things. If an ETF goes through all it means is that there was some demand for it (already shows with a market worth billions) and was approved and not deemed illegal (already shows with the US government auctioning off bitcoin, it'd never auction drugs or confiscated organs.)
If suddenly entire pension funds, wealth managers, stock traders, university endowment funds, put 0.05% of their portfolio in bitcoin because all they have to do is click a button on the interfaces they've used for years to trade on the NASDAQ and it skyrockets to $100b+, then yes it'd be a massive event. But whether that happens remains to be seen.
@_date: 2014-03-04 12:58:27
Also try their bitcointalk topic.
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:42:21
Consult a lawyer for sure.
In general, there's I think 2 states in which money transmission doesn't require a license at all for anyone (e.g. paypal or bitcoin). Then there's a few states, I think Texas, which say bitcoin isn't money so a license isn't required. (check this). Then there's tons of states who've said nothing and practically you can temporarily get away with it most likely (e.g. Coinbase has no license in all states either) but long-term it's not feasible and it's the worst way to handle legal things. The right way is to check state-by-state with a lawyer and consult the authorities for their position.
In general there's a few differences in when you become a transmitter. I don't know it by heart, but the gist of it is that if you sell from your own hot wallet, you're not transmitting money from one person to the other between states and all that. You're more of a vending machine. But if you use the ATM as an exchange interface (i.e. someone buys bitcoin from someone else somewhere else) then you're transmitting money between them, so you are a transmitter.
This distinction isn't extremely clear and isn't sure to hold up everywhere, but that's a potential thing to look into to reduce your liabilities.
Again REALLY check with a lawyer, especially if you're going to buy a $15k ATM. Also reach out to other ATM owners and talk to them. Lastly, talk to the ATM seller, they generally have information on this or can refer you to lawyers or ATM owners who might know.
@_date: 2014-07-01 09:10:38
Start creating some sloppy wallets on your computer (with new and old encryption) and monitor them. You should be able to figure out what's happening, now, where and when. (e.g. if there's a keylogger).
Also, you can snoop on your own internet. So you can turn off all internet-connected software, then do your bitcoin stuff, and monitor what is being sent from your computer and where to.
Lastly I really know it sucks but yes, cold storage is the way. It really is the only safe thing to do, and if you're doing anything above $500 that you don't need immediate access to, it's really the only way. Also I'd consider keeping a dedicated machine for work. i.e. this machine doesn't download movies, games, doesn't browse forums and tries out random miner software. All this machine does is open an SSL connection with cryptsy and trade, if that's what you do for work. (what does your company do?) and nothing else. Limit the points of failure and do all your fun stuff on a different device. Consider using things like Tails OS as a one-time OS that leaves no trace, to log in and use a browser for example. 
@_date: 2014-10-25 12:06:58
Absolutely, there's tons of countries that have large denominations. Look at Japan for example, third largest country in the world by GDP, where you buy a loaf of bread for 175 yen or a kilo of tomatoes for 600 yen or 100k yen per month to rent a small apartment.
These numbers are very natural for hundreds of millions of people. 
Meanwhile, I don't know of any country or culture that has ever gravitated towards use of 3-4 decimals for every day prices. Whenever we do that, we simply change the size. (e.g. we don't talk about diamond prices on a per kilo basis, we denote the price in carats which is just 0.2 grams, so that we don't have to deal with lots of leading zeros).
Virtually the entire world gravitates away from using lots of leading zeros.
As for bitcoin? If it fails, who cares about leading zeros. But if it succeeds, the price will inevitably have to rise, which means denominations of prices, say a loaf of bread, will become smaller and smaller in bitcoin. Meaning we might go from 4 leading zeros to 6 or 7, who knows. The problem becomes worse and worse over time.
But if we use bits, we go from 1000 bits to 10 bits or 1 bit. Any of these numbers make a lot more sense. You might even say it becomes easier and easier over time.
@_date: 2014-04-22 11:33:52
That was exactly my point, it's not literally zero or a lot. It's more like Myspace (which is dying a slow death) or Facebook.
We have to look at it in a context, who has been mainly saying this? Mostly VCs, actually. Now a lot of people are saying it. But it were mostly VCs, and that's how they evaluate things. Something like Myspace to a VC is 'zero', in terms of being a disruptive game changer that VCs tend to want to invest in, even if they still have millions of users.
And I'm an entrepreneur and my company is dying a slow death, expecting to switch to a new venture or get a job within a year ;) Still paying the bills more than adequately though.
@_date: 2014-07-14 15:15:20


Aah, sorry. Fair point.


So in short, the risk that attack incentives outpace security incentives.
Agreed. But, we have to check some of the premises. Firstly there's the premise that the price will rise indefinitely. And secondly we'd have to know the source of that price rise. And lastly, we'd have to evaluate if the price rise is so significant that it makes bitcoin insecure. 
So the first point: the price rise, I think it will continue indefinitely, but not on any large pace. This has to do with the second point, which is the source of the price rise. The quantity theory of money shows this quite well which in most simple terms is basically an equation of supply and demand of money, including velocity of money as a factor.
So in short, say I want to transfer $20 billion dollars to you. I could if I wanted buy $16b of bitcoin, send it to you, and you sell it. Now you have $16b. The problem is there are only $8b of bitcoins. So it'd require me to buy all the bitcoins in the world, then send it to you, then you sell them, then I buy them again from everyone, and send the bitcoins again. The bitcoin velocity is now 2x, each bitcoin was moved twice. As you can imagine, this creates a gigantic demand for bitcoin and the price rises. In short, if I want to do X amount of trade using Y amount of tokens, then if I increase X without increasing Y, then the value of X has to increase, or the velocity. So, if I want to trade 50x more value than bitcoin trades today, yet only use the 13m bitcoin tokens we have, then bitcoin has to be valued 50x more, or each bitcoin has to move around and exchange hands (velocity) 50x faster.
Now we know that these two factors are limited. Velocity of a digital asset can be faster than e.g. a paper dollar, but not that much. At the end of the day there are limits, both to the network, as well as to human behavior. (we don't earn and spend all our money 10x a day, we earn it once a month, spend it gradually, and save some for months or years. The velocity of this money is pretty low and bitcoin won't suddenly change this behavior).
So velocity is limited. Might be twice as fast than paper dollars, but limited. And tokens are limited, too, to 21m at some point.
So why would the price rise according to the quantity theory of money? Well the price would rise if trade volume of bitcoin increases. In other words, that which incurs transaction fees, will become more prevalent as the price rises. Which means that there are actually economic fundamentals (in theory, at least), that would cause miner revenues to increase as the price of bitcoin rises, too. 
Now of course there are some factors beyond transaction volume in the long run, in particular the store of money. But again, the storage of bitcoin isn't secured by mining, and can't be stolen through an attack. But indeed it might cause the price of bitcoin to rise a bit faster than just purely the factors of supply/demand for tokens when transaction volume rises.
Which leads me to the last point: will the pace of attack-rewards outpace security-rewards to the extent necessary. After all, if it costs $100 to attack and gain $110, while security incentives are $500, then even if attacking incentives of $10 grow by 2% a year, and security incentives only grow by 1% a year, it'd take centuries for the $10 attacking profit to outpace the $500. It's a bit of a silly example, but the point is that bitcoin is considered at the moment overly secure. In that, there is about $30m of daily bitcoin liquidity around. If you could do a 51% attack it would cost you a few hundred million dollars. And instead of opting to use that power to legitimately mine a few hundred million dollars and some, you try to double-spend the bitcoin. The double-spend is immediately visible to all nodes, if it's a significant amount (say a few million dollars) then the price of bitcoin immediately plummets as people lose faith in the currency. Exchanges temporarily shut down and stop processing money, because they're at risk of paying out dollars for bitcoins sent to them which may be double-spent a little later. You might get away with this for a few hours. Your mining equipment quickly loses value as block rewards in dollar amounts plummet. You likely leave a huge trail, as in if you try to double-spend a deposit to an exchange, they know whose identity received these coins, and thus they can trace it back to you. Untraceable off-ramps of bitcoin barely exist in any large volume, so you might be able to move a few thousand or few hundred thousand dollars, at the expense of hundreds of millions in mining equipment losing value. 
So in short, the information I have now would lead me to predict this:
Over the long term (not now, now it's all hype/media) the price of bitcoin correlates with transaction volume due to the quantity theory of money. This transaction volume will create the miner revenues necessary to protect these transactions Beyond this, the price of bitcoin also rises as bitcoin is used as a store of value which creates fewer miner revenues, but this extra attacking-incentive (due to a higher bitcoin price) can be soaked up because the network is way more secure than it needs to be. And lastly, if ever the two start to get close (incentive to attack starts to close in on incentive to secure) it's very probably that those who use bitcoin as a store of value leave the system, while those who use it as a network continue. Again I don't think it'll get to this, but if it does, there's a way to continue bitcoin as a network primarily without it being a major store of value. That could indeed mean that the value of bitcoin caps at some point, but that cap will be way bigger than what it is today so it would still be a powerful network.
Anyway it's a great point. :) Definitely adding it to my 'risk-list'. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:06:11
I don't follow, could you ELI5 it for me?
So the idea would be that a customer holds keys to some inputs, but only half of them. A commonly trusted party (e.g. Google) holds the other half and runs a service to detect if the customer signs a transaction with these inputs with his keys. Google then checks to see if it has already signed a transaction (e.g. in the past 30 minutes) with those inputs, if not it'll sign it with its keys, if so, it'll refuse to sign the transaction. It shouldn't really matter how many confirmations anything has, right? So one transaction (the one google detects first) is signed, the other isn't signed, so one of the two transactions never gets fully signed and broadcasted and as such, merchants and miners will ignore it.
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:03:34
Wait until you just walk into a starbucks, the guy give you your usual drink as he greets you by your first name and you walk out, auto-paid.
(  )
Bitcoin would make this type of stuff that much easier.
@_date: 2014-08-06 18:18:38
Thanks buddy that's really helpful! So they SMS you a link where you can either login or send it to an address (with a pincode if necessary). Cool stuff! 
@_date: 2014-04-18 18:59:45
No clue. The person pooling the money would have to have some credibility and have to present a plan which the community agrees to by donating btc to make the purchase. That plan could merely be to redirect to bitcoin.org. The foundation isn't perfect, not official, may not be there forever, but so far I think their website is a pretty friendly introduction to bitcoin so I personally wouldn't mind. 
@_date: 2014-11-29 21:36:04
I think that's reasonable, yes. Whether it'll happen nobody knows, but it's certainly not an unreasonable scenario.
We're now looking at months of a stable price while you have 11% inflation (bitcoin mining) of the money supply. That means supply is roughly equal to demand as the price is pretty stable.
If you look at trade volume of bitcoin, about 0.5 to 1% of bitcoins are actually traded on an exchange, the rest are stored or used for payments. That's similar to gold (a $8 trillion dollar market with $16 trillion in exchange volume yearly means roughly 0.5% of all gold is traded daily). 
So if you have 11% inflation, let's say roughly 1% per month, and only a small fraction of bitcoins are actually traded on an exchange (including mined coins), then you can get a sense that mining is a pretty big factor in price. And so it's likely that when we get a 50% reduction in mining in just 1.5 years or so, we'll see some upwards price pressure. And the second 50% will occur within the decade. Meaning inflation will be cut by 75% within the next 6 years.
Considering the price is pretty stable now with supply about the same as demand, what happens if you cut off 75% of the new money supply which is partially fueling the supply on the market? I think some upwards price pressure will surely happen.
Beyond that argument, there's the notion of aggregate supply and demand. Bitcoin inflation is 11% per year now. But what about demand? Well if you look at wallets, we have less than 10 million. We probably have about 3-5 million bitcoin users. If you look at popular technologies like radio, phone, tv or internet networks, or social networks like facebook, or network protocols like email, we see very rapid growth and in open and permissionless systems we often see larger (proprietary) businesses and economies build on top of it. (like Mac's Os X is built on top of open source Unix, or Android built on Linux). These are things that can rapidly grow and scale to hundreds of millions of people. If we look at the venture capital we see half a billion dollars pouring in to bitcoin companies, and if you look at some costs to acquire customer rates of popular tech companies, that can get you tens of millions of users alone and this investment happens every year. Coinbase and Blockchain.info show 6-10% growth per month in wallets. We see rapid merchant growth, transaction growth.
In short my point is that all we need to do is beat less than 1% of extra supply monthly from mining, in new demand, for the price to grow. And if we look at historical, similar technologies, look at investments made into the space, and the growth of current bitcoin companies, we're easily outpacing 1% growth. And if you look at the fact that we have maybe 3-5m users today, and could have 50m by 2021, who are all more active and use bitcoin more than the average user today, then your pricepoint isn't unreasonable.
Will it happen? Who knows, but it's not unreasonable imo.
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:06:10
Haha yeah I'm already freaked out by people with bluetooth earplugs who talk on the phone hands-free. 
'Is this guy talking to me? wtf? ... oooh, oh ok.'
@_date: 2014-10-16 18:13:58
I can teach a 10 year old to create a cold wallet address using nothing but dice and a few minutes of time that can't be hacked.
How the hell you weren't able to do that, is beyond me. Running a bitcoin company with that level of security is ridiculous and I'm glad to see you fail sooner than later, because it was clearly inevitable.
Sorry for everyone's loss regardless. Although to be frank, I don't believe one word of it as it's such a silly story. From the usage of a hot wallet where you send all funds insecurely, to a thief contacting you for ransom after having just stolen everything.
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:55:46
It's big news, just not for Bitcoin or its price.
It's just one of the many bitcoin companies that already stopped functioning and was already known to not be returning any of the funds. In that regard, it doesn't affect the bitcoin protocol or price.
It's good to have things officially known though.
@_date: 2014-06-12 00:08:41
Just to add to this, SecondMarket's BIT and Pantera both have about 100m each invested by a few hundred investors in total. Those are guys almost exclusively betting on bitcoin tokens as an investment class, and not at all investing in companies like Coinbase or Bitpay. So buying bitcoin is very much like buying a stock in a very early days (1m users, for something that can have 100m - 1b users) startup, which is what a lot of 'big money' is doing, too. So congrats, if you buy bitcoin, you're already doing what most rich people can and are doing in the bitcoin space.
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:36:01
Nobody ever said there is no governing body. There is a governing body in a free market to enforce rules unrelated to the market. For example, it's not legal to rape and murder another person in a free market. Those are crimes that have nothing to do with business. And interestingly, theft, also has nothing to do with trade or business. Theft is the opposite of a free market where individuals through their own voluntary choice engage in mutual trades.
@_date: 2014-04-15 11:46:32
Exactly. Bitcoin doesn't have the luxury of being value just because it's scarce, because there are 500 other scarce altcoins and you can computationally fork a million different blockchains and call them scarce, too. Bitcoin, like everything else that doesn't have gold's unique position in human history, needs applications, adoption and usage to make them valuable.
@_date: 2014-05-03 09:30:48
I'm not saying they ought to, I'm saying it's expected. As in, we all expect a government to look into e.g. bitcoin if it becomes popular. In other words, this doesn't come as a surprise.
@_date: 2014-09-13 14:24:19
It's not a very relevant question. 
The reason is, if bitcoin succeeds, then it'll do it because the protocol works so well that bitcoin companies are offering Paypal in an easier and cheaper and more accessible manner. If that happens, in the medium term (5-10 years) Paypal will be outcompeted and it'll be forced to switch.
If bitcoin fails to create these benefits, then Paypal will never have any reason to offer bitcoin services, and won't.
In other words, it's really a matter of whether bitcoin's core protocol design is good enough. If it is, I don't doubt the 500m in VC funding will attract the talent and entrepreneurship to force Paypal's hand. 
So that's the core question. And I think bitcoin does have what it takes, so that's why I do expect Paypal to do so at some point, perhaps within 2-3 years will we see Paypal add digital assets to its offering (including bitcoin). But that has nothing to do with Paypal.
The point is that Paypal is not spending any money to send money. All they change is some internal number in their centralized accounting. There's no incentive for them to suddenly put this on a public ledger that I can think of. The only reason they'd participate is if there's enough consumer demand and if they saw stagnant or negative growth on their platform because companies like Circle were attracting users en masse. But that's a very steep hill to climb, Paypal has 150m users, is growing and very healthy, and has lots of growth in mobile ahead. But they also look ahead, and Braintree (its main developer/R&amp;D/experimental branch) is making its first foray in exploring the ecosystem, that's promising.
@_date: 2014-12-13 14:43:17
It's not, it looks like a permanent move. Changetip for example clearly and explicitly states their 0% fee is a promotion until date X, which they pushed forward to next year, they didn't remove if. Bitpay didn't do that, they fully removed the fee.
They can do it because customers pay transaction fees. It's 100% free to receive money. And we already have 0% fee exchanges. It's a trivial cost for them to process payments, which is why they see themselves as a SaaS company, which generally follows a free model with enterprise options.
 e.g. Skype is free because it's very cheap for them to do data transfer when you yourself pay for the internet network you use and the computer hardware you use (like you pay for bitcoin transactions you send, pay for the internet network you use, and the phone you send it from). Their cost is just a few servers running software. But while Skype makes a few hundred million in revenue off of customers, Lync, Microsoft's enterprise solution to Skype, makes about $2 billion. It's no different from Gmail or Dropbox which are free SaaS companies with advertising or enterprise monetization models.
In short, Bitpay's 0% is not temporary.
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:16:55
Haha :D
Man $200 would be amazing. I'm hopefully going to move into a tiny little 1-bedroom apartment next month that'll cost $1200 a month. Hopefully, because realistically the landlord could get $1600+ for that, cross your fingers, I should hear the news by Monday :)
@_date: 2014-05-05 16:20:59
You're expecting purely rational actors, that's not necessarily how the system works. A lot of human decisions are about psychology. Tipping 50 cents of airmiles is a no brainer, tipping 50 cents in real life is something a ton of people don't like to do.


Indeed, they're forms of money, but some forms of money are less usable or require more hassle to use. Again, air miles are something a lot of people have and don't spend because they just don't care using a convoluted system, or don't want the limited items they can get with airmiles. A lot of people would be willing to give them away in return for thanks and praise from a community. But with money you can spend anywhere, like dollars, that willingness declines.
By the way, I think it's interesting to consider the bitcoin early days and compare it to Dogecoin today, it's very similar. 2009, 2010, 2011. Gavin Andresen gave away about $10m worth of bitcoin (in today's money) back then. There were bitcoin faucets, places you could get 1 bitcoin for free. People were sending each other thousands of bitcoins and having fun with it. I think the fact that tipping and giving / sharing has decreased is testament to the fact people started to see bitcoin more and more as 'real money'. I don't necessarily think that this is a good thing, just trying to explain it. I think in a few years from now if dogecoin is around, it'll be much less used for random tipping of small comments like 'Hi guys, how is the love today' with ten people sending him 25 dogecoin afterwards. Bitcoin had that too years ago. Perhaps that can be explained with inflation, Bitcoin had 100% and 50% inflation in the first two years. Dogecoin also has massive inflation, it makes people give it away because there's so much coin coming in and so few places to spend it. And registering at an exchange and exchanging a few dollars for bitcoin isn't something many do, especially when the doge community isn't very much into bitcoin in general.


You're welcome! I appreciate such words much more than a few cents of bitcoin :) Thanks. I don't know anything but just trying to give some ideas.
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:04:32
No, not with that card. And in general, it's not easy, it's really risky as you can make profit by spending a few thousand bucks on a mining rig, and there have been thousands of being who lost money because the rigs arrived late, damaged or not working (properly). So yeah, gotto do a ton of research before you do anything. Let me put it like that, if someone asked me the question you did, and I had to bet on whether that person would lose money or earn money, I'd bet on losing. Because it's really easy to lose money in mining because there's so much risk and uncertainty with purchase of mining equipment at the moment, so you really need to know the game, have the right supplier contacts, understand the legal framework, understand hashrate trends and electricity prices etc before you commit any money. 
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:44:06


The piece you quoted was just for the sake of example.
But the question is valid. The answer? I really don't know, it's very hard to know for sure. One interesting statistic is that there are only 3 million addresses that hold any amount of bitcoin. (and some of those addresses only hold pennies). Meaning that if you were to assume at minimum 1 address per person, there are rather few bitcoin users.
Of course that assumption isn't valid. For example, Coinbase has 1.8 million wallets and they likely only have thousands of addresses, because they pool funds from many users onto a few cold-storage addresses. In other words, the 3 million addresses with bitcoin on them, might be shared by many more users.
Personally I think a quick n dirty calculation we can do is add up wallets. We probably have 7-8 million wallets or something in total. And then slap some sensible number on that, e.g. that on average a bitcoin user opened 5 wallets. Some open just 1, some open up 20. That would put the number of bitcoin users at something like 1.5m. I'd say the most conservative number is probably around 750k or something, an optimistic figure would probably put it around 4m realistically.
And you can probably look at wallet growth and find out how many there were in say 2013. If you accept the assumption that an average user has 5 wallets today, it's likely the average user had 5 wallets in 2013, too. So if wallets exploded by 100% in 2014, then you can simply take today's wallets, half them, and then apply the 1 in 5 rule to get to users. Counting wallets is something we've got quite a bit of information on. e.g. Coinbase has 1.8m, Blockchain.info had 2.7m. It looks like there's about a 2.2x increase in wallets or so over 2014.
But it's really hard to say anything for sure :-/ But I'd probably put the number at 200k Jan 1st 2013, 600k Jan 1st 2014, 1.5m Jan 1st 2015. Something like that.
@_date: 2014-09-29 12:41:10
Haha! On a related note, I think I recall, I think it was Naval Ravikant from Angelist, say that when he started to look at the ecosystem, the first thing he considered was building a program to generate addresses from well known keys (like bible passages or pop songs) and sweep them. But before spending time on this experiment, he simply created an address from some word like 'michael jackson' and sent it $5, and just seconds later it was already gone haha, making it clear to him someone was already doing this. Let me know if you want me to try to find the video. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 23:57:17
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:16:27


What do you mean with outdated internet that's unable to use bitcoin? How does that look?
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:40:23
Similar comment to the one I made here:
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:10:00
guess it wasn't *really* locked after all, huh.
@_date: 2014-10-16 09:51:43
Pretty much.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:20:54


Alright let me ask you these things:
* Liberty Reserve, look it up. It's gone now. Do you think it had a better or worse chance of being shut down if it complied with regulation? I think you'll agree that in general, companies that comply with regulation are less likely to be shut down than companies that don't. BTC-E is definitely one that has relatively fewer compliance than other major exchanges. I hope you'll agree that it's therefore more likely to be shut down compared to exchanges that do more to comply. Not a certainty, just more likely, you'll agree hopefully.
* Say you have two groups of 10 people. Both groups are sent 1 billion dollars every year. One group is unknown and anonymous, nobody knows who they are or where they are located, the other group appears publicly on the internet, speaks at conferences, their names are known and they are registered in the UK. Which is more likely to steal any portion of that 1 billion annual money going through their hands, the former or the latter? I'm sure you'll also agree, in general, it would be the former. You'll understand I was describing BTC-E.
Now I'm not saying BTC-E will steal all coins tomorrow or be shut down tomorrow. But if you challenge the proposition that its weaker compliance and anonimity don't make it less safe then you really remind me of people sending money to Mt. Gox days before it shut down because they were willing to throw common sense out the window because of convenience or short-term gains.
I'll agree with you, no need to trust anyone. But I hope you'll also agree, some parties are less trustworthy than others. And I hope you'll also agree that even if you trust nobody, it doesn't protect you 100%. Look at Mt. Gox. Did a lack of trust matter when your funds could suddenly not be withdrawn? Do you think Mt. Gox, if it survived its failures, would have been here 5 years from now if it had the same weak compliance as BTC-E. Do you think Mark would be in deep shit if he was anonymous from the start, or do you think Mt. Gox would not have disappeared with your coin if nobody knew who Mark Karpeles was? 
@_date: 2014-04-28 12:08:44
I don't particularly see the value of sponsoring an athlete at this point. I'd rather sponsor a promising bitcoin startup. Or sponsor e.g. a family in Kenya to adopt bitcoin in their community or for remittance, to prove a usecase, or sponsor merchants by pledging business to whoever accepts bitcoin. I think the dogecar story is fun for the cryptocommunity, outside that I don't expect it to have much value (apart from a bit of first-time novelty that journalists like to cover)
@_date: 2014-05-20 01:07:15
No. If they could predict when the price rises, they'd fucking buy bitcoin and sell it later, not start a company.
They start a company because they believe in the need for the product, which is 'value-over-ip', just like we have voice-over-ip (skype), as well as video (youtube, netflix), music, instant messaging, news etc. They see the notion of sending money on the internet as a utility the world needs, so they built a company to do just that. It doesn't at all fit within some orchestrated investment into the price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-04 00:43:16
Wow, lol. This is laughable. Is this news?
First of all, they got some 'futurist' on who didn't say anything other than 'you can use airmiles to pay for stuff, that's amazing!', kept getting cut off due to delays, most horribly at the end. 
Then they went to the oompa loompa army in front of huge fucking screens with powerpoint presentations on them, which showed a selection of completely uninformed morons on twitter giving 1-sentence statements on something they didn't understand without providing any reasoning, arguments, context or even credentials that would give their words and meaning or weight.
How can people watch this and not get dumber? 
I mean, holy shit. How can half of a news item today be showing comments like 'do u really want a world with no viable currency and identity theft and hackers?' Guess what we have today...
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:27:04
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:01:01
Look, this guy is spot on. He doesn't anywhere say bitcoin can't be disruptive in the long term or that it's expensive or that it's funny money or illegal. He's saying that right now, there's no infrastructure on the receivers end. And that's absolutely correct. 
A person in rural India who is not litterate, much less computer-litterate, has no toilet, electricity system in the home much less an internet connection is not someone who benefits from bitcoin right now. That's all he's saying and it's 100% correct. 
That person can however jump on an uncle's moped, drive to the nearest big city and obtain rupees that her son in the UK sent back home via Western Union.
Now, if anyone thinks bitcoin can do otherwise PLEASE state a clear roadmap. I'm *hugely* interested in this. I'm very optimistic that bitcoin can be a solution, but we need to develop a roadmap and develop the infrastructure. It takes time, it takes good ideas and some mistakes. The worst thing we can do is have a one-way polemic with a CEO of western union on reddit, putting words in his mouth and making him to be a bad guy spreading FUD.
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:25:40
Would've been sweet. Now feel free to show some kind of proof at all.
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:38:28
Lots of people don't have access to a bank account. Their alternative is cash. Want to make a payment for your electricity or your phone bill? You'll have to drive to their regional office if they even have one, and deliver cash, if it's even an option. If not, you'll want to send a moneyorder, it's just $2 to pay your $40 phonebill, 5%. That's a lot of money, imagine you had to live with a 5% tax. There's a reason we're moving away from cash, it's because electronic payments are easier. But while cash is open to all, electronic payments are closed to those who have bank accounts, and not everyone can get them. (look at the excellent mini-documentary Spent: looking for change on youtube)  But bitcoin offers electronic payments using an open protocol that anyone can use. Beyond that it's cheaper and faster, too.
Does that mean everyone should be using bitcoin right now? No. That's not really the case I'm making here. In fact I would advise a lot of people (particularly vulnerable ones) to stay away from bitcoin right now particularly because it's risky, requires a lot of effort and isn't even cheap and easy in some cases. I'm just talking long-term here: digital payments are going to be better than physical payments, no question, and a solid open payment network is more fair and inclusive than a closed one (not better necessarily, but at least more fair and inclusive), no question. 
At the end of the day bitcoin isn't such an amazing improvement in the developed world. I'm in the Netherlands, I can pay and receive money for free, instantly, virtually any amount, to people hundreds of miles away, and my bank account costs something like $20 per year. I'm not going out of my way to use bitcoin in my daily life. But billions of people don't have access to such a financial system. The best they have is making in-person payments with a crap currency, little security, and big limitations and costs when receiving or sending money over longer distances than the length of their own arm. For them bitcoin could soon be an interesting idea. Look at Kenya for example, 70% of the country's payments are done using Mpesa, a form of electronic money sent with featurephones. But its average inflation has been 15% or so the past 6 years or so. That means you would've lost more than half of your money in the past few years. And if you want to send $6 with Mpesa, say to pay for a week of school tuition, it costs you about 10% for the transaction. It's absolute shit, yet Kenya &amp; Mpesa are considered a huge success, a leading example for much of Africa, because many other countries are in an even worse condition. But with bitcoin you could, using Bitreserve, peg the value to the dollar for 0.45%, hold it for years at low inflation, and spend it completely for free, without needing a bank account or whatever. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:41:04


Anyway... There's one person to blame for the loss, and that's Mark. Then there's another person to blame for trusting Mark, and that's the users. But let's separate these two things. No user caused Mark to keep the coins unsecured, that was him. This reminds me of people who say 'Oh you got robbed? Shouldn't have walked around at 1 AM after having 3 beers, it's your fault you are to blame', or worse 'Oh you got raped, shouldn't have worn makeup'. It's ridiculous. Yes, we can all take a degree of personal responsibility, no doubt about it, but let's not forget who is to blame for the theft. 
But again don't look at me, I never sent Mt. Gox a dime.
@_date: 2014-06-24 07:37:23
I think in 10 years, around the time when block rewards need to be seriously replaced by tx fees, the idea of an 8 megabit/s rate is going to be pretty trivial. Especially as it'd only be necessary if bitcoin really takes off, at which point we'll see professional nodes being used akin to e.g. youtube servers worldwide that carry way more traffic streaming 4k video than some bytes describing a tx ever could.
Check out Nielsen's law. It's held up quite well so far, at a 50% growth rate per year, that's 58x in 10 years. Given we only use about 1/7th of today's block size, we can scale by about 400x without making any extra real investments in networking. As in, we'd need to reinvest in new networking, but it wouldn't cost any more annually than we spent in e.g. 2013 on networking hardware. (and today's bitcoin networking investments are pretty puny, probably a few million dollars per year. If you spend that amount in 2024, that network can handle 400x as much just as easily as today)
@_date: 2014-12-11 13:07:58
Much more than I expected. I'd assume revenue is a different story, but I always thought it was something low like 5% and below, but it may actually be in the 15-20% range.
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:51:57
Oh I'd gladly pay 10% finders' fee for anyone who recovers the other 90% of my money (if I had any at Mt. Gox) if the alternative was to get nothing.
But that's not true. What they're proposing is taking $10m upfront. Even if they find nothing, they get this money. This isn't their money. In fact, it's not even Mt. Gox's money to sell. Mt. Gox has debts, so it can't simply use its money or money held in custody of others and 'sell' the money to a private entity. (Which could be his wife, for example. See how ridiculous that would be? It's not supposed to be up to him to sell liquid assets below its value)
The real alternative is that you get a party that only takes a percentage to recover fees. This way they're incentivized to actually find as much money as possible. (as opposed to getting $10m, and being incentivized to spend as little time and money as possible so that you can continue enjoying your fucking $10m). This percentage fee would be low because different companies would make offers and it'd compete down the price. This leaves more money for those who actually own it.
But all of this should happen AFTER the money that is clearly liquid has been given back to their owners. These is clearly a lot of liquid money, dollars, in a bank, and clear creditors who had fiat with Mt. Gox. This should be cleared straight away. After this, private companies can make bids to try and recover the less obvious assets, in particular the bitcoin.
And all of this should be completely unrelated to the fact Mark Karpeles still hasn't AT ALL explained what happened. Were keys lost, were bitcoins stolen, what was the scenario, the timeframe in which shit hit the fan, which addresses are confirmed to be Mt. Gox's prior to the theft etc. It's a mystery to me why this person is not facing any kind of serious criminal investigation. All I hear is about trying to restart or liquidate Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:17:31
I don't disagree personally, I don't use Coinbase, just correcting mistakes.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:22:43
I don't see your point. I'm an adult and use bitcoin. 
Now you'll agree with me, every thing people stand for is because of some characteristics. For example, there are NGOs that buy food that's rich in energy so they can provide it in disaster-struck areas to people who are underfed. They're looking specifically for low-cost high-energy foods. So if you go to them and try to sell them some overpriced low-calorie foodstuff, you're essentially spitting in their face. 
That's how this works, too. Less than 1% of businesses accept bitcoin. Those that do, do this because they either support the ecosystem or want more customers or both. So to then create a product (bitcoin payments) that's completely opposite to the spirit of bitcoin (low-cost) by charging $6 for a transaction, yup I'd say you're spitting in the face of your customers. It's stupid.
Sure you can argue I'm exaggerating, but I hope you'll see that 'spitting in the face' is meant figuratively, not literally, in that they essentially offer a product to enthusiasts of a new low-cost payment system and then say 'fuck those customer values' charge a high cost. That's not the way to treat a customer base.
@_date: 2014-05-15 12:05:12
They used a Dutch saying to describe the answers which loosely translates to 'unknown is unloved' and said it could be radically different in a few years.
And another study a few months ago showed this. People who confessed they understood bitcoin liked it more than people who didn't. Which shares similar properties with many other (technical) things like computers or even things like gay people. Once you know and understand something, you can appreciate it more than that which is alien.
Which can't be said about e.g. our banking system, the more one understands the more it's disliked.
@_date: 2014-05-17 10:29:14
Thanks. I can't fathom why an NDA would be needed for something like this, but it's good to have an answer :)
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:11:57
Oh absolutely, it's very possible to cover your tracks quite well. But at the end of the day, this doesn't change that there was a set of addresses where 850k bitcoins were stored right before they were lost/stolen. It also doesn't change the fact that someone must have sent these funds away from these last addresses and could only do it with the private keys. So Mt. Gox customers at least deserve to know these two things:
- Which addresses were part of that set
- How were the private keys managed/stored to those addresses, who knew these keys besides Karp.
@_date: 2014-04-30 18:29:28
Hehe yeah it was pretty obvious as it's something talked about for decades. If you have an open, digital, permissionless, programmable financial system where there is near zero-cost of transactions, a lot of things are possible.
Look up Mike Hearn (+bitcoin) and you'll find at least 2-3 videos in which he talks about this. Things like autonomous corporations (basically take Google's self-driving electric car, give it 100 bitcoins, tell it to drive to an wireless electricity station to recharge the batteries and pay with bitcoin, then drive to anywhere its paid to. (e.g. you and I use an app to signal local cars and pay say 1 bitcoin, the car arrives, you get in, you put the bitcoin in escrow, the car registers it, drives you to the destination, the software automatically pays the car from the escrow once it arrives etc. The car makes money, it buys another car and installs itself, building a large car company). Mike is an ex-google core bitcoin developer btw.
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:20:03
Sort of. It's a bit complex and a bit scary, too. For example, my mom doesn't want to bother with cold or hot wallets, fast or slow wallets, with notifications talking about all kinds of transactions, especially automatic ones that she didn't initiate, those are just scary!
I'd love it on blockchain.info, on Coinbase I can imagine the userbase might not appreciate it as it can be confusing and thereby scary.
I think a more elegant solution is to do what many banks do, which is have daily transaction limits. e.g. you can take out only $250 from an ATM at once. And only $500 from an ATM per day. But if you visit the bank with your ID, you can take out $10k. Stuff like that. e.g. you can send out $100 a day easily, but if you want to take out $1k you need to do some additional verification or something.
It's really tricky to get this to work smoothly and make it understandable to all. But the key thing is always 'optional'. In that you can create a lot of functionality and hide it under the 'security' tab under 'advanced'. Because I'd love notifications, but if my mom gets an SMS saying '$500 is being transferred from your slow-wallet in 3 hours' she'll freak out haha.
@_date: 2014-06-22 23:11:31
Very little marketing actually, a promising product demo, a few presentations of what they're trying to do, and a list of employees and founders who are quite reputable in the startup/tech space.  
For example, Jeremy Allaire is a guy who founded two companies and succesfully drove them to two IPOs. His companies raised about as much money as all bitcoin companies combined. He's built some of the biggest software in the world used by some of the biggest companies in the world to run their entire server-side (ColdFusion) like target.com. 
If he starts a company, chances are, it's not as some kind of adventure or some kind of gamble, a toy, an impulse. It's a lot more serious than that. 
Again, zero guarantees, but if you name any name in the bitcoin space, Jeremy is one I'd be most excited about. More than the CEO of Bitpay or Coinbase, more than any employee at any exchange or ATM. Jeremy has a track record that stands above all the others. That's not to say he's any better per se, but the odds are he'll build something powerful.
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:15:03
Just looked at the price chart of bitcoin 2009 - 2014. I got in somewhere in the middle. (from $0.05 to $600+)
It's hilarious you call me a neckbeard and a nerd and a dork for following an technological investment that made me filthy rich, when you're playing warcraft games and talking about fantasy novels.
I've got nothing against nerds, but you're being pretty goddamn ironic. Anyway feel free to post some more, I'm enjoying myself. I'll just grab a bite to eat, back in a bit. Don't leave me hanging...
@_date: 2014-06-20 13:16:00
That's some hipster ass shit haha. Riverisland wearing, bearded white dudes in an old barbershop with black and white pictures of motorcyclists on the wall, serving fair-trade coffee while shaving other people's beards is just too funny.
Either way, great to see :)
@_date: 2014-02-19 20:50:50
Which ones? Would be happy to give it a try :)
@_date: 2014-06-20 11:53:02
No not more or less altruistic, one is altruistic, the other is not. But you know what never mind don't need to argue semantics :)
@_date: 2014-05-15 09:44:11
That + "through a fund where there are other partners who have a mandate (as partner in the fund) to close deals with the fund money, without every single partner reviewing every deal'.
If you look at VC investments you usually have a fund of say 10 people. 2 do tech, 2 do financial tech, 2 do healthcare, 2 do enterprise software etc... It's not at all clear that Ka-Shing looked into bitcoin, I can't find a quote or statement from him at all or anything really. Only very loose associations and every time only through a large fund with many stakeholders and partners where he has a small portion of his money.
I love bitcoin but let's not be naive about things.
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:49:02
Well, not the USA necessarily, mostly Europe, but otherwise agree! A lot of (sub-saharan, at least) African anti-gay sentiment is remnant of a colonial time where religious evangelism was seen as one of the core virtues of the colonial powers. Most Africans had little anti-gay sentiment before religious Europeans gave them their bible.
@_date: 2014-09-28 21:42:10
Well I'd disagree on the notion that 'bitcoin springs out of no cultural tradition'. Who says gold did? Obviously gold has been valued by many societies (although not very much by some), but was it the cultural appreciation of gold that made it valuable as 'money', or was it valuable and therefore used as a cultural object?
Some evidence suggests the latter. For example, aluminium used to be more expensive than gold, because we were able to extract it cheaply in factories using electrolysis. The washington monument is partially coated in it. And when Napoleon held a royal banquet, everyone used gold coated utensils, except the most honorary guests, who used (now cheap and petty) aluminium. BECAUSE it was expensive, for its scarcity, it was deemed to be a precious metal for use in jewelry. Its cultural significance changed at the whims of its value. And so it's reasonable to assume that actual gold, say as a coating of jewels, will be as cheap and useless as a toy ring coated in mere gold-colored paint, the moment that we find a cheap source of gold. (e.g. asteroid excavation), just like it happened with aluminium.
So there's reason to suggest gold's cultural significance grew out of its properties, its scarcity, that made it valuable, it didn't become valuable because we all liked the color so much. If that were the case, we'd allocate equal appreciation to cheap and ubiquitous gold-colored items.
As for national fiat having tribal involvement, not inherently, not any more than bitcoin having 'tribal involvement' of the cypherpunk movement, or the libertarian movement, or the technologists movement, or the goldbugs movement, or the anarchist anti-banking movement, or from the  black market movement. Bitcoin's early days all sprung from very clear 'tribal' traditions, perhaps much more so than any government currency in fact.
But all of this may not be relevant. You ask a question at the end of your post asking if without the historical bridge or the tribe (which I both disagreed with, but assume for a moment bitcoin is unique and doesn't have either), can it be a success? I've already explained in my last post that I don't necessarily see bitcoin replacing any other major decently working currency like the dollar. But that it can and likely will be able to act as a payment system for those currencies. That is, it can do digital dollar payments on an open protocol layer. People can use bitcoin while thinking they use dollars, in the same way people use paypal's centralized ledger while thinking they use dollars. Paypal's ledger may not be a currency anyone recognizes, including paypal themselves, but their ledger certainly is being used by 150m people to transfer fiat currencies completely digitally. Similarly the blockchain may be used, bitcoins may be used, without anyone actually being aware of it. That's where I think the biggest impact of bitcoin will be. As a protocol used unknowingly by hundreds of millions to transfer any currency they want. And beyond that, by a relatively small amount of people, as an asset class to invest in, like gold, as the source of the liquidity necessary for any payment network.
@_date: 2014-04-17 13:17:16
Sure but that doesn't hold on the long-term when you get 10 customers a day paying with bitcoin. Detecting double spends isn't really hard even if you had 100 customers daily because the bitcoins that were spent through your POS system will be flagged as 'double spent'. It's trivially easy to record which products were purchased at what time with double-spent bitcoins, and potentially much e.g. the identity of the customer if you only accept verified wallets (e.g. verified Coinbase users). The detection part isn't really tricky, the point is that it may only be detected 1-5 minutes later, at which point the customer is gone. But that's theft, someone taking a product and not paying. It's the same risk with someone giving you a fake dollar bill, or someone taking a product and walking out the store, it doesn't happen that much and generally these people are caught. And if you only allow verified wallets, particularly through off-chain transactions (like Coinbase), it's either trivially easy to catch the thief, or it's downright impossible to double-spend as it was an off-chain transaction.
I don't see it as a huge problem, there are many solutions as long as we're aware. 
And yes as far as I'm aware, only from the original sender, as he's the only one who has the private keys to sign a transaction to a different address. Nobody but the owner of the private keys can double spend the bitcoins held by those keys, so it always leads back to this person.
@_date: 2014-04-30 23:00:43
You're absolutely right, you need talking points prepared. You know with certainty at least half the questions that are going to be asked, and you really just need to speak from memory in these situations and smile. Andreas does this really well for example, he's got quotes and examples and anecdotes and references, he can easily make a case that suits different audiences.
Many of these questions are really just gifts. When he asks you what your professors think, that's obviously him letting you gain credibility by inviting you to tell the audience that credible professors actually back this project. When they ask about girls, that's stupid, but even then, it's just a gift for you to make a comment about how many girls are involved and how it democratizes finance or about how bitcoin can power women in India through microfinance etc. You need to prepare this stuff. It's not a time to be speechless, blush and smile in shyness, and then for the other guy to appear (to some) to take it personal and basically say 'I've got a fiance, so I really don't think a question about this is appropriate or applicable thank you very much, I take this really personal.' haha. That's just the worst.
It was a pretty easy interview, but it was kind of doomed to fail. 4 minutes with 5 speakers, a mandatory introduction, plus connection lag... it just makes every answer extremely contrived and meaningless due to extreme conciseness. 2 people interviewing one person for 6 to 8 minutes would've been a complete difference.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:51:05
Yes... a wallet is like an email address, but instead of people sending you mail, they can send you money. And as with email you can create a shitton of addresses, only it's really easy, you don't have to register anywhere, you can just pick one. Because there are 2^256 private keys, choosing a random key means nobody will ever choose the same key.
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:09:26
There's a shit ton of open source code available, including that of Bitpay, Coinbase, Blockchain.info etc. Tons of APIs to query the blockchain exist too, like Chain. And that's ontop of the various implementations of a bitcoin node (like bitcoin core, or Coinbase's Toshi) that you can query directly. So I'd say for any developer it's pretty easy to simply work with the blockchain now.
But to build something that's secure, easy, reliable, redundant, with a nice interface, is not trivial. Yet parties like Bitpay exist that offer it for free (including currency conversion if you want it). Coinbase also does it for free excluding currency conversion. And this is worked on heavily, with e.g. Stripe, Paypal and Braintree building their own systems to accept bitcoin payments.
For something with as few middlemen as possible that is a step above just querying the blockchain, you probably want something like this: 
If you don't want to use them for whatever reason (again, they're free and likely better than any individual could do by himself), and don't like the blockchain.info API, I'd focus on the blockchain APIs and build something yourself, looking at the open source stuff to get some idea of how to approach it.
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:13:08
Stuff like this, 32 pages of discussion, mostly on security related stuff. There's multiple discussions like this.
It's not perfect but it's more significant than one thinks. That's why I don't like greenaddress at the moment, it's amazing, but it doesn't yet have this long history where everyone used it and looked at the source code.
@_date: 2014-04-30 13:40:47
Its its defense Kraken is market leader in Europe, it's Euro volume is quite substantial and I personally regard Kraken perhaps as the best exchange out there, limited only by regulatory requirements that some other exchanges completely disregard, which makes it more likely to be a sustainable company.
@_date: 2014-10-09 00:25:24
@_date: 2014-06-06 11:38:31
which I covered in the next sentence.
@_date: 2014-05-12 11:28:54
I'd guess it will probably take a year or so to get to 1.0. Check the history here:
As you can see, iterating up by '1.0' is slower and slower as the code gets more complex and the stakes get bigger and bigger. 0.8 to 0.9 took about a year. We're a few months in, I think in 12 months we'll see 1.
It's likely the next versions of bitcoin will see a few things. 
One are HD wallets. What this means is that it will become easy to move one wallet (e.g. a Coinbase wallet) to a Trezor wallet or to a Blockchain.info wallet, if they're using HD wallets. It will also become very easy to recover your wallet from a seed and retrieve all your keys, which is swell :)
Another thing is a market for transaction fees. Right now they're fixed, soon they will float. This means that if there's a ton of transactions, the price goes up, if there are few transactions the price goes down. This will allow bitcoin to continue without constant intervention. (imagine a 0.0001 btc price per transaction. A few cents. But if bitcoin goes up in price by e.g. 100, it's suddenly an expensive transaction! Floating fees will adjust automatically requiring no changes to the software).
Besides this there's a few cool technical things that aren't immediately obvious to most. Backend stuff. Like improving the networking, so transactions propagate faster and use fewer resources. Pruning so that storing the blockchain for use requires much less disk space, protections against denial of service attacks, stuff like that.
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:10:38
Well, be the change you want to see in the world. What are you doing about Mastercard?
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:26:50
Cold storage is pretty easy to insure, the risk rates of a multi-signature cold storage address that's geographically distributed requiring multiple people to access encrypted keys in vaults with guards is really really secure. You'd need to literally kidnap multiple people and then coerce them under huge (e.g. violent) threat to agree somehow to discuss with multiple keyholders to let you steal all the money, then walk into a bank, retrieve the keys, then force each to give up their password and sign the transaction, while not alerting any of the bank personnel or any of the other keyholders of this unnecessary transaction. 
This is hollywood-movie type stuff. This is actually exactly how nuclear launch codes are secured, encrypted codes that are geographically distributed and need multiple people to enter at the same time. With smart algorithms you only have 1-2% of actual hot-wallets, and if you secure them properly (they're industry professionals capable of doing these things) you only need to pay something like 1-2% insurance rates on only 1-2% of your total money, in other words, a fraction of a percent of annual costs that can easily be covered with tiny monetization.
It's a bit more complex than that, but that's the gist of it.
@_date: 2014-06-05 12:38:16
Sure, if that's your alternative... I just can't imagine paying for intimacy, whether that's a hug, a conversation or sex.
Born, raised and living in Amsterdam by the way. Somehow that makes things like prostitution and drugs really uninteresting haha. I guess that plays a role, too.
@_date: 2014-04-08 15:04:31
Nice. I'm glad Bitstamp takes action. We can all live with a few temporary delays a few times a year. But we can't live with shit getting stolen a few times a year. This decision makes a lot of sense.
@_date: 2014-07-12 20:53:39
Sorry but whenever you read Paypal or Bank to Bank transactions, you can be 100% assured that there's an opportunity to reverse that transaction. It's as simple as that.
Coinbase, Kraken, Bitstamp, Vault of Satoshi, Bitfinex, an ATM or localbitcoins in cash. Why are these not sufficient for you?
@_date: 2014-06-04 20:32:12
Had he bet it on Maidana instead of Broner he'd have made 500% in a single night. It's easy to cherry pick stocks in hindsight, but a 37% return on 5 years really isn't bad, even in the bounceback of a crisis.
@_date: 2014-07-30 09:08:13


Well it's a bit like saying the internet should be thought of as a slow and limited system, in 1995, by focusing not on its future, but on its current characteristics.
Fact is, within a very short 7 years we'll go to sub 1.7% monetary supply increases. Frankly, that's quite low, and likely low enough to cause price deflation. Compare it for example with the 1988 - 2008 inflation of the money supply worldwide, averaging at about 9.4%.
Anyway it's a bit of a semantics discussion and I agree with you that bitcoin absolutely has an inflationary money supply at the moment, but given everyone who knows anything about bitcoin understands new bitcoins are created through mining, I think it's obvious everyone knows that already. 
As such, the discussion about inflation/deflation here focuses more on the characteristics of bitcoin in determining its price over the long term, in the same way that Gold is inflation-protected, even though its supply grows at about 1.75% a year. You would miss the point to call gold inflationary (when technically, that is correct, if referring to the supply).
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:13:00
Crazy I hadn't considered this, ever... This is a great idea. There are actually already things like sending bitcoin to SMS, a twitter handle, reddit (1 upvote etc. But integrating a contact list... I haven't really seen done before... I guess the problem is that you still need to invite a user to the app first for that person to have a wallet to accept it, but hey LinkedIn has successfully taken everyone's email lists and spammed them to hell and back and onboarded a few hundred million people :p So why not.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:31:55
You have earned your promotion to captain!
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:42:01
I yield lol.
@_date: 2014-05-11 16:15:16
You're wrong.
@_date: 2014-10-20 13:58:46
It's very likely to be true, just look around a bit at the history, at the ecosystem, and the niches for bitcoin, at the popular usecases.
The dollar far, far, far outweighs bitcoin in terms of illicit trading, but on a proportional basis, bitcoin's more about charity, pot and investing than about ecommerce, business to business payments or remittance.
That of course is changing quite fast, just like the internet itself started as a place for academics and hackers, and turned into a place for consumers and businesses. (rough analogy here)
@_date: 2014-08-11 13:53:22
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:29:29


I agree.


I've got no clue so I really can't say, I personally haven't seen any though.
In any case, it feels a bit irrelevant. I'm sort of glad Todd is here, you always need a contrarian, even one who is over the top, it keeps the rest sharp (unless it amounts to daily nagging, and while it sometimes does, it's not *that* bad). I always get really annoyed reading his posts as half of them seem to be 'Look at me, I point out stuff nobody dares to say', rather than 'This is actually really important:' but there's usually, would even say often, truth and value in his posts.
So I'd rather keep him than lose him, what do you think?
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:04:59
Alright! Good question. So let's separate two things here quickly.
* The transaction, this happens virtually instantly. Once you broadcast it to the network, nodes will pass it along and it'll be spread around the world literally in seconds at most. A transaction typically takes a fraction of a second.
* The confirmation. Once a transaction (a message A is paying B for example) is sent to everyone, it has to be confirmed. Confirmation happens when the transaction is included in a mined block which is added to the blockchain. The blockchain is like the ledger in which all transactions are recorded. Once it's there, it's confirmed. I won't get into multiple chains, let's keep it simple, but the key thing to remember is that blocks are mined every 10 minutes. Once a block is mined, it's already extremely difficult to double spend the bitcoin. Once 6 confirmations (60 minutes) pass, it's deemed virtually impossible.
So the transaction is instant, confirmation isn't. Confirmation means the coins aren't double-spent. Double spending is, in simple terms, paying 2 people with the same dollar bill and later on one of these people will find out he has a fake useless bill, he effectively wasn't paid. So if he e.g. sold  you a cup of coffee, you effectively stole it by double-spending and tricking him. Let's first look at where this isn't a problem, then look at where it is a problem and how big the problem really is. Merchants need 10-20 minutes to confirm the bitcoin wasn't double-spent, or up to 60 in cases requiring extreme certainty.
Where isn't it a problem? In places where immediate confirmation isn't necessary.
* Most online transactions. If you buy a book on amazon, they'll send it hours later. If the transaction was fraudulent (which can be seen within 10-20 minutes at most), the book won't be delivered and the amazon account will probably be blacklisted, too.
* Or if you buy a Netflix subscription. For 10 minutes you might get access to the new episode of Game of Thrones, but then they see you've got a fraudulent transaction and stop the service and block your IP if you try it a few times.
* You'll find that almost all payments on the web (e.g. e-commerce) can be done instantly using bitcoin, and confirmed 10-20 minutes later without any risk because if it turns out the transaction was fraudulent, it can be reversed.
Now let's look at where 10m confirmations is a problem.
* Restaurants where you eat, pay, then walk out. 
* Shops where you get an item, pay, and walk out. If it turns out the transaction was fraudulent, that's an issue because the customer already left.
Why isn't this a big problem? Because there are multiple solutions. First of all, there is trust and accountability involved. For example, if I send my dad 10 bitcoin, he receives it immediately, but it's not confirmed yet. However, because only the owner of the bitcoin can sign the transaction, only I can double-spend it. Because my dad trusts me, he can accept the bitcoin right away requiring 0 confirmations because nobody but me can defraud those bitcoins from him. As such, he relies on trusting his son, and the fact he can hold me accountable.
In stores you have the same principle. If you walk in and buy a playstation with a forged dollar bill and walk out, you're on camera, they know your face, the police gets involved. It's not something that people do very often. With bitcoin it's similar, firstly it's not something you do as you're stealing. But when you do it, you can be held accountable because you were right there in the store, you're not as anonymous as on the internet.
Secondly, because fraud rates are very low (&lt;1%), it's quite possible merchants will simply accept the risk and pay for it. It's still cheaper than creditcards for them. Or, more likely, they will give the customer a choice. They either pay with a Coinbase wallet which has verified their identity and doesn't allow double-spending, or they pay 1% extra. This way, the Coinbase users pay nothing extra, and the others who put the burden of risk on the merchant have to pay 1% extra which covers the average fraud rate. Other examples could be a Multisig-partner. Say a company like Google runs a service and has 1 of 2 of your private keys. If you make a payment, Google runs a node and sees the transaction and signs it with their key. But only if your bitcoin weren't already spent in the past 10 minutes. This prevents the user from double-spending as a third trusted party is involved that merchants and users can trust. Note that Google can't steal your bitcoin or take it, it only has 1 key. It can only sign transactions automatically. This gives merchants the certainty that a 0 confirmation payment won't be double-spent, it's still very safe.
So in short, bitcoin transactions are instant. But to 'de-risk' the transaction from double-spending risk, you either need to wait 10 minutes, which is not a problem for most of e-commerce, or use a different solution (like requiring payments with a trusted hosted wallet) to remove risk. There are many solutions, so this isn't a big problem at all :)
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:08:41
Kraken and Coinbase do virtually all of this, too and I expect Bitstamp and a few Chinese exchanges to properly do security, too. Although almost all exchanges have bounty programmes (get paid for reporting a bug), it's the first time I've heard of Crowdcruity though, nice move.
For example, Kraken:
Proof of solvency is quite unique, many exchanges do them, but not daily, usually like every 3 months. Doing it daily helps because theoretically one could borrow the funds once every few months to prove there are enough bitcoins, then immediately give them back. Real-time proof of solvency would be much harder in that regard, and daily proofs are a great start.
I absolutely applaud VoS, they do amazing things.
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:55:31
We can speculate. A few things to note
- There are many bitcoin conferences. The foundation seems to be cleaning up shop, doing more lobbying. There are tens of venture capital funded companies with strong industry ties and a reputation (e.g. andreessen horowitz.) There are a number of institutional investors. (e.g. Second Market.
This leads me to assume there's a more powerful voice calling for lenient regulation that doesn't stiffle innovation. We've seen regulators repeat that wish and some countries like the UK recently scrapping regulation / taxes, or like Singapore, welcoming bitcoin.
2) Bitcoin can't be banned, but it could be criminalized. At the moment, I don't see a big case for this. But, you can buy bitcoin on the 'black' market and you can more or less anonymously store it and you can liquidate your bitcoin later on. This means tax evasion and money laundering is tricky for governments. But it's not an inherent bitcoin problem and all companies are doing more than asked to prepare for AML/KYC compliance.
@_date: 2014-12-27 23:21:12
A wallet, is what he said, and it was just a statement in response to someone making a mistake (sending broken transactions, which stayed broken after the wallet was deleted) that could have been prevented if the wallet hadn't been deleted. It feels as if you're implying as if this statement carries any ideological meaning, as if to say Satoshi was against deleting keys out of some principle. It was just a statement for good practice. It doesn't seem to be the case that he said it out of principle at all (while his behavior to never touch his bitcoin does indeed seem to be out of principle, his disappearance is intentional)
For example he also said: Lost coins only make everyone else's coins worth slightly more.  Think of it as a donation to everyone.
It's likely he said these things in a conversational way, out of pragmatism, not ideology. To assume he didn't delete his wallet because of that remark is well, too assuming imo.
In any case, it may be a fair point to say he still has access to those keys. (although I think my post showed it's likely he has no intention of using them, and the blockchain shows he certainly never has). 
But it doesn't really change the argument in the post before that, which is to say that 10% bitcoin inflation is practically far higher because there are millions of coins that are provably lost or provably not being used, and Satoshi's coins are among those, whether he has access to them or not, doesn't really matter for this point.
As for the IMF statement, that seems like a bit of a pipe dream but who knows.
@_date: 2014-03-04 09:04:44
Sounds good. Is this something within reach of most exchanges? I love the bootstrapping of bitcoin, but when we're talking millions of dollars of value, bedroom companies running security is just not be realistic anymore.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:01:13
Me neither. A lot of people don't realize that CPU/GPU mining means botnets are actually extremely powerful. 
Nowadays you can pretty easily buy some CPU-Time from a hacker running a botnet on tens of thousands of computers owned by people who haven't a clue about computer security or the fact that there's malware running on their computer.
But the fact that a single ASIC can outperform a thousand laptop CPUs easily, at a much lower cost of hardware and a much more efficient use of electricity, has pretty much nullified the threat of botnet-based mining attacks.
The only problem I see is that when corporations start to mine, they have a large say in the development of the bitcoin protocol. That's a concern I have. The core developers are 100% software people interested in developing the system. The miners are almost 100% financially oriented people interested in making money, and are often not interested in whether the money comes from bitcoin or anything else. I'm a bit concerned in 10 years from now you'll see a few powerful mining pools boycott changes to bitcoin or accept them conditionally (e.g. only when other changes that benefit them are included) in the case of a necessary hard-fork. The politicization of mining is a concern.
@_date: 2014-07-13 17:40:49
Nah, if you want to get technical then NOTHING is a wallet. Bitcoins aren't bitcoins, they're unused inputs in a ledger, and the only thing you have in your 'wallet' are keys, in other words it's a keychain, not a wallet.
But most of us agree we don't need strict semantics, in the same way that we don't call a smartphone a computer when it really is, and when it's way more than a phone, we still simply call it a phone, and we don't call our tablets personal computers either, when they are. That's fine, it works.
So calling Coinbase a wallet is absolutely fine. You might disagree with the safety or autonomy of this wallet, that's up to you. But denying that Coinbase is a wallet I don't think is the right way to go about our semantics. 
That doesn't mean I don't see logic in what you're saying, of course the distinction makes sense as haakon said, but 'wallets' work in the world of bitcoin and I think it's the right way to try to appeal to a mainstream audience. 
To me at least it's obvious that the most technically correct definition (a **keychain**) would be one of the worst, most confusing and least familiar words with the weakest linguistic associations with the actual functionality of a wallet (storing, receiving &amp; sending money)  one could think of. So this notion that we need another word is obvious to me, and I think the distinction of wallet vs hosted wallet is quite suitable. As people gain more understanding, I think we'll see the language evolve, and we'll see multi-sig wallets (in those or other words) become part of 'common knowledge' and replace 'hosted wallets' where these multi sig wallets are just pretty front-end layers that co-sign a 2-3 (where you have 1 key on your phone, 1 key safely stored on paper, and 1 key with the wallet provider) transaction and let you configure spending limits, safe addresses etc. I think that's a better idea than trying to force a distinction between wallets (which aren't wallets but keychains) and accounts.
@_date: 2014-08-05 09:55:57
So then 1111111111111111111114oLvT2 could just be a valid address...
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:20:30
Note to self: whenever speaking English it must be about the US. I may only speak about other things in a language that's not English.
Thanks for that.
@_date: 2014-05-17 20:37:21
You're right, the notion of bitcoin being able to empower the underbanked is completely new to the world and first revealed in this very video.
Give me a break.
@_date: 2014-05-04 22:22:08
Because it takes work to change the software, mainly. It's not as simple because the current node software relies on being able to process all blocks. But there's no inherent reason why new software can't solve this problem. In short, there's a lot of work to be on bitcoin and only a small handful of people are actually paid to work on the free and open source protocol that is bitcoin. 
Given that blockchain size currently isn't a bottleneck and won't be for quite a while (ignoring a few technical details, you can already put 100 blockchains on a $100 harddrive, to put it simply), it's not a top-top-top priority thing. HD wallets for example are much more important at this point.
@_date: 2014-08-04 19:37:20
Yeah but the hash160 all zero address wouldn't be accepted by the standard client, or any client that didn't specifically try to mess with things like this. So unless you build your own modified code specifically leaving out important checks and don't implement the protocol's rules properly, your transaction is going to fail. So I wouldn't really say it's a practical problem unless you really want to do crazy experiments and insist on not using the testnet and fuck up, but that's not really relevant for the OP in this case. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:36:48
That address is yours? 25k bitcoin received, current balance 138 bitcoin and you want lunch money!?
Anyway, great set! But, I do think a lot of people don't realize how important it is to standardize a brand. Recognition, understanding, trust etc are very important as to the impact an image has. And it's very easy to completely dilute or destroy that image or create the wrong associations. Bitcoin being used solely for gambling for example, because bitcoins are so often depicted as gambling chips with a B on them. There's no need or ability to regulate this, but some best practices and a number of very common recognisable images would definitely be useful. It would really benefit Bitcoin. The pay with bitcoin here is an example of that.
Here is an example from our current nemesis on how to do this stuff:
Consider this when choosing to use graphics.
@_date: 2014-08-03 08:54:22
It IS a banking product for god's sake... Why don't people get this? It's not their core product, it's simply a debit card which comes out of a partnership with an existing issuing bank/payment processor, that they've linked in the backend to a spending limit which happens to be your bitcoin wallet. In the same way a company might give cards to its sales employees for company dinners/meetings, with a spending limit attached.
It's for people who want to store wealth in bitcoin yet use the current payment system (with all its same fees) as it exists around the world. That's not for everyone, not for me for example. But it can be useful.
Over time the card will be made redundant by more merchants taking bitcoin rather than a card payment. But seeing as that doesn't happen overnight, this is a great middle-ground. And no, Xapo does not have the power to create the cheapest debitcard ever, I hope that was obvious from the start. It's like expecting an Apple reseller to be able to continuously undercut Apple's own prices from whom they buy, it's silly.
If you don't like it, don't use it. I'm not. But I still recognize this is a nice product, and that it's silly to say they're doing 'something wrong'. You simply can't get a much better debit card because you're at the whims of a different network. Sure if every bitcoin company focused on trying to plug in to the existing network, that'd suck, but if one company is doing it, I applaud that.
Besides that they've got a decent wallet product.
Tell me this: why all the hate for Xapo which allows FREE transactions with the card, but none of the 'corporate bs' and 'most hated bitcoin company' (I'm quoting from another thread) about ATMs that charge 5-10% fees and have ridiculous spreads? This is the very first global debitcard product from a reputable company, you can make free transactions from a bitcoin wallet, and people say it's the worst thing ever. I won't use it, but there's plenty of people I imagine who will.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:38:14
I asked where the fees came from. Fees are costs, I asked for costs. Of course an ATM is a convenient service, that wasn't my question. If you quote a question and then give an answer, then at least answer my question :p
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:14:18
Would e.g. Fincen be amenable to releasing a supportive written statement specifically on the legality of bitcoin (not just the status of not not being illegal), one that to a large extent would exempt banks from being complicit in the event a bitcoin company messes up? Or indeed a letter of support from a number of banks or a banking association? We often see such statements being made by for example a chamber of commerce to (foreign) industries, vouching for all kinds of qualities.
That, and perhaps 'headline risk' which is sort of inevitable seem to be the biggest fears.
Perhaps it could be a useful talking point in the work you do in what can be described 'industry education'.
@_date: 2014-06-20 11:26:52
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:48:09
BittyLicious has no sell function afaik but it's showing up at a 20% premium over e.g. BTC-E. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:02:17
Well, in an exaggerated hypothetical scenario I showcased that the tax implications mean I can personally value one bitcoin as different from another. (Using the one would've cost $20 in tax versus $0 for using another bitcoin. As such, I'd have been willing to pay up to $20 more for a different bitcoin)
What that means is that one bitcoin can't just be exchanged or interchanged for another bitcoin as they have different values. This is different from the fungibility of say a $100 bill, which is perfectly exchangeable for another $100 bill.
Anyway, the actual impact will probably be very small, depend on appreciation/depreciation which is hard to predict, and the IRS will probably be lenient in that they'll consider any bitcoins bought or sold in a year in terms of their average prices, rather than to expect people to process them individually. (similar to e.g. buying gold) so I don't think this will really impact bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:26:40
Bitcoin trader logic:
Bitcoin is worth $8b. Someone auctions $0.018 billion worth of bitcoin, or 0.2%, and we sell until the price drops by $800m or 10%. 
Honestly, there's FUD news, and then there's just basic market news that isn't supposed to freak anyone out but does freak everyone out.
Especially not if it's a freaking private sale that will probably go to BIT/Panterra type of funds that doesn't actually affect exchange (prices) much at all.
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:31:47
Make a secure private key. (e.g. flip 256 coins if you wanna be thorough lol). Send bitcoin there.
Tell him you've got all your money in bitcoin, show him the address, then post it somewhere public like facebook.
Then ask him if he wants to make a bet that the bitcoins will still be there. For every year it's there, he owes you $100, if the bitcoins are ever stolen, you'll give him $1k or $1m or whatever.
If he truly insists that fdic insurance is necessary for safety, he'd take the bet. If he doesn't take the bet, it'd mean he doesn't truly believe that storing money securely depends on it being insured against an institutional crisis or theft. It's that simple, you put your money where your mouth is, ask him if he wants to do the same.
He'll either say no, or painfully find out that your money is extremely secure.
Note that his insurance doesn't protect him from inflation inherent in the monetary policy design, while bitcoin's design doesn't have that issue.
Conversely, consider showing him actual bitcoin insurance. I have it at Xapo and Circle.
@_date: 2014-07-13 23:28:32
Absolutely, I think it's important to keep educating and talking about differences. But I disagree that we shouldn't call e.g. Coinbase a wallet. I think we can call it a hosted wallet, and raise awareness about the fact that your money is with them and it's controllable by you only to the extent that they allow it and can get away with it within the law. That's true. But that fact fits within a larger story on bitcoin security, which also includes the fact that it's quite likely that more people lost bitcoins from their own computer than from Coinbase. This is an assumption I'm making having followed bitcoin for at least as long as Coinbase has existed, but I think it's a fair point to make. I'd also wager to say most people are unwilling to go to the required lengths to store their own private keys securely, and these people are likely better off with Coinbase. So if we want to talk about 'risk of losing money like on Mt. Gox', I think if you pick out 100 random people in any country, they're less likely to lose their bitcoins if they stored them with Coinbase than with e.g. MultiBit for regular use. That's what I think. So the discussion of whether one thing is a wallet or not, is another discussion. The discussion of who owns the keys, that's clear, it's Coinbase, and for me personally that's unacceptable. But the discussion as to whether a mainstream user is more secure with Coinbase or MultiBit? I'd probably say Coinbase, in that, while I've never used Coinbase and never will, I'd rather recommend all my friends and family to Coinbase over MultiBit because I know they wouldn't do security properly with MultiBit.
For me the ideal future lies in multi-sig. Coinbase has 1 key, you have 2. You put one safely away on paper, encrypted. You keep another on your phone. Coinbase controls nothing, can't take your money. But they'll co-sign any tx you make, and they let you configure spending limits so that if someone does get your phone, they'll only be able to transfer e.g. $100 per day, and also need your email for more than that but only up to $250. For more than that, you'll need to take your own private key on paper and authorize the tx yourself. That sort of stuff. Technically you can't call any of this a wallet. Your phone only has 1 key, it's not a complete standalone wallet. Coinbase has 1 key, it's not a wallet either. And even if you had all keys, it's still just a keychain, not a wallet, and the coins aren't in there, they're in the blockchain. But I think it's okay to still call this a wallet, but that's just my opinion.
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:30:33
Right, I mean, you have a wallet with lots of bitcoin. It gets sent off. Can we at least hear on which addresses the bitcoins were last seen before they were stolen and to which addresses they were sent immediately next?
Can we at least have a description of how the private keys were stored of the Mt. Gox addresses which last held the coin?
Cause right now it's a bit like saying, I had $0.5 billion dollars in my pocket and I got mugged on timesquare. Oh and that's it. While I have a complete record of where every transaction went, I won't mention this. Nor will I mention how I got mugged or how I tried to protect myself or when. It just happened, that's all you're allowed to know. Sorry and goodbye!
@_date: 2014-06-20 16:25:58
It's the Coinbase brand, a private company in Silicon Valley. That brand is protected, and the Apple Store will absolutely oblige generally by banning apps that use the brand if Coinbase shows their copyright.
This isn't about a bitcoin brand it's about a Coinbase brand.
@_date: 2014-05-16 13:47:52


It's actually not that bad. For one, volume is very much driven by news cycles, and we just had a big one in November to January, it's to be expected February-May wasn't as big. But in annual trends, the volume is definitely trending up.
Secondly, we're seeing massive off-chain usage of bitcoin. Bitcoin still enables this and causes this impact. For example, the biggest companies like Coinbase are mostly off-chain. A coinbase customer paying a Coinbase merchant happens off-chain. About half their buy/sells are also matched internally, so if a Coinbase customer sells bitcoin, it's matched with a Coinbase customer who buys bitcoin half of the time. All this activity is not on the blockchain, but it still constitutes bitcoin trading. Pretty much every exchange is off-chain, too. You can deposit e.g. 1 bitcoin at an exchange, which shows up on the blockchain. But if you then keep it there for 6 months and buy and day-trade it, the bitcoin might be bought and sold 10 times off-chain on the exchange, so the actual volume is 10x what is on the blockchain. Lastly, some of the biggest trades happen over-the-counter between individuals. For example, in the early days Bitpay actually sold bitcoin it raised for merchant to private individuals by the tens of thousands of dollars rather than directly on an exchange.
In other words, volume is very much underrepresented by all the blockchain charts.
Fully agree with point 1 and 3 and 4. For number 4 we're already seeing developments. SecondMarket BIT has 100k bitcoins in their trust. Wink's are launching an ETF probably early 2015. SecondMarket exchange will probably happen after the summer. Bitcoinreserve just launched a service to take out volatility. Payment processors de-risk payments for merchants. And a few like Bitfinex are offering options allowing hedging of risk. Once companies buy hedging instruments, they can offer their customers 0-volatility bitcoin, for example. I don't necessarily think that will happen, but volatility is going down, mostly because of a higher money supply and more professional companies (fewer Mt. Gox's) and clearer and less arbitrary regulatory guidance.
Agree with 6, too, nothing to add. Bitcoin might pave the way for a new way of thinking and a new financial system but that's about it. That's powerful in itself, but fiat will continue to exist as will wall street that's a fact for a long time still.
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:44:43
That would mean bitcoin has different odds of disappearing over night depending on which company's stock valuation you compare the bitcoin money supply to. Very strange. 
As for whether it holds up... Kids drown more often after eating ice ream, its a fact. Correlation does not imply causality however, as kids eat more icecream and swim more when the weather is hot, that is all. You need way more than some limited anecdotal evidence. Anyway, we know plenty of &lt; $8 billion companies not accepting bitcoin and we will likely see amazon adopt bitcoin before total bitcoin value multiplies by more than 20 in value to exceed amazon market cap. So it doesnt and wont hold up, Id say.
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:56:34
Bitcoin Cooking Kickstarter!
I think this is a great idea, but it needs a bit of hippy spirit. The idea is that every week, on one evening, a few students will cook for other students. The two students get say $25 each for their 90 minutes of shopping/cooking, plus they're compensated for the price of ingredients. Other students who want to eat put the bitcoin in escrow, the students do the shopping and cook, then get paid. Every week other students are chosen in a community, all ran by word of mouth. A more elegant  way would be to build a website where students could offer to cook and post their dish and others could order, put bitcoin in escrow and come by to eat. They'd cook and eat in common areas or in student houses. 
Sort of like a daily cooking kickstarter, where you can 'pre-order' tonights food, it would connect local students online who otherwise wouldn't meet, and get them to socialize in physical spaces under the pretense of satisfying our basic human needs, having dinner! Crowd-funded by bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-10 08:57:56


Who cares? The Chinese government made it crystal clear they're anti-bitcoin at the moment. They're not just clamping down on exchanges, the state is literally manipulating public perception through media censorship. Nobody is interested in putting everything on the line to build a risky bitcoin ecosystem that could disappear at any time, if you can even get it started in the first place without even a bank account or any media exposure. And with nobody I mean the few hundred people that are doing it in China regardless.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:15:12
Thanks guys! 
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:36:40
Ah I mean just the best from a technical point of view. Whether human nature / culture is open to the idea of accepting an abstraction of money, or whether our brains are evolutionarily jailed to forever prefer something tangible, remains to be seen. But if we look at how we use money today, I think we're quite okay with that abstraction. I'm quite happy to have my employer pay me monthly into my account, for me to login to my computer and see a number representation of my money go up, and then to use that online account to automatically pay for my rent and insurance and electricity etc. The tangible notion of getting paid in something I can hold, having a feeling of wealth as I feel a heavy load of coins in my pockets slowly sag down my pants, and being able to walk into a store and put a bag of money on the counter as I buy an item, just isn't a (necessary) part of life anymore. In that sense, I think the youngest generation is fully ready to live in a world with only digital money. 
As for your last question, I'd say absolutely. Things may be legal tender, but there's no fixed price on anything. If I don't want to accept your dollar because I don't believe in it, I can price my apples at $1 trillion dollars. There's no violence or force, usually, exerted on anyone to accept a certain price for an item, nor is anyone forced to sell anything at all, or indeed accept payment in any particular form. You can if you please tell your customers to pay in gold or bitcoin. Legal tender laws do exist and do have influence in some of these cases, but 99% of the time they're completely unnecessary as people are willing to accept money that the market values. And in places where the money isn't valued by the market, legal tender laws are often completely useless. (e.g. when a Zimbabwean bread cost 10 trillion and was self-destructing on inflation, most Zimbabweans simply used a non-legal tender currency like the US dollar instead, despite legal tender laws. Violence by the Zimbabwean government in this case wasn't useful to force anyone to accept the national currency, short of government employees).
But I don't think I've ever seen a country completely switch to a different currency when their old one wasn't insanely bad. There's no historic precedence that I know of. It usually takes a massive and prolonged currency crisis to get an often long overdue resolution to change currencies. As such I don't think it's likely to see e.g. the US switch to bitcoin. I think it's more likely it'll become a global asset class anyone can and will partially buy into like gold, as a store of value. I think it'll act as a currency in some parts of the world, even temporarily, where the national currency is failing. I think it'll also become a currency of choice for markets in which regular payment channels are restricted. (black and illicit markets.) But beyond that, I think it'll be a payment system that can power other currencies. (e.g. you can hold US dollars in bitcoin, transfer them using bitcoin, by locking in the price. Thus you can have national currencies in digital form outside the traditional banking system. Bitreserve is an early foray into this idea) which extends all the way to machine to machine based payments, for which a digital-native currency will be a very interesting candidate. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:34:36
@_date: 2014-10-04 11:49:57
A BashCo Bot! Innovation here never stops haha :)
In other news, I hope we can get a bit of a discussion going on statistics. There are barely any good stats for this ecosystem. Every industry, economy, city, has tons of statistics, market research agencies and government bureaus with data. I'd really love to see more of that for us, too. 
We know a few things, like wallets opened at Coinbase / Blockchain.info. We roughly know merchant numbers. But we barely have any news on how much in processed daily by payment processors, Bitpay mentioned over $1m a day earlier this year. There's barely any data about daily active users for wallets, sales for merchants, company valuations.
Exchanges are probably the most transparent about their volume (because liquidity is a key selling point), but it's hard to estimate how much of reported volume is truthful, how much is trader/bot based, how many actual deposits are done (depositing 1 bitcoin, trading it a million times on a 0% fee exchange using a bot, is meaningless data).
Hive Wallet recently reported their downloads and installs, I really appreciate that and applaud them. I hope more companies will follow to release more information.
I know some of it is inevitably going to be privacy sensitive. Some people don't like 'leaking' information that they've been active that day. I hope we can all find a middle ground here. (e.g. reporting a user was active, without tying it to any identity. This way you can still get some aggregate numbers.)
Some of the data is probably going to suck, but let's be honest about it. 
Bitcoinpulse is okayish. It's pretty limited as not many release their data, and it's mostly raw data (the interface could be a bit better) that can paint a bit of a wrong picture sometimes when taken in isolation. 
Tracking forum posts is an okayish proxy for user adoption, but not nearly as good as tracking monthly active users for the top wallets. Hope we can get there!
@_date: 2014-10-25 12:21:40
Absolutely. If the price was $10, $100, $1k, $5k, I'd still invest that which I'm okay with losing.
If people are daytrading this, sure, $700 is really crap. But for a lot of people, bitcoin is as many have described it an 'all or nothing' game. Either it becomes very pervasive and affects finance and potentially many non-finance ledger-based systems (like authentication, identification, contracts, deeds, voting), or it ends up failing.
There's no real middle-ground over the long-term. Either it'll become a trillion dollar industry worldwide (like the internet, energy, automotive, telephony, healthcare), or it'll die out and be practically worthless.
So whether the price is $300 or $700 or $2500 today, isn't that relevant in that context. Which is why I'd invest at all those prices, but only with money I can afford to lose, because I think the odds are bitcoin will indeed succeed.
But yes, I also bought some at $700. And if you look at the chart, bitcoin has had multiple bubbles in the past where it'd crash by 40-50% and take a long ass time to recover. Like when it went from $230 to $68. Ouch! Or when it dropped from $30 to $3! That's an insane loss. And guess what, it took over 1.5 years to get back beyond $30, but either of these prices is peanuts to today or 6 months ago.
So unless you can't afford that money or don't believe in bitcoin, I think you're good.
@_date: 2014-06-22 07:17:04
This wouldn't have happened it Apple didn't fuck things up though. Obviously Coinbase shifted its focus away from developing an iOS app when it was banned. If it wasn't banned, it'd have its own app continuously developed and wouldn't have allowed third-party apps.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:58:30
Probably late June, yeah.
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:26:14
YEAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa buddy!
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:50:47
Yeah I don't really care what you call it and market cap is a useful way of talking about it, but it's technically not correct that's all. I personally don't really care.
About different units, absolutely. It's common to speak about money supply in native terms because of national currencies. But there's no law that says that nor any technical definition that requires it. As long as there's an equivalent, we can talk about it in equivalent terms. In the same sense that a 3 mile bridge in the US can be spoken about in the rest of the world as a 5km bridge (or whatever). It's absolutely fine to talk about bitcoin's money supply as there being $6b dollars worth of bitcoin. 
For example: 
Is an article that looks at money supplies of lots of different countries all denominated in dollar equivalents.
Same with GDP, it's usually spoken about in terms of native GDP, but especially when trying to make comparisons or speaking to audiences who are not intimately familiar with the value of the currency, a native (e.g. dollar or euro or yuan) equivalent is given instead.
@_date: 2014-04-12 16:49:15
If you can argue that ATM fees can't go down, feel free to do so. I've spoken to several owners and people who want to become owners of ATMs and ATM fees can actually go down a lot. Current fees are mostly in surety bonds and banking, both can come down huge amounts once you get more ATMs operated by the same MSB. The other fees are for compliance and hardware costs and we've already seen these come down a lot.
For example, Robocoin's ATM costs tens of thousands. But we're already seeing bitcoin ATMs costing less than 1k meaning operators can bring their fees down a lot. Hardware costs for ATMs are already less than 1/10th of what they were a year ago.
Another example, Robocoin used to take a 34% cut on all fees. Now it has switched to a 1% cut. In other words, operators can charge a third of what they used to and make exactly the same profit they used to, only now incentivizing more volume and staying competitive. In addition, an operator can pay a one-time 10k and pay 0% fees to Robocoin. 
In other words, we're seeing massive fee reductions already happening in a span of 6-12 months of bitcoin ATMs. From ATMs of 20k to ATMs of 0.8k, from a 30% cut to a 1% cut. 
Lastly operators of course take a profit. In a world with little competition and 1 ATM per city they can comfortably keep fees high. But we're now hearing news stories left and right of confirmed orders shipping of 50 or 100 ATMs depending on the ATM manufacturer. Competition will drive down fees, too. (for example, Mt. Gox fees in 2011 are about 10x higher than fees are on Bitstamp today. And there are numerous exchanges, some of which are VC-funded, that have 0% fees)
Saying my discussion is not based on fact is just too easy. Not all data is always available, but I think I've supplied plenty of data to see why ATM fees can come down to the extent that it's pretty easy to compete with Western Union, if it isn't already on a small scale.
I'd be happy to hear you argue why ATM fees can't come down below 5% or below 2%, or to whatever lowest point you think it'll be able to go. I'm genuinly curious and I'd be happy to look into any data I've missed. Thanks
@_date: 2014-05-18 14:26:12
Okay so in short, this is what you have to wrap your head around. Gonna make a few shortcuts with the details here.
There's a private key and an associated public address right.
The address has bitcoins. The private key is sort of the 'password' to accessing these bitcoins.
But what does access mean? Well nothing, other than the ability to send the bitcoins. Sending bitcoins requires a transaction which is a message saying 'I'm sending these bitcoins to XYZ'. You then broadcast to the bitcoin network. Miners see the transaction and put it in the blockchain.
So how does the network verify that the transaction of bitcoins is actually made by the owner of the address in which those bitcoins are stored?
Well, that's where the private key comes in. You 'sign' the transaction with the private key. This is the cryptographic part. The result is easy to verify, anyone can see that the private key was correct or not, but nobody can know the private key itself from just looking at the signed transaction.
Guess what! You don't have to sign a transaction, you can also use the key to sign anything else related to the address that isn't an actual transaction. This way you can prove ownership of the address without making a transaction.
In short, transactions work by signing them with a private key which proves ownership of the address, but you can sign anything else, too, proving ownership of the address without making a transaction. Have your engineer look into that, it's easy.
When you read 'signing', just think of it as placing a digital signature with your private key, that only you (the owner of the private key) can make.
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:50:05
Great to hear, thanks for posting this.
@_date: 2014-05-28 13:15:15
Yes it's real, it's been real for quite a while actually, at least 1 month ago. I remember one of their senior engineers do a technical talk to other programmers about their API and introduced Bitpay as saying they did more than $1m in processing a day (I recall he said 'between 1 and 2 million per day' but I'm not 100% certain, but he definitely said more than 1m)
edit: found the video: 
It was also clear that in 2013 they announced more than 100m transactions processed.
And lastly, it's also clear they have 30k merchants, 40k was even mentioned recently. And if you compare that to numbers from 2013, this figure makes a lot of sense.
For example, they said they add about 1k merchants every week, which is about 10% growth per month, which is a little over 3x growth per year.
So for them to do 100m in 2013, and 1m a day (360m runrate a year) in 2014, is about 3.6x growth in 2013, which makes sense if their growth rates are currently 3x a year.
It also makes a lot of sense in terms of their $160m valuation that people called ridiculous, which is a very normal valuation. Look up discounted cash flow analysis, often used for valuation. If they take a 1% fee on transactions, they'll make about $5m in 2014. At a growth rate of 3x, 2015 will be 15m, then 45m, then 135m, then 405m in 2018 and over a billion in 2019. That's at current growth rates, which may not be sustainable, but they may actually very quickly accelerate if e.g. paypal integrates a bitcoin wallet in 3 years for example. So if you only take the first 5 years of projected revenue, a $160m valuation is very very reasonable.
Anyway, all the numbers check out, I've looked into this a lot the past few months and this isn't news to me. You can find it in my posts on reddit over and over again where I quoted 1m+ daily processing by Bitpay.
By the way I hope this puts the whole 'overtaking paypal' bullshit in perspective. Bitpay has as many merchants as Coinbase. So imagine they both do 1.25m, together 2.5m. If they processed only 50% of payments (my guess is closer to 80-90%), the total daily payments are just $5m. Paypal still does about 400m a day, mostly in payments, so let's not spread that bs anymore.
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:04:36
Great post, thank you.
@_date: 2014-08-23 12:46:10
I'm really hoping to see services like Bitpesa take off. It's a tricky challenge as the market is actually pretty competitive for the Kenya remittance corridor. 
But if they can pull it off, they very quickly have a consumer use-case that could take off.
The reason that excites me is because consumer adoption is lagging. Merchant adoption is a no brainer: 0% chargeback risk, 0% fees, 0% volatility risk, new market + marketing opportunity, easy integration, paid out in fiat like they always do, 0 security risks.
For a consumer, there's an average fee of about 1%, identity verification, security risks, volatility risks, new diligence duties etc
That's why we see a $50b household company like Dell say 'sure', but why you don't see the equivalent in consumers (50m regular users say 'sure' as they often do with lesser 'innovations' like snapchat or flappy bird)
But BitPesa is different. It doesn't allow you to buy goods with currency XYZ and help the merchant save transaction fees, reduce the merchant's chargeback risk, because consumers don't care about that. 
It helps the consumer send $100 for $103 instead of for $110, and that's powerful. It's a very clear (and PRICED) consumer benefit. I say priced because, bitcoin can bring consumer privacy, but that's priceless, it has no price, and people don't care too much. But they care about priced benefits, like a discount.
Basically bitcoin shopping right now is like a solar panel that gives you slightly more expensive energy than fossil, but is good for you and the planet. But BitPesa is that first solar panel that's not just better, it's also cheaper. It's a rough analogy but I hope you see my point.
On that point, I really hope to see merchants show leadership by researching their fee structure. If a CC transaction costs 2% and about 1% of all orders is fraudulently charged back, then show the leadership by discounting the bitcoin transaction by 0-3%. That's a huge marketing opportunity, you're doing justice to your consumers, and you're creating a better financial system that's cheaper for all. That's how you get consumers to use bitcoin en masse.
Apart from that, Circle. It's the simple, instant, free and insured company with aspirations beyond the US that my mom could use. Combine that with merchants that discount their cost-savings, and services like Bitpesa that offer cheaper remittance, and you've actually got a product that 100m people could use within 5 years, something that would get Paypal to integrate bitcoin for its 150m users, that would make an ETF meaningful, that would make any lobbying effort powerful. We need to get that ball rolling, and right now the 'priced' consumer benefits just aren't clear enough, and the wallets not free/instant/insured enough.
Anyway I can go on and on but that's the general idea.
@_date: 2014-12-23 06:37:28
It uses a two-way peg. Meaning side-chains are 'backed' by bitcoins. i.e. you could generate a billion sidecoins for every 1 bitcoin, but they'd only be worth the 1 bitcoin. And if those sidecoins become valuable, someone will take just 1 bitcoin and generate a billion of them. In other words I don't think it has any negative effect. Rather it's likely to make bitcoins much more important and valuable as everything is backed by them.
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:43:47
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:34:10
Exactly this. What is the difference between a centralized currency, and a by-design decentralized currency where GHASH controls the entire chain? NOTHING. Intentions don't fucking matter, that's the whole point.
I mean COME ON Ghash, it's SO SIMPLE. Ask yourself 1 question: would you give me your password if I promised I wouldn't misuse it? 
If the answer is no, then why the fuck would you expect all of us to be comfortable with you having the control over our bitcoin blockchain regardless of whether you promise you will or will not hurt bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:35:04
More than awesome, but I wonder...  is this less expensive for the consumer or does Xapo make a profit? I really wonder because it'd be a bit of a letdown if all it did was create regular 'expensive' creditcard transactions on Xapo's credit, and then sell the bitcoin to pay off Xapo. That's not really a bitcoin transaction.
@_date: 2014-10-19 21:28:24
You have a password, they have a deterministic key. Together you essentially get encrypted storage of seeds.
So not only do they never store your key, but they also don't store your seed in a form they can read (unencrypted).
Of course, there is no guarantee they won't change their software and save your password when you enter it, apply it to their database and take your keys. That's fully possible.
In short, any key generated by a third party must be considered potentially compromised. This may be fine to you. For example I'm fine with Circle having some of my money in their insured wallets under US law. They've stated they're insured, and on those terms I've entered into contract, and US law provides some security. If an employee goes rogue and steals my coin (likely impossible, as they probably build systems requiring collusion of many individuals including executives to steal) I'm insured under their terms. And the law provides some basic security, i.e. their very public team couldn't get away with saying 'we lied about the insurance', they'd have a huge legal problem. So I feel quite safe here. And I also don't expect the government to seize my account, if they would any bitcoins I'd have in cold-storage would become worthless pretty quickly anyway as it'd mean bitcoin has been hit extremely hard and put on the 'terrorist' type of list.
I trust blockchain.info, too. Cool, professional team. But, not insured. They, too, probably have security in place against an employee uploading some rogue software to the server. But unlike Circle, all bitcoins are essentially in hot-wallets with no insurance against internal theft. 
So what I personally do is keep a hot wallet with Circle for the above reasons, not Blockchain.info, for just a few hundred bucks. Got 2FA on there.
And then I keep the vast majority of my savings cold, on backed up encrypted paper wallets with keys that I generated myself offline. 
Again, any key you generate with a third-party is potentially compromised. The only situation in which I'd let a third-party have a key for the majority of my wealth is when it's just 1 of 3 keys, where the other 2 are generated by me, meaning theft isn't possible without my approval. Or when my coins are at an exchange briefly for trading, but I don't really do that.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:49:46
For all I care the user uses their own pin on their phone. This itself is better security than no pin. At LEAST, if you really want a no-pin system, do a no-pin by default and then in the settings let people add a pin and then prompt them 'If you lose your pin number there is NO WAY to recover your coins, are you sure?' etc. With a suggestion to e.g. write down the pin or use the same pin as your phone pin. That may not be very secure but it's better than nothing. 
I personally would not give using this a chance (beyond a tiny $50 spending wallet) without a pin or any type of security.
But I guess that's okay if that's his focus (small spending wallets only).
The github has a lot of talk of stolen (and jailbroken) devices. I don't think that's an immediate threat. If you use an HD implementation, you could simply use a seed. If the device is stolen, the user logs in to a website with the seed, clicks 'device stolen', and the website will say 'here's your new seed, the bitcoins on the old seed are transferred to the new seed.' or something like that. Then the user can just install the app on a new phone and load up the seed, or load it up into any other HD wallet. A user should be able to do this before anyone can jailbreak, crack a (stretched) pin and take out the bitcoins. I mean most thieves won't even know of bitcoin in the first place let alone have a cracking system set up at home.
But the more immediate security threat (phone stolen, phone used while person isn't looking) in the absence of even a simple numerical 4-digit pin is dangerous.
@_date: 2014-03-10 20:19:55
Could you link me? Cant find it, thanks.
@_date: 2014-05-19 23:20:45
Well let's make a few things clear.
Firstly, they cover for things like ACH transactions, these are generally 20 pennies per transaction. So if you buy bitcoin once a month, it'll cost them $2 or so per year. Remember, Paypal, Coinbase and Circle all give $5 to $10 when signing up (if referred). $2 per year isn't crazy. Look at Whatsapp, it was just acquired for $35 per user and most users don't even pay anything, I never have. So these fees aren't insane.
As I said before, for creditcard interchange fees you do pay the 2% yourself. They're not covering this. If they said they were, I'd have been really surprised.
So it appears that, if you buy $500 of bitcoin, they're going to cover the 0.05% in fees or 20 cents. Given that they have a limited amount of users (invite-only, probably a few thousand at most), this ain't exactly breaking the bank.
So the math adds up just fine. And if you're worried about them, I hope you find solace in the fact that they're a regulated money transmitter (required by law to keep 100% of reserves, not legally allowed to use reserves for operations spending) who handle their operations well. Like Coinbase or Kraken, Circle separates customer funds from operational funds. In other words, even if they go bankrupt, your funds are still there. This is completely opposite of Mt. Gox.
But feel free not to use them, I just don't think the risk-exposure would warrant such a decision.
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:19:32
Ugh, clickbait. That's not what the OECD meant or said or imlied. They said it can't be legal tender, which is true in the sense that a nation state is extremely unlikely to give up its monetary influence by making anything but its own currency legal tender. As as taxes always have to be paid in legal tender money, bitcoin can never replace currency completely.
But that doesn't mean it's not a currency or can't ever be. It also doesn't mean legal tender might just become that little thing you buy at the end of the year to pay your taxes, and bitcoin the actual currency. Not saying I think that will happen but it's within the framework of the OECD's own thinking for that to be possible.
So in short, they said bitcoin will never become legal tender because no nation state will give bitcoin such a position. But you don't need something to be legal tender for it to be a currency. In dozens of countries the US dollar is used as currency yet it's not legal tender in that jurisdiction, simply by virtue of being the more stable and desired currency. Bitcoin will be no different, a currency, too.
@_date: 2014-08-08 18:00:04
Brilliant. You contrived the idea of giving away money to lure customers, also known as a discount promotion. Only in this case it's not actually a discount incentivizing people to buy your product, it's really just free money they might just take and spend somewhere completely different (including cashing OUT of bitcoin). As such there's a high-risk and low-incentive for any one merchant, who by the way, are generally NOT bitcoin investors or fanatics that could benefit from wider adoption. 
Bitcoin faucets just aren't a very good even if you geo-tag them, but that's me. Perhaps I'm wrong.
Know how to convince me and everyone else? By actually doing this and showing it works. A proof of concept. 
Is giving away bitcoin going to help with adoption? Surely, I'm not arguing that fact. I'm asking and answering these other questions, too: Does it cost a lot? Yes. Are there more effective and efficient and better investment? Quite likely. Is there an incentive for a merchant to give away money someone may or may not spend with them? Barely. 
Look, no investor is going to get a return on investment by dropping $1k every week at some random place. It's a tragedy of the commons. Yes investors due invest broadly into the ecosystem (e.g. the recent investment in Lighthouse), but more often than not, early adopters invest in actual profitable businesses, e.g. Roger Ver with BitPay ($160m valuation), Safello, Blockchain.info etc. The first company processes about $400m a year in bitcoin payments. The last company has almost 2m wallets. That's the type of investments that build adoption AND provide a viable return on investment, not a geotagged faucet.
So again as I mentioned earlier, you could crowdsource this, make it a donation-based effort to build geographical bitcoin faucets. I doubt it'd be very successful (as trust me, others have tried) but that makes sense. But expecting an investor to structurally pour money in to this? I think it's a naive expectation but perhaps I'll be proven wrong.
In any case you really need to just organize this with a local business, with your own $300, with some friends and some enthusiasts from a local bitcoin meetup, build a crappy website that's mobile-friendly and bootstrap this thing. You need proof of concept, a demo, something to show. You THEN look for investments and use that to scale the product.
Good luck.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:30:59
Well no, if you don't have to, you have the rights to refuse. But if they suspect you of being drunk, I'd say you're probably not constitutionally protected from them taking your license away.
Again, not very familiar with this either but it checks out to me, atm.
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:22:07
@_date: 2014-04-12 09:57:20
You're missing my point mate. I'm not sure if you technically understand how a smart contract works, it's a bit tricky. So in short, bitcoins are basically slots in a public ledger called the blockchain to which one can have access with the slots' private key. This private key is de-facto the source of ownership. In the same way that a locker to which only you hold the key can be considered your locker as long as you have the key. 
Now this key can also be used for other things. For example, you could configure a future Tesla Car's on board computer to only open up if it is presented with a valid hash of a certain bitcoin's private key + a nonce value (for security, so that old hashes can't be copied by a malicious entity to gain access to the car with an older hash over and over again). This is actually already possible with bitcoin. You can then only open the car if you own the private key to that bitcoin. Funny enough, you can actually temporarily give someone else the private key and limit it by time (e.g. a week) and actually lend out your car. You don't have to meet or trust this person at all. Transactions can be set-up so that only once you get paid, automatically he receives access to the car for a week. And after a week, whatever he does, he loses access due to bitcoin's timed transactions. Again, this is already possible.
The kicker is though that 1 bitcoin can be divided into 100 million pieces like a dollar can be divided in 100 cents. And each piece, a satoshi, has this functionality. In other words, you can create millions of different keys for millions of different smart objects (physical things like cars, houses or safes with digital bitcoin keys to open them) with only $1 worth of bitcoin. It doesn't matter if the dollar value of bitcoin goes up and down, because smart properties don't deal with fiat money (volatility therefore is not a factor), they don't even deal with money at all, they only deal with programmable slots in a public ledger to create the functionality of digital keys. This is what bitcoin ALSO is. It can absolutely completely fail as a long-term currency, yet still be very important for completely other reasons. 
@_date: 2014-05-24 22:38:07
Thanks for the shoutout buddy :)
Indeed, some higher-ups (like Tony Gallippi) in the community have called 2014 the 'year of multi-signature'. There's a lot of work ongoing to make this easier to use.
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:39:13
Is that required though? For example, the internet is decentralized, there are loads of different parties making up the critical internet infrastructure, it can't be shut down, yet all these providers are professional entities. I think it's alright personally that professional tools are required to secure bitcoin, as long as these tools are ran by decentralized, trustless parties.
@_date: 2014-08-10 13:12:13
Well we are talking about bitcoin companies here like exchanges or wallets like blockchain.info (who report they pay all employees and expenses in bitcoin and have no bank account), so I'd hope they're super secure even if they didn't use bitcoin for payments :P
But that's true in general though, it's a good point. Multi-sig is pretty easy to setup once we've got a ton of implementations, open-source code, APIs etc. Everyone's figuring it out now, and at some point it'll be really easy for anyone to do, and it'll potentially be a lot more secure. You can easily create a secure internal computer, configurable by the management, that is required to co-sign any transaction. This computer would be configured to have spending limits, only send money to trusted addresses etc. And it'd not be able to send bitcoin itself, just co-sign transactions, the other transaction either being a regular employee (up to e.g. $100 a day, and everything gets logged on the blockchain) or a manager (up to xyz a day) or half the management directors (for very large transactions).
@_date: 2014-09-07 20:32:49
Just tell me if you'd have thought this was a shit product with outrageous fees if all it did was allow payments that are free (like it does), but you couldn't use an ATM or get it in an expedited manner. You could only pay with it (for free) and it'd be shipped to you one-time in a regular manner however long that normally takes. 
Almost nobody would give a shit. In fact, when Xapo first announced the card they said using an ATM wouldn't be possible with this card. Absolutely zero shits were given.
But suddenly they add this optional function that COMPLETELY didn't exist before, and now people call it outrageous. I understand when specifically talking about the fees, it's high. I don't argue with that, I agree with you. But what irks me is that some people (not necessarily you) have used this as an argument to mock the card, say the card and the company is shit. When again, if you couldn't use an ATM nor get expedited shipping, people would've praised this card that is free to make payments.
It's a cool thing. I don't use it, never will, as I keep both fiat and bitcoin and I'm fine using fiat where I can't use bitcoin. I'm not super thrilled about a card that essentially sells my bitcoin and then makes a normal crappy CC transaction that costs the merchant 3% and has chargeback risks etc. So I don't use the card. But the fees are the LEAST of my worries, I don't give a single shit about the fees as only an extremely rare case, or a complete idiot, or a very rich person would use expedited shipping. It's a one-time thing, it's just not an issue. A fee for a pin-change? It's like they had a fee of $1k for using the creditcard to draw a straight like, I don't give a shit as I never use it. Who cares if the fees are $1 million dollars to change your pin? Not many. And that's the point. I'm not saying the fees aren't ridiculous, I'm saying nobody cares as expedited shipping on a xapo card is not a big deal. ATM fee, sure some people use creditcards at an ATM, that sucks a little bit, but my creditcard is like that, too (same price), and again I can pay in any store and use them as an ATM for free.
So I agree with you fully, but I don't think it disqualifies or lessens the card much. Only a little bit with the ATM fee. Expedited shipping is just a joke that nobody needs to pay who doesn't want to. Pin change, well let's just say I can't speak for anyone else, maybe others do it all the time, I never have in 20 years that's all.
@_date: 2014-05-19 00:48:23
Well let's make a few things clear:
You can make bitcoin transactions digitally.
Thus, anyone can code a program that creates digital transactions on set intervals.
Thus, you can create recurring transactions/payments.
However, can you force someone to send you recurring payments? No, unless you have the access to those bitcoins. If you do, then yes, you can send yourself someone else's bitcoins to which you have access.
This is exactly like creditcards. If you don't know the credit card information of someone, you can't set up a payment from them to you. But if they give you their cc information, you can.
However, nobody is stupid enough to give away private key information to their bank anymore. That's a stupid and insecure system of the past.
However, a user might opt to have their money managed by someone else, like Coinbase. And a merchant might set up a recurring payment with them, with approval of the user.
Another option is time-locked payments. Essentially you put money in escrow, which is paid out monthly. After you put the money in escrow, you can't access it anymore and the merchant is ensured of his payment. However this is a bit of a crap system as if you pay for 1 year in advance, you have to put all 12 months in escrow, which you can't get out anymore. It'll be paid out monthly. You might as well just send it all over and let the merchant put the money to use. And if you can cancel the escrow, then it's no different from setting up recurring payments yourself.
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:36:00
That's governing by force, not by consensus. It's not why bitcoin was created or how it was designed.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:25:50
I'm trying to reach 21 bitcoin myself, it's becoming increasingly more difficult haha. But it'd be awesome to be '1 in a million'.
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:48:51
I'm quite okay with it.
1) TBF is not an official representative for the bitcoin protocol. It'd be like being an official representative for the law of gravity. Bitcoin is an idea, the idea-maker is gone and its implementation is done by many individuals, completely open-source and non-proprietary for anyone to view on github.
2) TBF is open to anyone. You can become a member, and if you're a member you can vote. It's like a country that lets anyone in and vote on what should happen with said country. Membership dues are paid to fund developers on the protocol.
3) You can make your own such organisation.
Meanwhile, everyone is complaining about TBF. Yet we barely see anyone create their own organisation. We barely see anyone fund protocol development. We barely see anyone become a member and vote. Yet these very same people are eager not just to let it be (let's be honest here, does anyone here think we had been better off without a TBF the past years?) but to go so far as to destroy it. It's just completely silly. It's like running for US president just to dissolve the country, as if it solves anything. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 11:07:46
Yes I did and I couldn't find a business model. They only had some vague notions of what a bank could possibly do, without tying revenue streams and expectations in numbers to any of that, backed up with data.
They did have three financial scenarios. How did they differ? Well, on the height bitcoin appreciation. In the worst case (12% 2014 appreciation) they stood to lose $0.5m in the first six months of operation. Of course we now know, bitcoin dropped by 40% in the first few months. Somehow, the best I could derive from their plan, was that it was based on bitcoin appreciation, which makes this not a bank but an investment vehicle with such gigantic overhead costs that it'd have about 10m in value, and lose 0.5m while an underlying asset appreciated by ~6%. It was ridiculous to me. 
So mainly two things always need to check out. One is a financial plan. The other is corporate governance. The rest generally works out because with those two, you get to a large extent an honest team working towards a common goal with an actual viable business plan. If you don't have either of those two, the business fails, if you have those two, things like security, marketing etc become relatively easy.
@_date: 2014-04-15 15:36:53
Very unlikely. After all, nobody is interested in prices in bitcoin right now. We are interested in prices in our local currency, and then some of us are willing to pay the bitcoin equivalent value, but we don't actually compare prices in bitcoin. 
The different currencies are there for neweggs different markets. A customer in the UK is not interested in a dollar price, might not even be intimitely aware of the value of a dollar right now. They just want to see prices in pounds. However, it'd be really strange to see a bitcoin-option because unlike pounds, there's not actually a place where tens of millions of people used bitcoins for the past few centuries and want to see prices denominated in bitcoins.
For example, Overstock doesn't denominate bitcoin prices. It just has a checkout that allows you to pay the bitcoin-equivalent of the dollar price.
In other words, nah.
@_date: 2014-12-02 13:16:24


Everytime you go to a new page, they refresh ads. That means they can pay for 1 article and show you as many ads as if they paid and got you to read 17. Ironically, bitcoin may solve this problem, as it enables non-ad based monetization through microtransactions.


Just got a mail from Bitreserve with some free gold, literally like yesterday :P
Seems this is the same article: 
@_date: 2014-11-19 14:39:44
1:15 to 1:25 
That was a March 17th talk. That's 8 months going from 'over 1m' to '1m'.  Blockchain.info had more than 1 million fewer wallets created, Coinbase had 800k fewer wallets (1m then, 1.8m today). 
I mean I agree, March was after a 6-month hype period starting November 2013 or so. And the summer is slow in retail. 
But it's November 2014, we've seen investments in bitcoin companies double or triple, hundreds of millions have poured in, loads of new people were hired, new features launched and merchants onboarded, we've seen about ten billion-dollar-retailers accept bitcoin the past year, wallets doubled, lots of new merchants. For the biggest merchant-services business to show literally 0 growth in 8 months in what's supposed to be a small, nascent and rapidly evolving ecosystem, about half a year after their $150m valuation, after sponsoring a bitcoin bowl, after reducing their fees to 0% for everyone, after launching their European HQ, is absolutely shitty. In the startup scene this would be a joke, you either grow 4-7% a week or you're written off. For a slightly more mature company growing 2-3% a week is still good enough. But growing 0% in 8 months, it's just pretty unheard of for successful ventures with only a few exceptions.
No mixed signals for me, it's worrisome. This was a pretty disappointing stat, can't get around that, looking forward to the next stats. I kind of hope they're just not very obsessing over keeping those stats recent and that it may actually be higher than the blog post says i.e. I've heard them say 'we've got 30k merchants' in interviews when their website already said '40k', so I always assumed the numbers in interviews and press releases weren't 100% accurate. But still, this seems like a real KPI you'd want to keep up to date and use as a talking piece all the time IF it's a nice number. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 21:47:02
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:26:05
Yes he did? Literal doesn't always mean exactly in those words, it means in the ordinary sense of the word without inaccuracies.


Turn the order around (keeping intact the same same meaning) and you get


Then make it concise, focusing on the most important bit, but keeping the meaning intact of what he did say




He has also literally word for word said:


So it's not at all inaccurate to say that he said:


For example if I say
'What to cook for dinner tonight is something I'm actively considering' is literally the same as saying 'I'm actively considering what to cook for dinner tonight'. There is no difference. It's not even paraphrasing, it's using the exact same words, not figuratively, not by analogy, not subjectively interpreted, it's the same thing.
In other words, I didn't 'make it mean what I want it to mean'. That's what he said pure and simple. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 04:53:07
No he didn't. They're called proxies and used ALL the time. So for example measuring literacy rates in Uganda is a great proxy for measuring things like economic growth in the next 10 years.
Daily active users plateauing for one of the most popular wallets is not a good sign.
Also, he added that there was no reason for this wallet in particular to plateau. As in, it wasn't like this wallet had some bug or some feature nobody liked. It plateaued due to overall interest not growing much, so it's very likely other wallets see similar numbers.
@_date: 2014-07-05 13:59:56
Raspberry Pi
Tails OS on a USB.
Combined with Armory or bitaddress.org, building secure (multi-sig or BIP38 encrypted) cold storage is really rather easy, and cheap.
Both are brilliant and pretty easy, too. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:46:56
Not really. It's old news that every payments company has looked into bitcoin, researched it, often commented on it in some form, and mention it.
I used to work in government for example as well as in business. It's extremely common practice when creating drafts of marketing plans or writing policy plans or when filing a patent to really mention each category that's relevant to your business.
So for them to mention 'non-traditional payments' is extremely normal. That's what a company does. Something new pops up, you categorize it as 'new/alternative/emerging/non-traditional' and mention it. But it doesn't mean shit, they're just keeping their options open, and that's something we've known for a year. There's a big difference between what Paypal's CEO said and something like this. The one is a genuine interest, the CEO owning bitcoin and stating they're looking into how to enable bitcoin and did open up Ebay to some virtual currency stuff, the other is just the same old, a company keeping its options open.
@_date: 2014-04-06 11:52:31
Indeed I wouldn't expect huge game changers, just incremental changes (e.g. increasing block sizes while making fees float and optimizing some things like propagation, validation, identifying bad actors etc). Such changes should occur because bitcoin dies without them, as such everyone is incentivized to switch over when the time comes.
@_date: 2014-05-01 14:52:51
Okay so your story is this:
Xapo comes along, they build a product that people are using, they're well-known reputable people, they get vetted by a number of billion-dollar professional VCs with a track record and get close to the largest investment in a bitcoin company ever ($20m vs $25m).
Then they allow pre-ordering a second additional optional product while they're developing the product, which isn't finished yet (hence pre-order), and now they're Neo &amp; Bee? What the fuck?
@_date: 2014-06-25 12:50:37
Heh weird they'd credit the police just now... This photo has been used for months on all kinds of different articles. I guess this article might be horribly outdated then.
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:31:34
If he hadn't said he thinks bitcoin will be very important... I mean, he could've worded it extremely differently as everyone generally does in his place. 'Bitcoin is unlikely to be important, but if it will, we'll be able to integrate it into Paypal. So far, there are no signs that bitcoin will ever succeed, but it's on our radar'. But he said something completely different, so I don't think this was really to calm down investors who, by the way, don't really seem to be all that worried. I think his investors worry more about Walmart's new money-transfer system and things like Stripe.
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:29:45
That's a no brainer. It's like saying "I think Manchester United will be promising when they'll win some games in a row steadily'. Or 'I'll think more highly of this medicine once it cures a few patients'. It really is a non-statement without any substance, that everyone can agree on.
The important question is 'do you think bitcoin and its ecosystem has enough competitive value to drive user adoption'. That question requires serious insight to answer and I haven't seen such an analysis from Peter, which I'd look forward to as I hold him in high regard generally. Not just as an entrepreneur, but specifically as a fintech entrepreneur, and one with an ideology. People forget he essentially tried to build the ideology that's often connected to bitcoin (open, global, free, money like email) at Paypal before he left. 
I quote:


So I'd look forward to more analysis from him. This one statement says absolutely nothing.
@_date: 2014-04-15 11:40:47
Not necessarily. Some companies are already paying their employees partially or completely in BTC. Coinbase allows you to purchase BTC extremely easily as if you're buying a gift card. (remember, gift cards 'always take more steps than fiat', still they're a massive industry and not just for gifting). Now for the first time, large established billion-dollar companies are integrating bitcoin into their systems (Stripe, Square). And there are now online-only banks and bitcoin-friendly banks, like Fidor in Germany that services the largest Euro exchange (kraken) which deals almost only with digital currencies, bitcoin being the largest.
Knowing all this, it'd be very reasonable to assume a bank to integrate bitcoin into their digital wallets. For example my Dutch bank has an app I use on my phone and ipad to make digital payments all the time. If it included bitcoin, I could easily buy bitcoin at my bank, or exchange fiat to bitcoin or vice versa. This would make it trivially easy to obtain bitcoin, it'd be as easy as making a payment using my bank's app on my phone today for some online product. Instead of an online product, I'd buy bitcoin and see it in my digital wallet sitting next to my fiat. And when my employer pays me out in bitcoin (which is already happening at several companies), I can hold it in my own btc wallet, or my bank's wallet, or Paypal's wallet. 
The possibilities are virtually endless. And let's not forget, if you buy a Gyft card with bitcoin and give it to your grandma, she'll be able to buy at Amazon easier than anything else (Gyft cards are a smooth process online) and she gets a 3% discount on her purchase because Gyft saves costs with bitcoin. So it's already possible.
@_date: 2014-11-26 11:30:13
Dank! :)
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:37:56
It's not.
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:12:31
I did, it's a Cyprus news article in greek. Check it out.
But let's be clear here, we know a few things to be definitely true. 
* 1) Danny, the CEO, has stated himself he ran out of money. At the same time we have his prospectus/business plan and platforms on which N&amp;B shares are traded that show he raised 10 million in capital. Again, he states they ran out of money.
* 2) Danny himself said he will be stepping down and not returning to Cyprus or Neo &amp; Bee
* 3) Danny was unavailable for contact. This was confirmed by multiple individuals, investors, the media, and people like you and me on reddit &amp; bitcointalk where Danny used to be active. Posting daily updates is not expected, but when you leave the country after the business fails to service 1 single customer and investors are asking 'what's up', you can't simply disappear to all these people for two weeks.
* 4) Danny has written a prospectus showing 3 scenarios. A 12%, a 80% and a %400+ bitcoin price increase in 2014. In the first scenario where bitcoin increases by 12%, they lost 0.5 million between Feb and August. This scenario didn't pan out, because in the first two months of operation, bitcoin lost about 50% of its value, meaning they're incurring HUGE losses.
So I'm JUST citing things that HE said or that HE wrote. And that's enough reason for FUD: fear, uncertainty and doubt. If you don't fear, are uncertain or doubt the past and future of Neo &amp; Bee knowing the above, I think you're absolutely ignorant of facts. I'm not trying to spread FUD here, the statements made by the N&amp;B CEO are the definition of FUD. Do you agree?
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:48:50
As for worldwide, you only need to look at annual revenue of paypal, that's all the fees they ask from their customers, after all. It stands at about 6.6 billion a year or 20m a day. 
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:41:12
What? No, PAPER money is something people have. You forgot a fairly major detail yourself, which is that money can be anything. And indeed, 90% of the money I use is completely digital. I always use my card to pay just about everywhere, and I have automatic monthly transactions for all my fixed costs (rent, phone, insurance etc). All of this is completely digital and I don't 'have' it. Sure I can go to a bank and ask for this digital money in paper notes, but I can also go to my bitcoin wallet and print this money in paper notes. There's surely a difference, it's not exactly the same, but it doesn't mean the one isn't money and the other is.
Anyway, I wonder what your actual point was. Does it matter to you that something is tangible?
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:43:05
1 upvote!
Thanks for posting this.
Very interesting last two points that explain how Purse.io has a long-term raison d'etre, which is more interesting to me than details about this incident. (all due respect and support to the OP, but shit like this happens every now and then.)
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:11:50
It kiiind of is an online-only switchover, in that they have 3 ipads in every store on which they do sales. That means they process payments as if they're processing an ecommerce web-payment, only instead of shipping it they give the product to you in the store. So it's not really a big leap in terms of training staff, investing in new PoS hardware etc. They really just integrated a new plugin in their webcommerce, probably by pressing a few buttons, and now staff is instructed to press a button, turn around the ipad they already had with a QR code and say 'thank you' once they see a confirmation of payment on the ipad from Coinbase.
Still it's really awesome for all the other reasons, but not because they went all out and made a big bet on bitcoin. It was an easy integration and they've they said very explicitly. They also said they wouldn't do things like allowing people to cash in their gold/jewelry for bitcoin even though they probably could.
@_date: 2014-03-15 22:27:19
He is right. What people must realize is that the distributed concensus model of the public ledger is secured my nodes doing proof of work. We call those nodes miners, and they only exist and invest millions in hardware BECAUSE bitcoins have financial value as a currency/commodity/asset. Without bitcoin the currency, Bitcoin cannot exist because there is no financial incentive to drop millions on hashrate. Without such massive hashrates, network security is simply too weak for any purpose, a 51% attack would be trivial.
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:59:17
Holy shit that was boring. It was like watching glenn beck making all kinds of crazy connections. 
I'm not kidding, on one slide he discussed
Rousseau, Kant, Hegel, Marx, Nietzsche, Lenin, Third Reich, Mao, Pol Pot.
Now I've spent many hours on this in college, even in high school, but I never ever would think of putting them on one slide in relation to bitcoin. And this was just maybe 5% of his presentation, it goes on and on and for the first 30 minutes there's no point. And then after 30 minutes he starts talking about how bitcoin is subversive, while that was absolutely clear without the elaborate history lesson.
I mean I love history and it's good to support arguments with (historical) evidence, but this was just crazy. Fine for him to do a speech, but as a keynote speaker to the biggest ever bitcoin conference... let's just say, if I only watched the keynote, I'd be reaaaaaaally disinterested in bitcoin really quick. Keynotes are supposed to be amazing, at least in getting people excited before the deeper stuff happens.
@_date: 2014-04-11 15:50:59
A combination would likely be better than either one alone. However, it's very experimental. Altcoins (or future 'side chains') could take on these experiments and bitcoin could definitely switch over to a POW+POS system some day. But again, it's untested still.
@_date: 2014-08-24 11:36:23
Not sure if it'd be an ETF exactly. There's been some talk of a new fund launching on a smaller exchange, not the nasdaq, can't find it now. And they've been looking to launch an exchange themselves, probably similar to something like ATLAS ATS, but with their own BIT security being traded more fluidly.
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:33:16
Yup. 
Just a final point on 'can't withdraw btc'. I was wondering if that was really true as it felt strange. But considering it, that strikes me as pretty ridiculous. I'd have to check the video again but... they're trying to build a wallet first and foremost. A wallet to allow you to instantly buy bitcoin and then spend it anywhere. e.g. you can spend it on Overstock to buy stuff with bitcoin. But if you can pay Overstock, you can also pay me for boring you with reddit posts. And if you can pay me, you can also just pay yourself, i.e. send bitcoin to yourself. It won't be called 'withdrawing bitcoin' it'll just be called 'spend bitcoin' or 'send bitcoin' and you'd enter one of your own public addresses.
So you can probably withdraw bitcoin just fine, else it's not bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-28 13:21:17
My personal estimate is that total bitcoin payments are about two orders of magnitude (100x) smaller than Paypal.
It also seems that Bitcoin seems to grow by about 3x per annum. At current rates it may be possible to displace Paypal's current size within 5 years, so a 10 year timeframe isn't unreasonable. 
@_date: 2014-07-06 14:31:29
Hehe I'm really hoping it'll take off in Morocco. I know a lot of people unable to move their money out of the country due to the capital controls. They earned it, yet can't take it to the place they'd love to live most if that happens to be outside of Morocco. Not even after paying some tax like 30% to support the Moroccan economy that enabled them to earn this money. Just not, at all, possible. Crazy.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:14:45
Yeah that sounds plausible, bit too far fetched to really go with it, but it's certainly plausible. A SR-tied freeze raises loads of questions, like why the US government doesn't report on this case at all. It's not like anyone at risk of this investigation is not aware of an investigation. It also seems pretty strange to seize funds but then allow Mt. Gox to continue otherwise. etc. It also seems as if the bitcoins weren't stolen until 2014, doesn't seem to be related to SR or anything really. 
Let's not forget, even if the government seized funds in relation to a case, they'd only seize the funds held by customers under investigation. Mt. Gox's liabilities to these illegal customers would disappear with the funds Mt. Gox's held for those customers. It shouldn't affect the balance of the books.
It raises lots of questions and speculation, that's why, while certainly not impossible, I feel it's far fetched. It would certainly explain why Karpeles has essentially provided no information though, even though he knows two things: 1) which addresses last held the 'lost' bitcoin. (and which hold them now, if they moved.) 2) if he still remembers the private keys and how they were stored, who knew them. Both these things would go a long way to explain a lot of things, I can't think of many reasons why he wouldn't disclose this. Why he makes it very ambigious as to what 'lost' means, stolen, lost, forgotten etc.
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:20:20
That's good to know (any source?) but I don't understand how it would change anything I said.
Fact is, users / wallets growth outpaces merchant growth. 
And, there aren't that many payments. I didn't mean 'exchange trade', I meant payments from consumers at merchants. Bitpay did 100 million in payments between customers and businesses a short while ago, it took them 2.5 years or so to reach this amount. At the same time, the blockchain shows that about 60 million dollars worth of bitcoin are being transferred every day with some days as high as 300 million dollars. For example, a year ago Coinbase processed only 30k dollars per day. Its largest retailer, Overstock, took 2-3 months to process 1 million, during the same time about 8 billion dollars worth of bitcoin were moved.
So I don't think payments at merchants are as big of an influence as people think.
By the way, interesting fact: about half of all bitcoin buys/sells at Coinbase are not sourced from exchanges, they're just moved internally, much like an exchange. I wouldn't be surprised if Second Market is one of the buyers matching their sells, but I'd love a source for this.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:34:29
Yup :D
@_date: 2014-02-17 10:36:55
The graph is nonsense. It shows no transaction growth at all in five years. Truth is, BTC transactions were in Year 1 to Year 5: 30k, 200k, 2 million, 10 million, 30million.
Besides this, the total transaction volume in dollars exceeds mPesa. The past 3 months Bitcoin has done (low/high) 60 to 300 million dollars in daily transaction value. mPesa is said to do about 25 million in daily dollar value.
I won't go in to the fact that Bitcoin is pseudonomous, decentralized and that to send $1 to a registered/unregistered mPesa user costs $0.27/$0.66 (no joke, check their website) while Bitcoin is virtually free. 
This article is a COMPLETE joke.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:00:24
hehe yeah it's pretty cool to be able to say 'this card pays you not from my euros in my bank account, it pays you from bitcoins in a wallet that I don't keep in a bank'. Not the type of convo to have at walmart, but for shops with lower customer volume, that might open up a fun chat, indeed about how you'd save money on both sides if he actually took bitcoins more directly. (e.g. through Bitpay)
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:29:36
I think you fail to see my point.
When someone asks me to build me a little clock-function for a webapp in javascript, I'm not going to go crazy if the job is quoted $200. I simply say 'I'm a developer who works on projects for weeks involving thousands of dollars, this is not a job for me, it's a job for a CS college student who does some freelance work and spends 5 hours on a $200 job, instead of working at McDonalds for $50 for 5 hours'.
That's how I look at this particular job. Nowhere did he say 'looking for a  high-profile Silicon Valley UI company to work with me on designing our flagship app for iOS the next 3 months'. He wants a mockup for a small feature (a UI design element that shows threads are grouped together), that's it. 


He didn't. That's the whole point. I take issue with calling someone a cheapskate when he's putting up his own money with no profit-motive to see if there's someone who'd like to do the job. Yes it'd be pretty ridiculous if he quoted that to a studio, but that's a straw man, nobody but you mentioned a studio. This really is one of those Odesk type of jobs. Jeff Garzik is not looking to build a hip app for yuppies with an awesome design like Coinbase or Circle try to do. He just wants an upgrade to 'programmer art'.


I know what that's like bud. I don't think this fits the category. 
@_date: 2014-08-02 20:04:02
Cry me a fucking river. Listen if they did this to fuck you over, you can talk and show me the evidence. 
Seems to me they're just building the best debitcard product they can offer you, in partnership with existing parties (there's no other way) who obviously aren't going to offer a free service. 
It's just one of the various products they offer, and it's completely optional, you don't have to use it. I won't, I don't like the fees. That's as simple as it is. Other people like the fact they can store their wealth in bitcoin AND use it for payments anywhere they could with their regular bank account for a monthly fee of a few bucks. But that's completely optional. And in fact, if you ordered early, they'll pay the shipping fees and all for you.
As for their page? Well, first of all, sorry, but shit changes. Companies negotiate the best terms and this is what they come up with. Why feel so entitled? Feel free to develop your own partnership. But really you're exaggerating, too. They've always said it's not free, there'd be a $15 cost to to set it all up and that's still true today. They said use was free (i.e. making payments) and it is, and they said ATM withdrawals wouldn't be possible (now it IS possible, only it'll cost you. I'd rather have the option to pay and get service, than not to have the service and have a 'free' product). Yes, the monthly fee sucks, and they didn't communicate it before, but they're not forcing you to buy anything.
Also, we can really do without the following bs:
* you're corporate and perform corporate tricks
* you're worse than a bank
* you're the most hated bitcoin company in the world (hilarious)
In short, as all things, it's for some people and not for others. It's not for me, and apparently not for you. But why go apeshit about it? It's not like they're intentionally tried to negotiate the most expensive debitcard in history.
@_date: 2014-08-13 23:19:24
Yes he did spend two years courting regulators... Then he discovered bitcoin in late 2013 and staerted Circle in feb 2014.... Makes a lot of sense.
Look when a company asks for regulatory clarity because no ban or insurance company wants to work with them without it, its not the same as asking for bs regulation like Lawskys. Jeremy is a stand up guy, just look into a bit of his history and life. Everyone unjustifiably assumes the worst about him somehow.
@_date: 2014-05-18 09:52:04
Are there any videos of the panels or speeches???
@_date: 2014-05-14 12:54:06
Holy shit, I'm pretty skeptical whenever someone says 'bill gates likes bitcoin' or something, but this seems to be pretty genuine. 
It wouldn't at all be surprising after this comment if you see eBay making a move within 6-12 months, and that's a pretty big thing.
@_date: 2014-09-10 22:48:13
Dayummmmm. Just, awesome.
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:15:37
Hhahaha traitor!
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:48:55
Think I've seen at least some tablets on Tigerdirect. But companies tend to stock up for black friday and christmas stuff, and historically bitcoin black friday has seen nice promotions and discounts. I'd be patient :)
@_date: 2014-06-14 11:09:59
yeah buddy
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:12:49
Check the old wallet. It doesn't seem to have broadcasted.
@_date: 2014-05-10 17:58:00
This is a great ask me *anything* :p 
I guess it should be AMABDEAAAA, ask me anything but don't expect an answer at all! :D
@_date: 2014-10-23 12:59:24
Doubt it's spyware on TAILS, unless you got your TAILS from a screwed source of course.
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:48:59
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:47:26
Haha, oops. 
@_date: 2014-08-19 23:06:19
Well look, Coinbase is a regulated company. What do you want them to do, break the law? That's ridiculous. 
Just buy your coins there, take em out, send em through a mixer, and use them however you like. 
At some point you'll get such a large bitcoin economy going that you don't need to use Coinbase to cash in/out coins for playing poker or whatever. You can just trade with anyone locally, as if it were cash.
And at that point, Coinbase will be an amazing service for your everyday use like buying groceries or shopping on Amazon. But why ask of a regulated company to break the law when there's great alternatives out there.
Not saying it doesn't suck, but it's got nothing to do with Coinbase or bitcoin, it's just simple US law applying to money transmitters. If you want to break the law (and you clearly are) then at least be smart about it. (in this case it's a victimless crime, I think it's fine)
Not directing this to the OP btw, he's just doing a great PSA, just saying this to the people in this thread who surprised and mad at Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:35:09


Meh. You're telling me if the Chinese housing market grows by another 400% in the next 5 years we still aren't allowed to call it that until it inevitably crashes?
Look I appreciate that 'bubble' may technically not be the right word to use. (there is no single, standard definition, btw.) Way overpriced in the short term based more on a frenzy of speculative buying than actual value/utility, might be a better description of the thing we're discussing here. But within the context of discussions about bitcoin in the media it's often criticized for being a 'bubble' by (financial) journalists, the OP in this thread addressed such people on *their* use of words, so let's not argue semantics too much and just argue the point.
Anyway, contrary to your experiences I don't know of anyone who uses the word bubble purely and exclusively in hindsight. It's more like the wikipedia article:


Under this more common (in my experience) definition, I'd definitely call it a bubble on the first point (it trades at a higher price and volume than we would expect from merely the utility that bitcoin has for a few million people.) On the second point, I'd say it's not a bubble in the sense that I do believe the views about the future that would support such a high price level are plausible. i.e. I believe bitcoin has a genuine chance to become an important element of our financial system used by at least hundreds of millions of people (knowingly as a currency or unknowingly as a protocol)
You're more referring to this:


@_date: 2014-06-08 19:49:46
Difference between Andreas and me is that, he believes in bitcoin as a concept. As in, if there's a 51% attack, that's okay, we can kick them out and the blockchain lives on. And that's completely true.
But for me, a 51% attack means Bitpay and Coinbase can't safely continue their business anymore because their transactions might be disrupted. It means 70 thousand retailers who take bitcoin through them, can't take bitcoin anymore.
It means exchanges shut down because they can't pay out fiat for bitcoin deposits they might not have once the longest blockchain changes to one in which none of the bitcoin deposits actually happened.
Same for ATMs.
It means people lose trust and lose faith in the concept, even if it only happens once, that's not something a nascent technology can afford. If you're huge, you can get away with this stuff once in a while, but not if 99% of the population things you're running a ponzi scheme already, you need a really really clean track record.
And it means VCs and banks won't like it anymore and regulators will panic and try to protect consumers by banning it.
In short, it'd be a disaster, even if the blockchain works perfectly fine the next day. That's why I think this video is bs in a practical context. Andreas is an ideologist with a long-term perspective, if not now, in 10 years, that's fine for him, which I respect very much. But it's also a bit silly in practice, 51% attacks are absolutely a concern, not just a theoretical one.
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:31:00
Price ususally lags good news, and news lags price! It's a bit of a paradox. I'll explain.
Say there is great news, like Amazon takes bitcoin. That doesn't mean my dad will immediately buy bitcoin. He'll see it and make a mental note. Then he'll suddenly start to see bitcoin in news articles, for one because he's more aware now that he has his mental note, and because media writes bout it more often due to the good news.
He reads and reads and slowly he starts to form an opinion. Amazon works as a cognitive bias, and he feels bitcoin is more credible, and starts reading into news to explain why Amazon would accept bitcoin, this cognitive bias leads to seeing bitcoin more positively.
Weeks later he is convinced, and buys his first bitcoin. 
The same process happens with large investors, VC investors etc. It takes a while to form an opinion. So demand lags good news, meaning price lags good news, too.
On the other hand, every now and then not much happened with the price, yet there was good news. Even though there's no immediate extra adoption, existing bitcoin investors expect a price rally, soon, because the price must follow all this good news at some point. And so there's this self-fulfilling prophecy.
In short, people don't immediately react to news, and every few months all the sentiment is consolidated into the price.
The opposite is true, bad news has quick consequences because existing investors expect a price reduction and quickly short, increasing the effect.
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:49:35
Yes, this is an awesome analogy! 
But there *are* solutions, often bitcoin based. For example, one can keep cold storage funds that can only be emptied if e.g. 5 of 10 key management employees verifies the transaction. 
Funds can be signed/verified with proof of ownership. 
Companies can be more transparent about who they are and what they do, what their history is and what reputation they have. 
The company has a written policy to be followed by each employee. e.g. never have less than 90% outside of cold storage. Cold storage cannot be emptied without 50% of the management signing the transaction. 
This is far from perfect, but it's a big step. It shows users the funds are there (no fractional reserve), that the funds are on the blockchain, that funds cannot be stolen unless multiple people are actively complicit in stealing funds (if theft occurs, their keys have signed the transaction which is a breach of company policy making this something customers can sue them for because funds were entrusted to this company on the basis of e.g. cold storage policies that had to have been breached) etc. There are loopholes yes, but we have to move forward to shape self-regulation and it will improve over time.
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:30:07
Thanks! 
Could you elaborate a bit on what the benefits would be of the locking process over simply experimenting with an altcoin outright? 
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:16:54
Absolutely man. That's been my gripe with the doge subreddit for a long time. It's gotten a bit ridiculous at this point.
If you go there you might see a few people posting 'test' threads. They'll post something like 'If you read this DO NOT post in this thread, I'm testing bots, thanks.' and you'll see 30 generic doge replies by bots right after, including extremely small tips (fraction of a penny), made by bots in the hope to gain (more) money from tips.
Some of the bots actually post 'I'm a bot made by my owner to collect dogecoin :D' or something to that effect.
@_date: 2014-06-30 07:52:02
Raspberry Pi.
Or, just run Tails OS on pretty much any computer. It doesn't use the harddrive and leaves no trace.
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:46:47
Well you can't view a wallet, you can only view a certain public address.
That means you can have 500 addresses in your wallet if you'd want. You'd have 1 with all your savings, and one with some grocery money, and there'd be no way to know they are yours or in the same wallet. So if you pay someone with your grocery keys in your wallet, they can't see your savings account keys.
That's the idea. Then there's lots of other things like tumblers and mixers. e.g. if you make a payment of 10 bitcoin to X, you actually send it to Y and tell them to join it in with some other bitcoin and then pay X. What Y does is take your bitcoin and the coins from 10 other people and then mix it and send it along.
This way X is actually receiving bitcoins from addresses from other people and not you. So if they now check the address they'll get some random person's address and not your information. 
Some wallets do this with every single transaction. This way it's almost impossible to trace (unless you hire some big security experts, just like you could hire a private detective to find out a friends' net worth, almost nobody does that shit) what and how much money you own and which keys are yours.
A lot of people are working on implementing this into every wallet and even into the protocol. This way you have even more anonymity that's impossible to track unless you spend a lot of time and effort.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:28:47
@_date: 2014-05-25 13:09:04
How fucking dumb are these people? Bitcoin is brilliant, but it's like saying the internet will overtake newspapers in fucking 1994 THAT YEAR.
Want reality? Bitpay and Coinbase process about 90% of payments and their numbers total about $5m a day. Paypal does close to half a billion dollars everyday.
@_date: 2014-05-14 16:45:57
The internet dis-intermediates a lot of businesses, but it didn't mean internet businesses wouldn't exist.
For example, the internet reduced to expense of making long-distance calls, but that doesn't mean Skype isn't making any money.
Similarly, bitcoin reduces expenses of making payments, but it doesn't mean the systemic costs of is going to be 0 or that the only service-provider for making payments is an asic mining blocks. 
That having been said, once Paypal does enable bitcoin, I'd expect their cut to drop and I'd expect users to start moving to places like blockchain.info and Coinbase. 
I'm most excited about bitcoin being introduced to 150m paypal users and many merchants worldwide, whether that's through Paypal or anything else I don't really care. What's important for me is that bitcoin gains mainstream exposure, accessibility and credibility. Once that happens, who needs paypal?
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:32:47
What prediction is that? Any source? Sounds very silly. Bitcoin market cap and a stock market cap have nothing in common.
@_date: 2014-06-20 16:24:07
It's certainly not a 1:1 metric of users. But it shows a trend. It's probable that the ratio users:wallets is probably pretty stable. (e.g. average of 3 blockchain wallets per user?) So if you see a 10% growth in wallets (e.g. from 100 to 110, you know there's a more or less 10% growth in users, too. (e.g. from 30 to 33)
So it's a decent metric for user growth, just not a 1:1 (1 user is 1 wallet) metric.
The more interesting one for me is active wallets but we don't get that data.
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:39:40
Bitcoin Distribution
I think it's great everyone gets the $100 and I think it's important not to attach many requirements to it. As in, if people *really* want to cash out right away, they should be able to, even though it'd really suck.
But I think we should focus on the process leading up to the bitcoins actually being transferred to the students' wallet. One of these things could be a Bitcoin Coursera. Shouldn't be too big, it should be 10% mandatory and 90% optional. They'd need to watch a 3 minute video on bitcoin, and then answer some very basic questions with little jargon. Then they get the option to watch the rest and take some tougher questionnaires optionally with no consequence if they fail, or get the bitcoin right away.
Another thing I mentioned earlier is that they're asked a simple question 'Are you going to immediately cash out these bitcoins?' and if they say yes, point out to them they ought to consider e.g. A B and C uses of bitcoin, with A being sending the $100, without transaction fees, instantly, to a charity that can do something very meaningful for Children's education in developing countries. At least then they see how easy bitcoin is and how it can enable frictionless, costless global transactions.
Stuff like that :) 
@_date: 2014-10-15 17:50:53
Are you familiar with the background?
In 'short', someone paid $20k in December 2013 for a machine to arrive and launch in March (for which they also rented a place locally to put the machine). It was delayed until like July or something, and he got a damaged machine. Spent months on the phone trying to fix it. Still didn't work, 9 months later he's out $30k and he's never had a single day that the machine worked.
So he returns it, insured. WHILE shipping, they then say they found the issue and fixed it. Note, the machine hadn't even arrived yet. Clear bs. It then arrives and they say it's damaged, although the insured shipping makes no notice of this. Clear bs. They then say they're just a reseller, his issue is with the manufacturer he never dealt with, trying to push off liability. Clear bs. They then tell him he must pay $5k to 'restock' a damaged item, which is illegal as customers have a right to a free refund in the case of a damaged-on-arrival product. Clear bs. Then they tell him he will be made whole, but only after they sell the returned item, as if that's his concern. Absolutely no legal basis for this. Clear bs.
Of course, all of this happens by email where they ignore his mail for weeks, and reply here or there with bs promises and stories, meaning all of this wasn't resolved after 10-11 months of hassle, and again all this time he's out $30k and got absolutely nothing (except 50 hours of mailing, calling, arguing and a whole bunch of stress and a failed business opportunity).
Then after making this public, we get someone who says the customer was impatient, offensive, not helpful etc and no mention of any refund.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:20:50
Okay omnipotent person. I'm sure you know 100% of the facts and know all about the Japanese and American legal system in which Karpeles has lawsuits against him. I'm sure you can predict the full outcome and I'm sure you're right when you think governments look at bitcoin theft as being a non-criminal act because it's 'funny money'. You're right...
All these people at all these companies, all these VCs, all these independent parties, the people working at fincen, the regulators that have spoken on bitcoin, the banks that partnered with bitcoin companies, the institutional investors, they all see bitcoin as funny money that nobody cares about if 0.5 billion of em are stolen. All the talk about protecting consumer interests, regulation and the cases like Liberty Reserve, a virtual currency that was completely shut down because they were dealing in 'funny money'.


Listen, I'm not making a case that governments are going to compromise their fiat currency, don't be ridiculous. I'm saying that if 0.5 billion is stolen of whatever store of value and you have hundreds of people filing tens of lawsuits, the judicial system is not going to simply ignore it. But don't take it from me, a lot of people are saying this, Andreas said that he was likely going to jail just a few hours ago.
Anyway, time will tell.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:02:26
Yeah, that was funny. Not only is it complete bullshit in OECD countries, and even bigger bullshit outside, but even if it was fine, it can be better. It's like saying in 1950 you don't need a typewriter, you have a pen, in 1980 you don't need a computer, you have a typewriter, in 1995, you don't need internet you have a phone/tv/newspaper, in the nineties you don't need a mobile phone, you have one at home... The list is endless, from the beginning of time to now you can name a million things that were 'just fine', and shortly later turned into 'it's unthinkable we go back to that', like it's generally unthinkable we go back to a world without internet or computers, one day it'll be unthinkable to go back to our legacy financial systems.
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:53:04
Try to search on google to get a sense of how big 2^160 is. I wrote a quick example as to how long it would take to simply generate 1% of all possible bitcoin addresses here:
In short, if you spent every waking second since the start of the universe billions of years ago, generating billions of addresses, you wouldn't even have generated one trillionth of a percentage point of all possible addresses.
The exact number is 1,461,501,637,330,902,918,203,684,832,716,283,019,655,932,542,976.
In short, there's absolutely no practical application one can think of (including giving a unique bitcoin address to every atom in our solar system for whatever reason) that'd make us run out of addresses.
@_date: 2014-12-24 13:09:26
Look into Mpesa costs, you can easily pay 10% on a basic transaction. For example to send $6, it costs about $0.69. That's a huge tax on basic economic activity.
It's amazing still, but it's the best of a number of crappy alternatives, it's still crap. And it's imo pretty limited. Yes it can do basic payments, but if you want to save a large amount of money, do contracts, loans, international payments, subscription payments etc, it falls short. 
To put this into perspective, MPesa powers 70% of the countries transactions, but only 2.3% of its volume. In other words, while it's great for basic payments, it's only a tiny fraction of the country's economic activity. And it's only 0.2% of deposits. In other words, lots of economic activity and wealth storage isn't feasible with Mpesa.
Still it's a really great solution because the next best alternative is still pretty crappy. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:28:57
A lot of the VC investment is long-term. Lot's of companies got about $250m together, not to buy bitcoin, but to hire engineers to build product. That takes months, Circle for example is slooowly opening up its beta. So apart from hype, there isn't anything driving the price very much at the moment, all the investments are long-term.
As for why the price dips, well refer to this post where I claim there's about $5m daily selling pressure: 
The price will rise on big events like an ETF happening, a big company like Paypal or a small bank integrating bitcoin, or a country's economy being in trouble. Look at Argentina now, they have 1 more day for their debt negotiations before they're de facto bankrupt as a country. Who knows what tomorrow brings.
@_date: 2014-04-27 09:53:05
Absolutely, and so does mining. 3600 coins are mined every day, at prices of $500 a coin that's $1.8m dollars of which a good portion are sold on exchanges every day, together with about 3-5m worth of merchant revenues. On a normal day exchanges do about 15m worth of transactions, so quite a large portion of that seems to be actual payments. Over time this ratio would improve as miners hold bitcoin more (if the price is more stable and more driven by growing adoption rates rather than FUD) and as merchants either hold bitcoin more, or start using it to pay their suppliers and employees.
@_date: 2014-08-09 10:27:38
The topic title is pretty vague (will we see a year of losses to happen starting November, or will we see that a year of losses has happened by November), unnecessarily ambiguous and arbitrary (why starting November, why would it not start in August, September, October or even January?)
So I spoke about BOTH scenarios. I spoke about whether we could consider the past year a losing year, as well as the next year, which was the bulk of my post. My analysis was not about now, the bulk of my post is about what's likely to occur and keep occurring the next 12 months and how it might affect the price. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:43:48
I suggest a beginner course in corporate finance on something like coursera. The terminology is important here and the field of finance has figured this out for a long time, I can recommend it.
So in simple terms, a costs per transaction is a variable or marginal costs depending on context. Any cost per XYZ is variable, any 'cost of 1 extra XYZ' is marginal. For example, what is the cost of driving a car 10km extra, that's a marginal cost. It does not include the costs of building the car or building the road on which it travels. 
A marginal cost of manufacturing for example is 'if you build 1 more teddybear, that costs 5 extra dollars'. Anything where you can say 'per xyz' such as 'per transaction' is a marginal cost or more accurately actually in this context a variable cost.
You'll easily see that even if 0 transactions are made, the systemic costs of the bitcoin network are 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes. Similarly, if 1 million transactions were made, the costs were still 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes. You see that transactions are not correlated with these costs, therefore they're not variable costs, they're not 'per transaction' costs. They are systemic costs.
In fact, what the 25 bitcoins per 10 minutes are is inflation of the money supply. Bitcoin inflation is set to drop to below 0.1% in one generation, this year it's 11.11%. 
You are right however when you say that it will cost just as much to get the same network security. However, if bitcoin scales by 100x then transactions can still be extremely cheap, yet provide enough revenue to incentivize the same network security we have today even without any mining being done. Bitcoin scaling by 100x in transaction amounts is quite likely to happen, it would still be less than Paypal's peak rate for example.
@_date: 2014-12-24 13:01:30




Right. So the statistics are pretty interesting on this. Both feature phone and smartphone penetration rates are exploding in Africa. And there's sign of this trend accelerating, as we've see technology prices drop hard. For example, in 2012 around this time of year, we saw cheap smartphones (with 3g, Android, google maps, youtube, facebook etc) retail at $50 in Kenya. This year, we've seen reports of a similar $20 smartphone hit the market. And this is retail price. Imagine what the 2nd hand and refurbished price will be for those things next year, probably $10-15. By 2020, you'll be able to get cheap tech like this for next to nothing. Hell, a single individual, Bill Gates, could literally buy just about every non-phone owning person today, a smartphone, and still have a few billion left, to put things into perspective. This is becoming cheap accessible tech.
So that's the consumer hardware. That's all great, but we still need connectivity.
Meanwhile, we've also seen large experiments in networking technology. From Google's wifi balloons circling the earth to Facebook's internet.org projects to bring low-data connectivity for free. These are just the first forays into networking for all. The key point is to get connectivity out there, getting good speed or nice bandwidth isn't crucial. You just need some connectivity and you can do basic things.
When I say 'basic things', let me put it into perspective: an hour of watching some TV show on Netflix is 1 gigabyte of bandwidth. That's the same amount of data as roughly 1.25 million bitcoin transactions or so. An average person makes about 2 transactions a day. So while I watch a movie for 2 hours, I use enough bandwidth to power the transaction volume of a city of 1 million for an entire day. In other words, it's really cheap to supply the bandwidth to do basic things like send a bitcoin transaction. If we can get a single Netflix-capable connection in every city of millions, you've got enough. By 2020, I don't think that will be such a tall order. Nielsen's law applies here on a macro-level. (50% improvements to internet speed per year). By decade's end we'll have more than an order of magnitude more network capability, these things move fast, too. Again, for perspective, a single bitcoin transaction averages about 500 bytes, my $40 internet connection at home consistently gets 70 mbit, or 18k transactions per second. In other words, I could power all transactions for an entire city of 1 million for an entire day in less than 2 minutes of my bandwidth. If I can do that today for $50, and if network speeds follow Nielsen's law (11x in 6 years), I think we can manage to offer 1 millionth of a fraction of my home connection to each person in an African city in 6 years from now. (hell that's been possible for years, I just skyped my dad in Africa and he's got a similar connection like me!). Just saying that it could be free for anyone, like how anyone can just pick up a radio signal for free and you don't even think about it.
So I think it's quite feasible to say that by 2020 a lot of the poor and unconnected people today, will have access to the same computing power we did with the first iPhone, and free connectivity to do basic things like sending transactions around.
Of course it doesn't have to be smart phones and internet. We don't know yet what it would look like. Bitcoin at its core works using cryptography, and that uses private and public keys. These private keys are just small bits of data, like a single sentence. *"this sentence could be a private key"* My point is, you could have a system where money is stored on paper wallets (like many of us do, today). Nobody actually needs to own a phone, only the merchant does. So a company might pay its employees in paper wallets, and people could go to a local store, scan their paper wallet (which has a change-address on it, too, which is a paper wallet stored at home or at a local custodian), and pay that way, like cash. Only the store owner would need a $10 phone to scan these things, with a free app, and only the store owner would need some basic connectivity to make the transaction.
Or we might see an NFC chip wallet, basically a cheap $1 piece of plastic that holds a chip with your private key. You keep it close to the merchant's phone, and the payment completes. And you can go to any merchant and load it up with money, just like MPesa works today with feature phones. Hell, you could do a bitcoin wallet on a feature phone (it's not very user-friendly, but it's been done already. Problem is most feature phone UIs require permission from the carrier, so it's been hard to get one to market, but they've been developed and work). You could also do SMS based wallets on feature phones which are cheap, ubiquitous, and (intermittent) connectivity is very comprehensive, they already exist, Coinbase has an SMS based wallet for example. My point is, bitcoin works with private keys and low-data transactions. The computation involved in signing a transaction is next to nothing, a 10 year old nokia's chip could easily do it, and the data involved is very small, examples above. If you wanted, you could literally run a bitcoin economy through Radio, Morse code or delivery by pigeon. It doesn't matter.
Anyway, the above story really is just one on technical feasibility. In that area I think bitcoin sits very comfortably. But bitcoin in Africa is still a bit of a pipe dream the coming years. Enough tech and connectivity is already there for hundreds of millions, not everyone but still a shit ton of people equaling say the population of the US or South America. But you also need good entrepreneurs, you need investments, you need to shift cultures, and you need to combine this with a deep integrated financial market. We can all do merchant payments at Microsoft today because MS lets Bitpay sell coins at one of a dozen professional exchanges with decent liquidity pools in multiple currencies. That financial market is crucial. We got to it because there was real consumer demand to trade bitcoin, and miners who were looking to sell bitcoin in those same currencies. So you have this whole integrated ecosystem. In Africa, you don't have much mining done, so the only bitcoin there comes from people who want to buy e.g. Nigerian Nairas. And there's very little of that. So there is no liquidity in Africa. That means you don't get a market there, you don't get exchanges there, you don't get merchants accepting bitcoin there for fiat payouts. That means no VCs invest there, no ATMs exist there etc. Most of all, there's nothing attracting African entrepreneurs to bitcoin. That's why getting an ecosystem up and running in Africa is so hard, and so slow, not because people don't have phones or whatever, that's not really the problem. It will happen, but it'll be slow. The biggest thing imo that needs to be done right now, is get entrepreneurs into African remittance. That's the one area I think that shows a real customer need, that bitcoin can actually do better, and that creates bitcoin liquidity in the continent, as say Europeans with easy access to bitcoin send it to Africa where its sold locally so that their relatives can get a fiat payout. BitPesa is doing great work in this, they're one of the most exciting things to follow for me in 2015, really hope they can show decent growth next year as they roll out the product.
In terms of security, I don't think there's anything particularly unique here. Storing bitcoin on a phone or paper wallet will not be less secure than doing so in e.g. Europe, generally. Of all things this is probably a minor issue as it's likely quite similar to the rest of the world.
Language and education also isn't really an issue. It's not trivial, but MPesa shows it's just an obstacle to overcome, not something that makes it impossible.
Volatility also isn't really a big issue I think. Long-term, we'll have an investor class and a consumer class. The consumers will simply buy derivatives from the investors. The investors carry the risks and the profits of the price of bitcoin moving around and being volatile. The consumers will get a steady price with no volatility. Coinapult Locks and Bitreserve already offer this. So you can lock the price of your bitcoin and use it for payments like a normal currency, without risk of volatility. This will be how mainstream consumers will use bitcoin. In fact, at some point they might not even own bitcoin, they'll just have a digital version of their national currency, powered by bitcoin without them knowing anything about it. Just like how your creditcard is essentially a digital payment of your national currency, without you having to know anything about underlying creditcard technology. Bitcoin can work similarly by powering a financial system where its users don't know anything about the tech. Yet, it's still open to anyone who wants to hold and use it directly.
tl;dr Really the biggest problem to me is that it'll be slow because it's really hard to get an integrated ecosystem going, starting with liquidity. It's no use creating tech, connectivity, wallets, education etc, if nobody can get their hands on bitcoin. It's like creating a beautiful kitchen in an area where the crops failed. Liquidity is the first step, entrepreneurs will follow.
@_date: 2014-08-27 13:28:13
You store it cold. You don't store $50k hot, and you shouldn't need to.
If you do need 50k hot because on any given day that's how much you spend, then the conservative measure is that you're spending about $100k every week or $5m a year. If you spend that much, it makes sense to hire a software/security firm to develop some basic in-house multi-signature tools, and companies like BitGo are stepping in to fill that role. (e.g. the bitcoin foundation has a million-dollar annual budget, and is managing its funds with BitGo)
But a normal person would want to store $50k and keep only $1-5k in his hot wallet, at this point. 
How that works, well there's lots of ways. The best way for practicality + security is to involve a hardware wallet like a Trezor. 
It always involves cold storage, which means it can't be hacked, it's a piece of data (random 256-bit key) that can never be recreated again, and thus only exists in the form it's physically stored. And that leaves physical storage, which is no different from securing something like gold, i.e. you can literally lock up in a bank vault, encrypt it, with redundant multi-signature so it takes more than one person / piece to be compromised, yet if you forget a piece, lose a piece or a piece gets stolen, it's neither compromised nor does it prevent you from accessing the money.
Then for the hot wallet you keep some smaller amount either on a trezor, on an air-gapped device like a phone or laptop that can sign and transfer transactions through its camera / bluetooth / usb, or just use an insured web-wallet with 2FA like Xapo/Circle.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:52:51
Oh snap...
It's funny, Mike Hearn said that years ago when he looked at all this stuff first, he thought Ripple was gonna be the winner, not bitcoin. That was the ripple before it was sold to a private company. Now of course he's been a core developer on bitcoin for years and quit his job at google to do that fulltime.
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:46:52
Hehe, I agree a completely independent party is hard to come by. But look at Andreas' Coinbase review: 
Coinbase is a competitor of the company where he is Chief Security Officer. 
But apart from independent parties, there's a simple thing that takes 1 second and is completely safe: sign the funds. It proves ownership based on the bitcoin protocol, can't be forged. It's a very simple first step any exchange can make towards ensuring to users they're not engaging in fractional reserve in any blatant way. It doesn't require any independent party or any trust.
@_date: 2014-10-04 11:32:49
Thank you! Stats are the biggest thing missing from the whole discussion in my opinion. I'm glad you're frontrunning this.
@_date: 2014-08-02 20:20:51
I really don't think this is the best way to spend marketing money, or hell, money in general. Frankly, we're currently in a phase where we've got 300m invested in bitcoin companies who are all building product and growing organically with little to no marketing. Once they gain a product/market fit, when it gains traction, once you make profits on a customer, you can start to think of a cost-of-acquiring budget and start to do marketing. I'd much rather see people fund startups and projects, hell, even protocol work or development documentation, than to put a logo on a car that people will ignore right now.
@_date: 2014-05-16 09:45:17
Well bitcoin is probably at the stage where you have to spend $10k on mining to make $11k of bitcoins, but risk getting just $6k if you get faulty equipment or delayed delivery or a price reduction, which is a big risk with a little reward. I wouldn't consider personal mining to be a goldmine at this point.
But you're still at the very early-adopter phase in terms of actual bitcoin use. Mining is one thing, but digital currency will one day become as omnipresent and taken for granted as much as digital mail (gmail), digital video (Youtube, Netflix, digital long distance calls (Skype) or digital news (Every newspaper, but also Reddit? :p).
You only need to read up on the quantity theory of money:
In simple terms, if you have 100 tokens and 'global trade' is 200 tokens per year, then the value of one token is a certain amount. But if global trade goes to 400 tokens a year, then every token has to be spent twice as often. As the velocity of money can only rise so much and is usually pretty stable, what actually happens is that the value of the tokens itself goes up. 
You only need to look at a few stats to see why this is important. Right now there are about 5m bitcoin wallets, most empty or duplicate, and an estimated 1m bitcoin users. And each user only spends a little bit of bitcoin annually, I spent $30k a year, but only about $100 worth of bitcoin. If digital payments with bitcoin start to become important, as virtually every other digital thing (video, voice, mail, news, books) is slowly becoming digital, then the global bitcoin trade is going to rapidly increase. If 10m people use it (1/30th of the US) and people can spend bitcoin at many more places, then usage can easily grow by 10-50 within 5 years. And the quantity theory of money says that the price will also follow, because in 5 years the money supply will only grow by a few million coins.
So you're very very very much an early adopter if you just buy a little bit of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-25 17:52:19
LOL. I hope they locked in the value of that 1 bitcoin, at least.
If bitcoin goes to $10k in 5 years (and that's a pretty good chance) he just lost $10k. If it goes to $100, then he just won $100. 
The best case ridiculous scenario for Peter is if Gold does something ridiculous like grow by 1 million %, and for bitcoin to grow by 'only' 0.9m % lol. The best case realistic scenario is that gold does e.g. 10% and bitcoin does 9% in the next 5 years. 
But if you know anything about bitcoin, given a 5 year span, it's either a shitton (e.g. $10k) or nothing (e.g. $1). This was a silly bet.
Happy to take on this bet with anyone else by the way.
@_date: 2014-05-20 22:17:57
MPesa actually works with an agent network of some 90.000 agents who will buy/sell mpesa and inform you and show you how to use it.
Doing that type of service (from service to education) purely through text messages isn't very feasible.
And it's not cheap, either. It's actually quite expensive to send text messages just for making money transfers or even for asking for help on how to use an SMS based bitcoin wallet.
Those are just some of the things he said, and he's someone who built cryptographic currencies over a decade ago and built his entire company around SMS wallets until he figured out it was really really difficult. So I'd rather take my cues from this guy than most.
As for MPesa, let's get a few things clear. What people don't understand is that MPesa is not purely built on SMS. It uses SMS, but not as its interface. It uses USSD and STK. Now the problem here is that if you want to use those services, you need permission from the operator, which is about as hard as an exchange getting a bank to work with them. (e.g. Chinese exchanges failed recently not because they didn't work, but because they had no permission and banks didn't work with them, basically.) So the alternative is an SMS-based interface which is pretty horrible. You have to send a text to a certain number with the word 'BALANCE' for example, and they'll text you your balance. Meanwhile a text costs 10 cents and you need two of them just to check your balance. And that's a ton of money for people living on 1 to 3 dollars a day. 
So building technology to send money using SMS is easy. Building a wallet on your phone, that's hard, because it requires permission from telephone operators like vodafone who have no interest in working with a startup in the first place, and are hesitant to adopt something that can displace their existing business model. I think it will still happen, and operators will see the benefit at some point, but it's not straightforward or easy.
@_date: 2014-12-21 08:07:06
None of that has anything to do with TBF. The above was true before and will likely be true after TBF. You can talk about that (in another thread), just don't think Cody Wilson's idea to shut down TBF has anything to do with that.
As for copyright, bitcoin Core has the MIT copyright license:


It's about as open, free and without restrictions or limitations, as you can get. 
But beyond that, there is no ONE bitcoin. Bitcoin today is a fork of bitcoin as it was at the moment of creation. The bitcoin we all talk about isn't 'the' bitcoin, it's simply the bitcoin fork that is mined most often. Anyone can create their own, fork it, without even starting a new blockchain.
Further, anyone is free to commit changes, updates, suggestions, in fact it's very much welcomed to participate in development. And I know of no history of excessive gatekeeping. The fact that there are few developers is not because it's kept that way, it's because there simply aren't many developers interested to work on this in large amount for free, and few organisations (or groups of individuals) willing to fund a developer. The exception is TBF, which is why it's so great to have them imo. Again, that's not to say that TBF has some unique power here, they're simply the ones to organize the first, are open to members (you can become a member and vote), get funded by members, and fund development. 
If you can tell me how TBF or any of the core developers are centralizing things by keeping out developers, let me know. Afaik, no such thing exists, to the contrary. Also let me know if you, or someone else, is willing to pay the $200k for a senior software developer to work on bitcoin full-time, but can't because he is barred by the individuals you describe.
@_date: 2014-06-27 10:15:18
Why the hell doesn't a reporter care to ask 'what the fuck happened with the coins?'
It's like a kindergarten has all its children go missing... and nobody cares to ask the manager what happened. All they do is report on how he's feeling now, what he'll do next. Oh you're selling some domain names, or you'd like to advice others on how to run a kindergarten in the future? Oh okay... how about you tell me WHAT HAPPENED TO THE CHILDREN!? 
Haha. I just don't get it. Ask what happened, we still don't know. It's obviously not malleability, that was proven as it's possible to see how many transactions were manipulated right in the blockchain and it was a tiny amount. What the fuck happened. He said he doesn't think more coins will be found, why not? Did someone steal them, did you lose the keys? Does a reporter have a brain?
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:03:58
meh, $18m (and dropping) is not that much. BIT and Panterra have about 200m invested. It's a decent chunk but doesn't warrant this big selloff we see right now.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:04:02
that's boss
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:23:36
This is me. I pay about 3% in fees and 1% in exchange fees and wait a few days to withdraw the money to my bank (which I think is free, yay)
I'm a small software engineer selling my own licensed products and working for clients on specific products. Paypal eats about $150 in monthly fees from me, pretty harsh.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:20:15
His problem with brainwallet was that there was no truly random source of entropy. (which essentially means that there is a deterministic pattern, find the pattern and you can generate the same keys as another person).
So if you use (e.g. throw 128 dice for a 128-bit number) dice in real life as a source of randomness, you never have this problem. If you then generate the key offline on something like Tails OS, it will never leave a trace.
That's really really safe. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 07:00:55
Historically, 0.7 to 0.8 to 0.9 took about 1 year each and it's slowing down. Considering 1.0 is sort of a 'big step' where they might want to tackle some bigger issues like floating fees, blockchain pruning, better networking etc, it might take until late 2015, that's my expectation.
But really I don't know. It's not really all that important though, it's just a number and even though it's technically in beta, multiple $100m+ companies are entirely built on bitcoin (Coinbase, Bitpay, a $140m and $160m valuation in December/May respectively.)
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:05:41
The funny thing is, it's so easy to see myself making those same comments 6 months ago... and it reminds me of when I educated a friend about bitcoin 12 months ago when I didn't know shit and basically described it as one of those protein-folding things where you make money doing math calculations for PhD students doing some academic research with a budget but no supercomputer lol.
Anyway, this is exactly why I'm excited about things like paypal. Not because paypal is so awesome, but because it has 150m users and while it doesn't have a great reputation, nobody is saying it's fake internet money. If you point to marc andreessen 99/100 people will go 'who the fuck is he?', but if you point to big brands, that does something very quickly. Half the people saying 'bitcoin? might as well accept shells and beads' would swallow their words if paypal was using bitcoin. That's interesting, as shitty as paypal is.
@_date: 2014-06-07 10:47:46
Hah! :D 1 upvote @_date: 2014-04-15 19:58:27
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:17:03
You quoted me saying they're the most promising company right now (not the company that delivered the most) and then in all caps and with multiple exclamation points said they delivered fuck all, as if to say they absolutely should have because they've had all this funding and all. I explained to you how that's actually very normal (e.g. google glass, kraken, both took 2-3 years to even have a limited beta for customers). And now you retract and say 'well I really only meant to say they haven't delivered anything, that's all I was implying nothing more.' Get real man.
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:42:45
I strongly disagree. First of all, Dogecoin only works because it's built off of bitcoin, can be easily exchanged in bitcoin and liquidated through any bitcoin exchange that has interoperability with banks, because it's traded on exchanges that started with bitcoin. You can't talk about doge without acknowledging it's dependance on everything that bitcoin has done and offers.
As for not being able to ban something that everyone has. Firstly, probably only 1-2 million out of 7000 million people own any amount of bitcoin. You can't ban it, but you can criminalize it. Just like gambling. A big part of why Paypal was sold to eBay because it was under investigation for aiding and abetting criminalized online gambling. They stopped doing that right there and then. Interoperability with banks, merchants, exchanges, payment processors, ATMs, all that goes out the window the second bitcoin is criminalized. Do you really think you can deposit money at Bitstamp if it was criminalized, that it's UK office would exist? Do you really think an ATM will not be removed and the owner not jailed, if bitcoin is criminalized? Do you really think Coinbase or Bitpay may continue to serve customers and merchants by processing criminalized bitcoin transactions? Do you really think Overstock or any merchant would accept a criminalized currency on their own and not get their funds seized and company shut down shortly after?
Banning bitcoin is impossible, but criminalizing it isn't. Now again, I don't see that happening, but no regulation isn't happening either. Now you can have your opinion on whether regulation today is better than regulation tomorrow. I'm saying that Fincen's guidance that it already proposed late last year is regulation, and that this regulation is the only reason the price is where it is today, it's the only reason institutional investors exist, it's the only reason banks are willing to service bitcoin companies on any large scale. It's a form of legislation that brought clarity and took fear and risk away and thereby paved the way for traditional and conservative parties to enter the bitcoin space and push it forward. So again, you can have your opinion, but I'm not taking my cues from my gut feeling on government regulation, I'm taking it from CEO of Bitpay saying he wants the same regulation to apply to bitcoin, that he wants things to move faster, he said unfortunately regulators move at the speed of snails, literally. And he's joined by other CEOs and VCs and investors that say the same thing. The biggest people in bitcoin want regulation. And again, even gummy bears are regulated by the FDA, regulation doesn't necessarily mean anything. For example, pretty much everyone serious was doing AML/KYC, exchanges and ATMs, in pretty much every country, even when never being instructed to do so, simply to comply with future regulation. Regulation could simply explicitly state they have to keep doing these things: nothing changes, but now banks have heard government explicitly state what is necessary (AML/KYC), see that bitcoin companies do this already, and know that if they get in the bitcoin space, they're completely sure of what legistation needs to be complied with and that this is happening. Again, nothing has to change, regulation can simply mean 'whatever you were already doing, is now legally required, and if you keep on doing this, you have no risk of us shutting you down', thereby sending a clear message to would-be consumers, the media, investors, banks and merchants that bitcoin is safe, acknowledged and ready for them.
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:37:19
Still in testing though afaik
@_date: 2014-12-19 07:48:58
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:15:47


Great, me too, now how is this relevant to a thread where enthusiasts like OP discuss how they can't find a conversational partner in friends or family? Again, he didn't say at all 'Am I the only guy interested in buying bitcoin here? How can I convince my friends to invest in bitcoin'. 
Give me a break. 
Nor did my post say anything about investment, I wrote merely about how to speak about something you're passionate about from an angle that your friends or family might already be passionate about.


What? The point is that any internet enthusiast probably couldn't find a good conversation partner in his existing friends and family back then, while I can speak to any of my friends about internet and internet companies today. That's the similarity with bitcoin. I'm not talking about making new friendships solely on the basis of bitcoin... This thread is specifically about a guy who can't find a conversational partner in his friends and family. He's not asking for advice to meet strangers solely on the basis of bitcoin. In that sense he'd just go to a bitcoin/tech meetup, of which there were, indeed, many in 1995 that were more internet oriented. But again, that's not what I was talking about at all.


More of the same. I thought you'd consider checking yourself for the childish remarks. Especially when misrepresenting one's point so blatantly so as to make a point and call the other guy silly.
@_date: 2014-05-20 10:58:41
Awesome thank you :)
Listening to Nic pretty much announce that in a few weeks/months they're rolling out UI improvements to blockchain.info services, which I think is amazing because we don't yet have a large service that doesn't take control of your keys, yet is very user-friendly and pretty, too. Blockchain.info looks like absolute shit right now :P But it's a great service so it's great to hear they're looking to improve user interface/interaction this year!
@_date: 2014-04-16 16:08:07
An EULA is a contract.
@_date: 2014-07-24 16:47:46
This, rate-limitation is a big deal. 4-digit pincodes give 10k possible sequences, and if you get blocked/flagged after 3, combined with the fact you need to know the specific account name too, means there's a very low chance of gaining access if the pincode is random (and not something stupid like 1234).
But yeah as Xapo I'd definitely block a user from depositing more than $100-250 unless he has 2FA set up, too. i.e. easy on-boarding for a small spending wallet, but a slightly longer set up (with 2FA) for any large amount. Or, for example, allow the 4-digit pincode for logging in, checking the balance, and spending up to $50 a day. But for withdrawing or spending any large amount of money, you require 2FA. Stuff like that.
@_date: 2014-09-03 08:28:21
* Gift $1 for 26% fees
* Gift $5 for 9.2% fees
* Gift $10 for 7% fees
@_date: 2014-07-13 19:55:25
hehe, fun stuff! Another reminder for me to keep my passwords truly random and above 2^100 for any service that isn't rate limited and needs to be secure :D
@_date: 2014-10-01 20:47:59
You're mistaken. It was never about airdropping $100 worth of something nobody knows about or understands, wants, or can use anywhere on campus. That's useless. Doing all those things, education, building awareness, offering on-campus uses, building a movement, that's not easy.
And if you followed any of the information coming out of their efforts you'd know it's still fully ongoing. Just recently they concluded rounds of development of various bitcoin products and services at MIT which is one of the ways to build awareness and on-campus usecases.
@_date: 2014-06-04 11:55:27
Thanks buddy, too bad there was a changetip wallet error so it didn't go through :) Appreciate the gesture!
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:25:24
Right now, absolutely.
But we're already seeing peer to peer lending and insured accounts with bitcoin. We're already seeing de-facto checking accounts in the form of wallets.
And that comprises in theory, everything. You've got an account and you've got insurance and you've got credit. In different forms, that allows mortgages, overdraft loans, savings accounts etc.
So there is no inherent reason to expect bitcoin not to be able to do any of those things (which are properties not related to the design of the currency)
Of course, at first it'll be no different from banks. (e.g. a bitcoin company offering credit might ban these very same users in the same way banks do right now).
But because bitcoin is permissionless, it could do peer-to-peer systems like p2p lending much more easily meaning some of these services can be taken over by individuals rather than institutions. Financial inclusiveness and accessibility should benefit.
It's already happening right now with p2p bitcoin lending. If say I invest in 100 things that return 4%, but 25% of them fail to pay, then I make 3% on average as a return, allowing me to take money from 1.000 people who get paid 2% and pay myself 1%. In other words, once you get peer-to-peer lending with risk, others can step into the middle and average out the risks and offer a lower rate, meaning once you get some peer-to-peer lending you can start to offer savings accounts and mortgages too in a peer to peer way.
It remains to be seen if any of that really works well and if it'll be allowed. I have my doubts, but it's an interesting avenue. And let's not forget, there are millions of unbanked who aren't struggling with not getting a 1% savings account, they're struggling with simply getting an account for receiving and making payments and not being required to use cash and checks. Bitcoin can allow them to be their limited bank in that regard without any other fancy things. Look at MPesa, a huge improvement to the unbanked, popular despite being freaking expensive, because it's so powerful to improve on handing over cash. Check out that documentary I linked!
@_date: 2014-05-16 22:43:18
FUCK YEAH
@_date: 2014-10-16 12:10:02
Wondering what we'll hear tomorrow...
@_date: 2014-07-04 11:20:37
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:27:13
That's Coinbase. They separate customer funds from company funds. If they go under due to i.e. bankruptcy the bitcoins would indeed be yours. You don't transfer ownership, you transfer possession.
In fact, Coinbase does already insure some of their customer funds and they're working on insuring all at some point.
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:17:12
I definitely would. What do you mean by 'tainted' or 'unclean', what are the actual practical implications? I mean, all fiat money I get sent has a trail, too, just like the blockchain. And there's a reason why thieves always ask for 'unmarked dollar bills', it's because bills normally are marked with a certain ID. And I honestly don't care.
I mean, unless you're planning some illicit use, I really wouldn't care about owning certain bitcoins that at some point in time were owned by the FBI... You'll surely have held cash at some point in your life that was held by both criminals as well as the FBI and you, nor anyone else, cared or cared to notice.
@_date: 2014-03-02 01:56:23
Alright, fair enough. Still, in case I correctly assume you're American, I can hardly imagine you can find no historical justification for violence after Pearl Harbour.
And even if indeed you cannot identify a justification for violence to have ever occurred, that you have an inherent conviction that violence is inherently bad and can never be justified.
And, that any money you do sent will go towards increasing the violence.
Because if you're unsure about any of those things, that's plenty of reason to educate yourself first before you take a position. If you're unwilling to do that (I'd understand, there's a billion things we can choose to learn about, we have to choose not to learn anything about most of them) I'd suggest simply taking a neutral stance. It's the most sensible thing to do.
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:57:48
Thanks buddy appreciate it
@_date: 2014-05-20 01:00:37


You're delusional man.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:35:40
I agree in theory, but I think you would agree that doesn't mean we should criticise the bitcoin foundation, still.
If I'm fan of a sports club for years and it goes bad, I don't go and start my own just because I'm allowed to start a sports organisation in just about every country on earth. I try to remove the bad and improve the good.
Fact is, the foundation does have a name, it does have a history, it does have a voice and it does have many of Bitcoin's best and biggest companies as members and it does have awesome people like Gavin and Patrick on board. Why throw that all away instead of improving it?
Rather you should say, Join Them, the foundation is largely democratic, you can become a member and vote. Dropping $25 to get individual influence is easier than dropping a few million to build an entire new network.
@_date: 2014-07-10 21:20:38
Yeah that's for me a good signal, lifetime carreer in finance, sees bitcoin, jumps on it, doesn't easily use hyperbole, quite cautious about the near future and talks about bitcoin frankly (typical small/mid sized fund, most finance agencies wouldn't even bother to put a single manager on it because it's thinly traded).
So when someone like that says 'ETF is almost for sure to happen before the end of the year' I think that says volumes.
 And given bitcoin is real, has realworld value, has proven itself already, is 'top of mind' right now, it's not unreasonable to say that pretty much anyone will put at least 0.1 - 1% of their holdings into bitcoin when it's easily available on an ETF and has 10x, 100x or even 1000x upside potential left. So I think an ETF will expose that type of demand for the first time.
@_date: 2014-07-07 18:45:04
It's not about characters, it's about entropy. Look up passwords and entropy.
For example, if you have a password that can only exists out of As and Bs, a 10 digit password is not secure.
If you have a password that can exist out of the lowercase alphabet, the uppercase alphabet, and all numbers, a 10 digit password is pretty secure. Each digit would be one of 62 characters.
So it really depends. Generally, getting 100 bits of entropy isn't that difficult to do and that's the threshold I use for myself. 
So using upper/lower/numerical characters, random ones, 16 characters will do awesomely. But it has to be truly random, and contrary to popular belief, ramming your keyboard 'randomly' is not actually random at all. So use what's called a true random generator. (such as flipping a coin or a die)
@_date: 2014-05-19 13:31:27
The euro is much better than bitcoin right now, that's a simple fact.
And a newspaper was much better than reading news on a computer in 1993, that's also a fact. In 1993 you didn't have images on your newspaper, you didn't have formatting of the text. It took hours to download and it cost you tens of dollars on a computer worth thousands of dollars, and while downloading you couldn't use your phone to make any calls.
But who cares about now? Protocols don't change the world in 1 day. I'm excited for the future.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:35:03
Sort of. Firstly, MPesa only worked because regular banking services were inadequate. It's easy for MPesa to compete with a shit inadequate banking system. Meaning most Kenyans don't have a bank account, can't make online transactions, don't hold a currency worth anything for international transactions, have little access to interest or loans, pay orders of magnitude larger fees on transactions than in the west, don't have funds insured up to $100k etc.
In all cases I'd much prefer my banking system to the ones available in Kenya. In terms of bitcoin it gives me easy access to bitcoin, to deposit fiat funds in other countries to purchase bitcoin, to getting investments to start a company etc.
Secondly, there are numerous articles showing African countries have very strict regulation, and sometimes the adaptation of regulation is more conservative and more prone to influences from corruption. In terms of regulation, infrastructure, internet access, startup environment, corruption etc, I wouldn't say Africa has a leg up for bitcoin enthusiasts. 
But I can agree cautiously with some basic premises of a familiarity with alternative banking/financial services like Mpesa/bitcoin in some particular places like Kenya, but it's more limited than one might think.
@_date: 2014-05-22 18:56:53
I'm thinking about it too, but I'm not looking to get a different computer/os, install armory and do offline stuff.
I'd rather just generate a private key, encrypt it with a simple password and then put it at my parents, my house etc.
But I'm really worried about generating the private key. I've been thinking about bitaddress.org, but I'm just concerned for some reason. It's open source but I can't verify the code myself. Would love to get reaffirmed by others :) For example a few days ago another paper wallet generator ended up using a low entropy random number generator, that stuff worries me a bit.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:12:41
I'm glad! Indeed, there's lots of interest as it'd be such an easy way to obtain bitcoin.
It's a pretty common thought at the moment that merchant adoption is outpacing consumer adoption. We just saw 3-4 billion-dollar companies (e.g. Expedia, $40b gross bookings, Dish $27b market cap) accept bitcoin and Bitpay/Coinbase state they grow by 10% per month and have 30-40k merchants each (thousands of new merchants every week, is pretty big).
Yet, merchants also report 0 bitcoin sales in months. The bitcoin reddit grew by 10% in 3-4 months. CoinPocket only had 8k users download the only available iOS app in the past weeks. The number of transactions, volume or price doesn't grow nearly as fast as 10% a month.
Which is why BitPay chooses to e.g. invest in a bitcoin bowl instead of a BitPay bowl. User adoption is really important right now, a reason why everyone's so eager for Circle.
ANYWAY haha, my point is, getting bitcoin is still tricky. The wallets are there, the merchants are there, but buying bitcoin still requires lots of verification and waiting and wiring money manually. So turning your salary into partially bitcoin automatically is a huge win, and it means people are more eager to spend bitcoin as they know their wallets will get replenished automatically every month without extra hassle.
However, I'd definitely start by reaching out to a few lawyers for advice. Technically, as bitcoin is a money-like product, a money-substitute by the Fincen standard, buying money on behalf of others probably makes you at least a broker, perhaps an exchange and money transmitter. That means you might need a broker's license, a registration with Fincen and possibly even Money transmitter licenses. For example Coinbase isn't an exchange, but it has a broker's license and is registered with Fincen.
As you can see, there've been near zero financial startups because of such painful regulation. So talk to some people about this before you end up with letters from Fincen. You wouldn't be the first buddy :( There's a few bitcoin lawyers actually, you can probably find one on the speakers lists of a few past conferences like the one in Amsterdam last month.
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:18:13
Fact is there's been a lot of investments, a lot of cool companies, tons of highly educated and skilled professionals working at these companies, a growing number of retailers, growing number of wallets, addresses and transactions, improvements to the core technology and to the massive library of open-source blockchain technologies and open APIs that developers can use to build products, who indeed do, there's a growing interest and acknowledgement from governments, media, businesses and universities.
And the fact is that price is a decent proxy for all of this, but not a perfect one. The joke as of late has been 'Paypal integrates bitcoin in service/subsidiary XYZ, oh no, the price is going to crash tomorrow'. The reason that joke is funny (or was, the first time) is because the irony is that there is no perfect correlation between good news and the price. In fact, the correlation as of late has been inverse. 
Look at all the good news and bad news since May and look at what the price did.
If you're concerned if bitcoin is making an impact, I think you're REALLY missing some huge signals that indeed it is. (see start of post for a very very rough overview)
If you're concerned with the price and use it as a proxy for bitcoin's health or impact, I think you're REALLY missing some huge signals that these two aren't very often correlated, and that there are HUGE reasons that explain why they're not always correlated. (e.g. when you get 5 billion-dollar retailers accepting bitcoin within just a few short weeks including multinational industry giants worth tens of billions of dollars, and everyone sells bitcoin in exchange for their products, there's downward price pressure, while bitcoin adoption gets a big boost.)
If you took all the circle-jerk of 'to the moon' seriously and expected to see your $1k of bitcoin soar by 1000% every 3 months, I really think you've really set yourself up for disappointment. Building businesses, building software, building consumer awareness and understanding, building regulatory frameworks, building partnerships and tying in to existing companies, all of that takes time. It's barely been a year since we've actually seen bitcoin step out of the extreme fringe into the regular fringe. You really have to look at these things on a 3 to 5 year level in my opinion at the very least, and as a larger industry type thing it's similar to the internet, it took a good 15 years before we started to see amazing products like voice over ip and google maps and internet-connected smartphones done properly. We barely got started.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:51:00
I'm sure your imagination is better than that. Would you not agree he probably would not have 'found 200k coins', that he wouldn't have already disappeared, that he wouldn't be under police investigation now? 
There is no 'end result' for Mt. Gox yet, we can't speak in those terms just yet.
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:12:14
Awesome. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:12:24
Yeah in Q4. That's pretty sick. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 10:48:47
Fuck this asshole. Could he really not take servers offline or encrypt them if theyre freaking inactive? Identity theft is a major risk if files to PROVE someones identity are now stolen.
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:37:49
Most 'legit' currencies have 0 physical backing for decades.
They are still backed by regulation and political contract, in essence. That means that the US for example has regulated currency as such that the dollar is legal tender and must generally be accepted by everyone as form of payment. That, and the relative scarcity of the dollar gives it value. Bitcoin is not much different, its technical implementation gives it scarcity by definition, and together with the adoption of users gives it value.
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:20:03
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:31:46
Haha yeah it's pretty sad that the government mandates different bodies, one which says it's a property, another which says it's a money-substitute. Ah well. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:43:32
Because it costs money to send bitcoin, and because there are many nodes to distribute the load, so if you attack one node, all the other ones still work.


Yes but I don't know what the going rate is currently. I'd guess that for every transaction you download, you send it to say 10 peers on average to be useful. Meaning that if we have 0.5mb blocks on average every 10 minutes, that you need 50mb/10m or 85kb/s upload speed on average with some consistency.
I'd personally put the minimum number at 100kb/s. If you can deliver, you're good. As you can see it's not very high, I pay about $20 for a 2500kb/s connection. Just take care that your upload speed is decent, too, which is often only 10% of the download speed, but more important in being a node.


You'll have coins on both chains, so you're 'safe' no matter what. Not sure what 'immune' means, but the answer is yes if I think I understand what you're asking.
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:19:46
Thanks for this post
@_date: 2014-06-25 21:30:35
$800 or so I think.
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:13:01
When I was 17 I sure as hell was more interested in college chicks and milfs than 14 year old naked pictures on my computer lol.
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:33:46
Sure, that's absolutely not cool.
But these are still accusations for which I have seen no source. Accusations the lawyers don't seem to have ever heard of. And accusations which never resulted in charges (i.e. Pierce was never taken to court on the basis of these accusations because he was never charged to have done this). In other words, if I accuse you of raping me, that's pretty much the same thing. It's pretty meaningless unless I actually charge you, make a case, provide evidence, even circumstantial or weak evidence, or even just to accuse someone in court without evidence. But none of that seems to have happened with Pierce.
@_date: 2014-06-08 23:56:19
The 'market cap' is not really the value of the network, it's quite a vague reflection of value, really.
Check out the quantity theory of money. 
Say if you have 100 currency tokens and every token is exchanged 5 times per year, then the maximum trade this currency can support is 500 tokens per year. 
This means that, if you want to e.g. support $500k worth of trade of a small bakery business then each token must be worth $1k.
But if the currency is used to support all trade transactions of a small village at $500m annually then each token must be worth $1m dollars. 
As you can see, the value of a token just depends on the amount of trade. And if you can increase the velocity of money which is the amount of times a token (e.g. a dollar) on average switches hands (the velocity is higher for digital, frictionless currencies than say lumps of gold) then the value of each individual token can be lower to support the same amount of trade.
In other words, the value of all tokens is more of a reflection of how much trade is being done. If Amazon allows you to use bitcoin, the demand for bitcoin rises to be able to make purchases, so the value has to go up. That also means that, if the velocity of bitcoin was a million times faster than today, we could support a shit ton of trade with extremely cheap coins, which means the market cap would be extremely small while the network carries exactly the same utility! I hope that tells you that the 'market cap' isn't really a valuation of bitcoin or its utility.
Now, bitcoin is still very nascent. That doesn't mean the value of bitcoin as an invention is low, it just means the tokens themselves aren't valued highly due to a very low amount of daily trade. Bitpay has said it processes about $1m daily, it's the biggest processor, Coinbase likely also does about $1m. That's just not a lot, it's easy to support with a relatively large market cap of $8b. That's why I think bitcoin's fair value is actually overvalued right now, yes, a bubble. But that's fine, because I expect bitcoin's trade to tenfold within 2 years and hundredfold within 5 years, so it's speculative value for me is grossly undervalued.
Company valuation is entirely different altogether. It's based on things like discounted cash flows of revenues. The numbers I've seen is that they'll do about $500m for 2014 in revenues and grow at about 250% per year. A $17b valuation isn't so strange in a 10y perspective where if they can grow on average by 30% per year (a tenth of their current growth).
In short, the valuations can't really be compared.
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:45:12
Absolutely, but I also think it's important to 'get to the moon' before we decide on these things. The reason being that if bitcoin is worth $50k and used in mainstream communities in a significant way, we won't see bitcoin go to $5k or $500k suddenly. It'll be much more widely traded, much more widely used, much more liquid, much less subject to regulatory whims, news of VCs or big merchants. In other words, more medium-term price stability.
And that's important for terminology. If 1000 bits (1btc) goes from $500 to $1000 or $5k or $50k, it's probably not very useful because the definition of what a bit is, in people's minds, changes so much. Look at the past 12-18 months and we see 100x price fluctuations, that's too much for any terminology to be meaningful.
I think it's better to try and decide once the medium-term volatility has died down a bit.
@_date: 2014-09-11 21:40:01


@_date: 2014-04-02 15:15:49
Agreed, there's red flags even excluding the entire 'threat to my daughter' part. After all, everything happening before any threats were even made is complete bullshit. He ran out of money a few weeks after starting, with only 1 office, and apparently not servicing a single customer, but running a nation-wide media campaign. What the fuck?
Then he leaves the country, doesn't tell ANYONE, not his colleagues who are left unpaid and without a CEO. Is this a fucking joke? He doesn't even tell his investors, while he's out of the country to LOOK FOR INVESTORS. Again, a fucking joke.
That leads me to assume the rest is complete bullshit, too. And finally, after threats were made, he says he was instructed not to even make contact from whatever country he was in with his *own colleagues* that *he* hired and worked with for a long time. In the off-chance that one of his colleagues is going to assasinate his daughter because he really wanted to keep working at Neo &amp; Bee and this would do it? I mean, what?
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:28:18
There's lots of tipping going on here :D But not on the same level.
For example if you post 'Hi' in a dogecoin reddit, you get 10 tips of less than a penny. Meanwhile there's no substantial discussion, no real movement of any value, and no incentive to post anything meaningful. We don't have that here, which is why quite a few doge users have moved to Bitcoin at some point.
So yes there is tipping, but not quite as frequently, but the average tips are probably higher.
@_date: 2014-09-13 15:26:19
In the US try Coinbase (hour of hassle upfront, but works well afterwards). Localbitcoins is a way to find people in your neighbourhood to sell bitcoin to you directly. For a proper exchange try e.g. Bitstamp or Kraken. And if you're patient, sign up for an invite to Circle, it's the best but it's in closed beta.
1 upvote @_date: 2014-10-04 22:33:31
I respect Krugman but, sheesh... painfully clear he's got his weekly column to fill.
I mean you can literally transpose all of this comments to 2011 when the price dropped from $30 to $2 and didn't grow back for a looong time. 
It'd have been so easy to kick bitcoin then, saying it was all a fad, a bubble, without any fundamentals. But it grew past $1k, and now sits at 10x that peak price of $300+.
So just consider that for a moment. If your entire argument is based on price as a proxy, and that price has proven wrong the guys in 2011, 2012, 2013 who wrote the exact same story Krugman just posted, after the price collapsed, then don't write the piece. It's that simple.
As for the example of someone losing lots of money because of bitcoin, it's really sad to see a renowned academic not able to separate that from bitcoin. If you'd put the same guy in a casino, in front of a stock exchange, or left him in a grocery store, he'd find a way to bankrupt himself, because making foolish decisions is universally bad, it has nothing to do with bitcoin. But if you can use it so your article has a 'cryptocon' clickbait title, then why not, huh? Spineless ad hominem writing. 
He doesn't seem to see that he's the equivalent to fiat currencies as the bitcoin fanatics who write an article called 'the dollarcon' and sum up all kinds of cherry picked issues with the dollar. 
@_date: 2014-08-09 10:36:47
It's on my mind as well. There's a few positives. One is that it was already factored in to the price a little bit, we did see the price really dip after Mt. Gox quite strongly. The other is that these coins haven't really moved much, and it's not quite sure how many are lost or stolen and by whom. There's a chance Mark still owns them but says they're stolen, there's a chance the keys were simply lost to some of them. And then there's a good chance they were simply stolen, but it's not easy to liquidate or mix anonymously hundreds of millions of coin. And not necessary, either. Honestly I'm just expecting someone to try to sell a few million dollars and live off of that happily ever after. But trying to cash out half a billion? That would just be insane, I don't see exactly how it'd happen. At the end of the day someone will have to deposit Mt. Gox coins somewhere, register with an ID and get that money sent to a bank account. Yes you can use TOR, yes you can mix coins, yes you can use a fake ID, but that works on a small scale, not for $400m or whatever.
But yeah it's a bit of a worry no less. Lots of potential angles it could hit the price. And it's one of those things that gets worse, if we do go to $5k a coin, the problem just became 10x bigger.
@_date: 2014-04-08 11:09:36
Which is an example of a user conciously choosing to incurr extra liability in the case of a theft.
@_date: 2014-05-18 19:00:04
We're looking for a problem to solve... but there is no problem. Nobody on the core team has voiced the need for money. If they do, there are plenty in the community who'd gladly step up. In fact, there is excess money in that Gavin has said he'd like to hire a paid fellow to work with him. So if you know a C++ expert, contact him.
I think a better idea would be to contact people like Tony Gallippi or Andreas Antonopolous and ask them if they'd be willing to take raise a fund (e.g. a $100k fund) that the community donates to and for him to oversee the hiring and monthly payouts of this money based on his contributions on github. Bitpay is already essentially doing this by hiring and paying Garzik on the core team, they could do it again if the community pays for it.
But finding alternative compensation for people who're already compensated and never asked for any money isn't the best way to spend money.
@_date: 2014-06-05 13:22:24
Negative interest rates means you earn money by borrowing. So banks can borrow money at the central bank and get rewarded for it. This also means they have a ton of capital available to lend out, which means people will borrow and spend more.
Generally this increases prices (inflation). If everyone is given $10k, there'll be lots of new demand and the prices go up. Only the thing to realize is that this $10k is actually just a computer-registered number, it's money made out of thin air. If you actually make money by borrowing money, over time money loses its value and function.
That's why a scarce alternative will be interesting to people because it can't be printed. Gold or bitcoin have such scarcity embedded in them.
So bitcoin and gold is up. Not a huge amount, because interest rates were only cut by a small fraction of a percent, that in itself doesn't cause insane inflation (which has been quite low actually the past years). But it's also partly this idea that people again realize that accepting fiat money is risky in a world in which it can be printed out of nothing, and borrowing actually earns you money, which is crazy.
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:12:41
Problems with fiat-to-bitcoin is really why bitcoin is needed in the first place, because fiat transfers are so crap. If they weren't crap, you could instantly deposit fiat to a btc exchange without verification or fees and buy bitcoin. 
You either need to deposit fiat somewhere and get them to buy bitcoin (e.g. Coinbase, Bitstamp) for you, or you buy it directly from someone (e.g. localbitcoins).
The only two venues I see that could massively improve are shops and ATMs.
* Shops are essentially payment processors by themselves. They take money that has no chargeback risk and give you a physical thing in return. Why can shops not sell bitcoin? No reason. But it's hard to find someone willing to set up a partnership, and from a regulatory perspective you quickly become a money-transmitter in the US and need a license which requires a very expensive (few hundred thousand bucks) surety bond. (this is why some people are so anti-regulation). But with the right partnerships I think this has a lot of potential. So far, hasn't been great. (look at BitInstant.)
* ATMs. Awesome, but again, surety bonds are required so the fees are 5-10%, and there's probably only 1 bitcoin ATM per 2-3 million people right now in the US. Doing a software update to bank ATMs would be awesome. (enter card, enter pincode, but instead of the ATM spitting out $50, it prints a bitcoin voucher or sends the money to your card-linked wallet. Limited to verified cards and e.g. $100 daily. Very easy to do as you only need a software update, ATMs already print receipts etc. But, again very hard to do as no bank or ATM wants such a partnership with bitcoin right now.
But I do expect these things to massively improve in 2015-2016. By that time you'll also see a small ecosystem where you can earn bitcoin through your paycheck rather than having to buy it, and all this becomes a lot better.
@_date: 2014-05-11 09:58:38
Alright, imagine what would happen if the US said it's illegal to use bitcoin, just for arguments' sake.
Bitpay shuts down. Coinbase shuts down. Merchants have no way of accepting bitcoin without taking huge risk. There are industries that run on 2-4% profit margins. You take bitcoin, price goes down by 20% in a day, you're fucked. Merchants don't do this, ask Bitpay how much of bitcoin they pay out in fiat, it's probably upwards of 95% and these are the early adopter merchants who love it the most.
Then, all exchanges shut down and all ATMs shut down. Exchanges that exist outside the US become illegal. Banks don't allow you to deposit money there, and the foreign exchange might shut down, too. The US has a long arm.
Then, every merchant who accepted bitcoin in real life will stop doing it, it's now illegal. Every merchant online will, too, unless they don't have an address or anything like that. Guess what, that invites fraud. Guess what the Silk Road 2 is suffering from? Massive fraud.
Meanwhile the price of bitcoins is way down due to a massively cut demand, all bitcoin startups die, it takes the biggest hit to its reputation ever and is forever associated with everything illicit because it's now literally illegal. Most people lose a ton of cash.
That means a shitton of miners suddenly become unprofitable because the price is down. Network security rapidly drops as a big financial incentive evaporates. Bitcoin's ecosystem is momentarily destroyed and the playing field is level again, any new altcoin you conceive in 5 minutes of time now has a chance to rival bitcoin. The few existing miners spread out, there's no 'great coin' anymore, no big communities, everything is scattered and people have different incompatible coins and none of them has an ecosystem.
It's likely most bitcoin core developers will either stop working on it, reduce their efforts or shift away to some extent.
Reddit will probably start to censor certain discussions of using this now illegal thing that bitcoin has become.
I can go on and on. Don't forget, if you're very optimistic, we have 5m users. Some put it at 1m. But say 5m. That's still less than 0.1% of the population, and many of those wouldn't be able to use bitcoin if it wasn't for sites like Coinbase or ATMs in the streets. If you take all the above scenarios, or even half of it, it's pretty easy to tell you'll have a hard time getting more than 1% of the population to use this thing. And that's what it means to say 'bitcoin is dead'. Not non-existent, not literally, no, Myspace exists, it has tens of millions of users, but we all know it's really dead. That's what it would mean if bitcoin is illegal.
This idea that it's good for bitcoin to be illegal is silly. I've not heard Taleb say anything to the contrary, do you have a source or quote to support it? Thanks.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:22:54
Just like every supermarkt in the world, one way cash in, products out. What kind of nonsense statement is this?
In this case, it's actually a two-way ATM, but there's nothing fishy about one-way ATMs, just a little less convenient and useful than a two-way ATM.
@_date: 2014-08-03 21:24:34
Agreed. And hell, even if the price ended up being $1m a month, the pre-order fees were waived, the card can be cancelled, they communicated it on their website and on reddit transparently the moment you could order. It's not some big scam. I mean what's their benefit? a few hundred pre-orders of whom maybe 30% wouldn't have given their EMAIL address if they had known there'd be a fee? Man that's an elaborate scam right there, they really got us didn't they. Pulled 500m right from under our noses like Mt. Gox...
Anyway, the community is big on principle. I respect that. It's important to be honest even about $0.00001 of fees, principle is principle so I can easily stand by people who say 'Xapo should've communicated this better and not overpromise'. But at the end of the day, it wasn't a big deal and the type of rhetoric I've seen the past 12 hours is way overblown.
@_date: 2014-08-24 14:08:30
I'm a student of business, studied business at multiple universities, run my own business and use Paypal almost on a daily basis. I'm not simply dismissing anything as a nerd or cryptofanboy.
And yes, other information carries tons of liability and information, too. Phone calls and video and text can be both neutral as well as contain highly toxic information that carries tons of consequences with it, just like bitcoin can be neutral or not.
But it's quite clear that Amazon has more to fear from a user charging back payment for a shipped product than a user has to fear Amazon not sending a product after payment. That's why I don't think it's fair for a business to carry the burden of risk when generally the business is the static company with a long-term view and a brand at stake, and the user is a fluid identity with nothing at stake except having a merchant blacklist a shipping address or something to that effect.
But this is regardless of the fact that we didn't even discuss chargebacks. The 3% fees Paypal asks for that I as a business pay do not protect me from chargebacks at all, they're fees on TOP of my chargeback risk.
So tell me why I'm paying 3% as a business, or when sending money to my friends, using Paypal, without that mitigating chargeback risk, when I can use Bitpay to collect money for free at 0% while mitigating chargeback risk, or use my Circle account to send dollars for free to a friend, virtually instantly? (yes I did get an account!) How does Paypal not suck more in this particular context?
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:26:13
Well peta mine is a private company I've got no idea how they arrange their things. 
But again it's relative. The block reward is in bitcoins and the dividends are in bitcoins. So if the price of bitcoin increases by 10x to $5k, both the dollar value of the block rewards and the dollar value of the dividends go up by 10x exactly the same. The relative share of money is exactly the same and doesn't change. 
As for whether the dividend amount would change, I don't know how peta mine does their things, they're a private company, ask them! :) What I do know is that if you look at their dividends have gone up in the past months while bitcoin is down. Don't know if there's any causality, but there's at least an inverse relation with the price. (price down, dividends up), but again, don't know if there's causality.
See here: 
But in essence the dividends depend on their mining rewards which depend on their hashrate compared to the network. This has little to do with the dollar price of bitcoin. For example, if they don't reinvest earnings while competitors do, their earnings in the future will start to decrease. In other words, more dividends now means less dividends later, while lower dividends means more investment into new hashing power means more rewards and more potential dividends later. A higher bitcoin price will generally spur new investments into mining hardware though, but we'd assume this would happen across the board and eventually everyone would end up with the same share.
Anyway, this is a private investment into a mining company. It's not really about bitcoin itself. I'd suggest asking them.
They seem to have a voting policy every week though. i.e. the investors vote on whether to take or reinvest dividends. As such dividends depend mostly on investor policy concensus. You might assume that if the dollar price is high then people want more dividend payout to earn fiat money, but conversely a high dollar price means that any dividends reinvested will buy more mining power. So there's multiple forces and it's hard to say where it goes. But generally dividends are up from 6 months ago. (about 4x higher) per share.
@_date: 2014-12-26 06:23:00
Team Treehouse was a pretty cool one for me. They're closing in on 100m annual revenue. Online education company like Khan Academy (also takes bitcoin)
Reeds Jewelers, 60 store locations, recall reading something like 100m revenue too from old statements (they're a private company).
Intuit is a huge one, not an actual merchant, but a very big payments brand that lets other merchants accept bitcoin.
Same for Paypal, Braintree, Square and Stripe. We're talking about some of the biggest brands in payments all integrating bitcoin in 2014, or announcing it. (e.g. Stripe allows it in a Beta and will launch in January).
Digital River wasn't mentioned either. They do $300m+ revenue and process $30b in payments. (just like Expedia does $4b revenue but tens of billions in payment processing for its hotels and airlines which can now be done with bitcoin too).
1-800-flowers, $700m revenue.
Can go on, probably missed a few.
@_date: 2014-03-18 13:31:15
M-Pesa has been pretty massively funded as it's a for-profit, did a lot to educate people and essentially works with brick and mortar stores on every corner where you can buy phone credit (the actual currency). 
Bitcoin's advantage is that it's a lot cheaper than M-Pesa (fees can be huge), but the problem I foresee is this.
You know how everyone says 'bitcoin isn't backed by anything'. Well it is, it's supply and demand. The notion that you can, at any point, liquidize your bitcoin into e.g. dollars is what inspires trust. The problem is that without online exchanges (like bitstamp, or Coinbase that sources at e.g. bitstamp) or brick and mortar stores like m-pesa, there is hardly any place to 'set the price' or back the value of bitcoin. That's the problem here.
If there were easy gateways allowing individuals to liquidize their coin or obtain new coins easily, plus there was infrastructure to send coin with feature phones through text messaging to phone numbers, not bitcoin addresses, I think it has a real chance of taking off. We've actually seen a few companies do this to some extent like kipochi but it has a long way to go. The problem is there's not a lot of people on the ground developing these things at the moment...
@_date: 2014-08-05 15:01:07
Well if you want to use your bro's phone, then you can simply download an app, set the phone into airplane mode (wifi, 3g, internet, bluetooth etc off) then scan the code. Then delete the app. Then turn internet etc on again. There'll be no way for the app to ever communicate what it scanned to anyone.
If you're technically inclined, there's tons of open-source QR code readers on github and you can check the code and review it and then run it in a safe offline environment.
@_date: 2014-06-25 10:25:25
Thing is, say you have a keylogger on your computer that logs the password you type in as the BIP password. Once you plug in the internet again the keylogger sends its logs to the hacker.
All of these things are extremely improbable by the way. Yes, quite a few computers have keyloggers, but to log keys specifically for a bip of a private key, then also get the private key, all with a logger that logs offline and sends when a connection is made, beating virus scanners and firewalls, all of that combined is quite tricky. But if you want to be absolutely sure, you have to take it into account.
The best idea would be is to get Tails OS. This is a one-time OS you can install on a fresh $15 USB stick. Everytime you start it, the OS is as if it was started the first time. It doesn't save or log anything and doesn't use the harddrive. Thus it leaves no logs on the disk, and because it's a brand new clean operating system there's no keylogger either. And because it's not used by 99% of the consumer population, relatively very few hackers have tried to build malware for it.
I'd recommend using bitaddress.org in combination with Tails OS. Get bitaddress.org's html file from the github and check it compared to the keys of its bitcointalk thread, its website and its github and check if it's all the same just to make sure. Review the open source code if you wish. 
Another great idea is, if you like passphrases, to use diceware.com. It allows you to use dice as a true random generator that can't be monitored and is guaranteed to be actually random, and it allows you to save your private key as passphrase seed of say 10 words, which can be a useful way to save/write down/memorize your key.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:55:11
If antminers are overpriced, then yes, but they generally aren't, while GH/S at cex.io clearly are.
Just take a look at this chart.
Then take a look at this chart:
The first is the price of a GH/S. The second is the difficulty rate.
The first is stable and slightly rising, the second is exponentially growing.
The first is the price of mining power, the second is the inverse of income from mining power (higher = lower income)
Can you fucking see my point? The price SHOULD BE the value, or close to it. If I give you a tree that grows $1 per day for 5 days, then that tree is worth $5 ( give or take a tiiiiny bit for maintainance, discounted cash flows etc.) But the cex.io trees are stable/rising in price, while the amount of dollars each tree grows is dropping.
At some point, people say fuck this tree and sell it. And if your tree makes very little money and you see the tree dropping in price below what you paid for it, you will sell too and everyone will and the price crashes like every bubble does and some people get away early (the winners in the ponzi) and some people get away late (the losers in a ponzi).
Note that 'ponzi' is not implying criminality or anything. Very few ponzis actually are designed as ponzis. Often they just happen, and one is in the works right now unfortunately, and you're on the positive end I'm happy to say for you.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:23:10
Amazon is probably kind of right. Amazon does 70.000 million in annual sales. Overstock did 1m in sales two months, a run-rate of 6m annually. 
In other words, Overstock's annual run-rate of bitcoin sales is about 0.008%, or less than 1/millionth of Amazon's annual revenue.
So if you were to say 'overstock bitcoin sales are votes for bitcoin', well your candidate just lost the race by a fucking gigantic margin. 
In other words, I'm not surprised Amazon says 'nobody's asking for bitcoin', because at their size, a few hundred or a few thousand people asking is virtually nothing in the same way bill gates wouldn't go out of his way to pick up a $100 bill because he makes more than that on the return on his money per second.
I suspect Amazon to come around at one point, but accepting a currency with a total money-supply that's less than 1/10th of its annual sales less and than 1/25th of its market cap is a bit of a joke at this point. So, in due time. People at Coinbase and Bitpay expect a few $1b retailers to join in 2014, but they know a $70b retailer is unrealistic for now.
@_date: 2014-05-14 13:16:36
He just literally said:
* 'we're actively considering how to enable bitcoin with Paypal, and we think it will play a very important role'.
That's fucking gigantic.
Again, he didn't say we're considering bitcoin or thinking about it in general. They're actively considering HOW they're going to enable bitcoin with paypal as if they already made up their mind, further supported by the fact they state they already concluded that it will play a very important role in the future.
edit: for some numbers, paypal has about 150m users. Onboarding them to a bitcoin ecosystem and opening up eBay and the many individiual merchants that take Paypal to bitcoin is very exciting.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:07:45
Few months ago they leased it for 5 years, yeah. Normally it's sort of an introductory website, explaining what bitcoin is, how to get it, how it works etc. But now they're just pointing it to their .info servers temporarily because the .info isn't pointing to the right place. (and DNS always takes a while to update, there's nothing they can do)
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:46:33
That's like saying what's the Internet's plan if the post office just hires faster drivers to deliver the mail.
@_date: 2014-06-08 23:59:36
And if you're considering to buy GH/S at cex.io, don't, it's a negative investment.
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:14:58
Good question! There was recently an AMA with lots of the sidechain (and bitcoin) developers. Just missed it. You can look it up and ask some of the devs in that thread directly through say a PM if nobody answers you here.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:37:31
Indeed, it'll be interesting to see where this pans out and how it'll shape legislation (which is often shaped not by legislators, but by judges ruling on cases and creating precedents that are then effectively a form of legislation).
I'm not entirely convinced that funds legally belong to the owners, definitely not, but I'm definitely leaning towards the assumption that this is how the law will see it. Probably similarly to how, if I give you my password for safekeeping, I don't thereby transfer ownership of my money in my bank account to you even though you have the access. While the definition of money is shaky, it's not unreasonable to expect a judge to (like Fincen), see bitcoin as a money-like asset, to which one, even if they hold the password, is not entitled ownership. Ownership belongs to the person who clicked the button confirming 'do you want to buy x btc for y usd' and thereby traded their dollars for bitcoin and became the owner.
But indeed, it's very tricky, especially as it's likely Mt. Gox traded IOUs and didn't use the blockchain for transactions. It's murky as hell.
@_date: 2014-04-04 10:40:41
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:53:14
It's not that simple.
These people don't really exist, that's the problem. I'm sure some people in Zimbabwe want to buy bitcoin, but how do they reach or even know about the possibility of some person 200km away in another city, who may be receiving remittance who could receive it in bitcoin?
You need some kind of a marketplace: either a network of brick and mortar exchanges in every big city. (this is essentially western union and why it's so expensive.) or the internet acting as a marketplace. (the type of bitcoin infrastructure, banking infrastructure, security and access to internet required for this is hard to pull off anywhere, particularly in a country like Zimbabwe).
And for these things to get the volume required to keep the price close to the global market price, so that you're not getting 5-20% differences in price like you see on localbitcoins quite often, is very hard to pull off. In every single case, if any of these links in the chain fail, western union is cheaper, faster, easier, more reliable and much better known and accessible.
I do believe this will change but I don't see a clear roadmap right now. Interested to hear more detailed ideas.
@_date: 2014-06-16 22:50:57
Yeaaaah buddy, now let's get that ETF on the road!
@_date: 2014-04-09 00:58:35
Don't be naive :D 
@_date: 2014-05-21 14:48:54
It's probably happening sometime this year. A few companies announced they're moving to bits already, and Gavin said a long time ago that if the price got to $100 or so, they'd need to probably change the terminology, so it's overdue. Satoshi even said they should do it once the price rose enough.
But it's not something that happens overnight. Generally the idea is thrown in, people discuss it, it sits for a while, idea is recovered, nobody really objects and nothing better came along, so it's implemented.
But generally it's seen as a good idea. 
@_date: 2014-08-31 14:41:26
Yesterday the volume was about 1k BTC. Today it's over 35k BTC.
Yet the price barely moves, even though today's run rate is well past 1 month of trading bitcoin.
That means that there are as many bitcoin bought as sold. And that's just not very likely to happen by anyone except a bot on this volume. Don't forget, trading is a zero-sum game, only it's not, it's a negative sum game as there are transaction fees on both ends of a trade. Meaning that there's a lot of money going from trades to BTC-E owners, in fact about $30k worth.
It's a very reasonable assumption. It's like seeing an email address go from sending 5 emails a day, to suddenly sending a few hundred, to its own address, for a fee. That's not a logical thing we expect of humans. It's likely a bot.
And it's not really a 'dig' at bots in the sense that we all think bots are bad for the ecosystem. It's not hurting anyone except the bot owner, I personally couldn't care less. Hell, I'm happy he's pumping liquidity into bitcoin at his own expense. It's just a bit silly that's all. It looks like someone is losing tens of thousands of dollars because of a flawed algorithm.
@_date: 2014-08-08 19:17:02


What? A year ago wasn't november it was August, the price was $93.
First of November, the price was $193. Mid November it was still $400.
And there've been plenty of times where you'd buy and lose money, such as April 16th 2013 when the price crashed to about 25-30% of its price a week before. November-Dec was nothing new, there've been numerous 50% crashes in history.
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:04:29
Please don't make these claims without stating 'dollar-volume' or 'dollar-trade' or 'in dollars'. Bitcoin is not a US currency, remember. Most of these articles will happily look at USD volume and make these bold claims, while completely ignoring Europe/EU and Asia, in particular China.
Sure, USD is by far the largest volume, but I think it's important to make these distinctions when we talk about total volume, it's silly to just talk about USD denominated volume despite it being the largest category.
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:05:51
Oh, absolutely it's his money, but it's quite clear why he bought it. In the press conference he said it's something they started talking about 6 months ago (buying bitcoin in bulk to create liquidity for Vaurum). It's not a personal purchase that he happened to choose to put to use through Vaurum, it's very much a decision a long time ago to make a purchase by him for the purpose of putting it to use through Vaurum.
So in that sense, for me it feels like a VC investment not just in general, but also in Vaurum. It's as if your brother started a company, and you bought 20% of the company by funding him with $100k, and then on top bought him a laptop to work on. It'd still be your laptop, but it was bought for the company. Or you'd buy him some product he could arbitrage on (Vaurum's business is basically arbitrage &amp; fees).
But yeah it's definitely a bit of a strange set up. I think for one thing it really shows how serious and confident Tim is in this particular company. Normally you'd want to really strictly lay down the financial structure. e.g. you'd transfer the $18m to Vaurum, but then in return you'd get equity. For them to keep that separate, for Tim to allow Vaurum to trade with his wealth, carry a risk on this money without getting equity in return, that shows confidence. (as does the fact his son runs an incubator aiming to fund 100 bitcoin startups in the next 3 years, that's a pretty insane number for one fund.)
I guess how they might do it is make it technically into a loan from Tim to Vaurum of the bitcoins. Tim then gets paid some low amount and benefits through the equity he already has in the company.
@_date: 2014-04-03 22:49:49
@_date: 2014-06-25 10:13:53
I don't really qualify those as launches, and frankly I doubt Circle really did. 
For example, the Ars Technica article is just some coverage by a video-game writer who sees Circle demo their product and allow people to register their mail and thinks (and writes) 'Circle is launching'. It's not a press release by Circle saying 'we're launching'.
I've personally only seen them either talk about, announce or demonstrate a product. I've not seem them launch (other than launch in the 'limited launch' sense of the word, e.g. google glass launched in 2012-2013, although everyone knew consumers wouldn't get to buy it in a store until 2014.)
Really I don't think Circle has been all that ambiguous about this. They've as far as I've seen, never announced any deadlines or schedules or public/open-to-all launches. They've demo'd the product a few times and invited a few users a few times, that's all.
And that's okay. Building an exchange that offers user-friendliness comes at a cost. They have to incur all the risk because they allow instant transactions for free. (i.e. you wire money, they get it two days later but give you bitcoin right away, and they pay for the transaction fee.) If you want to do that right you need to get your algorithms right because there's no way to manually oversee each transaction. That takes time, which is why unlike e.g. Bitpay, they didn't launch with 0.6m in funding. Their investors put tens of millions in Circle because they knew they'd have a burn rate of millions by the time they launched. So none of this slowness comes as a surprise to me, it's to be expected.
Look at Kraken, started in mid 2011, launched in full late 2013. They're now European market leader, but had to close down their dollar business because of regulatory uncertainty. They took a long time and still made a few mistakes, yet they're a market leader in the world's biggest economy, and throughout the years they've continuously talked about and demo'd their business, like Circle.
Normal state of affairs if you ask me...
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:21:31
I'd be happy to read it. If you're still wondering why I think so:


I'll admit, the numbers are difficult to obtain, that's why I'd love to read the analysis, always interesting.
But you mentioned Silk Road vs Bitpay. Bitpay launched in May 2011. 12 months later, May 2012, they were processing $170k per month.
Meanwhile Silk Road in 2012 was processing beyond $1m per month before then, in March. By August they were processing beyond $2m.
Does that look at all proportional? It's like saying all of US businesses like Apple, Wal-Mart etc do a tiny fraction of the total US drug trade. 
Of course, that was then. Silk Road is no longer, right? And Bitpay grew a lot since then.
True, but one thing often said about bitcoin to regulators is 'if you try to shut it down, like torrent was to Napster, it'll come back stronger and harder to kill'. And that's true. Silk Road is gone, but there are far, far more illicit bitcoin markets now than there were then and highly popular, too. Get an onion browser and see for yourself.
I think it's pretty safe to say that proportionally fiat currencies are used more for things like regular ecommerce than bitcoin is. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 18:53:11
Yup. Generally all payment processors, creditcard, paypal, stripe, square, lie between 2 and 3%. It's hard to say exactly because there's a ton of different fees. For example, the percentage fee on each transaction isn't called a transaction fee, it's usually called a discount rate in the world of payment processing, transaction fees are another thing. 
Often there's a base rate of about 2% and then a whole range of other fees on top. Stripe and Square are new parties and simplified this to 2.75% + 30 cents and they're competitive and have billion dollar valuations as a company, which generally means they're probably cheaper or similarly priced as the rest of the industry. Creditcards generally have a base rate of about 2%, a fee of 20-50 cents per transaction, plus monthly fees, startup/termination fees, chargeback fees, address verification fees, conversion fees, fees for an online merchant account, monthly statement fees, and minimum monthly fee. This all adds up to something like 2-3%ish, it depends, a bit lower for big retailers, a bit higher for mom n pop shops as the fixed fees are a bigger portion of revenue for them.
So for small transactions that's really harsh, e.g. if you send 50 cents for a newspaper article, you pay 70% fees as a merchant, for a dollar its 33% fees. If you send $10, that's still 6%, and if you send $100-1000 it's still roughly 3%, which is a shitton considering there are industries worth hundreds of billions that run on razor thin profit margins. e.g. Amazon had 2013 margins of 0.35%, in other words if they cut 2% off their processing fees, they'd quadruple their profits overnight.
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:33:54
So he said Snowden is the textbook definition of a traitor, true? Sort of. A traitor is not an 'asshole', it's someone who betrays. To the US government, he's definitely a traitor, which is the only definition that counts in the court of law.
So he's not wrong on this, but of course he also seems to be implying that Snowden is actually an asshole too for doing what he did, which is ridiculous, mostly. 
You have have to consider it's naive to think China and Russia didn't question him for weeks on all kinds of things unrelated to privacy of ordinary citizens (which is where I think he's the chief champion) like foreign intelligence type stuff which every country is doing, but probably only the US has someone spilling the beans on that on a scale like this.
As for privacy of citizens, Snowden is obviously a hero, but this isn't actually something Andreessen scorns him for because here he says, everyone knew, or he thought he did. And I think he's absolutely right. Hell, I was surprised everyone was freaking out, too. I'd been saying this for years, and I'm NOT the type of tinfoil hat person. I was saying it because there are loads of articles from 5-10 years ago about the NSA where whistleblowers talk on mainstream media like CNBC about the NSA, it was publcly known. As Andreessen says, they employ 10k people and have billions of dollars of funding, what did we all think they were fucking doing?
In general I don't think of Andreessen of a moral person though. Not immoral either, but he's very much a tech/business guy. He's not a philosopher, and his political leanings are a bit too much focused on (big) business for my tastes, hell he chose for Romney for example, so distancing himself from Snowden isn't exactly a surprise. He's not exactly the type of person actively championing the plight of the poor haha (although he did make a massive financial philanthropic commitment of half his VC wealth) His partner Ben Horowitz is a much more grounded and empathetic person in that regard.
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:09:02
1 alpaca sock :D
I NEED TWO TIPS GUYS!! It's just not very professional to walk around with just 1 sock, ya know..
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:28:18
Still unclear, might be the spread, I hope not. But it's not really alarming atm, Gmail, Google Search, Android, all free. Facebook, twitter, skype, all free at its core. Platforms are valuable and can monetize without subscriptions or fee-per-use.
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:17:46
lol at the splash page:
Look familiar? :p One of the more popular PSD tutorials out there.
Anyway, I love the public dashboard thing. Data on bitcoin usage is SO limited. No payment processor publishes data on bitcoin volume for example, while probably 95%+ of merchants are paid in bitcoin through a payment processor. And companies like Gyft don't say anything about their bitcoin-based sales. (btw, how is this different from Gyft, and do you do discounts, too?)
Great work in any case! :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 02:21:28
1 upvote! Very solid article.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:42:06
It doesn't fit with their security though and that's tricky. So what they do is switch around their addresses a lot using algorithms, and use 97% cold storage on AES-encrypted keys in bank vaults. 
Trying to throw in this notion of fixed private keys in there gets really mucky. They couldn't do cold-storage anymore, and they also wouldn't be able to secure these keys as a user might take the keys off Coinbase at which they could be compromised. 
It'd mean you'd get all kinds of people losing coins from their Coinbase wallet and not understanding, without any transaction history on Coinbase or any user having done anything. You'd get headline risk, a bad reputation and it'd be hard to find the source of the problem.
In general it'd just be confusing. And it'd be completely opposite to the company ethos, which is in simple terms 'my mom should be able to use it'. And they test like this, they actually have their mom try it. And time and time again, you'll hear things like 'what is that weird sentence?'. Oh that's a private key. 'Uh, what? What's a private key?'. Oh you're supposed to keep it safe and private. 'Oh alright well I'll put it in my dropbox/googledrive/whatever as a backup then' ... 'Where did my money go?'.
Coinbase is really not about doing everything, it's about doing bitcoin in a user-friendly way. There's plenty of alternatives for managing your keys. Armory, Blockchain.info, pen and paper and a million other ways. 
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:10:14
Indeed, Dutch too! My background? Pretty much nothing... Got into it mid 2013, read a shit ton. Have a background (college) in business/economics, and as a hobbyist (self-taught) and later professionally very basic (somehow people paid me for it!) software development. So I like to think I understand the basics of both the business, economics and technology of bitcoin. But it's all quite basic :) No crypto/math background, no security or distributed systems background, no deep software development, so I try to be humble in my positions but I try to learn as much as possible! :)
@_date: 2014-06-23 12:31:01
On the contrary for me, Peter is very well known for making huge bets and extreme ambition and optimism. e.g. working on space projects, human longevity and literally talking about how to solve all the world's big problems (i.e. writing a book on how 9 billion people in the future will ALL have access to clean water, sustainable energy, abundant food, education, healthcare, transport, security etc).
So he's not at all about 'sure things' and for me it reinforces the notion that bitcoin is one of those 'go big or go home' ideals that either revolutionize how we transfer, store and account value, or completely fail. And I think that's fine, that was in line with how I viewed bitcoin already.
Otherwise agree with your post, it's great news to see him entering the space particularly because his voice carries quite far and he mobilizes thousands of people through his work every day to work on various big projects.
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:24:42
Bitcoin is open to anyone, including ebay, including murderers and rapists and that's great.
@_date: 2014-09-10 12:02:02
Same, holland here.
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:36:39
Basically, a block is just a set of transactions that the network sent you. As you mine, you can include these transactions in a block. Once you mine the block successfully, you send the block of transactions to everyone else.
See the problem? You sent something to other people that they already sent to you. They already have the data, so why send it to them?
That's what gavin's proposal looks to solve. Instead of sending back the block to the network with all the individual transactions, you just send the answer + a low-data way of saying 'these transactions are part of the block'. It's much easier to send a reference to something than the something itself, providing the receiver already has the something.
It's like you send me 10 DVDs. I package 2 of them (say A and B) and send them back.
Instead, I could just send the packaging back and then say 'wrap it around these 2 DVDs A and B. Instead of sending two entire DVDs worth of data back to you, I just send the packaging, because you already have the DVDs.
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:42:01
You create an offline transaction, then give it to the other person. Then pray you get internet first so you can broadcast it before his double spend :P haha
Just kidding of course :)
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:11:41
A villa in madurodam.
@_date: 2014-10-17 19:09:47
Thanks bud!
@_date: 2014-09-29 10:57:44
Near zero in my opinion. Virtually everything that happens at an exchange is completely off-blockchain. When a bot makes trades on Bitstamp or Kraken or whatever, those are trades on their internal accounting system, their exchange. They're not bitcoin transactions. There is some transacting involved to get coins on and off the exchange, but it's negligible. For example, I could send 10 bitcoins to an exchange, day-trade it making 10 trades per day for 6 months, and then take off all the bitcoins I earned or that remain. There'd be 2 blockchain transactions, one to and one from the exchange, and there'd be 1800 trades that wouldn't show up in the above graph. In this hypothetical example, the graph would only count 0.1% of all transactions.
As for calling it traffic, I'd recommend just calling it what it represents, bitcoin transactions on the blockchain.
So I'd opine that it's a pretty decent proxy for actual adoption, actual usage.
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:14:37
Ugh... capitalizing on the scary bad word 'bank'. If you're not storing your keys yourself, then it must be with one of those evil banks. If my dad holds my keys he's certainly not a bank. I don't need this crap.
If you want to get technical, hive is not a wallet, it's an interface to a keychain. There I said it.
Look, I think it's great to see an honest discussion on ownership and autonomy in finance, and I have always had control over my own keys, my own cold storage, have a hive wallet too, in fact and would personally never leave bitcoins with a third party. But I don't think we need to get caught up with this semantic bullshit. 
Technically nobody is a wallet, and not being a wallet doesn't automatically make you a bank. 
And saying 'bank' instead of 'custodian' or 'counterparty' is really unnecessary, and obviously only done because bank sounds evil and custodian doesn't.
Let's just keep the conversation honest and clear. Yes I think everyone should be aware of the risks of leaving your money with a custodian or counterparty, that's something we should strife for, but why create the us vs them vibe. 
I think for a lot of people bitcoin can e.g. shield them from massive inflation (Venezuela 50% past 2 years) or horrible remittance fees (up to 25% in some corridors), yet they don't necessarily need to be anti-bank or have control of their private keys. That's not necessarily something everyone needs, so let's keep the discussion clear because frankly, I know a lot of people who'd benefit from bitcoin but would be scared off by the rhetoric in the bitcoin community. This particular quote is not a big deal by the way, don't get me wrong, but it's a small part of this larger vibe that definitely exists.
@_date: 2014-05-29 17:58:24
Well I don't know about you, but I went to my bank, showed them my income, they told me a max amount I could borrow. I agreed with them, and now I pay for a house and my mortgage fees are lower than the rent I used to pay on a similar home, on top I have tax writeoffs and I actually buy part of my house every month, so part of my 'costs' are actually paying €X in exchange for €X of value I get to keep, and this value is likely to rise in the next few years in this area.
Just because not every mortgage is a smart choice (because it's more expensive than rent in that area, or because that area has inflated housing prices that are inevitably going to come down) doesn't mean it's a scam. 
And just because interest rates are high (compared to e.g. a savings account) doesn't mean it's always a bad deal versus the alternative (renting). If you can find a friend who'll lend you that kind of money at a better interest rate either of you can get, that's cool too. But if you can't, I know myself and multiple people are paying less-than-rent and part of those monthly payments go towards ownership and can indeed be written off. You can say $500 on $10k interest is stupid, but it's awesome if the alternative is paying $15k in rent and get no tax write off, and there's plenty of places where the numbers are like this)
And I've never dealt with any party 'through' my bank or realtor or whatever. They're all separate, never referred (to) eachother, I approached each individually myself, if they know each other it's a rare coincidence.
Does that mean everyone should get any mortgage anywhere to buy any house? No of course not, far from it. But to call it a scam is ridiculous. It's like calling bitcoin a scam because Mt. Gox is shit, ignoring other parties, it's calling bitcoin a scam because its money supply increase this year is 10% above most OECD countries, ignoring places like Venezuela where inflation is above 55% this year. 
I could go on, but I won't?
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:37:29
Emails and names are childsplay. Happens to Facebook, Paypal etc all the time. Annoying, but it happens. 
0 evidence (or even any allegations) on Coinbase employees being fraudulent or criminal.
0 evidence Coinbase is under a gag order but passes on all transaction data. (which 95% of their users who just want to buy some sheets on Overstock don't care about.)
Please gtfo. You're welcome to return as I'm always happy to listen to evidence.
@_date: 2014-08-09 16:42:54


Articles that are overly political will be removed. Any article about any election or any candidate for any office is overly political.
I don't even know what that means :P But I sorta kinda see why they didn't like your post as it's political. It's more of a place to talk about stuff like how elections are held, how bills are drafted etc, but not actually any political stuff.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:56:10
You've got my hearfelt thanks for this. 
Do you have a website where we can follow your thoughts and actions on bitcoin? With so much noise in places like bitcointalk, it's nice to have someone highly involved who is also a stakeholder to listen to.
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:16:44
Ooh nice, I guess this is the first franchise to accept bitcoin directly in brick &amp; mortar stores (as well as online). That's awesome. And a decent franchise, too, 60+ locations!
Big news :) I hadn't expected Coinbase to move forward beyond web commerce yet so soon.
As for size, hard to say they're a private company. 2003 filings show they did $100m+ in annual revenue, cool stuff. Looking at industry growth figures, that number might be around $150m today, a decade later.
@_date: 2014-06-12 18:58:55


You're wrong buddy, the number is really FAR larger.
I'll explain. Say you take the numbers 2^4 which is 16, is the number of grains of sand on 1 planet. Now imagine each of these grains of sand is a planet itself with 2^4 grains of sand on itself. That would mean there are 16 planets and each planet has 16 grains of sand. In other words, 2^4 * 2^4 which is 16 * 16 which is 256, which is in other words, 2^8. As you can see, we only had to add the exponents (4+4 = 8) to eachother to make this work.
Now if we go back and say there are 2^63 grains of sand, if each grain of sand is to be a planet with 2^63 grains of sand on it, the total grains of sand is simply 2^(63+63) or 2^126.
Now 2^126 is a number far smaller than 2^160. It indeed is hard to put in to words, but it's NOWHERE near 'in the ballpark of'.
Your gigantic figure of 2^126 is actually only 0.0000000058% of 2^160.
The number of addresses is truly amazing. Let's not get started on the number of private keys which is 256 bits! :D (minus a few that don't fit the ECC bitcoin uses)
1 upvote @_date: 2014-04-07 01:44:36
Indeed. There was just a video posted on using Armory and Tails. Awesome way to use two flash drives to keep your operating system and wallet completely seperate from the actual computer hardware these two elements come together in, running completely off-of memory and allowing cold storage and offline signing of transactions. It's great, but the immediate and constant thought is 'what if the usb stick gets lost, misplaced, wiped by the girl/boyfriend for a photo album etc'. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:04:19
This is awesome. Thanks for figuring this out! (how did you go about this research? I know transactions are all public, but what strategy/approach did you come up with and why)
It means two things (can be either or a combination): 
- a lot of people's money might actually be returned because the bitcoins were not stolen
- the private keys to the non-stolen might simpy be lost. That still really sucks, but it's a much better outcome and better story than 0.3 billion dollars being stolen. It means every bitcoin lost means all other bitcoins just went up in value, too, and it means a significant portion of money is accounted for instead of being in the hands of criminals. 
@_date: 2014-12-27 21:50:02
Well mining definitely plays its part. Why? Well here's why. It's likely that in the first year of huge bitcoin inflation most bitcoins were lost. 
That is, Satoshi mined a million and probably has no access to them, or no interest to access them. Lots of people turned on their machine to mine and mined tens of thousands, before there was even a market price. And then eventually people still did that, while the market price of a bitcoin was about one thousandth of a penny. Imagine the care you have for a penny, then divide that by a hundred, and then imagine the penny couldn't be spent on anything except Alpaca socks, and you'd need a thousand of such pennies for that. The care you'd have for that penny would be close to zero.
So it's likely that a very large percentage of coins in 2009-10 and a significant percentage of coins in 2011, were lost due to a lack of care or interest. Remember that in 2011, the price began at less than $1. About 30 cents to be exact. The entire mining revenue of the entire world was $45 an hour. And that's 2011. Nevermind 2009-2010. At the end of 2010, there were already close to 8 million bitcoins in existence. (about 7.7 or so). More than half of all bitcoins we have today were mined during a time when the price of a bitcoin was in the pennies. Again, how much does one care for pennies?
And it shows. Millions of bitcoins have never been sent, spent or touched. In fact, it appears close to 25% of all bitcoins are provably lost. (
In other words, with all the loss, theft, disinterest, carelessness, forgotten passwords and lost harddrives, at least 25%, and probably close to 40, perhaps 50%, of bitcoins are inaccessible.
To then create another 10% would be more akin to 20% growth of actual accessible bitcoins. It'd be the equivalent of pumping $1 into the economy for every $5 that exists. Put that into perspective for a second. The US money supply figure of M2 (used to target inflation) is $11.5 trillion. At bitcoin's inflation rate, we'd see an additional 2.3 trillion dollars pumped into the economy within a single year. It'd be as if every person in the US earned more than $7k extra out of the blue. You can be rest assured they'd spend it, and the price would drop a lot.
Add to that the likeliness that miners who saw their coin skyrocket in 2013 probably held on and are selling now, it's likely that there is a huge amount of mined coins being dumped.
That having been said, I *fully* agree that this doesn't explain a 70% drop. That's clearly related to other things (a price correction after a ridiculous 100x bubble while adoption only grew by 10x or whatever, as well as the Chinese market disappearing overnight as the government clamped down, as well as the biggest brand in bitcoin and holder of coin at the time, Mt. Gox, disappearing overnight and potentially dumping half a billion dollars of coin into the wrong hands). 
I appreciate that. But increasingly I hear people (not you in particular) who tend to underestimate mining as if it's just a small percentage and a little bit of inflation and super normal. But they forget that it's 10% over 13 million coins, while it's likely that at least 4 million coins and possibly 6m coins are on addresses to which nobody has access anymore. In that context, 10% becomes a lot more. And let's not forget what 10% is. It's 1.5m coins, at today's price that's close to $500 million. Now look at the orderbooks and we can easily observe the price would sit at a few hundred dollar more for a while if you had such a 0.5 billion dollar whale empty the books. It's really significant. I'm not saying mining is killing us, or that it's the cause of the price drop in 2014, or that without it we'd be above $1k a coin. But we shouldn't downplay it. Hell, it's a little more than a year before we'll see the rate half. And if we can have a stable price now (we've been at $320 for 3 months now) while $125m of extra coins were produced in those past few months, imagine what would happen when that rate gets cut in half.
I mean, just look at the top two exchanges by volume, Bitfinex and Bitstamp. The former has a 17k coin ask orderbook, i.e. it's only an average of roughly $11m to match every single ask order at an average price of $650. And guess what the price of the last ask is? $1k. That is, if you clear the orderbook by spending $11m, the price on Bitfinex is $1k.
Bitstamp? I can't see without using their API, but from the limited graph it shows the orderbook goes up by $30 if you spend roughly $1m, if we assume that's a normal rate, you could go past $700 for roughly the same amount ($11m).
Now put those two numbers into perspective, which is that we've created $125m of coins in the past 3 months alone, and $500m this year. Imagine if that hadn't hit the orderbooks, seeing how shallow they are and easily moved with a few million dollars.
Now of course the order books will get replenished and more selling pressure arrives as soon as the price jumps. I know that. And I know that you can't spend $11m and see the price jump to $1k, it will only sit there temporarily before dropping down a few hundred. But I hope you see my point which is that 10% inflation is practically higher, perhaps even nearing 20%, and that this is really significant because even the largest exchanges have shallow orderbooks, and that $500m per year of less selling pressure on an exchange is actually huge, and that this effect is decreasing a little bit on a relative basis every 10 minutes, and drastically decreasing the summer after next.
@_date: 2014-02-28 13:27:43
Stupid ass idea. 
Listen, if the funds are gone, THE FUNDS ARE GONE. Becoming a shareholder won't fix shit.
The only thing becoming a shareholder will do is keep something alive that has been in HUGE trouble FIVE times. 
This is the value of a company
- Its board &amp; management (Karpeles &amp; Karpeles, shit)
- Its capital (negative, therefore shit)
- Its technology / R&amp;D (where do I start? shit)
- Its brand / reputation (lol?)
I can go on. Why would you want to revive this?
You know what is awesome about Bitcoin's lack of regulation? Survival of the fittest. It's been coined Digital Darwinism.
When a bank shows gross incompetence, it's bailed out. The incompetence is allowed to survive and thrive. It continues. It's like a thief who steals money and gets arrested and is let go free the next day. It continues.
Mt. Gox is dead and it'll stay that way. You know what will happen? Other shit will happen. Companies that are ran properly. Over time, the bad will die, the good will survive and be rewarded by users' trust and business.
But sure if you want to go with the dumbest idea ever, reverse that, revive the worst company ever over and over again and don't allow proper companies to compete with endless bailout money.
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:05:10
A bit strange. I'll translate.


Financial products that invest in virtual money are on a list of financial products that may no longer be sold to individuals.
They use the word 'particulieren' here which I translate to 'individuals'. A particulier is really a party that's not a government or a company. It often is a citizen.
The FSMA points out the dangers of virtual coins, such as the risk that the exchange-platform is hacked, the exchange-rate risk and the absence of a legal guarantee that the virtual money can be exchanged for its original value.
That's it. Extremely weird. It's basically a big consumer-protection piece that goes too far, in that it doesn't allow any risk for the sake of protecting individuals. It's a bit like saying individuals can't start a company because there's no legal guarantee that it will ever return money. Or individuals can't buy dollars as a currency investment, because there's an exchange rate risk. The whole idea of risk is that you take risk and hope to profit.
The exchange-platform hacking is something pretty concerning. Now you can see what the impact of Mt. Gox is, a whole country banning people from buying financial products that invest in virtual currency. This is why it's great to have reputable companies with VC-investments that don't fuck up like this and talk with regulators.
I assume a swift reaction from various bitcoin organisations and companies and this may be overturned to an extent. It is after all a very weird statement, because you can trade bitcoin on the same platforms that trade gold futures, platforms which are used by banks and are (quote on quote, ostensibly) 'unhackable'. And investments in e.g. gold futures don't have any legal guarantee of returning the same value, either. 
I mean, the whole notion of investing is to return something OTHER than the same value, preferably 'more'. To name that as an argument against investing is crazy, as if applied the same way, bans every investment ever.
From the wording it's not exactly clear if individuals are prevented from buying bitcoin. It says literally 'financial products that invest in virtual money'. In other words, things like the BIT (which is a security of a fund that invests in bitcoin) would be banned, but it didn't explicitly state the purchase of bitcoin itself is banned. 
Will translate if necessary again. We'll see how this turns out, but I think it'll get a swift reaction. There's a number of quite significant bitcoin companies in this region.
@_date: 2014-06-17 09:53:17
@_date: 2014-04-29 10:43:09
I'd hate to see a few clever students tell their peers to login to so-and-so bitcoin site and click a few buttons (sending them the bitcoins) for say $50. Any student will pretty much do this who doesn't have an interest in bitcoin. Even if less than 50% of people do this, the clever ones walk away with over $100k worth of coins.
Still a cool experiment. I hope there'll be an 'restriction of honour', one that is not policed, but that urges everyone to either opt-out or do something, not just sell the coins below market value for cash in a way that doesn't really involve any bitcoin infrastructure.
@_date: 2014-05-15 12:10:58
Great post.
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:15:03
Agreed on all points, thanks for putting it down so clearly and concisely!
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:18:18
It was just a joke... I wasn't seriously suggesting spending half a billion on a silly marketing scheme...
@_date: 2014-03-10 01:33:39
Agreed buddy!
@_date: 2014-04-02 16:17:35
I'd be happy to hear from (direct) sources otherwise. Not trying to spread FUD here, apologies if I'm spreading misinformed reports, this is what I've heard and read.
For example:
I've heard a lot of people say all over reddit and bitcointalk that Danny can't be reached and nobody knows what's going on. Including insiders. E.g. Andreas, one of their advisors reached out to Danny and didn't hear anything. He doesn't know anything, either.
As for him running out of money, he said it himself in his post where he stated he's stepping down as CEO so another can replace him. He said he ran out of liquidity and left the country to look for investors. Again, this wasn't communicated to anyone publicly, nor were (previous) investors made aware of 1) grave liquidity problems on a company they co-own and 2) the need for investors, them being investors, it's just awfully strange they weren't informed.
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:33:16
Thanks bud! :)
@_date: 2014-05-14 10:42:35
I think on the contrary, I'd very much liken Ghash to Paypal if it actually stuck to any agreement and didn't return the 3 accidentally misplaced bitcoin.
More generally, I think it's important to get rid of the arbitrator for other reasons. (agency problems, conflict of interest, potential corruption etc). For example, as a miner I'd be worried that in a span of 5 years, the pool administrator will never make a mistake or subtly defraud its miners.
But in this particular case, where we're talking about mining fees that are literally 10 thousand times as high as the intended fees (which itself were more than was minimally necessary), I don't think there's any question about what should have been done, regardless of the law. Listen I actually come from a family of laywers, my brother and father, my uncles and grandfather all studied law and I respect it very much, but it's not holy for me. It's useful most of the time, but I think this case with a 10 thousand x difference and an obvious mistake of misplaced money never intended to be a miner fee, I think it's clear what should happen. And in fact, knowing how the law works would have me assume that most legal systems would actually acknowledge this, in that most judges would rule the 3 bitcoin to actually not be miner fees at all even though by the blockchain protocol they technically are. Legal systems actually do have a lot of room for interpretation and will even see legal agreements as completely void in some cases. (e.g. many clauses in TOS agreements are actually completely meaningless in the court of law, for example when employees waive away inalienable rights it doesn't change anything. Similarly, the court would likely rule the return of fees not intended for mining to be perfectly legal even without a prior agreement, or even if an agreement prohibits the administrator from paying out mining fees to anyone but the miners, just because judges actually can and will make up their mind as to what constitutes a miner fee and what constitutes a misplaced transaction.)
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:35:54
I'm familiar. I think the difference between these two is that virtual currencies were circumventing the Chinese economy and could be shut down without that damaging the Chinese economy. With Bitcoin, it's more akin to the Internet, it has a possibility of acting as a global currency, a store of value, a digital frictionless cheap secure fast payment system, as well as act as proof of ownership and identity in anything ranging from proof of realestate ownership or proof of identity in elections. China can criminalize or marginalize bitcoin, but it would potentially come at a huge cost. Just like China couldn't compete or modernize or grow without the Internet, I hope and modestly expect Bitcoin to be similar to an extent. As such, I expect China to return to Bitcoin and gradually bring it back into Chinese society, but at its own terms and probably after it has proven itself elsewhere to be viable. The Chinese have always been quite good at catching up quickly in terms of knowledge, infrastructure, businesses etc, so this is a pretty viable strategy.
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:29:28
"Mining is self-correcting. If it becomes too expensive, miners quit, difficulty drops, mining x transactions becomes cheaper, miners come back."
Bitcoin can easily scale by 100x at which point transaction fee revenues start to outweigh even today's mining revenues.
If bitcoin doesn't scale by 100x (it's currently at about 1 transaction per second worldwide. Paypal has a peak rate of 100, Visa of 10.000.) due to a lack of popularity and desire to use it, then bitcoin fails to be meaningful in the world, anyway, regardless of a potential problem with fees in 10 years from now.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:05:30
Nice first thing I've been interested in buying in Amsterdam. (thuisbezorgd/takeaway.com is great, but I cook all my meals)
Will definitely hit you up for a movie when my girlfriend is back from her travels :)
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:57:55
Let me know if you're willing to bet money a fortune 500 company like Google or Visa is going to drop a few hundred million on hashing power and do a 51% attack lol. You're out of your mind.
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:07:09
Sold against? It's sold for dollars. What do you mean exactly?
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:33:43
Agreed! If you look at some of the cool companies and VC investments, I'm seeing a lot of Bitcoin/Ripple hybrids, complementing each other e.g. to act as gateways to various financial systems. Pretty cool.
For me Bitcoin is the big 'autonomous store of value + settling mechanism + web/machine finance network' and Ripple is the 'gateway &amp; network to connect various new (bitcoin) and archaic (ACH, SWIFT, SEPA etc) systems together'.
Would love your take on this. Always see your name around, e.g. on wiki entries etc, you probably have a better view on this than I do :)
@_date: 2014-11-12 22:25:49
There's no convincing him of a negative, he has to convince you. You can't call something a ponzi for no reason, you have to have a reason, an argument, evidence, and any of that should be easily refutable given that bitcoin indeed isn't a ponzi. Let us know if he proposes any compelling arguments.
@_date: 2014-03-19 19:07:08
Indeed, I hear this quite often but I think it's a weak argument. Some points as to why:
* Firstly, it's inherently inconsistent as the argument is 'hord until you're incentivized to spend due to value increase'. Firstly, it supposes that there will be a value increase, which can't be assumed (look at the last 4 months, not one month of growth), particularly when that which is hoarded (bitcoins) has no apparent utility because it is not being spent. If bitcoin isn't being used then it's 'just a cryptocurrency'. Remember, almost all the hundreds of cryptocurrencies  are based on bitcoin, some aren't *any* different except in name. If bitcoins aren't being used, it's no different from whatevercoin. 
* Hoarding and spending is not mutually exclusive. You can keep 10 bitcoin, spend 5 bitcoin per month and immediately buy them back. You'll always, apart from 10 minutes per month or so, have 10 bitcoins in your wallet. Yet, merchants are receiving 5 bitcoin per month and exchanges are moving 5 bitcoins per month and payment processors are processing 5 bitcoins per month. The ecosystem thrives, grows, sees demand, yet the supply/demand on your end stays exactly the same.
@_date: 2014-08-21 21:59:52
I've traded tens of thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin on Kraken and only paid less than one dollar or so on actual blockchain transactions. To say they're skimming is pretty ridiculous. The transaction fees I paid on bitcoin transactions for a bitcoin withdrawal (only time this happens) has been less than 0.00001%.
@_date: 2014-05-16 11:27:40
fuck yeah
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:14:41
Well not exactly, I'd say pretty much 99.9% of bitcoin users have most if not all their income in fiat. Nobody needs to cash out anything at Coinbase to make payments, so it doesn't save you any fees at all. It's actually costing you because Xapo sells your bitcoin for you and they can't do this for free, so you'll be paying for that, too. (which is priced in when they quote the price in bitcoin). On top of this, there's the regular creditcard fees that the merchant pays. Nobody is saving any money here, it's merely an alternative creditcard that happens to be a bit more expensive and happens to only work with bitcoins that you have to buy first. This way it's like bitcoin is expensive giftcard credit you can buy with your bank through Coinbase, and then use with a Xapo card. It's worse than what we had before and neither the merchant or surrounding people know bitcoin is behind these payments. As such, I don't see it as a particularly interesting thing. Bitcoin needs to either do something completely new, or do something better (cheaper, faster). But doing the old thing slightly more expensive with a bit more hassle? Ugh.
@_date: 2014-08-02 17:26:10
I tend to use '2^20' as a shorthand for a million, and two of those (2^40) is about a trillion. It's a bit bigger than that in reality but I like it.
So 2^120 would be a trillion times the amount of work as a 2^80. That itself is pretty incomprehensible. It'd be as if all the bitcoin mining done by the entire planet so far, having generated billions of dollars worth of bitcoin and expended large investments (probably to the tune of a few hundred million dollars so far), would be done by every person on the planet INDIVIDUALLY (say, 10 billion instead of 7) 10 times over, to get to a trillion times the work.
And that's just a low-ball approximation of 2^120. 2^128 would be about 280 trillion times more work that we've done so far in the past few years.
I think it'd be really hard, but then moore's law is a powerful thing. Even more powerful is the word 'some day' :P 
@_date: 2014-05-05 21:01:54
Great question! So, look at the entire world wide web, not the internet necessarily, but the web. Reddit for example, or facebook, or youtube or any of the millions of websites. All of them are accessible because there are computers running 24/7 (servers) to serve you these websites. This costs money for hardware, networking, electricity, maintenance etc. 
So how to pay for all of this and how to make a profit that gives people reason to build these big services? Well I'm sure you've seen ads plastered all over the place. Facebook has ads, twitter has ads, youtube has ads, online newspapers have ads.
Ads everywhere! This idea e.g. Coca Cola pays $1m to show a banner thousands of websites in the hope visitors see it and spend in total more than $1m on Coca Cola. It's the only real way to monetize the web, short of subscriptions that are not very popular. (e.g. pay a year of the Wall Street Journal when you only want to read 3 interesting articles a month.)
This is where microtransactions come in. Advertising doesn't cost much, the eCPM is usually about $1 (cost of 1000 views of your ad), or 1/10th of a penny. With two ads on a page, the content of five pages on a website costs 1 penny. What if, instead of seeing ads, you could read the newspaper, or watch a youtube video, completely free of advertising. And instead, you pay 1 penny for every 5 videos you watch. That wasn't ever possible because a creditcard payment requires lots of complex verification and once its done, it costs 30 cents + 2%, meaning a 1 cent transaction is ridiculously expensive. But with bitcoin, that's very easy. We can get a completely different model of financing the world wide web's content which is huge. Imagine a celebrity doing a youtube concert watched by 1m people who each pay 10 cents, that's peanuts, if it's as easy as login in to facebook to pay with bitcoin (stuff like this is in the works) and it only costs 10 cents, an artist could easily raise $100k just like that, and then send it to a charity at no cost, everything being complete and done minutes after the concert ends.
Another example is email. Spam is huge, billions of spam-email are sent each day. It costs businesses a lot to battle this, some still gets through and that often hurts users. What if you set your google mail to only accept email with a very tiny bitcoin attachment of 1 cent. An average user would only spend a few dollars a year on email, which is not a problem. However, for someone who sends 1 million spam emails a day in the hope 1.000 go through, it now costs him 0.3 million dollars a month to send just a few emails for viagra pills or a Nigerian king. In other words, spam would be hugely reduced, due to microtransactions.
@_date: 2014-06-06 00:26:38
Check out some youtube videos of people using bitcoin, trading bitcoin. It might make the whole process more comfortable :)
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:17:53
You're implying he might've been fired? I'm not sure, I think he said he quit Google. And it's very easy to assume that he could work at Google or any other place really as a senior software engineer. He worked at google for 8 years. I think I recall him saying he started working on bitcoin in his 20% tie, but at some point that's been scaled back and his bitcoin responsibilities probably grew. He's definitely one of the top 20 programmers in bitcoin, which is a big deal for something worth $6b already even if you forget about what it can become. So it makes sense he quit himself. But I don't know.
@_date: 2014-04-15 21:38:56
Not really, but it's easy enough to go back and find out yourself, or make your own.
The cool thing about this chart is that in a quick look at the graph, everyone screaming 'volatility' is silenced. Because, having followed bitcoin for a long long time, I'm comfortable saying that 90%+ of volatility can be attributed to regulation (US, China), relatively big parts of the ecosystem failing (Mt. Gox) and a few big news stories (Overstock, VC investments)
Now these things are massively important right now. The US banning bitcoin meant no Coinbase, no Bitpay, no ATMs, barely any VC investment, barely any exchange volume from the US market etc. So of course when the US looked at bitcoin favourably, and as China appeared to welcome bitcoin (by running educational programmes on state owned TV), the price appreciated by 100 fold between beginning of Oct and Dec, two months. And of course, when China clamped down, the price dropped in the same period by 30%. And of course when Mt. Gox, the biggest exchange dies with half a billion in value, the price drops.
But these things don't happen forever. In five years from now, every single government has written legislation and provided guidance on bitcoin. In five years from now, the biggest companies will be highly professional companies. Already we see companies like Coinbase that are backed by VCs who run billion-dollar funds and have a track record of starting huge businesses and being key players in entire industries such as the internet, while Coinbase hires ex FB, ex Google, ex Amazon, ex Goldman Sachs employees to run a highly competent, compliant, financially stable business. We won't see Mt. Gox happen again on such a scale in five years and we won't see a country outright clamping down on bitcoin in five years either.
And if you remove that, volatility is actually very low. 
So I said it, bitcoin volatility is low if you remove the fluctuations from regulation/mt.gox/overstock. And those things won't be happening anymore in five years (apart from overstock like merchants accepting bitcoin, but it won't be a big deal anymore causing price changes).
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:22:59
Absolutely! Love to see more data, especially lesser known data like this.
@_date: 2014-12-25 20:11:31


Eh, that's exactly what I said. I said it's 70% of the number of transactions, but only 2.3% of the volume (volume being the total volume, not the amount of transactions as I had already referred to that with a different statistic).
I then later elaborated on that saying that this shows Mpesa powers many basic transactions (small payments like grocery shopping), but is only a tiny fraction of the total amount of actual trade. And that this is shown even further by Mpesa deposits being an even smaller percentage of total deposits.
All of this is in support of the argument I'm making, which is that Mpesa is great for small payments, but can't do some of the larger things like loans, international payments, storage of wealth, contracts etc, which usually involves fewer but much larger value amounts.
So how anyone could have construed that as me saying Mpesa transfers 70% of value with only 2.3% of trade, and that Mpesa is all about powering large-value financial services like contracts, loans, wealth storage etc, is beyond me. That's obviously not what I said.
If you want to argue semantics about my use of the word 'volume' (which we use on this subreddit often to refer to e.g. the 24-hour volume on Bitstamp for example, which is a total bitcoin volume count, not a transaction-volume count), I'm not really interested as the entire context of my post didn't leave the meaning of that word ambiguous. 
In any case, thanks for letting me escape the boring after-dinner Christmas chat with my aunts :P I've tried to stretch this post as long as I could... back to it then!
@_date: 2014-05-01 11:07:40
You're not supposed to be able to buy from a company the funds it holds as a custodian. For example, say you drop your car for repairs at a mechanic, he goes bankrupt. He's not then allowed to sell the company to a new owner, who then suddenly owns your car.
It's fine to buy Mt. Gox software, servers, customer databases (over which users  have the right to have their data removed, by the way), the brand, the website etc. But it's ridiculous to be able to buy a company and gain ownership of its previous customers' funds.
It's also not right for this company to buy Mt. Gox assets (e.g. the tens of thousands of bitcoin held by unverified/closed-accounts), yet not be liable to pay legitimate creditors.
That's like me starting a company where I borrow $1m from you, then claim bankruptcy, then sell the $1m to my brother for a dollar, and him not being at all responsible to you the creditor. 
Lastly, I don't see why they're taking $10m for recovery efforts. Recovery should be done by notaries, nothing more nothing less. Whatever they charge, is deducted from the amount recovered. It's ridiculous to pay a lump-sum $10m fee to a private individual for recovery efforts of a company he now owns. There's tremendous conflict of interest here. And then on top of this, this person gets 10% of all that is recovered? 
Hell, ANYONE would gladly take $10m + 10% to look at the books and see how much can be paid back. That's not 'risking capital and effort' at all, that's 'getting free money that belongs to other people'
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:33:16
Way to miss the point buddy ;)
His point was you can make statements against bitcoin merely from knowing it's deflationary and therefore can't really work very well in our economy which seems to thrive and work best with small inflation that slightly incentivizes spending. 
I disagreed and gave an example of how even if you regard deflationary aspects of a currency as bad, that bitcoin can still be immensely powerful regardless of whether there is 5% or 50% deflation or inflation for that matter. An example of that would be such a fiat-to-fiat transactions, or using satoshis for smart property, stocks, smart contracts, timestamping etc.
In other words, just knowing something is deflationary is not enough to argue for or against it. It's only a factor of a more complicated discussion.
@_date: 2014-07-29 16:13:31
Love this company. I'm wondering, who is their local exchange partner? As in, who do they sell their bitcoins to locally?
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:26:31
No not necessarily, but it means more people holding a certain sentiment is different from less people holding a certain sentiment... which means you could say things like 'the general sentiment has changed'. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 14:56:03
I looked at it a bit more and I turned out to be wrong. Paymium is actually cheaper than Bitpay, and potentially cheaper than anyone else. 
For me personally the difference in price isn't big enough for that to be the deciding factor. I'd personally rather go with Bitpay due to their experience and reputation which has been great over the past few years, their investments in the protocol (Jeff Garzik), and open-source solutions (bitcore, copay) as well as the professionalism and the lack of any scandals. (such as Paymium's instawallet being hacked and people losing money, or a Paymium employee openly calling someone a whiny punk bitches on Reddit)
So for me personally, Paymium has to prove itself more.
But to get back to the point, they're slightly cheaper.
Bitpay costs $30 per month. Paymium costs about $27 a month. So it's a $3 a month difference. Bitpay also has a 0$ per month 1% per tx plan, which may work out cheaper. e.g. if you have sales *in bitcoin* of $2.7k or less per month, then paying 1% is cheaper than paying $27 or $30.
Coinbase is pretty similar to Bitpay's 1% plan, only they waive away the first $1m in bitcoin sales (so the first $10k in fees) which for a SME is by far the best option as not many small companies make $1m in sales, let alone in bitcoin sales (which are usually no more than 1-5% of a company's sales volume)
The trial is pretty simple. Basically it's free until Jan 1st. After that you pay €20 a month.
Anyway I'm not a representative of anyone, best to contact each company and have a chat. They'd all be more than happy to hear from you I'm sure.
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:45:30
Xapo just got another 20m investments btw... pretty cool. I'm really curious to see their numbers, it seems as if they have an okayish product that isn't used much (because fees, for essentially cold storage that anyone can setup in an hour) but I guess they either must have nice cashflow, or must have some awesome product lined up, because they just got the record $40m investment total.
@_date: 2014-12-30 20:08:12
Thanks for telling me what I already concluded myself.






In any case, my post was really in response to volatility being such a big problem. (it's not. there are other, bigger issues, but volatility is pretty easily solved. You can exchange BTC to USD for 0.45% and keep your money in USD/Gold/Yen/Euros, whatever, and spend it for free, but it's still bitcoin. So volatility doesn't have to be a problem anymore, it's a problem to obtain bitcoin, or find a place to spend it, not volatility.) 
The rest of my post was really regarding the documentary I linked to. It's about the millions of not-so-poor people with homes, cars, phones, who can't get a bank account. You'll see if you click the link. For homeless people though? I don't see bitcoin as a solution anytime soon.
But thanks for the sarcasm, cussing and downvote. 1 upvote in return :)
@_date: 2014-04-16 20:04:10
Indeed I read it, but that doesn't indicate full compliance (which requires a MSB license in 47 states) as far as I'm aware.
For example: 
@_date: 2014-04-28 12:25:00
It's not equivalent to the west, but it definitely exist, albeit in a different way. For example, check out this TED talk:
It's pretty interesting and chronicles a few democratic/freespeech movements in China that have a huge impact, yet don't formally exist. 
Contrast it to formal systems in the west and you run into things like the Snowden/NSA or the PatriotAct/Guantanamo, gag orders, de facto censoring/manufacturing of public opinion due to politically-motivated media campaigns, and a whole range of academic studies providing data that individual voters have near-zero influence on public policy.
In this light it'd be naive to think of formal systems as superior to informal systems, if the former don't necessarily provide better results, and possibly worse.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:31:58
Well, I think it's healthy and smart to discuss every realistic scenario. But at some point one has to consider accepting a risk and accepting not knowing what will happen.
By analogy, what will happen when you walk outside today? You don't know until shit hits the fan. What happens if you get hit by a car. What happens if a large number of people are in a train accident and the ambulance has to prioritize between victims with similar urgencies and needs. 
We lack information here and we can easily identify the risks. Yet, we accept this and walk out the door everyday.
With Kraken I admit the risks are higher than the example I just mentioned, but probably lower than the risks at other exchanges. As early adopters who are (at least should be) aware of risks and accept them in order to participate in this great Bitcoin experiment, I think Kraken is one of the top choices.
To address some of your specific points:
- What if they started trading a million a day, and all of a sudden all of their bank accounts were frozen by the Fed?
They have been trading 1+ million average the past few days. Their operations bank account is in the US. Yes, it can be frozen, but it has mentioned it has multiple banking partners in different countries for such cases. The customer funds in the German bank would be unaffected, operations are never paid for from customer fund accounts. Only trading fees are transferred between the two. They have an agreement in place with the German bank to have an opportunity to wind down any accounts if necessary and refund fiat to customers. The US Fed does not appear to immediatelly jepordize any of this. 
- Of course they'd have to call a halt to trading, USD deposits and USD withdraws, but do you think the site would remain functional enough for us to log in and withdraw the BTC we had in there
It's mainly a Euro-based exchange, probably &gt; 99% of their fiat is Euro and that's where their focus seems to be for the immediate future. Considering they have multiple banking partners outside the US and their main one being Euro-denominated it's very likely they can continue BTC trade and withdrawls (which are completely unaffected and extremely hard to compromise as they're in very secure, safe cold storage with no ability to do fractional reserve or a bank run) and there's no immediate reason why Euro trade couldn't happen either, again their main currency by far.
- What if you had traded your BTC to USD and were about to purchase BTC again when they called a halt to trading? You'd be screwed.
If instead of the US Fed e.g. it would be the ECB doing the same and they'd freeze euro trading, yes you'd be screwed. But, if everyone excercises personal responsibility over their funds (e.g. withdraw to personal storage after the trade) your risk exposure is very limited. Let's not forget, SEPA withdrawl/deposit is completely free and actually very fast. More importantly however, frozen funds are a completely different story from lost funds. Again, quite different from Mt. Gox who likely was doing fractional reserve banking after loss of funds from lack of adequate security measures. Kraken doesn't have this problem. But regarding frozen accounts: kraken is very compliant, has a great legal team, has KYC/AML efforts in place. When accounts are generally frozen it's because of fraud, often to protect customers. It's unlikely frozen fiat accounts on Kraken would ever be in effect stolen from these very customers by a government.
 
- Would it be fair on people stuck in USD to allow BTC withdraws but not allow Fiat withdraws?
Absolutely it's fair. It's bad practice to make the best the enemy of the good. Allowing BTC withdrawls is a good thing, regardless of whether USD withdrawls are possible or not. Stopping BTC withdrawls will not in any way help Kraken continue fiat withdrawl if they had to halt it for some reason, it only unnecessarily prevents users from obtaining their BTC funds. They're unrelated.
- Would would the contingency plan be in case of catastrophic banking failure?
I don't see a catastrophic banking failure happen. If it does, it'll hurt any banking customer, individual and business, whether you use Kraken or never heard of Bitcoin at all. A banking failure is outside the control of Kraken or any business, really. And again, they have an agreement with their bank to be able to wind down their funds in case their partnership has to come to an end for any reason.
Again, check out:
I have yet to see any BTC party anywhere with such measures.
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:28:55
Perhaps through paypal + escrow with trustworthy party.
E.g. I put 1 bitcoin in multi-sig escrow. I can't get it out myself, nor can independent party unless we both sign the transaction.
You pay with Paypal. If I don't trust you, we can wait for the chargeback-time to end. (45 days I think). If you can find a party to trust you, or have a great rep, payment can be done right away at the seller's risk that you do a chargeback. 
It's pretty ugly but if your bank is shitting on you, might be the best option.
Alternatively, see if you can pay a friend in a big city to do localbitcoins. Paying a friend $50 to save $50 instead of paying westernunion $100 per bitcoin is a good deal, I think.
@_date: 2014-11-29 21:15:39
Exactly the same way as determining the value of the dollar... What value is $100? How can we figure that out without the USD to compare to!? Just by looking at what you can buy with it...
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:03:15
Cool, how? Regular wire transfers? No banking fees? No currency exchange? I'd be interested to see some source (e.g. news article, academic sociological article, an overview of fees of a Dubai &amp; Recipient bank etc). I assume Western Union isn't used...
@_date: 2014-08-01 09:06:49
Sure, and Snapchat is not a public company. You could literally just buy it for about the valuation it's gotten of $10b.
Although, it's not the same dynamics. If you want to buy 20% of Facebook, you tend to pay a smallish premium. In fact, sometimes you can buy it at a discount because you're buying it from a large player (e.g. the founder's team, the first VC group who wants to exit) and if they want to sell the 20% share otherwise, the price hugely dips. So buying 20% of all shares of a company doesn't nearly produce the same effect on the price of e.g. trying to buy 20% of bitcoins or 20% of gold.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:34:46
Booo, NinkiWallet litters the street with umbrellas boo!
1 upvote!
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:33:58
Generally wallets are backwards compatible with their own wallets. Always check the release notes on any updates, usually they'll put critical stuff like 'old wallets invalidated with new updates' right at the top. But I really doubt it. Wallets are just collections of keys, I've never really heard of someone losing their money because they couldn't load their wallet type into a software package anymore after updating.
Also, the old software should continue to work, too. So you can still create and publish transactions from your cold wallet using an older armory version.
Anyway let us know why specifically you think you'd need the update on cold storage. Can't really think of one myself.
@_date: 2014-03-30 22:16:13
lol... 
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:57:56
Because they're not bare minimum. Ever heard of changetip? A cool little thing on reddit, here's 10 bits It's often used to send a few pennies to another user for fun because you appreciate his or her comment. Well in this case, changetip would need a license from NYC, as well as a surety bond (typical state bonds are tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars), they'd need to register each user by name and address, both sender and receiver, they'd need audits and all kinds of reporting etc etc.
It's just one example of a tiny little thing regulated to death. It's the equivalent of your 8 year old kid's lemonade stand selling lemon+water for 50 cents having to register with the food and beverage authority and get their products audited and checked for safety, get a license to sell, meed to handle the lemons with certain brands of plastic gloves, only allowed to cut the lemons in half after having received a training and proper certificate in the use of knives etc. It's just completely ridiculous.
The biggest thing for me is that they made almost no distinction between small and big. Sure if you want to start a bitcoin bank, go ahead regulate it much like a typical bank. But handling changetip or even personal wallet software where the software creator provides stand-alone software like multibit and they never even touch any private key, for them to have to do reporting and give their fingerprints to the FBI (it's all in there), it's just ridiculous. Or this notion that Satoshi is a criminal because he didn't register his cryptocurrency with the state of NY. Also completely ridiculous. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:02:53
What profit does that leave you. And how much do you pay for your surety bond if I may ask? Thanks.
@_date: 2014-05-20 17:58:35
@_date: 2014-06-21 10:51:18
Please mention that if your network is crap then DON'T, and if you barely have it on then DON'T. The reason is that becoming a node can actually hurt the system if you've got a crap network and only have it on sometimes, because you're using resources from the network yet never really supply much in return. 
Not everyone should run a node that's very important to know.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:31:01
That's not how Kraken works at all. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:27:54
Great, gavin's working on making fees a true marketplace. This is necessary to go into the future. Without it we'd need to continuously adjust the fees in the protocol, and there'd be no way to phase away from block rewards to tx fees.
@_date: 2014-04-09 17:10:37
It's really easy to hate on bitcoin. It has so many problems due to being so new, so small, so unfocused. It's very easy to mistake that for a lack of potential. It's very easy to look at a 100x price increase in 12 months and make a comparison to bubbles. It's very easy look at the average 0.8 transactions per second and laugh as Visa does 10.000. It's really easy to see it as virtual currency and compare it to other things that are virtual but not real and see it as inferior to something tangible. It's very easy to find examples of illicit or incompetent activity, from Silk Road to Mt. Gox.
So to any bitcoin haters out there, I understand. A recent study showed people who understood Bitcoin less were more likely to hate it.
At this point getting involved in bitcoin still needs somewhat intimate knowledge of what it is. Firstly to convince you to even acknowledge it as anything more than funny internet money which quickly raises questions about where bitcoins come from and how we know who owns them, which are based on computer science concepts that took decades to develop and fit together in an elegant way. And secondly, because at some point while using it you'll run into things like cryptographic keys and having to download the blockchain to use a wallet, the idea of downloading an operating system you've never heard on an external device to set up the most secure cold storage etc. It really is very tricky at the moment.
One beauty of bitcoin is that it's very low-level, it's a protocol, just a set of rules really as to how it works. That means that companies can start using bitcoin without people knowing it. And a year after having used it, when they're confronted with the underlying technology, they can't help but acknowledge it. Look at Gyft for example, the fastest and easiest e-commerce solution for customers, and you get 2-3% discounts using bitcoin in stores like Amazon. And frankly, you don't have to know anything about bitcoin to use it. Or two-way ATMs where an Indian in London puts in 200 pounds and his family in Hyderabad takes out the rupee equivalent at 10x lower fees than Western Union and they don't even have to know it was bitcoin. These things are pretty profound, I think 'stealth bitcoin' will be a big part of bitcoin's future. 
@_date: 2014-09-30 21:51:56
Exchanges were never meant to be used for consumers. Exchanges are used for investors and businesses. Then you have brokerage / retail services like Circle that service exchanges. And these services in turn use exchanges as a pool of liquidity. So you'll get bitpay, coinbase, circle, the ETF, the secondmarket security, individual investors etc and at some point wall street all trading on exchanges, and then individuals can get their coins from some of those parties like circle and coinbase.
This model of using exchanges was actually pretty crazy, and it's slowly phasing out to the more sensible model.
@_date: 2014-09-14 00:26:47
Absolutely, there's lots! 
This is a great resource to begin with (bitcoin.org)
Press the Desktop wallet for example, most wallets will work offline and let you sign transactions, as well as broadcast signed transactions.
I think Armory or Electrum are probably your best choice, I'd start with Armory personally. For specifics on how to use these programs, check out their website/forums etc. You can run this software on an offline computer.
For example at Armory: 
You can find plenty of support information. For example here the distinction between using the software online and offline:
If you ever decide to make larger investments in bitcoin for daily usage, a device like the Trezor is also a great idea: 
I don't use it as it's $100 or so and I don't use bitcoin that much, I have a cold storage wallet with 95% of my bitcoin savings, and I use an online wallet like Coinbase and Circle (in the past blockchain.info) to keep 5% of my bitcoin as spending money. These services are insured, free to use and let me have multiple security features, like 2-factor authentication (meaning when someone (like me, or a hacker) tries to send bitcoin from my wallet, they send a verification number to my phone that I need to enter. That way, someone would have to both steal my password and my phone, the pin on my phone, and withdraw as much as they can (up to the spending limits I can configure) before I become aware my phone is lost, and even then 95% of my money is safe. So for me a trezor is not necessary but it's a nice device, too.
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:29:31
Looking at the regulatory hearings in Canada just now, I'm hopeful. I mean, even Lawsky is acutely aware of and always mentions the potential of bitcoin to create an entire new industry, new businesses and many jobs.
That type of a setting in a less-than thriving state, that may be more interested in economic growth than killing everything with regulation, might create a completely different outcome.
@_date: 2014-10-02 10:55:19
Coinbase clearly states all of this in their policy, and not for advertising as they don't have such a product. They use it for security.
i.e. if you login 100 times from New York on a macbook air running Safari, and one day someone in Moscow running a PC running Chrome on Linux tries to enter, that raises an immediate flag as to if someone is trying to hack you. Which means for example that they could ask the user to do an extra 2-factor authentication to verify it's not a hacker.
I'd rather see them do this than not. That's not for everyone, but I like it for my hot wallet. 95% of my bitcoin is cold and not with a third party. So I'd enjoy a mainstream secure experience from Coinbase for my regular consumer wallet.
@_date: 2014-09-14 14:09:57
This. All of these things are part of the body of law, in particular the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 and the various extensions and acts (like the patriot act) that build on it, to take the US as an example.
Whether that is constitutional or not is a good question. You say that citizens are innocent until proven guilty. In fact, it's not citizens, I think it's very important to note that most constitutional rights (except very few, like voting rights) apply to 'any person', not 'any citizen', and the supreme court has in the past always used this interpretation.
But as for the substance of a person people innocent until proven guilty, so what? Just because a person hasn't been proven guilty yet, does not say anything about the legal or constitutional right to prevent monitoring. i.e. it's completely okay for the police to set up a speed sensor on a highway and monitor if someone is breaking the speed limit, right? Just because that person isn't proven guilty, and is thereby innocent, does not say anything about the right to not be monitored.
There are civil liberties like the right to be safe from unreasonable search and seizure. But that generally applies to things like ones house being entered and searched, or a person being frisked. That is sometimes called upon. I don't really think it holds up, too well, because it doesn't make any mention of things like financial records originally.
There have been some supreme court rulings and some amendments on this. I'm not terribly up to date. A pretty good reading of some insights can be found here:
I quote:


As a consequence the right to financial privacy act was created:
But that was amended later, including by the patriot act. It's a pretty complex legal issue with lots of back n forth. As it stands though, there simply isn't a big debate about the constitutional backing of monitoring people or even citizens. There is huge political consensus between republicans and democrats of the value of things like the patriot act, KYC/AML, the patriot act and generally any anti-terrorist act, many of the things the democrats chided republicans for during the Bush years have essentially been copied and extended to the extent that Cheney was praising him for it, and KYC/AML is probably the least controversial part of that package. Most people simply don't care because they don't think they'll ever be affected. (e.g. I'll never launder money in my life, what do I care?). But philosophically and politically this is a very dangerous way of thinking even though it makes a lot of sense intuitively. 
It's one of the most disappointing things of the past decade in my opinion, because Obama ran for a big part on his ability to showcase constitutional infringements by his predecessor. After all, he taught constitutional law at an ivy league plus university, after having been educated to do so at an ivy league university. If you look at past interviews he has a very strong constitutional understanding, but has sadly completely waved it away. The most ironic one being:  which is something he said while running for president in response to Bush's policies, obviously repeating the exact same mistake shortly after. 
Glenn Greenwald did a nice presentation on this at Brown some time ago you can see here: 
You could contact the EFF to see if they have any info on this. Again I'm not terribly up to date. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 11:28:45
Anytime :)
I'm not sure how important aggressive discounts/offers are. They help but I don't think they're huge. After all, Bitpay's lowest plan is $1 per day that lets you accept $10k a day in bitcoin. (0.01% fees, if you max out sales). The next plan is $10 per day with $100k in daily sales (same 0.01% fees).
The most 'basic' plan is just to accept 1% in fees and pay nothing else. Versus cash, 1% might be slightly more expensive (even though accepting cash has fees, too. A point-of-sales system, security fees (e.g. cash pickups) and cash deposits (both your time representing a real opportunity cost, as well as a bank fee) costs money.) But versus plastic, it's a great deal as you usually pay between 2-3% on creditcard payments. 
In other words, the bitcoin fees that already exist are very small. The lowest is 0.01% where you take a risk of $1 a day in fees. The highest is 1%, where you take $0 risk and only pay when you make a sale, and pay less than half of what the creditcard transaction would've cost you, without having to wait days for the money to arrive, and without having any chargeback risk. (e.g. Bitpay's founder Stephen Pair estimated 1/50 CC transactions are fraudulent.) 
So this notion these fees can be waved are probably not a huge factor. Coinbase has been doing it for a ridiculous amount, the first $1m of revenues, but they have 30k merchants just like Bitpay. I don't quite understand why they did this, they have 30k merchants that they're not monetizing and theoretically waived up to $30 billion in transactions. To put that into context, Bitpay who focuses just on payment processing for merchants and has the biggest team and higher valuation processes about $0.4b to $0.5b annually, so 30b is a huge number for Coinbase. Of course Coinbase makes money on its wallets, but still the $1m waived fees was a bit of a surprise to me once I ran the numbers. Especially because if a blockchain.info wallet user pays a Coinbase merchant, Coinbase actually loses money to do the conversion. (I do speculate they add a mark-up fee though that the consumer pays in bitcoin unknowingly, who can hardly notice a 1% difference in price with bitcoin's price spread and volatility in different exchanges.)
But yeah, it's all part of the gameplan and it certainly helps, but I don't think waiving fees is a game changer. In short, it's possible to experiment taking bitcoin payments and take 0 upfront risk, and pay half the creditcard rate with no risk of chargeback fraud when you do make a sale even if it's 3 months later.
@_date: 2014-12-07 01:07:23
Thanks bud!
@_date: 2014-06-16 23:24:42
It's called a paper wallet buddy.
You wouldn't really be able to give it to a merchant, but if bitcoin really is popular then you could ask anyone to sweep the keys and then e.g. send the change to you (e.g. to your email address or your phone number. Yes you can already do that :)! ) and pay that way.
Another option is a brain wallet. Check out diceware for example, great way to do brain wallets.
Basically, consider that there are 200k English words. So if you take 10 words, the amount of different combinations of passphrases are 200k^10 which is 102400000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 different passphrases. Which means you can safely use that (given the words were randomly chosen) as a private key. This means you could log in anywhere and input the seed and get access to bitcoin.
Anyway we'll probably get far more elegant solutions by the time bitcoin starts to overtake fiat cash. e.g. your phone might have an NFC tag in it that will never run out of battery (a typical NFC chip can last years on its battery, and if its recharged by the phone it can last forever) stuff like that, only then something even better than an NFC chip. We'll also probably see phones start to live in the cloud, which means you could take anyone's phone and simply log in to your entire phone, or just a wallet, and pay. You'll probably be able to log in to any ATM and take out fiat money, or print a paper wallet straight from the ATM, just by e.g. typing in a password or a brain wallet seed.
Lots of solutions :)
@_date: 2014-09-08 00:36:12
First of all, it's not relevant. 
That is to say, imagine I rob a bank. I go into the bank and there's 50 people there, and I make them hostages. Then the police arrives outside the bank. I start shooting my gun from inside the bank outside to try to take down police officers. I'm not willing to surrender, I'm also still a threat as I'm shooting out the windows, yet the police force is obviously overwhelming and I have no chance of winning. I will soon be defeated.
Does it then make sense for the police to throw 50 grenades through the window simultaneously, blowing me up, as well as all 50 innocent customers who I held hostage?
Clearly no. Now this is an extreme example that exaggerates various elements very strongly, but I hope you see my point. Which is that nobody has the right to kill innocent civilians on such an insanely disproportionate scale.
Remember that the first bomb killed some 200 thousand people by most estimates (some go up to a quarter million). The cities were chosen (noted by the US Strategic Bombing Survey) for its concentration of activities and population. It was not a military target.
Besides this, it's clearly an act of terrorism. That's the definition of terrorism. Again straight from the dictionary


Tell me the nuclear bombings of two civilian cities does not qualify?
Now you may argue that terrorism is allowed under circumstances, but every body of international law would disagree.
The point is that Japan was fighting alone against literally almost the rest of the world, after all of Japan's allies had already surrendered, and Japan was militarily dead.
I quote for example:




Note that this all happened months before the actual surrender. Perhaps now you see why I used the example of the lone bank robber with no way out, shooting petty bullets out the window against armored police cars: Japan was in a state of military hopelessness. 
To quote a US airforce general and the Japanese prime minister:


Japan was also known to have been seeking a peaceful resolution, knowing the war could not be won, had changed its internal leadership in order to move towards what they knew was an inevitable surrender, and the allies were aware of this.




More concretely:




Again, all months before the war did indeed end. Public knowledge of this was kept secret, for example another quote:




Again, about 8 months before Japan surrendered, the US president had already received various scenarios for Japan's surrender from the Japanese themselves. Perhaps you're beginning to see why the death of 200 thousand civilians isn't just horrible in and of itself, but even more so as there was a diplomatic solution available, but the US chose to use the lives of 200 thousand civilians as a bargaining chip to speed up or overpower the diplomatic dialogue. 
But even that (using 200 thousand lives as a bargaining chip to overpower the negotiations) wasn't necessary, as Japan had already presented terms of a full surrender similar to the one that was eventually accepted by the US, I quote:




I can go on and on. Now there will be arguments for and against, I appreciate it's not a truly 100% black and white issue. But I do firmly believe that despite any hardships and troubles and obstacles that may have been if the US hadn't dropped the bombs, that these were well worth not doing the alternative, i.e. taking the lives of 200 thousand civilians. From everything I have read, there is no scenario (where the bombs were not dropped) that resulted in such issues that taking the lives of 200 thousand civilians was the better option.
Saying this, I'd conclude that it's both an act of terrorism, and a highly immoral as well as unnecessary act of violence.
@_date: 2014-05-19 12:55:44
Wow, really? I'm in Europe, it's been pretty normal for years to have 2FA through my phone. It's not perfect, but it adds another layer of hardship for the hacker, so to speak. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 10:35:45
Haha this is ridiculous!
(This is a funny video meant to be slightly controversial due to sexism, and mostly funny, to be shared on social media everywhere as a viral campaign for pornhub, which if you didn't get it, is not actually rolling out titcoins)
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:55:34
Afaik it's technically the bank's money and you become a creditor. I doubt Mt. Gox would enjoy the same unique position, it's much more likely it'll have the same position as any other business or individual holding your funds, i.e., they stay your funds.
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:17:21
Me neither. :P
But in fairness, they do have a point, it's just way overblown. The basic argument is that Xapo said 'it'll be free', and in the end it costs a few dollars a month, and it aint free like Xapo said it would be. 
Now I gave an explanation as to why it'd be unreasonable for it to be free as negotations with VISA as a small-fish means you're probably not getting a great deal, but the counter-argument is 'then Xapo should have known this and shouldn't have ever said it'd be free. And that's true. They were sloppy in their communication. 
But my point is, we can concede that they made a mistake, and move on. But a lot of people want to take a stand, start a campaign of hatred and compare Xapo to Mt. Gox, and that's why they downvote a more moderate post like mine.
I guess the difference in opinion is that I think they made a mistake (promised something they couldn't deliver), and they think they lied (knowingly that they couldn't deliver, promise it anyway in order to benefit/scam users)
But I don't see evidence of that. They waived the first $15 of fees, there's no 1-year contract, anyone can cancel after a month for example (or before it even starts) and it'd be cheaper than the initial offer (where you had to pay $15 up front, that they now pay for you), and seeing as they communicated their new fees everywhere, I don't have any reason to assume they're looking to scam people by lying.
@_date: 2014-06-02 15:51:56
Hooooooooly shit... good luck buddy, throw out an offer out there, like 50 bitcoins or something!
@_date: 2014-06-22 23:27:42
I'm like 'okay, that's good news... but, who the fuck is he?'
*Looks up*
MIT, Harvard, X Prize Foundation founder (which is fucking awesome).
Sweet. 
I particularly like the sentence:


That's so true. It really is like email back in the day, when you could only send email to ip addresses and it was crap as hell. And an AOL user couldn't send an email to some email address on a different system. User interfaces are so extremely important. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:49:30
Nobody's bashing him for being a bad investor, don't blame the bitcoin community for shit that's simply not happening on any scale. 
He's being critizised for not understanding a technological breakthrough,  admitting he doesn't understand tech, doesn't invest in tech, doesn't own a mobile phone or has a computer in his office, yet is willing to draw conclusions on bitcoin. That's simply very weak and he's being called out for it. Makes the bitcoin community not a joke, at all.
@_date: 2014-04-12 09:44:19
That's the thing bud, the price of a bitcoin whether it goes from 1.000 to 900 or to 1.000 in a day, it doesn't really matter to smart property or contracts or timestamping or voting. All these things are simply based on this notion of watermarking coins. So say I own 1 satoshi (1 millionth of a single bitcoin 'cent', in other words, pretty much worthless.) I could configure my Tesla computer as such that it only opens if I hash the private key to that satoshi + a nonce value or something. In other words, the property and usage of my car is directly linked to a digital key which is my satoshi, my bitcoin. I can then lend out my Tesla for a week by signing a time'd transaction (essentially a smart contract). These things are already possible in bitcoin, but not possible in a Tesla yet. But because all these things are digital, there's no reason it wouldn't work, and bitcoin is the first decentralized way to do proof of ownership of some smart property, or for digital signatures to sign immutable unforgeable contracts.
All of these things don't really care much for the value of bitcoin (as long as it's big enough to incentivize miners to sustain network security and process transactions) it doesn't matter much what happens to bitcoin. In other words, bitcoin can fail as a currency but be very important for other things.
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:43:01
On the contrary, for the sake of comparison money supply is very often denominated in another currency. I have seen it in all my university books on economics and international political economy. There's nothing weird about this.
You may not like it, but money supply often is expressed in a different currency than its own. And the bigger point to make is that we definitely can't call it 'market cap'.
For example, you may refer to this article by a postgraduate economist at Oxford who spends his days researching bitcoin, speaking at bitcoin conferences, building bitcoin metrics etc: 
He feels the 'value of bitcoin' is much better defined as M1, the narrow money stock, and by way of comparison/understanding, it absolutely may be defined in the dollar equivalent, which is exactly what he and his team does, just as people generally define 'market cap' not in the amount of shares there are of a public company, but the value these shares represent in some other currency like dollars or euros or anything you want, really.
Your comparison of TVs and DVD players isn't correct or even relevant. But yes, if there was 1 type of TV and 1 type of DVD player, and the former was 2x as expensive as the latter, and there were 10 DVD players, then one could indeed say the value of all DVD players is equivalent to the value of 5 TVs. But again, it's a silly comparison.
@_date: 2014-05-27 13:31:45
that was hilarious! 
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:34:05


No, the inflation rate as an absolute number halves every 4 years. 
The inflation rate as a percentage drops slightly every 10 minutes. 
A hypothetical example to explain: Say there are 100 bitcoins and in 10 minutes, a block rewards another 25 to a miner. This inflates the money supply by 25% (25 of 100 is 25%). 10 minutes later it'll inflate the money supply by 25 of 125, which is only 20%.
For the real numbers: 
@_date: 2014-05-02 08:33:38
So Neo &amp; Bee... That just doesn't make any sense.
Look I don't use Xapo, I think they charge too much for something I personally set up in a few hours for free (secure cold storage). And I'm not entirely thrilled about their bitcoin payment card because it seems to actually initiates a regular mastercard transaction paid for with Xapo credit, who then sells the equivalent bitcoin in your wallet on an exchange. In other words, there's still just as much security risk and identity theft risk as with regular cc and merchants also pay the 2-3%. It's not like Gyft cards which actually give a 3% discount on bitcoin purchases by using its powers.
But that doesn't mean they can be likened to Neo &amp; Bee. That's really not right, you have to provide more information than that.
@_date: 2014-04-21 10:49:24
Check out a discussion on this here:
@_date: 2014-05-20 16:48:47
No shit.
Listen I never said there was no spread. I said there was no fee. You quoted me saying there was no fee and talked about something completely different.
@_date: 2014-08-23 18:43:32
No, I'd love for a user to get in touch, particularly a journalist with some asking power. (i.e. in their next article, ask the question among other ones, if they don't respond on the insurance question write 'Circle denied responding to the question of insurance', that would build some controversy and pressure for clarification etc etc).
But at the moment, it was never verified by Circle, nor commented on, nor ever asked to them. All we have is our own interpretation of the TOS, which is ambiguous enough not to refer to insurance directly in any way when describing their limited liability. So I'm on the fence for now on this one. 
In any case, Circle's aim is definitely a fully insured wallet that's instant and free, so whatever might not be perfect in closed beta (as they are in right now), will be (according to their intentions) when they launch in full. And that's what I'm pretty excited about.
@_date: 2014-05-09 22:08:20
It is. The elite of the bitcoin industry, by definition. The richest, most connected, most involved, most resourceful in the bitcoin industry are by definition the elite. But elitist bullshit is something else. It implies this notion that the bitcoin elite don't want to mingle with the 'regular' crowd and arbitrarily put up their ticket prices at $500 while many seats are left unsold just to fuck with the non-elite. That's just nonsense. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:20:58
Name one thing belgians were buying they can't buy now? You can't because no citizens in belgium were buying bitcoin derivatives.
I'm not saying it's a good thing, I'm not saying it should stay like this. I am saying it's not a big deal like Chinese policy or Fincen guidance or IRS policies were a big deal. It's simply not. 
You can bring Europe into it, but these laws have no effect on European legislation or legislation in my country (the Netherlands) for example, it's irrelevant.
There's no real interest from citizens in bitcoin derivatives right now. Companies can still buy derivatives, which allows a company like Coinbase or Circle, were they magically based in Belgium, to buy hedging contracts to insure their users from price volatility for example. But even these companies aren't doing that anywhere in the world. So they pretty much banned something nobody was getting, and when it is interesting in the coming few years, the interest will be mainly from companies who are *not* prohibited at all.
Lastly, this is something that's very likely to be overturned once bitcoin grows, gains credibility and stability. So in practice, not a big deal.
But feel free to tell me where it's effecting you or Belgians directly today, cause that might be a big deal.
@_date: 2014-05-19 12:29:12
Thanks bud
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:30:50
Yes, it'd be technically possible, but it'd completely destroy the trust people have in one of bitcoin's fundamental concepts: a limited money supply. I and many others would sell all their bitcoins if this were ever to happen, causing it to crash. Because of this, virtually everyone is against changing this particular characteristic, and because bitcoin requires consensus to change the software, it's extremely unlikely to happen despite it technically being possible.
@_date: 2014-06-25 06:51:12
In any state you have customers as a MSB you need a license (except for 2-3 states).
Getting a license almost always requires a surety bond. This gives surety to the government that your customers who have money sitting with you are 'insured' when e.g. you flee the state or go bankrupt.
e.g. if Mt. Gox had a surety bond for $50m in Colorado, then there'd be some financial institution somewhere who'd now have to pay up to $50m to repay any potential losses to Mt. Gox customers in Colorado.
Surety bonds are tricky. Most companies can get their financials audited no problem. It'll cost some money (getting the 24 required audits costs a bit more than $74k usually) and doing paperwork for 50 states also costs a bit more than $74k if done by a law firm. But 7.2m of surety bonds, that will cost a million or so every year in surety payments to whoever is providing you the bond. Of course if you have $10m laying around that you want to bet on the business (i.e. if the business goes bankrupt you lose the $10m, too), you could provide your own bond.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:46:21
Great question.
I think sub 5m and sub 1k price within 1.5 years would be close to a disaster, and definitely a gigantic wake up call for me personally.
I would say back in January, about 6 months ago, so say 2 years before your date, we were at roughly 1m users worldwide. Coinbase had 1m wallets, Blockchain.info had 1m wallets, MultiBit had more than 1m wallets, the price was $1k. Of course a lot of users had multiple wallets but I think early January, a 1m figure would've been pretty accurate. (e.g. today we often talk about 1-2m users).
So 1m to 5m in 2 years is about 4.6% monthly growth.
Right now it seems most bitcoin companies grow by 7-10% monthly which isn't actually that insane. Many startups in the early days aim for 5-7% weekly growth, let alone monthly, and Coinbase for example hasn't been live for all that long. 
But the growth Coinbase/Bitpay/Blockchain.info show is that they grow by about 2.5 each year. That's pretty solid, and it'd be a big wake up call if in 18 months from now we'd still not see 5m users. 
Momentum is really important in this regard. We can't expect CNBC to talk about bitcoin the way they do now (potential futuristic next-big-thing) in 5 or 10 years from now if it doesn't materialize. 
Let's not forget, there've been many great ideas that kind of failed, just because they couldn't get momentum. The dvorak keyboard is an interesting idea, it was a better way to type, easier, faster, less straining, more efficient, made more sense, yet it never caught momentum and it failed.
We should also consider burn rates. If you look at 3/4 exchanges, most have barely any volume. Say 100 bitcoins per day, and 0.5% average fees. That's $250 a day in revenue, or $7.5k a month. In Silicon Valley a single senior software engineer earns at LEAST twice that per month. Most people don't realize this. Exchanges have several engineers, some sales/management, at least 1 legal/compliance officer, some finance and some customer service. The minimum all-round team is kind of 6 people or so for any decent exchange, but preferably 10-20. So again, most exchanges don't have enough volume to pay half the salary of a single software engineer, let alone a full team.
In other words, many companies run on reserves and have a burn rate, often about $1m a year for small companies, but probably closer to $5m for a company like Coinbase. These businesses need to materialize growth, customers, revenue, if they don't, they burn money too fast and can't raise more money in a new round, can't grow the team etc. So again, momentum is important, companies need users to grow, but users won't come unless there are companies servicing them, so if one goes first (users or companies), the other must follow quick and the momentum has to sustain, else faith is lost and nobody invests anymore and companies shut down.
Then there's a whole range of other issues, particularly legal and political issues. Fact is, bitcoin IS used for crime, for evading capital controls, in cryptolockers and money laundering. Yes, it's tiny and nascent as bitcoin is. But the reason it's not being highlighted in the media so much is because bitcoin has this image of a potential revolution of finance. Bitcoin still has the 'media cred' that VCs gave it with their investments. If we see little growth and the discussion shifts to the bad stuff, we'll probably see more political action against bitcoin. (whereas now, nobody wants to stifle the economic opportunity even though they know bitcoin has risks). So again, momentum. If bitcoin grows and companies get a large voice and many merchants get on-board, then bitcoin can speak out against harsh regulation. 
And lastly, there's this idea of 'merchant' patience. Truth is, many merchants barely make any bitcoin sales. That's fine for 12-24 months. But if you only get 0.05% of sales in bitcoin in 2 years, and the media says bitcoin growth slowed down, then a merchant will say 'it's too much trouble, we're pulling out.' It's easier for merchants to not have to train sales and customer support people to deal with returned items and all that stuff. So here too, we need bitcoin user growth to materialize.
In short, momentum is really important, that's why if in 18 months from now we see weak growth rates (sub-par any decent startup), I'm personally cashing out. Bitcoin was able to afford a rocky 24 months two years ago, but now the train has really taken off and it's trying to get over the hill, if we slow down at some point the train will just roll back down. Right now though it's still going quite well, I'm optimistic. Lots of merchant adoption in particular, the big test is to see if user adoption will follow with companies like Circle and various ATMs, local exchanges and local brokers rolling out in many countries, as user adoption has been lagging merchant adoption for the past 6 months. This is the tricky one, it's pretty easy to convince 1-3 CEOs with a product-offer where they click a button in Shopify and suddenly accept cash money through bitcoin with 3% cheaper fees without understanding bitcoin at all or taking any risk. It's hard to convince an average joe to part with his money for something he doesn't understand and take a big financial risk. (Just look at price volatility and Ghash and Mt. Gox, merchants unexposed to any risk and unaffected, users very much affected)
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:24:11
Heh this is hilarious indeed. 10 minutes in (and stopping soon, this guy repeats himself 1 million times) this is the breakdown:
* Company Moolah said they had an audit done by a security company.
* Absolutely no proof of this audit was delivered and the security company was never mentioned.
* Member of the public asks of proof of the audit. They deny citing cost, and citing the fact they're not legally obligated to do so.
* He admits there is no legal obligation, yet he'd still like to know as a dogecoin community member. He says he's willing to pay for any costs merely to publish the circumstances of the audit.
* Moolah director threatens over and over again, calling him an idiot, threatens to sue.
* Dogecoin community member backs off completely and merely asks, can a member of the security company call me and at least confirm they did an audit, without mentioning the result. Moolah says no and repeats everything again. One call is enough, takes 10 minutes (less than the length of this video) and he's willing to pay for it.
Moolah looks EXTREMELY suspicious of having faked an audit. No proof of this, but it's easy to infer.
@_date: 2014-03-31 11:12:45
lol, please indulge me. I'm not sure you're familiar with the notion of average, do you live in luxembourg?
And average loses all meaning anyway if you're talking about the average of a top 0.1% of the world population.
I think for all intents and purposes, most people will be more than averagely comfortable with 75k a year. There's no place with more than 100k people in the US that has an average 75k income.
Either way, I hope you'll agree that 99% of the world population will say 75k a year in interest for the rest of your life without ever having to work a single second is fuck you money.
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:39:10


No I don't. I just don't think he's looking to hire a professional studio or a talented designer with lots of experience living in SV for this job. 
As I posted in another comment:


That's not me saying MY JOB as a developer is not a JOB... It's simply that 1) Jeff  Garzik is not a cheapskate for putting up his own money for the good of the community and 2) $200 is fine for a certain type of designer, and that ISN'T a senior guy making $100k a year to be able to afford living in SV. That's probably a college student looking to build a portfolio instead of spending the same time making $50 at McDonalds and building up zero experience and zero portfolio work.
So what is your alternative? Ask Jeff to pay $1k for something that doesn't require exquisite design, which is quite a sum of money meaning he might not want to do the project in the first place as it's too expensive for a small project he wants to do for the community? Or not have him do any design, stick with programmer-art, and have the designer student build up zero portfolio and zero money and instead work at McDonalds? Nobody is forcing anyone to do any work here. I'm a developer and yes I get quoted laughable rates sometimes, like literally $50 per APP for someone who wanted to spam 'dress up games' for 10 year old girls on iOS. I simply say no and move on. When someone quotes a small job, like a design mockup for a small grouping-feature as an upgrade to Garzik's programmer art, I'd simply say 'no thanks', knowing I'd have loved that job 6 years ago in college, as the alternative was loading cruise ships with hundreds of suitcases at 5AM for a shit wage which I did.
Look I'm fully aware there's nuance here, that it's not easy being a designer and that there's a level of exploitation in the designer industry as there is in any industry. But saying 'fuck you' to a reasonable argument is stupid, and standing by such a no-substance combative comment is not just unproductive but also immature. 
@_date: 2014-12-11 00:53:34
I don't get it, what's the problem?
User tells Coinbase 'I want to send some bitcoin to my friend John'. Coinbase says 'Oh sure, what's his bitcoin address'. User says 'It's XYZ'. Coinbase sends bitcoin to address XYZ, NO PROBLEM.
Then this happens:
User tells Coinbase 'I want to send some bitcoin to my friend John'. Coinbase says 'Oh sure, what's his bitcoin address'. User says 'I have no clue, maybe he doesn't have one?' Coinbase says 'Oh ok, what is his email?'. User gives it. Coinbase sends an email to John saying John go make a FREE account by clicking this button, we have loaded it with bitcoin sent from your friend'.
Sounds great to me. What's the big deal? 
If you want Coinbase to mail John saying 'Hey John someone is trying to send you bitcoin but we have no clue if you have a wallet, how about you go make one and let us know where to send this bitcoin to' then I think you're missing two points. 
1) 90% of the time doing it this way is slower, harder and more confusing and all together worse.
2) If the user wanted to send bitcoin to John's non-Coinbase account, then the user can simply mail John himself and figure out his address. And vice versa, by the way. The option is still right there to simply send bitcoin to a wallet, rather than an email address.
Should there be a middle ground in an ideal world, where Coinbase instead posts 'Click this link to redeem your bitcoin' which has 3 options: 1) sign in with Coinbase, 2) create a new account with Coinbase and 3) enter a bitcoin address to redeem the bitcoin to, instead of just the first two options? Yeah, sure. But again, that 3rd option is available by simply sending bitcoin to the address in the first place. They're not blocking this. It's like a grocery store letting you buy their branded bag at the counter to bring back home your groceries. Sure they don't let you buy another company's grocery bag then and there, but nobody stopped you from bringing your own. Same here. Nobody stops you from bringing your own wallet, but if you don't, they'll give you a free Coinbase wallet and you are free to withdraw the money immediately or reject it and mail your friend your wallet address as normal. 
**In short**: Coinbase isn't blocking anything, it's offering its own free product as a way of receiving money when no receiving wallet address was supplied. If a wallet address was supplied, then the money is simply sent there. No big deal.
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:30:09
It depends on the app. A paper wallet is really just a piece of paper that has your private key written on it (in hexadecimal form or in the form of e.g. a QR code)
So 'using' a paper wallet is exactly like 'using' a private key. And you can absolutely only send a few bitcoins instead of all bitcoins from an address associated (derived from, actually) a private key.
But many apps force you to take all bitcoins at once. It's just good practice generally, but not inherently necessary. e.g. blockchain.info wallets allow you to import private keys into the wallet, so you can take any money out of a paper wallet as you want.
But if you made a cold-storage paper wallet, then importing it into blockchain.info means it's not cold anymore. Thus it's generally not a good idea to think your paper wallet is as secure as it was now that its private key touched the internet (and can in theory be hacked or intercepted or stolen or keylogged.) That's why it makes sense to take all the money and if you want another paper wallet you make another one.
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:53:24
Good question.
As Thomas said, only they can say for certain, but this is the common sense approach:
There are a few dozen exchanges around the world, a few of which have been around for years like Bitstamp. Bitstamp is a reputable exchange and works with an orderbook.
Say the price is $500. You have $1000 on the exchange and I have 5 bitcoins on the exchange in our funds.
I want to sell my bitcoin, but only when the price reaches $505.
You want to buy bitcoin but only when the price is $495.
So we record this in the orderbook. If you then go to sleep and someone comes around and says, I want to sell my bitcoin at $495 and fills an order 'sell at $495', then the exchange will automatically fill your order, and use $495 or your $1000 on the exchange to buy his bitcoins.
This is how the order book works. Here you can see the orderbook for Bitstamp: 
As you can see, there's always demand at a certain price. What Mollie probably does is, say someone wants to buy a $500 item. Mollie goes to Bitstamp and looks at the highest 'bid price', which is the highest amount of money anyone will pay for bitcoin. Say someone is willing to pay $500 for 1 bitcoin. Mollie then shows the user 'Please pay us 1.01 bitcoin' (say if they take a 1% fee, just an example). The user pays and Mollie sells the 1.01 bitcoin for $505. 
If the price had dropped on Bitstamp to say $250 per bitcoin, then Mollie would've said to the user 'Please pay 2.02 bitcoin'.
This whole process is automated using Bitstamp's API. The calculations happen in a second, and so doesn't have to take a risk.
There are some details, like needing to store some bitcoin on Bitstamp to sell it quickly, or having to wait e.g. 60 minutes for the bitcoin to reach Bitstamp to get sold there, but there are a few clever ways to mitigate this risk and price it in.
In short, there's always demand because there's an orderbook :)
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:56:37
Olaf could you comment on this? User Shill slayer has posited that Coinbase users are insured only up to the amount of fees that the user paid to Coinbase in the past three months. He has made this claim against Xapo and Circle, too, but no company has confirmed this.
So basic example, according to his interpretation of the TOS, if a user at Coinbase buys $1k of bitcoin and pays 1% ($10), and a month later Brian and Fred go crazy and run with all the bitcoin, the user is only legally entitled to $10 in damages, and thus the insurance covers only $10 of payments to the user, rather than the full $1k that he has sitting with Coinbase. If this theft happened 4 months later, the user would be legally entitled to nothing at all.
Please confirm or deny. I know it sounds ridiculous but it's good to have this cleared up once and for all by a Coinbase employee as it's been a bit of a debate in every insurance thread we've had so far. There's only one way to end that discussion :) Thanks
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:55:14
Feel free to read my next sentence ;)
@_date: 2014-12-07 08:16:49
I don't know I'm making a mistake in any case :p
@_date: 2014-05-18 17:57:44
Haha yeah there's so much work to do yet. It's crazy so many core bitcoin things haven't even taken off.
For example, Tony, CEO of Bitpay said a few days ago that 0 of the top 100 richest bitcoin addresses are (secured by) multi-signature. How crazy is that. It's like saying the biggest vaults in the world have no 2-factor authentication or multi-party consensus requirements or anything like that.
All that stuff will change of course. But it brings the notion of 'early-adopters' back into perspective!
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:36:09
I didn't even mention hard fork? I didn't even mention bitcoin's peak rate? I just mention it currently does about 1tps (actually it's closer to about 0.7) and it can do about 7 tps with the current infrastructure.
@_date: 2014-07-17 11:05:05
There's a ton of factors going in to the price. Some, like good news, VC investments etc, tend to very much lag a few months.
Consider, what moves the price? Most enthusiasts (e.g. here on reddit) will rarely buy extra just because Newegg accepts bitcoin. They predicted that, they're already invested as much as they can. So they won't move the price much. And if another company gets a $20m investment, why would you and I, who already believed in bitcoin, suddenly buy extra? Why would we not have done that sooner? Not many reasons.
So who moves the price? Well mostly new entrants and big whales at the moment. Consider how that goes. Right now there's probably a CEO at some finance firm of 20 people who hadn't known about bitcoin at all, or did but thought it was flaky, a fad, not real.
Suddenly he sees in the news 'Dish, Expedia, Newegg accept bitcoin, Xapo gets $40m fom billionaire LinkedIn founder, Bitpay gets a $160m valuation, legendary VC family Draper buys bitcoin from the US Government, Draper aims to fund 100 bitcoin startups in 3 years' etc etc etc. 
This is all the past few weeks, right. What does he do? Register with bitstamp? No. First he sees Expedia and it doesn't really register. Then he sees Dish and it clicks, and he remembers Expedia. Then he sees Newegg and he makes a thought pattern 'these are big household companies taking bitcoin'. All of this takes weeks, not seconds. Then when he reads about Tim Draper, he takes a more considerate approach, he ponders it. Then he starts looking for information himself and sees there is much more good news. He starts seeing important guys being excited about it. He reaches out to some people, perhaps visits a conference. (e.g. this July has 4 very professional bitcoin conferences alone. Literally one every week). He reaches out to someone like Barry Silbert, talks about the possibility of buying. Delays for a while, studies further. Buys a little. Waits a month while studying more. Then puts in $100k or $1m of his own money.
That's the general pattern. It takes 2-3 months for someone to go from 'eh bitcoin? meh' to 'interesting' to 'try it small' to 'making a sizeable purchase'. So price trails good news.
There are some small exceptions and rare events of course. But just consider that e.g. when Overstock accepted bitcoin in January, the guys at Coinbase said they got a huge amount of attention from big companies. They said the next month they'll probably see up to 10 billion dollar retailers get on-board, because they were actually talking with these companies to get it to work. But it took months for the integration to finish. And then suddenly you had Dish, Expedia, Newegg, 1-800-Flowers, reeds, the google integration, intuit integration, toshiba integration, shopify integration etc. So just imagine what waves this recent news has made that isn't shown in the price? Bitcoin is top of mind, and we'll see the results of that after the summer, and the price always consolidates after a while.
@_date: 2014-09-18 23:45:24
Excited about their list of members. Every week there's a new embassy, organisation, API, consortium. But this one seems to really have a lot of muscle behind it from day one. 
Hope they can push for some proper research, a credible organisation with a clear voice will eventually start to get quoted in the media and used in academia, that should help improve the public's image of bitcoin a little bit.
@_date: 2014-04-06 15:04:48
Whatever you do, I'd do it fast. Chances are higher that a typical principal has wiped his ass with that paper and flushed it than that he kept it because he recognized it as money.
@_date: 2014-10-24 01:49:53
I agree. This is how I think it should go:
**Default Setting**
* In the settings there's an option that says 'Don't round off long decimal numbers' or something to that effect. Default it's off (i.e. it DOES round numbers).
**Coordinated switch + communication by all at the same time**
* Then, Circle, Bitpay, Coinbase etc, all call each other up and agree 'On November 20th we'll ALL send out a mutual email to all our customers and publish on our blog that we'll switch to 'Bits' as a cosmetic switch, explaining why this is a benefit to them and that it'll happen, starting December 1st. Users can opt-out".
December 1st they ALL switch to displaying bits and round off numbers to 100s of bits. 
* So 0.02383957 bitcoin becomes 23,800 Bits. Not 23,839.57 Bits.
**Keep it optional**
* If the user goes into the settings and says 'show exact numbers' it'll show the full number in Bits.
**Just a cosmetic change**
* Lastly this must be purely a COSMETIC change. It doesn't mean businesses can or should round off numbers and skim pennies. This means your mail wallet amount will also show in rounded Bits, not just payments. This way there are no complaints about who is benefiting financially, it's JUST a user-friendliness cosmetic change.
A coordinated mass effort, done in a user-friendly manner, that gives consumers options and choices but defaults to a best-practice, and doesn't at all change the underlying financials, I think is the best way forward.
Let's upvote this, thanks for bringing it up lifeboatz. Happy cake day!
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:06:33
That's what I said...
@_date: 2014-07-07 18:47:08
I haven't seen this happen myself. I've posted pages and pages as replies to the most blatant trolls just to try to have a discussion. Feel free to post your doubts here or elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:43:00
I've got a ponzi scheme where I'll be happy to make transactions crazy fast... at least at first. Wanna have fun?
In all seriousness, a service being awesome doesn't change the fact that the ENTIRE WORLD has AML/KYC requirements, that Liberty Reserve was brutally shut down because they ignored this, and that BTC-E is doin'g the exact same thing. Basic facts.
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:21:05
Not really.
Consider this, do you think in 50 years that there will be more or less than 0.1% of bitcoins lost annually. e.g. because people lost their private key or something like that.
I think the likely answer is less. And that'd mean that the amount of bitcoins permanently lost each year outweighs the amount of bitcoins added.
Sure, the total bitcoins will still be growing, but if we can take an address and reverse it to a private key, bitcoin is unsecure. If we can't, then these lost keys mean permanently lost coins, so we can consider them non-existent. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 12:09:36
Withdrawal is instant afaik, and then Bitpesa will have their normal confirmation times of course of probably between 10 and 60 minutes, I don't know, but the price will already be set at the point of making the transaction so it doesn't matter in terms of volatility risk for you.
@_date: 2014-03-13 11:10:43
Kraken doesn't seem to allow this either, you need enough funds to place an order. Other than that it's great though, it has an amazing history/ledger/positions/order book that you can export, too, allowing you very easy insights into your own data.
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:04:38
It's not a complete solution, but it helps. Mining contracts are a subsidy to mining operators, it allows mining operators to run hardware that would otherwise be unprofitable, and get a premium profit on hardware that would normally be profitable. It's not the type of subsidy you want to give to a large player such as GHASH. And frankly, given all the calculations showing the average person loses money, and showing the average person makes WAY less money than simply buying and holding bitcoin, I don't see why people still buy these contracts, especially if it's from an operator that is dangerously close to a 51% attack.
In short, boycott GHASH. It's not a fix to all problems at all, but it helps, not just the bitcoin ecosystem, but it'll help your wallet, too. Do the research and you'll see a mining contract is a losing game 9/10 times.
@_date: 2014-05-10 08:59:02
Has max made any comments on this yet?
@_date: 2014-05-16 08:07:26
There was a bitcoin conference in Amsterdam yesterday where the CEO said it directly in a speech. If you can speak Dutch you can try to find the video of this event, or you can take my word for it :)
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:31:11
Yup. To be honest, the whole website looks like shit. I don't mind as long as it works. 
IIRC they're working on a design update though, a better looking site doesn't have to compromise security/functionality at all. Let's hope it happens soon :)
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:23:38
Oh sorry, say hi to your son Satoshi for me, you probably know these things for certain, seeing as you're personally related and all. :D
In all seriousness... Perhaps 'probably' isn't the best word, it implies more likely than not... But I definitely think there's a very good chance. Not by incompetence or anything like that, rather because of the way he spoke about his project, the way he behaved towards his mined bitcoin so far, and the value of bitcoins during the time he acquired them.
Let's be clear here, Satoshi is generally believed to own a lower-bound of 1 million coins. It's been looked into quite a lot (for obvious reasons). And we can see those blocks in the blockchain. Literally zero of them have been spent, except 1 block (back when the reward was still 50 btc) of which 10 btc were to Hal Finney, rest in peace. That's the way he behaved towards his bitcoin.
It's quite likely Satoshi did this for a blend of intellectual, academic and political reasons. That's what his behavior suggests, as well as how he spoke on the project when he was still around. Create something, make it open-source, mine a million coins now worth $300m, never spend a single one except for test transactions to fellow cryptoguys years back when bitcoins didn't even have value for testing purposes. That is what we know. It doesn't appear like he is intending to profit off of those coins.
And lastly, when he acquired the bitcoins, they were worth nothing. Literally, they had no price. Even when they got a value, it was a fraction of a penny, and you couldn't spend it anywhere. It's the equivalent of someone having a World of Warcraft account with 0.001 silver on it, only you could spend your WoW silver on something, not bitcoins though. You can imagine how careless or uninterested one would be in properly saving those keys. I'll mention this in a second.
Everything would suggest either of two things. 
1) he doesn't have access to those coins anymore. Not out of stupidity, but simply because they had no value. Remember he mined these before there was ever a bitcoin payment done (the first was in February, 10k bitcoin for $25 of pizza, or a quarter of a penny per bitcoin.) It's not exactly, but a little bit like expecting Notch (founder Minecraft) to have saved the first maps of Minecraft he used for testing.
or 2) He may or may not have access, but is unlikely to ever use the bitcoins. Again, all known bitcoins have been untouched to this day. Despite the fact bitcoin is likely legal where he lives. Despite the fact he can likely sell them without revealing himself. Despite the fact he probably has more bitcoin than he needs even if he spent $1m every month for the rest of his life. 
So I think by now we can conclude that he has no access. Either because he never saved the early keys (by choice or because it didn't matter to him), or because he doesn't want to access those bitcoins. And if he does want to make some money off bitcoin, it's MUCH more likely imo that he mined some in 2010 and 2011, that nobody knows are his. 
An additional fact is that he disappeared, and that this is probably not without reason. If one doesn't want to work on it anymore, or maintain it, one can casually keep hanging around, stay in touch every now and then, perhaps spend or at least test-send some of the 1 million bitcoins one has. They were already worth millions by the time he disappeared without ever having used those coins. Yet he chose not to casually hang around, or leave some contact details somewhere. He full out went MIA intentionally. A man who wants nothing to do with his creation and never touched his own coins worth millions, doesn't look like he either has access to them or wants access, which is all the same in a practical sense.
Given this reasoning, I don't think it's unreasonable to say that it's likely we'll never anyone touch those 1m bitcoins we know he mined. Whether he could, then, isn't very relevant.
Feel free to elaborate why you disagree.
@_date: 2014-08-10 09:43:59
1 upvote
@_date: 2014-06-16 19:59:58
If everyone goes crazy on this promo code they might start accepting bitcoin guys. Just saying.
@_date: 2014-10-31 19:42:13
Thank you for all your honest service. And please make sure to let regulators know that your business which indirectly and partially powered many jobs and investments and part of a financial system used by millions, is now being shut down partly because of fear of potential regulations.
I'm no libertarian and tend to be pretty moderate on government issues, but anyone can see how the current regulatory environment is already stifling honest businesses that create jobs and pay taxes. We have to use examples like these to add a story to our voice. It's a sad thing really.
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:24:23
Yes as far as I know. As long as the transaction is valid (which includes criteria like not using outputs used in another transaction before, i.e. a double-spend) then yes.
Of course, miners could collectively ignore the transaction, but usually a transaction even with zero fees gets confirmed.
Although it does appear that miners do ignore extremely small transactions without any fees (e.g. worth less than 1 thousandth of a penny with 0 tx fees attached) as they can spam the system.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:03:29
Nah I expect interest rates to come down a bit, nothing else. Why would fees go up?
@_date: 2014-09-16 13:05:38
Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels
@_date: 2014-10-16 11:38:09
Yup, they run everything on nodejs though. It's a killer when trying to do scalability!
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:58:31
It's basically peer-to-peer remittance, a bit like hawala.
So say I'm in the UK and want to send $100 to the US.
And someone in the US wants to send $100 to the UK.
You both log on to TransferWire and find a match with eachother.
The UK person then sends the money to the other UK person the US person wanted to send money to.
And the US person sends the other US person the money the UK person was going to send him.
Now you have two national transactions which are generally cheaper than international.
But you still have national tx fees. You still need a bank account. You still have centralized parties. You still have money supply tied to politics. You still have to trust counterparties. etc etc.
In short, a good (long overdue) idea that iterates on an old banking system that will soon be redundant, that fixes a narrow problem without addressing many other problems.
@_date: 2014-08-02 20:07:26
This. Xapo's debitcard is NOT a bitcoin product. It's a legacy banking product for all those millions of companies that accept legacy banking cards. Only now instead of taking money from your fiat bank account, it takes money from your bitcoin wallet. That's it. It doesn't use the blockchain as a payment channel at all. So OF COURSE it's not going to really be cheaper than a regular card swipe. Let's get real.
This is a product purely for people who 1) like to store wealth in bitcoin and 2) like to use this bitcoin wealth to pay merchants other than the 0.1% of merchants that currently accept bitcoin
That's a cool product. I'm not gonna use it, but I'm sure some others like it, and that's cool with me. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 16:16:50
Sort of... firstly 
The past year transactions definitely did not grow exponentially or exploded.
Secondly, transactions fees are pretty small and do not include off-chain transactions. A lot of exchange &amp; payment processing activity is actually not through the blockchain, thus these numbers may actually understate bitcoin's impact.
So again, transactions alone aren't very meaningful. But you make a good point regardless.
@_date: 2014-12-19 04:04:42
Actually, no. The FDIC is just that, insurance. (IC stands for insurance corporation). Banks pay for it this insurance for the most part, and of course that's not free. You pay for it for your banking services, not through taxes. For example a checking account costs $200 or so per account per person on average. 
But yeah, it's certainly not free. And this is besides the notion of bail outs, which are financed through both taxes and the systemic lowering of the value of your money through inflation. Inflation which, if you had a dollar in 1900, would now be worth about 1-2 pennies of purchasing power, for example.
@_date: 2014-04-05 12:34:39
Ah I see... well, that's probably what just about everyone either does or easily can do. That's good news :)
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:37:26
I'm trying to educate you on things I think I know buddy, writing long ass replies to convince you of something that doesn't affect me at all and I use 'fucking' because I'm not talking to a colleague at work, just a fellow internet dude...
But if you just want to ignore my help and point out that I'm angry, that's fine man. You didn't ask for help with information, you may even still think I'm completely wrong on this, but just know I wrote this all especially for you ;) I like talking bitcoin, absolutely not angry
@_date: 2014-03-31 11:05:13
Let me first say that the question says nothing about bitcoin. It's like saying in the 70s you could only use a computer for reading and writing, as opposed to pen and paper. It's just too early, it doesn't say anything about how crap or great computers or bitcoin are.
As for the question, personally, no. It's about $5, enough to spend your life in any highly-developed country with 3x the average wage for the rest of your life. But it's just not worth the hassle, for me. 
The first thing you'd do is put part of the money in non-currency assets like realestate, precious metals and government bonds, if necessary through intermediaries.
Then you'd probably relocate to a place with a decent bitcoin ecosystem, then start a business accepting crypto or pay your employer a bitcoin to convince him to use the Bitpay API to pay you in bitcoin. Then you'd find a way with things like gyft cards, browser plugins etc to pay at tons of (online) places that don't directly accept bitcoin. Over time, you'll likely see bitcoin become more prevalent, but if it dies out, you cash out into non-currency assets fully. If ever another non convential currency comes along (extremely likely in a digital age) you obtain it. 
Besides this, you can set up various contracts. e.g. you buy a $300k house with bitcoin, then allow someone to live there for free if he drops groceries at your house once a week and pays for it. Stuff like that. Lots of ways to get things done with intermediaries if you have $5 million.
But again, I'd personally rather live a completely (hassle) free life with modest means than a tricky one where I'll never have to work again. But I can easily imagine others saying 'absolutely'.
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:49:30
Well yeah bitcoin tops out at 7 TPS at the moment. At that rate it creates about 50 gigabytes of data annually. Visa's average is about 2.000 TPS, meaning you'd need blocks that are 300x faster/bigger/compressed than today's 1MB limit. That data without any changes would mean 15 terabytes of additional annual data storage on every single blockchain.
So we need alternative solutions. Off-chains, sidechains, off-chain transactions, blockchain pruning, compression etc.
But it's not an immediate problem as there isn't actually enough demand to consistently reach close to 7 TPS anyway right now.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:20:17
Hehe, not sure if I like it either. Doesn't inspire the type of confidence you expect from a financial product.
But Google was a strange thing at first, too. And while Apple is a pretty cool name, you can make a shitton of lame remarks about it, too. We have a tendency to disregard the name once a company takes off.
Maybe a friendly name like buttercoin makes it more accessible to the mainstream. Look at every version name of Android for example, jelly bean, kitkat, icecream sandwich etc.
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:33:31
For anyone whose wondering: the thread title is kind of one-sided.
The ATMs are barely used, yes, because in the Netherlands we have Bitonic. It's a bit like Coinbase, only you don't need to verify and your ACH transaction is instant. 
Yes, I bought my very first €100 of bitcoins within less than 30 seconds, and every Dutch person can do that. It's a bit like placing a water well in a place where every home has a tap, and saying 'water wells little used in the Netherlands'. Doesn't mean water isn't popular.
Second is the two bitcoin payments per week, that's not the boulevard that's a little tea shop in Amsterdam that, despite having lived all my life in Amsterdam, I'd never even heard of cause it's just a small shop, not in any particularly popular or busy area. It's a completely different place (and city) from the boulevard.
And no merchants didn't say they didn't like accepting it. They liked it less than was expected, but that's mostly because they had a shitty implementation where, unlike with things like Bitpay, they weren't even getting automatic payouts in euros into their bank account.
But let's be clear, it wasn't a massive success. But then, it was an experiment. Like offering your newspaper online in 1993 was sub-par, but still cool. The reason why it didn't generate massive volume is two-fold. One, the Netherlands already has an awesome payment system, it's hard to compete. And two, the bitcoin boulevard is a low-traffic area with a shitty first implementation.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:22:16


Where did he say he was an insurance worker? And no, I'm not claiming the end user is an additional insurer, that's besides the question. The point is obviously that users will be reimbursed when Coinbase has it's bitcoin stolen. You really think they'd announce an insurance policy that they have for themselves with no intention of paying its users?
The walmart case for example, is such a case, where they insure themselves as a company, and don't communicate that to anyone, not a customer, employee or relations of the employee, because it's not an insurance for them. It's a corporate insurance. There was never any intention, or communication as such, to pay anyone but walmart. It's a ridiculous comparison.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:50:13
Well, Mt. Gox being dead doesn't concern me. Everyone has better alternatives available and a lot of the exchange-problems and volume prices were already priced into Bitcoin. 
What concerns me is that, if 6% of all bitcoins were stolen, quite a large portion might be offloaded at some point. It's possible this will happen in a decentralized way at a significant discount. It's just not possible to sell 6% at spot prices and stay anonymous. If you hold 6% of a market cap of billions, I wouldn't care even if I was selling at a 99% discount, I'd still be fucking happy. Not saying that will happen, but it's likely that if someone or some parties stole 6% of all bitcoins that they're not going to hold on to them as an investment nor that they are going to need a high price. It's more likely they'll pull out soon in a messy, discounted, low-price manner. That could seriously drop the price, not because of a lack of trust in Bitcoin but simply because it's as if 1/16 people sell all their bitcoin in a short timespan. 
But other than that, I don't see any problems for Bitcoin. If people continue to look at the facts and trust it, it'll do great. There's tons of good news, tons of ATMs, exchanges, startups, payment processors either expanding or newly launching and the media is seemingly getting closer to the truth, more balanced and more active, while we're continuing to see VC money pour in and now opportunities for large (institutional) investors to obtain a BTC position in a legal manner while at the same time all countries and regulators keep mentioning that Bitcoin could become very important in their yet cautionary statements. It's a great time for Bitcoin.
Most importantly at this very moment though is that Mt. Gox problems might be overstated. Yes they're shit and no I don't want to see them back. But the 700k theft is extremely dodgy and unlikely. You can't steal from a cold wallet by targetting a hot wallet exploit that requires customer service to litterally give back 700k Bitcoins through support tickets and simultaneously not be aware at all of a rapidly decreasing fractional reserve. It's a ridiculous story. I prepare for the worst, but realistically I don't think it'll turn out nearly as bad as 700k.
@_date: 2014-08-06 18:06:32
Can you explain what it looks like on the receiving end? Do you get a link, a code, a private key sent to you? How does one redeem it into Coinkite or another wallet? And, would it be straightforward for a feature phone, too, or would you need to copy the SMS content and e.g. take a laptop at some point to redeem the bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-06-17 09:59:02
* The US Marshals see bitcoin as having value, they're selling these 'worthless magic internet moneys' for millions of dollars
* They're explicitly saying there's nothing illegal about bitcoin: they wouldn't sell illegal drugs back to the public after seizing them
* They don't see it as a ponzi or as some fake token: they wouldn't sell shares in a ponzi scheme back to the public after seizing it
* They don't see bitcoin as solely being something used by criminals, terrorists, drug dealers or launderers: they wouldn't sell these tokens back to the general public
In short, indeed it legitimizes bitcoin in the eyes of those who still had cooky ideas about it. It's of course completely neutral, but neutral is a big surprise for millions of people who think bitcoin is some shady ass thing.
@_date: 2014-12-30 11:35:04
Usually when someone makes a new claim, that person has to back up that claim with supporting information, rather than expect others to look for information that supports that claim. It'd be helpful if you'd give some information? I mean you don't have to, but don't call people stupid just because they don't believe a claim you make without providing even a link to something resembling evidence.
Beyond that, there are some clear community rules here:


That's not to censor you or whatever, it's just to say that I come to this subreddit to talk about bitcoin. I and many others on this sub couldn't care less about 999/1000 altcoins and any of the unquestionable scams that must be taking place around some of them. This subreddit wouldn't be about bitcoin anymore if we talked about anything going on with other altcoins, too. That's exactly why /s/CryptoCurrency was created.
As for Josh Garza, anyone who still does business with this guy is an idiot imo. People should really, really do a lot more research before spending their money. Anyone who looks at his business will soon see there's no mutual gain to be had.
@_date: 2014-05-13 12:22:39
How are you up by 12% when the price of bitcoin is down by 5% since you bought it? Did you daytrade a shitload or what, because it doesn't look like your kraken trade history shows more than 2 trades.
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:47:44
If a lawless society asks for regulation outlawing murder, that doesn't mean they wanted to be be locked up in 1-person cells so that they're safe. There are of course other forums of regulation that would be completely desirable. (such as outlawing murder, banning personal ownership of explosives etc)
Nobody asked for this kind of regulation, but asking for regulation isn't inherently a stupid thing to do and certainly not lemming-like. It's this lack of nuance that makes you look like a fanatic that nobody takes seriously.
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:26:37
@_date: 2014-08-08 22:38:19
Thanks for the tip! :P


Buying coins at Coinbase is limited to US customers only, so for most people one would still need to buy bitcoins somewhere, e.g. at an exchange anyway, and send it to any wallet, Coinbase or not. I'm in the Netherlands myself for example.
You could say sure, but if you're gonna set up a wallet anyway, might as well be Coinbase. Which is true, but changetip doesn't require any setup, you can just login with your reddit or twitter, facebook, youtube, github, tumblr etc, too. It's not a big deal to register with facebook, but you might've seen when you took my tip that the setup of a ChangeTip wallet was as frictionless as a login, i.e. no real setup, just a login as if the wallet already exists. That's a nice alternative to the majority of people who don't own a Coinbase account already, yet do own bitcoin. (Coinbase is huge, true, but not the majority, and of course by definition the amount of reddit users who can login with reddit to changetip is always greater than the amount of reddit users who already have a Coinbase account to login to.)
This may not be a big deal if you're looking to mass-tip. A one-time Coinbase registration is pretty quick. But remember that if we want to send someone $3 on reddit, and he's never had bitcoin before, I think it makes more sense for him to login with reddit to an account that already holds his $3, than to open up a new coinbase wallet.
Anyway it's a minor point, the login stuff, but it's a bit more frictionless.
I do agree a text-based tip isn't the best user interface by far. I prefer an extension, but I'd be extremely wary of authorizing third parties to pull funds from my Coinbase wallet, even if my family built the service. It's another point of failure that I'd prefer to keep separate from a place to store a lot of money. Changetip is alright as I only have $10-30 on there. A dedicated coinbase tipping wallet is a bit overkill. 
Extensions, same thing, especially as we've seen some malicious bitcoin extensions gone rogue that were providing cool functionality the week before. And where Changetip is multiplatform, works on any browser and on mobile, BitTip is a non-mobile single browser extension.
Anyway all of this obviously is still in flux and I think a lot of concerns can easily be dealt with over time. If Coinbase for example offered an API to authorize specific wallets or vaults in the Coinbase account, then I could set up a dedicated $20 tipping wallet whose authentication doesn't jeopardize the rest of the account. And if Coinbase had a quick setup where you could login with gmail or facebook (setting the account name and email to those you have setup with these services), the login would be frictionless, too.
Anyway, BitTip really looks great. The only reason I'm focusing on the small stuff so much is because of the network effects. Before ChangeTip there was another tipping bot that was folded into changetip because the changetip dev team was very active and provided new and useful functionality, and because of the confusion (e.g. different 'grammar' with .etc) they thought it best to just have 1 tip bot that everyone used, rather than a few that a few people used but couldn't interact with eachother well. Kind of why we don't really want another facebook as having 5 different like buttons for various social media platforms kind of kills it.
Anyway thanks again for your post I'll keep an eye on this one :) Will experiment a bit more with BitTip soon!
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:07:16


Hehe, it's not that big! They operate about 64 stores, mostly small boutiques with 2, maybe 3 people in them at any one time. Perhaps 5 FTEs per store + 10-15 people at corporate doing finance, marketing, logistics, procurement. I'd say 500 max. But your point is very valid, it instantly turns hundreds of mainstream people into people who are educated and trained to work with bitcoin, that's exciting!
Reeds has said they'll be training their staff by the way, they probably haven't started yet. But they say they've had 3 ipads in every store for a while now to interface with their online store, so that's how payments will work, meaning it's requires sales people to only take a few extra steps using the ipads and sales systems theyre already familiar with! :)
Which is interesting, bitcoin's timing is really good. It might not have worked 5 or 10 years ago given ecommerce was so small, and nobody had a smartphone to pay with, nor did anyone have a smart PoS system like an ipad or phone in the store to accept payments. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 16:18:45


Certainly not true. Yes, security was absolutely posited as one of several key factors, but the niqab legislation did NOT arise from an acute security threat, and security was also not the only rationalization, on the contrary.
I'll cautiously say that a growing, normalized, salonfähig islamophobia (driven by a post 9/11 neoliberal outlook on the world) was the origin of such policies. If we didn't have Huntington's 'clash of civilizations' type thinking going on this would never have been an issue.
Let's look at the numbers: it's about 1500 or so women for a pop of 65m. That's 0.002%. That's 100x fewer burkas than there are bitcoiners, and that's saying something! :P 
Sarkozy was very clear when he said 'veils are not welcome' in France. He didn't say 'covering your head with anything, including veils, is a security issue and therefore not welcome'. He was very clear when he said 'the law is to protect women from being forced to cover their faces and to uphold France's secular values', he didn't say it was because of a security issue.
And look at the fines: a woman wearing it is charged $195. A man forcing a woman to wear it, I'm not kidding this is true, is charged $39k. Obviously these fines aren't as such because veils are a security issue. They're such because they're a religious and cultural directive based on the (partially true, partially wrong) notion that Muslim men use it to subjugate women.
The reality is that France has subjugated its women. How can one force a particular dress. Could we force a woman not to cover up her breasts in the same way? No that would be ridiculous. Why? Because we consider breasts to be private parts, intimate parts. But when 0.002% of the population considers the face to be a private and intimate part, we force them to reveal it, and otherwise force them to stay at home as many women do now. It's absolute nonsense. Hamza Yusuf puts it quite well:


Now I'm agnostic myself, believe in secular society and mock religion in a private setting every now and then. But I believe this niqab ban was ridiculous, and the notion that it arose or was justified solely from a security point of view is mistaken. And it's a mistake few other European countries fortunately made, despite the same security concerns.
@_date: 2014-03-10 20:23:52
Kraken has more than 10x the volume and its starting fees are less than half of justcoins starting fees.
@_date: 2014-05-11 11:34:08
If I ever want to buy running stuff I will from you considering your daughter has the most epic name ever
@_date: 2014-08-01 17:08:59
It depends. Right now it's not hugely interesting for most people individually. But it might become very interesting for companies.
For example, look at Gyft. It's essentially what they do. You deposit $100 of bitcoin, they sell the bitcoin, thereby locking in the price at $100. You can now spend it anywhere through their platform.
The cool part is that a locked-in price using bitcoin as a payment mechanism can indeed be cheaper than e.g. credit card transactions, without the various risks of chargebacks or high fraud rates. Which means companies could capitalize on this and start offering cheaper payments to customers or merchants.
But in and of itself, it's not something an individual would be very interested in. After all, if you want to have bitcoin pegged to a dollar price, you might as well keep your dollars, and when you want to use bitcoin, buy that. The whole point of owning bitcoin is being exposed to its price and having individual ownership of your money. So the notion that you store your money with a third party with no exposure to the price, is silly. Of course the third reason to own bitcoin is to use bitcoin, but then, you don't really need to own it for long, you can just own dollars in that case, and buy bitcoin and instantly use it. That's kind of what this platform does but then facilitates it. That's a great usecase, particularly when you can shop with bitcoin anywhere with a discount (because merchants have lower fees, fewer chargebacks/fraud and can discount without cutting profits, yet becoming more competitive).
Bitreserve is similar. I think all these products have a future, but more **for a mainstream audience who's inclined to use bitcoin without knowing it.** 
i.e., but $100 of 'online dollars' when it's really bitcoin, lock in the price at $100, think they own $100 'online dollars', they can now spend it online by sending not dollars but the equivalent bitcoin amount to a merchant in a transaction that's cheaper than if they had used their creditcard, and they get a discount because the merchant can reduce prices while retaining profits due to a cheaper and less fraudulent payment. This discount and ease of use and ability to pay anywhere online without even a bank account is what prompts them to use this 'online dollar service', and it'd be completely built on top of bitcoin without them knowing it. That's the magic. In fact it's very similar to what Gyft does. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:49:52
Andreas has talked about shared multi-sig pools of bitcoin of multiple exchanges. These then self-regulate. He asked 'would bitstamp and btce and coinbase let mt.gox go unaudited if they shared liability for a pool of bitcoin?'.  That could actually work. If you refuse auditing or your audit turns out to be shit, you get kicked out of the pool. And if you're not in the pool, customers will be more hesistant to trust you versus the members of the pool that share liability and thus have a huge incentive to police eachother.
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:39:33
Yeah fair enough, I try not to use it as it feels disingenuous to a layman, and you look really silly if you say it to anyone who knows his technology, and that can reinforce the negative stereotype we have that all bitcoiners are fanatics who misunderstand the basic fundamentals of tech/security/economics etc. 
But it's a pretty decent hook. You can definitely use it in certain contexts, like as a quick tidbit of info to give a sense of the magnitude of mining and investments made into this ecosystem. But yeah I try to be careful about using it.
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:52:07
Cheap coins for me man, I just bought 2 more coins.
Bitcoin is worth $8b, today we saw a 10% price drop of $800m. 
All because of a tiny $0.018 billion coins are going to be sold PRIVATELY, no less, or just 0.2% of coins.
And people don't realize that if you buy 30k coins on an exchange, the price increases, so you pay above spot-price average per bitcoin. As such, funds like BIT or Panterra are going to *love* paying simply the current exchange price for the bitcoin because that would be a huge discount for them compared to sourcing it from an exchange. So contrary to popular belief, these coins aren't going to be auctioned off for cheap!
@_date: 2014-04-17 19:47:49
On your second point about the car dealer, completely different. I like analogies but this one doesn't fly. A better analogy, if you want to stretch it, would be that you programmed your car to drive back to you, go to the car dealer, sell it, then flip the switch and have the car return to you like the knight rider. It's definitely your problem if you do this.
On the last point, I touched on that already.
"The only exception is if a hacker stole the private keys, but didn't withdraw any bitcoin, and ran some server to double-spend any transaction that the legitimate owner makes giving the hacker a ~50% chance of the hackers' transaction to be included in the blockchain instead of the legitimate transaction, as opposed to a 100% chance if he just took the coins right away. I think it's clear, while this is possible, it's extremely unlikely."
Stuff like this happens once in a billion and generally just doesn't hold up. It requires someone to hack your private keys specifically, build a server service to read the blockchain and detect the spend, then attempt a double spend, and then mine that double spend... the level of sophistication required is completely disproportionate to the benefits the hacker gains. First of all, an economically-motivated hacker would steal the bitcoin outright. Whereas if someone wants to frame you and is a computer scientist as well as obtain your secure private keys, the worst he could do is have a 50% chance of framing you on a 0 conf double spend. (which generally is used to buy coffee). Remember, these double spend problems are not relevant to e.g. buying a car or paying the rent with bitcoin or using an exchange, they all require confirmations. So not only is it extremely unlikely, but it's also extremely disproportionate, at best you could frame someone for something extremely minor. There's much easier and better ways to frame someone.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:36:04
They're pretty much known to not have very accurate charts. 
Starting with the fact that blocks over the past 24H is NOT hashrate over the past 24H. Basically if you have 25% of the hashrate, every once in a while you'll get something like 50% of the blocks.
Doesn't mean it's not worrying to me by the way, just saying that this chart isn't measuring hashrate (merely a short-term proxy of hashrate, big difference).
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:40:53
Agreed, most people are not intimately familiar with centi, milli, micro, kilo, mega etc. But they're conditioned to associate bits with filesize, some with 1/8th. I don't think bits is a mainstream type of terminology tbh. And because it makes no mention of bitcoin, yet is easily confused with bits, megabits etc, I think people will often be wholly unaware that these numbers represent prices.
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:53:56
Sigh... it's like saying Asians could benefit due to an exchange in Malaysia, or Europeans could benefit because of an exchange in Poland.
@_date: 2014-07-05 12:34:52
If they published:
* Their investments
* Their monthly block rewards / hashpower
* The monthly electricity / maintenance fees 
In full and only in full, then you'd be able to calculate this. As far as I know these numbers aren't public, so how would one know? 
Besides this, I'd be happy to see any calculations, on the basis of assumptions or published numbers.
@_date: 2014-12-06 19:26:50
Because it feels like one giant scam. What if I came up to you and said 'hey look, I have this digital file and I'm saying it's worth $1000, oh and just a few years ago I bought it for $0.01, but I didn't do anything with it since then, it's just more valuable now'.
And you ask, okay what is it? Well, it's this file that's on everyone's computers, but it's your money. And it's generated by people wasting computing power to secure the network, this is necessary because it's not centralized. That is, it's not actually ran by a company.
Oh okay, and what can you do with it? 'Well you can pay people with it, about 0.1% of merchants accept it at the moment'.
Oh okay... and how do you use it? 'well here's a hundred pages on how to keep your wallet secure' etc etc.
It's just almost offensive to say this to anyone and ask them to actually pay you hundreds of dollars for such a coin. It sounds like a giant scam and it sounds as if everyone who's enthusiastic about it is really just trying to pump a stock to get rich quick.
Given many of us are familiar with multi-level marketing schemes, we immediately say 'nah fuck that, not interested', and are credulous towards people who mock bitcoin. Monkey say monkey do, we mock it, too, without ever having looked into it.
Point is, bitcoin is awesome for some deeply philosophical, economical, political, social and business reasons that are far from immediately obvious at first glance. On the contrary, at first glance it looks like a giant scam. And given the amount of scams we get faced with on an annual basis, our natural reaction is not to give it the consideration it needs to appreciate it.
@_date: 2014-04-14 19:33:40
What's your creditcard called? Chase freedom card has a $5/3% balance transfer fee and upto 23% APR, a foreign transaction fee of 3%, $15 to $35 penalty on a late payment fee, $10/3% cash advance, $35 return payment fee.
Merchant fees are customer fees. Sorry, but there's no way around this because customers are the only source of revenue. So if you have an expense and there's one person paying for all expenses, guess who's paying. It's not a direct fee, but we're paying for it alright.
There is evidence that savings are passed down on customers. Gyft does 3% discounts on bitcoin purchases. Overstock is experimenting with a 1% discount. Tigerdirect has done very significant bitcoin discounts. (these last two are billion-dollar retailers, the first is a major payment enabler allowing bitcoin usage at e.g. Amazon with a 3% discount)
I've actually quite often at an online checkout had an option to pay e.g. $5 with a CC or pay with a debit card or online banking or the option to pay the deliveryman. Some options (in the Netherlands) are much cheaper than others, and Bitcoin could be the cheapest one. Some merchants actually rightly give the consumer the option of choosing which way to pay and incentivizing them to choose the cheaper option, this existed for years before Bitcoin and bitcoin will just be the cheaper option.
@_date: 2014-06-23 15:59:13
Sounds a bit like bitreserve.
It's bitcoin in bitcoin out but it seems to only be fiat on the system..
@_date: 2014-12-07 15:54:13
There is no general ban on hijabs in France. There is one in public school services, so e.g. your teacher can't wear one (ridiculous).
As for free speech, well there's no such thing as true free speech anywhere, it's all relative. France is definitely a weird case, at the same time highly progressive in some areas, while also pretty conservative in others. Hate speech is the key element where freedom of speech in France is quite limited. Another is for example insulting the country's flag or anthem, you can get fined for that. But generally I'd consider France to be quite a free country in terms of speech.
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:23:26
For me he's innocent until proven guilty. But you can't be the (co-)face of something struggling with an illicit image in the media (bitcoin) when you yourself have an illicit image in the media. It just doesn't work.
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:15:10
Ah I see. Well it's kind of nonsense... 
Basically, if you break it down, address reuse MAY protect you in SOME cases when you are SLOPPY. 
It doesn't actually provide securities or insecurities in and of themselves.
A properly generated private key that is kept safe will never be vulnerable even if you used the associated address a billion times.
The sources you quoted refer to situations where the private key itself isn't properly generated in the first place. For example, if I wanted I could let my private key be the number 1. Yup, that could be my private key. And you can bet that if you send it $1, seconds later it will be stolen, because it's not a safe private key. The point is that anyone can guess the number 1, right? So everyone will try it to see if there's some bitcoin on that key.
Now sure, if you use a crappy number generator, then you might actually not create random numbers at all, but instead, pseudo random numbers. e.g. numbers that look random, but really aren't, because there's a pattern. And when there's a pattern, people can know your private key, in the same way anyone can try out the number '1', people can just check all the keys in a pattern and steal your coins.
Note however, that only using this address once doesn't inherently protect you from anything. After all, if you put $1 on the key '1', it doesn't matter if you only use it once, it'll still be stolen. 
Think of it like this. If you have a number generator that generates key X, and you use it once, and then put more bitcoin on it. If this key now becomes unsecure, what does it mean? It means people already had this key. (there's no way to reverse a public key to a private key, after all). As in, they already had this public address indexed, by generating the same crap pseudo random numbers you generated. But what this means is that not just on your 2nd or 3rd use of this key your bitcoins weren't secure, but not on your first either!
So again, if your coins are unsecure after reuse, they were already unsecure on their first use.
And again, this only affects bad number generators. If your PRNG gives you '1' or '1234' or something else that isn't really very random, like a random looking number from a list of random looking numbers that is used by anyone using the software... then your coins just aren't secure.
So a bitcoin private key is any 256-bit number. So literally if you flip a coin 256 times, that's a 256 bit number, and a valid private key. You can reuse this address for the rest of humanity and not have any security issues whatsoever from the mere fact of reusing.
The reverse (private from public key) thing, I'm absolutely not aware of. If I even got a hint of that being possible, I'd sell all my bitcoins. In fact I'd probably buy gold and live on a remote island, because creditcards, cryptography protecting nuclear launch codes, hotel door locks, everything powered by SSL, etc could all be broken. It's the basis of public key cryptography that secures pretty much everything we do in modern society nowadays.
So address reuse is a great thing to do for various reasons, mainly privacy, and partially does it help you stay secure when you made some mistakes or were sloppy, e.g. when generating a key. (but again, that means the first-time you use this key, it's already insecure in the first place, too, because the only way people can see if you used a specific private key just from looking at an address, is if that address had already been generated from that key in the first place and indexed. That allows the comparison, as there's no way to just look at the address and reverse it to a private key at all. Which means that someone already has to have had your private key before you used it the first, second or third time all the same, which means it's not secure even to use once because, simply, it's not a random key so other people can know it before you ever lay eyes on it)
But there's no reason a well-kept, randomly generated private key can ever be generated just from looking at the blockchain. I haven't ever seen proof for that.
@_date: 2014-05-18 10:17:10
Welcome dude.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:21:00
Can someone ELI5? 300k is $150m, that's a freaking sickingly large amount of money... Can't this happen at Ghash or p2pool or any pool?
Mt. Gox was only about 4x worse and that was really ugly..
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:52:07
Good question. I doubt it, they stopped due to regulatory and operational issues. Read a bit here if you'd like
@_date: 2014-06-06 17:20:26
Awesome :D! 1 upvote! @_date: 2014-07-14 14:18:40
No you're just storing bitcoins... And those are stored on the blockchain, which is not something that miners secure, that's just storage, miners secure transactions (the addition to the blockchain). The store of the blockchain is something you can yourself, separate from mining.
I do agree with this statement: bitcoins only have value if they can be transacted securely and safely. But for me that's not enough reason for an economic system depending on transaction fees to fail.
For example you could say a car only has value if there is a safe road to drive on. But a system where you pay for mile driven on this road to keep the roads in good shape, is a fine system, and just because a car owner has a valuable car because there are safe roads, but doesn't pay unless he actually drives on the road, doesn't defeat the fact that this system can work just fine.
Off-chain transactions, absolutely they'll happen. But not for all transactions. In the same way that I'm fine if my brother says 'I won't pay you X, let's just wait until you need to pay me X and we're even'. Or if he says 'lets not trade dollars, let's trade fake dollars between ourselves'. That's fine and it will happen. But beyond that, there's a much larger number of people whose off-chain transactions I won't accept. And even if there are off-chain tx systems created, if bitcoin is used as the settling mechanism, then you can e.g. do 1 transaction to settle say 1 thousand transactions. But then that 1 bitcoin transaction could cost $100, and pay for the security as if 1000 10 cent transactions had happened. At the end of the day, the party who will settle the transactions will want to pay for the security of that bitcoin transaction. But more importantly, off-chain means centralized, and that fundamentally means bitcoin serves no role. In other words, if people really prefer cheaper transactions at the expense of centralisation, then there is no fundamental demand for bitcoin anyway so the question of its economic model isn't even relevant. So the larger point for me is, sure off-chain will happen, but there will always be a demand for blockchain-based transactions, as that's what bitcoin is all about. 
At the end of the day I think the fundamental underlying question is that miners need to be rewarded, either through rewards or fees. And if bitcoin can take off and become well-used, we can have 10 cent transactions by millions of people daily, and have two orders of magnitude higher miner revenues. 


Absolutely. And I think it's a better idea, personally, to 'pay for use'. That is, bitcoin mining is the utility of making transactions. So let's pay directly for the utility. Pay per transaction. Right now, indeed as you say, block rewards are paid for through ownership. (i.e. everyone's bitcoin devalues due to inflation of the money supply, REGARDLESS of whether 0 or 1 billion transactions are made.) But I think paying for transactions is a better system, that's what bitcoin is about, moving value. Pay for use. 
Let's not forget that transaction fees are really important to keep the network running. Storage fees aren't. If you had free transactions, but paid e.g. annually 1% (by redistributing 1% of everyone's coins to miners), then there'd be no cost to ask nodes to relay your transaction, miners to include it in a block, and nodes to store your transaction in the ledger. That would mean you could spam the network, DoS it, create 1 billion transactions to yourself at no cost, yet burden the network immensely as you require of thousands of nodes to relay and store 1 billion useless transactions. The blockchain would blow up to tons of petabytes of useless prank-data, because there's no cost to a transaction. 
In other words, Firstly I fundamentally think that Pay-Per-Use (per transaction) is a better system, as it puts the burden of cost on those who use (e.g. heavy daily users), and not on everyone (including those who simply store once, and only burden the network maybe once a year by making a transaction) proportionally.
And secondly, I think technically it's the only real way to do it. Without a transaction fee, there'd be no cost to burdening others to make the transaction happen, the system would fall apart. Just look at email spam. It's free to send email, imagine you had to store all of it on everyone's blockchain. Now imagine it'd cost 10 cents to send an email. Spam would die overnight, as it becomes economically impossible to send 1 billion spam emails a day as happens every day. (in fact, it's one of the future proposed ideas for bitcoin. Email clients reject all email unless 1 penny worth of bitcoin is attached. It'd cost an average user a few dollars for a year of email. But a spammer sending a millions of emails a day would have to spend a million dollars a month. It'd stop spam)
On the first point I'm not super strongly positioned by the way. I completely understand your notion that a store of value is a utility in itself and I appreciate that, it's a fair point. So for me, I wouldn't be strictly opposed to e.g. 0.5% permanent annual inflation for everyone as a basis income for miners, an incentive to spend bitcoin, and on top of that a tx fee to prevent spam.
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:54:22
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:53:25
oh god lol
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:11:17
Look again at the price. Where does it come from? Am I telling you the price of my bitcoin? No. It comes from an exchange. What's the exchange? An orderbook of bid and ask. What is the size of the orderbook? A fraction of a percent.
That's the fact of the matter, the price is governed by a fraction of a percent of the goods being priced. If you buy the orderbook, the price goes up. You'll need to buy the orderbook at least a few hundred times before you'd get all bitcoins, guess where the price then goes? So no there's no individual person with verified funds that could buy all bitcoin if hypothetically people put it all for sale.
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:18:56
Tell me, did these miners just magically made this hashpower appear? Or are you saying that miners (rational, financial actors) bought way more hashpower than they'd need for a 51% attack (valued at ~200-800m), and are now losing money because they're not putting it to use? And not only this, but that multiple parties can do this, therefore not actually improving any individual's chance of a 51% attack. And that these miners who spent such a significant amount that they can obtain a large chunk of the $1.5m daily block rewards are not interested in such a sum of money by starting another pool or mining under a different name or address because $45m a month is not worth it?
I think you're not thinking about this right. Anyway, regardless, I'll grant you that even though I don't think it's logical, it *could* be true, I'll grant you that. But unless you actually have some evidence, I think we've exhausted our speculative discussion. (That goes for me, too. But proving a negative is a lot harder).
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:31:14
A lot of wallets allow sending bitcoin in various ways. e.g. Coinbase lets you send bitcoin through e.g. SMS or to an email address.
They can also set up payment pages like this: 
Also consider paper wallets. Thing is though, the bitcoin is useless until you use a wallet to sign transactions. So you might as well get them an app right away.
For smartphone users just let them install a wallet app, if they can't do that then there's not much hope for them :p
I'd go with a hosted wallet first like Coinbase. Later they can do a browser-based wallet with their own key-control like blockchain.info and if they love it, get something like Armory.
@_date: 2014-12-19 08:06:05
Give me a break. Feedback and 5 star ratings is EVERYTHING on Ebay. Ask an Ebay merchant, most will drag their balls through a mile of glass to prevent a single negative rating even if they do thousands of individual trades per month.
With a feedback system like that, consumers can choose their own insurance, and insurers will choose their own premiums. Someone with a 99.8% positive rating means consumers can skip insurance, and insurers know the risk is low, so the cost of insurance might be very low like 0.5% of the item price. Whereas someone with a 50% rating will be avoided by consumers, and if they do choose it, they'll all get insurance to avoid getting screwed, and insurers see the risk and charge a lot, making the total cost of this product go way up and making more honorable merchants with better ratings cheaper and more competitive in the process.
This is a system that can and does work in loads of market places like the Silk Road, as well as regular commerce for hundreds of years. Ebay does exactly the same thing, only they charge the same insurance fee to everyone, and then generate profits, while not allowing sophisticated arbitration or a marketplace for escrow/insurers, allowing them to charge too much for a crap service. Consumers don't mind because they think they're protected, but they're unaware that merchants pay high fees for this protection, which causes them to price their products higher. This avoids the realization that you could get the same consumer protection at a cheaper rate in a free-market outside of Ebay. With bitcoin, for the first time, we can create such free-market marketplaces based on digital money and completely open-software based payment processing at very low fees.
This notion they charge 10% for a sale, and 3% to process the payment, and that there is no way to offer consumer protection &amp; payment processing cheaper than that, is bs. When you see Bitpay process bitcoin sales to fiat for 0%, and when you figure that a 99.5% positive rating means 100% payout of bad trades costs only 0.5%, you just can't justify charging 10%+. You could in the past decade, but I don't think you can in the next. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:58:38
Increase insurance rates until it balances out, I'd assume.
@_date: 2014-04-28 12:01:49
Because being fairly confident is not the same as being completely certain. 
For example, would you take a bet you have 95% odds of winning. You win, you gain $1m, you lose, you die? Probably not. But if the odds were you'd gain 1k or spend 1 day in jail, most people would do it in an instant. It's never a good idea to bet everything, even if you estimate your odds to be extremely favorable. 
Just consider what's more important to them: A, having 80m and a possibility to make e.g. $1b they'll never be able to individually spend on anything meaningful, or B, risking losing all their wealth and having nothing left but potentially making $2b. I think everyone would prefer A.
@_date: 2014-09-07 19:40:49
If I drop a bomb on your house, kill you, then rebuild the house with my money, then put some of my soldiers in your previous house, then fund your children as the next generation and raise them under the rules set forth right after I dropped that bomb and you surrendered, yeah your children would grow up as a strategic asset to me. What's your point?
As for a mostly positive influence, I'm truly curious as to how familiar you are with US foreign policy. The US has basically destroyed south america for decades, ruined much of the middle east to this day, and has a pretty ugly history in various states in Africa and Asia. Let me know if you want me to name a few. For example, the CIA overthrow of the democratically elected and secular leadership of Mossadegh in Iran. The support for the corrupt Suharto dictatorship that left nearly a million people dead in decades of corruption, oppression and torture. The US's support for the military coup of general Pinochet who spent his political career a viscous dictator, known for his torture and oppression, with the support of the US, after having removed the democratically elected Allende, with CIA support. The funding of Nicaraguan contras by the US, deemed a violation of international law, the US was sued in the international court of justice and Nicaragua won. The court required the US to pay reparations, so they took their veto power, breaking the politically sacred rules of montesquieu's trias politica, to block the ruling through the UN security council. And that's just a couple smaller ones. Not to even speak of a ridiculous war in Iraq leaving hundreds of thousands of civilians dead, a war fought against a dictator they funded for years, just to leave the region in ruins and let some crazy group like the IS jump into the power vacuum. Or the two-decade war in Vietnam leaving over a million dead.
The US as a force for good is a complete joke. It's been an opportunist, imperialist force. Its aims have always been in self-interest, and that self-interest has more often than not been at the expense of human dignity all over the world.
As for your view on WWII... Maybe you've watched too much saving private ryan. I'm glad the US entered the war, too, but to say they defeated Germany, Japan and Italy is foolish. And not to mention the horror of dropping a goddamn nuclear bomb, twice... It's a clear war crime in my opinion. Yes, there are rules and laws to warfare. And dropping a nuclear bomb on two civilian cities is the definition of terrorism. 


Especially against CITIZENS, on a scale that leaves a hundred thousand dead within an hour. Like 9/11, only on a much bigger scale, done by a global superpower against a Japan that by all reports we have now was looking and willing to negotiate a full surrender. A clear act of terrorism on an unheard of scale in such a short period of time.
I'm not a big fan of Obama's policies, but to say he's the exception to the rule of joyous positive american intervention is... it's a bad joke. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:08:18
This is what we know: 
* Merchants have no incentive to spend initial resources (infrastructure, training, design, hassle) to accept a currency if nobody owns or uses the currency.
* Regular people won't buy bitcoin if they cannot spend it anywhere. Once coins can be used at many merchants, they'll adopt.
Basic catch 22 problem. We need to build some critical mass somewhere. What is possible? Well, merchants are extremely unlikely to move first. They have a significant cost and risk. A new currency pops up every year, a new product or service does, too. Particularly large, reliable businesses like Amazon are not moving first to accept a decentralized currency without millions of users believing in it.
So we can't expect merchants to 'go first'. So we have to do it. The early adopters, the bitcoin enthusiasts. But we're limited in number. Maybe 5 million people believe in Bitcoin and 7 billion don't. We can't expect any merchants to move unless our small amount of users is actually willing to use the currency.
And of course, for us it's a no-brainer. You can spend bitcoin, then buy them at an exchange or Coinbase right away. 0.1-1% extra fees is a small amount to pay to grow the value of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:10:17
Andreas disagrees.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:47:32
What 'legit security mirage' am I falling for? I never said *anything* about not being at risk when letting your coins be controlled by other people. What are you even talking about? 
I agree with you, by the way, but why is this a response to anything I said?
@_date: 2014-08-10 10:02:57
Sweet, hopefully we'll finally see some recurring B2B payments happen on the basis of bitcoin :) A lot of bitcoin websites like exchanges use Cloudflare.
It's really such a beautiful no brainer, get paid in bitcoin as a company, and use it, circumvent a ton of fees and require no setup of a company bank account. Never deal with a bank or chargeback issues on either side.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:52:43
As you've probably heard before, hire a designer and give the website a modern look.
I mean, it really is extremely easy these days to do it yourself. There are so many open frameworks right now that take a 15 minute CSS course to get into. Like 
And lastly, lingua franca. You've mentioned this yourself, but get it done like this week, translate it to English. Your English is fine, it's not a website with thousands of pages of text. Translate it to the best of your ability, put it on reddit and ask people to proofread it.
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:19:30
I think $700 before the end of the year is quite reasonable. But in the coming two weeks? Perhaps if there's crazy speculation. There certainly wouldn't be any reason for it, in my opinion, we're not seeing 30-50% growth in adoption in a 3-week timeframe, so why should the price follow?
Of course there's been talk of wall street money and institutional investments coming in back in late 2013, and that was always predicted to happen in the second half of 2014. So in that sense, we may see some larger institutional capital buy into bitcoin, but that'd be purely speculation-driven, a long-term view.
@_date: 2014-10-06 12:57:32
Nothing except incentives.
So there's always a spread between the buy and sell price, in deep markets the spread is tiny (e.g. a $10 trillion market where most individuals only have $50k or $250k locked up) and in undeep markets (a few billion dollars, where only 1-2% of assets are traded on a daily basis, and there are individual parties who have 0.5% of all assets in their portfolio) the spread can be larger.
Which essentially means that in a deep market, it's very hard to move the price. In a more shallow market like bitcoin today, it's easier to move the price, but the spreads are pretty significant.
So the spread again is the differential between buy/sell price. Say you can buy for $500 and sell for $495. The issue is that if you sell and then rebuy immediately, you just lose money to the spread, even if you can trade at 0% fees (although most exchanges ask fees ontop of that, which just increases the spread.)
In other words, you really have to be lucky, skilled, well-timed, to pull off a mass sell-off, hope to create a momentum that you wait out for a cheap price, then buy back the cheap coins, and then hope for an upwards momentum so your coins appreciate again, that creates gains that outweigh the cost of the spread you inevitably end up eating in the process.
For example, if you'd done a sell-off at $330, hoped for it to drop to $250 and sold at an average of $310 (the moment you start selling big, the price drops, so you can't sell all for $330), but at $290 it created huge buying pressure and the momentum shot to $330 again, you just ended up selling your coins at $310 average and the price today is $330. Even if you started buying back around $300 when the plan failed, your buyback price (with the spread) might've averaged $315. So you just lost a bunch of money.
If it was easy, everyone would do it. You see some people try at times, some succeed. It's a part of every free market in any good.  I don't really see it as a huge problem, one that becomes more and more rare as the markets deepen. But yeah, we're still sort of in wild west times.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:34:33
Agreed. Not saying 'stop it'. Just wonder what part of 8% are actual fees and what part are profits. The profits can easily go down with competition. Buy innovating down fees is less trivial. 
The reason I wonder is because I'm genuinly interested in the way average people (e.g. 100million - 300 million) individuals will obtain bitcoin 10 years from now. One answer is: online intermediaries like Coinbase that source at professional B2B-only exchanges that will arrive. Another answer is: ATMs, Paypal, banks, supermarkets. (sounds pretty weird, but if there is regulatory clearance, it's pretty logical to use existing payment processors to allow people to make a payment and obtain essentially a digital asset like bitcoin). But ATMs are one of these things that seem to introduce quite a lot of fees, I wonder what their long-term competitiveness is.
@_date: 2014-07-07 10:18:55
Irreversibility is awesome. Imagine I gave you $10 for a coffee and then three weeks later, I magically take the cash from your pocket from an entire other location. That's what a chargeback is. And merchants and individuals struggle with it. For example I've sold items to buyers both as an individual (second hand stuff) and a merchant, and sometimes a month later, suddenly the money I was paid disappears. 
Reversable payments can be useful sometimes, but it's important for the lowest layer, the protocol, to be irreversible. If you want, you can build reversibility on top if you really wanted, as a company or as an alternative blockchain or whatever. But the core must not allow reversing. 
Sending payments isn't seen as a big problem. First of all there are checksums, meaning the bitcoin software will tell you when you mistyped an address generally. But secondly, it's very likely we won't be using bitcoin addresses anymore in the future, rather we'll use different things (e.g. bump your phone with your friends phone to pay him, instead of having to type in his address), or simply automatic checkouts (e.g. choose a product on Newegg.com, and press pay... don't need to type in an address for that, either) or sending money to a friend on facebook, no need to type an address, just go to his profile and press pay, etc. Part of that exists today, part of it will be build the next few years.
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:21:53
If they made a proper documentary I'd give it more attention. This was just shit. Almost all hype, both the positive (math whiz kid who finished college as a teenager is into bitcoin) as well as negative (Silk Road was 20% of narcotics trade, $1.2b market, both are false btw)
@_date: 2014-10-10 12:25:04
People use the slippery slope argument, that when we begin with some nodes blacklisting, it opens up a discussion to blacklist more nodes. And from there, it opens up the discussion for regulators to require nodes to blacklist illegal gambling. And from there it opens up the discussion to apply the same to miners.
Slippery slope arguments are usually fallacious used to instill FUD. But I think it's really important to be cautious about any blacklisting.
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:46:21
Exactly, it sounds very much like this is the case. I doubt the liability clause is referring to its insurance, particularly seeing how important it is to be very explicit in contracts (hence elaborate huge TOS agreements) an omission of a direct reference generally means it's not referred to, and a judge will likely not see that clause as waiving away or limiting the insurance product described earlier in the TOS.
As such I'll have to reserve judgement until I hear from Xapo about this one. In any case it'd be a good idea to polish the TOS a little bit to make it more clear either way.
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:21:12
I think it was a george bush reference :p
@_date: 2014-05-06 00:27:47
Well there's two things. Firstly I think it's quite clear that they're competing with Coinbase on the consumer-wallet side. They do virtually everything Coinbase does on this end, but aim to make it easier, more user-friendly. That's a big reason not to be incredibly public and do public demos right now.
Secondly, he's said he prefers proper governance, solid relationships, a good product, the right security etc to an early product launch. Bitcoin is in no hurry of being completely taken over by services, they've got time to properly launch.
And lastly, there really isn't that much hype. They're visible, they're involved, yes. They've got funding, they've got talent, they've got views, of course they're going to be present. But I don't see anyone claiming anything about how Circle is going to be The Best Ever. And they're also not really constantly teasing and saying 'it's coming soon, it's awesome, just wait'. They're more like 'We're building on something and we need time to do it right. Until then we'd be happy to speak on bitcoin in general'. 
Of course, there's no guarantees it'll work but given the smart money put into this, and given the huge market opportunities, this is probably not going to be an utter failure.
@_date: 2014-04-14 15:20:36
Not really in terms of merchants, but the Netherlands has bitonic which is arguably the easiest way to purchase bitcoin anywhere in the world. (My first bitcoin purchase there literally took 25 seconds, was completely secure, at a bitcoinaverage price with no extra fees)
We also have thuisbezorgd.nl which is arguably one of the best online takeaway restaurant in the world that delivers fast at nice prices, and you can pay entirely with bitcoin.
Other than that, the Netherlands seems to have a high percentage of understanding, bitcoin nodes and bitcoin owners as a percentage of the population. But there's not that many merchants and our founders seem to go abroad mostly (e.g. Safello has Dutch founders). 
So: extremely easy to obtain bitcoin, easy to buy food online, relatively high percentage of owners/miners, and extremely limited merchants (physical and online) not unlike most of the rest of the world.
@_date: 2014-07-04 10:09:31
Interesting. Anyway, please use a better title next time. Thereś a HUGE difference between banks servicing bitcoin companies like Bitpay, Coinbase, Bitstamp etc, as well as banks allowing customers to send money to these companies (e.g. to buy bitcoin) and banks buying and holding bitcoins themselves. This report was on that latter thing which no bank is doing right now, nor are many anywhere close to implementing something like that. But a title like this makes it seem as if banks are advised to do what China does (stay away from bitcoin in all forms, for companies &amp; customers, too) which is just not applicable here.
@_date: 2014-03-04 23:18:40
Actually there are plenty of cases where, when it was verifiably known certain dollars with certain serial numbers were stolen, the thieves were tracked because merchants scanned and reported them.
Thats why in movies you always hear them ask for unserialized dollars
@_date: 2014-09-16 00:34:31
Aah I see.
So, much of it has to do with timing as well as proof/accountability/effort.
So first there's timing. Generally when a card is fraudulently used, it becomes clear quite quickly, at times before the product is shipped or when the product arrives (shipments can be cancelled mid-shipping and returned.) This means that when one buys gold, the gold may be shipped two days later, heavy as it is not through the post but through a heavier package which is slower to arrive, which then arrives days later. This means that if the vendor is alerted to the fraud, the shipment can be cancelled. This reduces the risk and provides an extra level of difficulty for the fraudster.
Next is proof of shipment of bitcoin versus a physical product. It starts with the fact that when a company claims a user bought bitcoin, that it has few ways to prove this in the court of law. You can show the debit card was used, but how to prove it was done by the user and not someone who stole the card? This indeed is quite difficult. Thus when a fraudulent user charges back the transaction and says they didn't buy it, they now have the bitcoin and their money back, and the vendor is out of luck.
With gold, this isn't as much of a problem. For one, a shipping address must be posted. One thing that can be done is that the vendor requires the address to be similar to the address linked to the payment card. But even if not, this still provides an avenue for authorities to find out who did receive the package, either the fraudulent user or someone who stole the card. A policy of 'no post-office boxes' is very common, so that the gold can only be shipped to an actual home registered to an actual person, and not some anonymous post box. This goes a long way to prevent fraud, or catch a fraudster.
And secondly, there's the proof of shipment. Not sure what the system is in the US, priority mail, secured shipping, registered mail? In any case, this shipment requires the recipient to show their ID and sign it off to the delivery man. This way, only the person linked to the payment card can receive the package. Not used for a shipment of a pizza, always used for a shipment of precious metals. This way, there is no way anyone but the rightful owner of the payment card can receive the package, as ID must be shown, and increasingly common is that the delivery man requires a 5 cent payment with the same card as was used for the purchase, to prove ownership of that card.
None of this applies to bitcoin as there is no shipping or identity verification involved. This is what exchanges do, they verify your identity and your bank account linked to your identity, then whenever someone sends money from that bank to the exchange, they have the proof to show that this wasn't done by a hacker. Some companies like Circle also allow you to verify your identity and link your card and verify it say with a small payment up to $50, and then let you buy up to $1k the month after when it's sure the card wasn't stolen.
Of course, any company could sell bitcoin vouchers. i.e., instead of sending bitcoin to your wallet, they sent a registered mail with a bitcoin voucher to your home, and require you to show ID + the payment card to the delivery man. Then you can use that voucher online and redeem your bitcoin. This way the vendor can go to the court with proof (the registered mail signature from the post company) to show the chargeback was fraudulent if the user charges back his money after. But no company really does that as it's a bit of a hassle and counterintuitive to a digital currency. 
So in short, some companies allow it but up to small amounts of money because the risk is high, because it's not easy to verify the ownership of a card. And that's the problem. A user who charges back money saying it wasn't him does not fly with gold, because the vendor can show that the package was sent to that person and only that person could receive the package with his ID+card, thus proving that person did buy the gold and that it's not some thief who stole his card and bought the gold with his money. But with bitcoin that proof isn't as easy to do thus most companies haven't risked trying it, but Circle has for example.
And lastly, cards are expensive. Vendors pay about 1-3% for a payment. That's okay when you heat up and sell a $2 frozen pizza for $10 and pay the card company 30c. But when you sell X amount of value (e.g. $1k of gold or $1k of bitcoin), the user expects to pay that much. But if the user buys $1k of bitcoin and it costs you $30 to process that debit transaction, you'll charge at least $1030, and that isn't popular with consumers, which is why most usage ends up around exchanges that you send cheap ACH transactions to (that usually just cost a flat 25c). This is why this debit card stuff isn't something that many companies try, as it's expensive and therefore the demand is always going to be somewhat limited. Gold I guess can get away with fronting this fee because the number of people who sell their gold for shitty low prices and buy gold for ridiculously high prices is really really bad. It's the reason every city has a ton of 'WE BUY GOLD' stores. I don't mind fronting 3% when I buy n sell gold with a 15% spread. Considering bitcoin is so fungible (no different karats and stuff) and prices are transparent online, you can't get away with selling overpriced coins, so business naturally flows to cheap payment systems like cheap ACH-funded exchange accounts, rather than expensive card-based trades.
@_date: 2014-06-27 13:16:11
You can make a brain wallet from a random or non random source. It's not at all a way to avoid broken RNGs. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:54:02
No, this is not how finance works. For example, if you build a $1 billion dollar factory, and in the first year you produce 100 cars for $10k each, the cost of each car is not 10.01 million dollars, it's $10k. If it was 10.01 million dollars, it would be an unprofitable car.
In other words, if someone calls you up and says he wants to buy a car, you quote him a production cost of $10k. You don't tell him the car costs over 10 million to produce, because that's not the cost of producing that one car.
Similarly, if a business asks the bitcoin foundation for advice &amp; information and asks what is the cost of 1 transaction, you don't quote him $30-40, you quote him 10 cents. Because that's the cost of a transaction.
Yes I understand what you're saying, but this is simply not how finance works. We don't mix fixed and variable and marginal costs all in one. Yes, it's an interesting metric, that's not what I'm trying to deny here. I'm saying that the terminology for this metric is not a 'per transaction cost' because that's not the correct semantics. And semantics really matters, a lot. We saw the Swiss Bank UBS say bitcoin has 4% transaction fees comparable to creditcards because it didn't understand the difference.
For example, the US dollar has 2.45% average inflation rates in the past 20 years. That doesn't mean that we start including them as transaction costs. It's just not the right terminology.
Yes, important metric, but it's not a 'per transaction' cost because it's a cost regardless if there's 0 or 1 billion transactions. It's simply the cost of inflation, and it's set to drop below 0.1% in less than one generation.
@_date: 2014-05-05 08:35:13
Read that 'article' as 'speculation dropped since December'. No shit.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:38:55
Consider this, when he disappeared, do you think he never touched bitcoin again?
I doubt it. I think the odds are, after he left, that he continued mining or bought another $1k or something and still owns some of those now worth millions, and cashed out some of those. 
So I think one, he lives in ample wealth already, completely anonymously. On top of a decent salary he undoubtedly already could get given his capacity.
I don't think, looking at the fact that he's likely an academic, looking at his writing, the inspiration for his invention, that he's interested in being a billionaire, especially not at the likely price of his privacy. As anyone trying to cash out those bitcoins will immediately be known. Everyone has their eyes on that part of the public blockchain.
And lastly, he would jeopardize and undermine the trust and decentral nature of his own invention if it turns out the creator walked away with tons of money. I think for an academic, an engineer, someone who carries hints of certain political leanings, is unlikely to trade a wealthy private life with an amazing invention, for a life with more wealth than can ever be spent, in the public eye, scorned for creating something great and then harming it in such a way.
Of course, there is no guarantee. Perhaps Satoshi might one day destroy his bitcoins by sending them to a made up address nobody will ever be able to generate to key to (e.g. with the word 'satoshihasnomorecoins'), and guarantee it like that. But I doubt those coins will ever move otherwise.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:01:22
That's not a fact. If you want to buy $100 worth of bitcoin, the price per bitcoin is completely irrelevant, you simply buy $100 worth of bitcoin, whether that's 0.1 or 10 or 100 bitcoins.
There's some psychological notion that buying 0.1 bitcoin isn't worth much, but that goes both ways. In the same way buying 1 million dogecoin doesn't feel like it's worth much as everyone has shittons of dogecoin. 
Don't forget, a kilo of gold is 40k. A pound is about half that. This doesn't scare anyone away from gold, if they buy $100 of gold, they get $100 of gold, it's not 'expensive', it's *the price*.
Lastly, I agree, volatility is not good for bitcoin. I'd prefer a slow rise.
@_date: 2014-05-21 10:43:08
Great news, although I do hope they'll switch to a different metric one day. Mike Hearn's presentation detailing the flat line of monthly-active users for blockchain.info's android app tells a different story to the 10% monthly growth (like Coinbase)
Still, it's good to see, but I'm really curious as to how many active users there are, and Coinbase undoubtedly has those metrics internally, there's not a chance they don't track this.
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:04:37
CHOO CHOOOOO MF! The tipping train is on the way!
@_date: 2014-07-13 17:34:00
No they built and designed and intended to be a hosted wallet with a broker's function to buy/sell on the consumer side. The fact that it's not working as intended is a problem, it's definitely intended to be a wallet, too.
@_date: 2014-04-05 22:04:01
Inflation is a cost. Look it up if you don't believe me. And it's offset for individuals holding bitcoin in most periods due to orders of magnitude larger demand growth. But it's still a cost. Just because something grows in value or is profitable doesn't mean there's no costs, I'm sure you'll agree.
But just because it's a cost, doesn't mean you can divide it by the amount of transactions and call it a 'per transaction cost'. After all, regardless of if few or many transactions are made, the inflation costs are the same, there is no correlation with transactions.
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:27:43
Yes and the Internet speeds were hard capped both by hardware and business choices to be a few bytes per second decades ago, and you couldn't make a phone call and be on the internet at the same time.
Things change. Bitcoin is software, it's a protocol. To change bitcoin's cap requires literally 10 minutes of time to change a few lines of code. Afterwards, all miners have to accept it. If they don't, their bitcoins are worthless because it can never scale beyond 1/150th of Visa's current size. As such, they are incentivized to switch over. Raising it to 2mb very easy. Raising it by 100x is less trivial, but absolutely doable. This is a known, acknowledged and understood challenge that all core developers and large investors think can be overcome in due time. 
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:20:05
It's a bit like email.
Create an address 'collegegirl27' and send your friends an email, they won't know it's you. Use that email to register at a fetish porn website, they don't know it's you.
Use that email address to send a bomb threat to your college because you didn't study for your exam? Police asks your email provider for your IP, they go to your ISP and say 'who's this IP', they get your name and you're in trouble.
That's the basic idea. Pseudonymous means you've got privacy, but if someone (like the authorities) really put in effort to find out who you are, you're not anonymous. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 10:52:08
Ask him if you can bone his girlfriend cause he got to her first.
I mean, his reasoning is pretty ridiculous. 
Look, if you're really awesome friends and you're a bitcoin millionaire, I'd personally definitely share (not by giving away money directly, but rather financing important stuff like paying off part of a mortgage). But if not, just tell him to fuck off lol.
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:40:19
I think he not only doesn't want the keys but he doesn't have them anymore.
It's highly likely Satoshi continued mining after mining under his pseudonym, and thus has more bitcoins than the 5% which are not tied to his pseudonym. This means he's likely quite rich, rich enough to sustain a decent quality of life anywhere he'd like. Also, he doesn't seem to be the kind interested in fancy cars or golddigging women (if he is a man at all). And certainly, odds are a man of his caliber probably has no need for money in the first place, it's likely he's an academic with a decent wage.
So he has two options. 
One, keep the bitcoin he likely mined after 'disappearing', keep his salary which is likely more than sufficient given his skills, and live in a manner we expect of the type of person he likely is (an academic rather than materialistic interest in money) and live his life in peace.
Or two, use some of the 5% of the bitcoins, opening up extra vectors allowing him to be identified. Make him a target of criminals. Exposing himself to the vultures in media. Damaging bitcoin's credibility by creating new arguments against it (it's creator holds 5% of the world's bitcoin money, corruption, excess, inequality, sort of 'pre' mining etc).
In short, I doubt Satoshi will ever, ever move those 5% of coins we know he mined. Perhaps if bitcoin is extremely established, 20% of all creditcard/paypal volume combined and worth a trillion dollars (100x current size), that he would choose to start to give small amounts to something like doctors without borders. At that point he would not only be seen as a hero for the invention (which today wouldn't be the case), but it'd also be an act which, combined, would turn him into one of the big positive figures in human history. But not in the stage of adoption would he risk messing with (the image of) bitcoin, money he doesn't need or his image/legacy.
@_date: 2014-06-27 19:31:30
You still haven't answered my question that I didn't even ask you :P I'm wondering where the 40% fees come from. I assume they pay 3-5% or so in creditcard costs, the other 40% (or the $50% in your MFC cam model example) likely has very little to do with payments or bitcoin. That's why I think it's misleading to put those numbers out there as if bitcoin alone is going to let you save 40-50% of revenue.
@_date: 2014-07-07 18:38:08
Just BIP38 it. Doesn't matter where your private key goes as long as it's encrypted.
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:22:35
Haha check out assassination markets for an extreme version of that. Scary stuff.
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:03:13
lol... post the ATM video already. How can you for god's sake say you'll comfortably ship in a month, or ship in a day, or hell, shipped days ago or months ago on your self-imposed deadline, but not be able to point your phone at the thing you're shipping, press a button to take a 10s vid and upload it... I mean, that's reasonable when people gave you a shit ton of money for this apparently.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:04:36
It's not necessarily that bitcoin is liked better because it's not centralized, and therefore succeeds. It's more that because it's decentralized, it can allow things that would otherwise not be possible, and therefore it succeeds.
So this world in which tens of thousands of people can be their own paypal without permission, without licenses, without the involvement of banks or governments, that's something that can drive massive innovation and competition keeping costs low and creating lots of cool possibilities.
Contrast it with the internet for example. Imagine there were centralized content providers, it'd be horrible. It's not that people 'like' the decentralized internet, but that this model means every computer can broadcast and receive information from every other computer in the world, and that this model is what creates the richness and diversity of the internet as we know it today. 
So there's this fundamental notion that a decentralized model leads to better things. And these things it produces are liked more, not the model itself.
Time will tell how that works out! :)
Of course besides this there's lots of other small things, like cost efficiencies versus credit cards. You mentioned anonimity, rather it's privacy. If you want to buy digital goods like porn, you don't need shipping information. But even if you do supply shipping information, that doesn't allow anyone to do anything if they get it, they can get that from the phone book. The point is that a creditcard is a piece of plastic with the password to your money vault and every time you pay you give this password and tell them 'take x amount, but no more please'. And time and time again, either more than x is taken, or they store this info and get hacked and your password is out there, and anyone who has it can take whatever amount they want, or impersonate you because CCs are used as ID verification. Just read about Target's creditcard hack, or read about tons of stories where CC details are used to compromise accounts.
Here you can read one such scary story: 
@_date: 2014-05-08 12:07:25
@_date: 2014-08-09 16:31:28
It's exponential.
@_date: 2014-06-23 14:01:21
Problem is it requires a central party and that's tricky when it involves money. It'd be very easy for this shortener party to change the link to something else and steal money that way. 
But we'll see loads of abstractions for payments.
For example, you can send bitcoin to a facebook user, an email address, a twitter user, or to a reddit user, here you go 1 upvote Things like this
will probably become popular. And of course, instead of your address you can simply put up a button that automatically opens the address in a bitcoin wallet instead.
In short there's lots of ways, but taking 987aus8dhasd987ytasdgh and turning it into half the size probably isn't very interesting or secure.
@_date: 2014-12-07 07:59:01
I could tell you a million funny bitcoin jokes that would be better suited to draw attention to that fact than this disgusting tweet. You're giving him way too much credit.
As for the actual point... I wouldn't say that this affects their actual security. This guy is a computer science PhD, it's not like he's a complete moron. It's a bit like a guy with a Master's in business administration still gets fooled to buy a pack of 2 razors for $0.99 over a pack of 3 razors for $1.25. Doesn't disqualify their business sense. Hope you get my point here. What they do with their twitter account doesn't affect, in my opinion, their ability to come up with elegant computer science whitepapers to solve CS problems, which may be a big part of their work at Ethereum.
(btw not personally excited about Ethereum at all. Just saying this doesn't make it any worse for me)
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:24:03
Sure. 
But would you agree that, the fact (or assumption, rather), that virtual currencies were very unlikely to have been part of this API a few years ago, and that it's likely that the advent of bitcoin caused developers to take virtual currencies in account today, instead of just (virtual) fiat currencies, is not insignificant?
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:44:11
Yes! Especially next to regular vending machines, and undercut their price by a little bit and make them bitcoin only. :D
I hope they're going to put massive effort in getting the restaurants, cafes etc on campus to accept bitcoin with a tiny discount. You'd get an immediate ecosystem.
The main thing here though that pops up is 'how can we make this sustainable?'. It's pretty easy to just blow $100 in a month on food and drinks and afterwards you're out of bitcoin, while the restaurant just cashes out the bitcoins at a global exchange. It'd be great if there'd be a product or service that'd keep the circle alive. Like a student tutoring service where students earn bitcoin from other students.
@_date: 2014-04-06 00:20:30
No, we currently average about 0.7 tps, we can do about 7 tps. It's also relatively easy to increase the block size by a few megabytes without making any other large changes or running into huge problems if necessary, allowing scale of 20-30 our current daily average with only 2 or 3MB blocks. For the long run, a more elegant and comprehensive solution is in the works.
@_date: 2014-07-18 08:56:02
How so? 
You can have different kinds of regulation, nobody asked for this kind. 
But if you required Mt. Gox to have multi-sig storage (by law), then their bank could've said 'oh you don't have that, so we won't give you a bank account' and then Mt. Gox would've been some tiny company. That's a much more interesting piece of regulation that might be very beneficial.
Nobody said 'regulation is good'. Most companies said we need regulatory clarity. There's a difference. And a lot of users are clearly in need of protection, look at Mt. Gox or the mining company scandals, and while I'm not certain regulation is the answer, it's definitely not a clear-cut like this.
@_date: 2014-08-04 14:56:41
You basically have block headers and then you just download the relevant blocks. And then there's other apps that are just connected to an API like 
How these apps communicate really depends. Could be encrypted, could not be. In any case it doesn't really matter too much for privacy. For example I could have my wallet check your address, or any address, it doesn't mean it's my address just because I get the information. And with the address one can't get a private key. And it's not public information, it's information that's sent from app to app, and you could reroute this any way you'd want. And plenty of apps run over things like SSL anyway, like Coinbase's wallet.
So in short, yes, but, it depends, and often, no.
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:01:49
My bad, thought the rate was referring to Coinbase's merchant rate. But indeed, it'd still be a better rate than selling on (the Coinbase) an exchange. Although... Coinbase technically isn't an exchange.
Anyway we're talking a difference of 0.18%, and that's just a snapshot which might've been the other way around a minute later, which, given bitcoin's volatility, isn't that big of a deal. Indeed, factoring in the 1% Coinbase fee or the 0.2% - 1% fee on an exchange, the fiat withdrawal fee, the waiting times etc... I think Bitpay's claim that it's better than selling on an exchange is pretty fair :)
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:55:43
Agreed. Half a billion dollars is really insane.
We musn't forget that all Mt. Gox was supposed to do is be a market maker. That means they don't participate in the exchange, it means they don't do fractional reserve. It means all they do is process fiat secured by a bank, process coin held in cold storage, and facilitate trades between two parties.
Unless their bank account was seized or their cold storage was actually hot or they paid employee salaries of $50 million per year, there's no way you can lose 0.5 billion dollars. Unless they lost their keys to the cold storage. But I think it may be likely that their cold storage was actually hot and compromised.
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:56:43
Check out the quantity theory of money, it explains valuation of currency.
Basically if you have a currency of say 1m tokens (e.g. shells, bottlecaps, dollar bills, coins w/e) and each token is worth say  then there's a 'market cap' (technically incorrect term but whatever) of  of that currency.
This example currency is in # instead of say $-dollars, right.
Now, say someone wants to sell a large office building for  of that currency. There's not enough currency in the world to make that transaction happen, there's only  Perhaps you can already see, it's just simple supply/demand. The demand for that currency (to make the trade happen) is bigger than the supply, so the price goes up, or in other words, the value of the currency goes up. If the currency tenfolds in value, you now only need 0.5m tokens to buy the office space.
Bitcoin is essentially the same. If you have a limited amount of tokens but the amount of trade rises, then to support that trade, you either need an increasing velocity of money, or you need an increasing value of money.
As the velocity of money is generally a pretty stable factor, the value of money will fluctuate. This is why if you increase the amount of tokens, the value of money drops (inflation of money supply causes prices to inflate, or in other words, money becomes less valuable and thus are prices denominated in that currency going up). This is why most currencies depreciate over time in value because more are being printed every year.
So, because bitcoin is limited in supply, it follows that if trade rises, that the price must follow. So in the end its up to adoption. If more people adopt it, the price will rise. 
Whether that will happen is another discussion. For me it's clear. A digital, borderless, cheap to transfer, quick to move, easy to store, easy to carry, open to anyone without need of a bank account or residence or ID, a currency that is universal and tied to no country and open to anyone, has many reasons to win in a world which is becoming more and more digital. So I do indeed think that adoption rises.
If you posit that bitcoin's fair value today is say $500 (or hell, even $100 or even $10) and we know that there are 1m users who on average use bitcoin maybe once a month or once a week at best... then it's easy to see why 100m or 1 billion people who use bitcoin every day will cause trade to rise by 1k-10k times in say 1-2 decades from now. Given the quantity theory of money, the price will have to increase to support those levels of trade. That's why people think $5k is very realistic, and some even talk about a bitcoin being worth $1m (which I think is extremely optimistic, I'm personally expecting something between $10 and $50k in a 10-20 year timeframe because the velocity of money can increase by a lot versus today, too). Of course it's not easy to scale up that far, but it's certainly possible.
So yeah look into the quantity theory of money.
@_date: 2014-07-12 10:54:41
But... if my username is X if I'd enter X+Company wouldn't that just be the wrong email address, i.e. you'd never get any email?
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:01:25
One can think of it that way, but it doesn't really work that way.
First of all, there is a completely decentralized, distributed option available, and that is to simply wait for the network to confirm. That's what the protocol allows at the lowest level and I think that's fine.
This is about the best we can do, given the notion of instantly notifying everyone in the world of a certain transaction is virtually impossible. 
Given this limitation, 10 minutes is okay. And if it's not, you can either pay a little bit extra (0.5%) to compensate for the fraud rate you're burdening the merchant with if you ask him to accept an unconfirmed payment. That's not centralized either, just a market solution.
And finally, indeed there are centralized solutions, but the difference is that the protocol can work without them, which limits the power, risk of corruption etc. And there can be many centralized parties (this is actually exactly what decentralisation means. Check out this image:  This is pretty much how the internet works and how it's very difficult to corrupt or censor it. So actually these are decentralized solutions, which isn't as great as distributed (e.g. bitcoin protocol) solutions, but it's not actually centralized. (to the extent e.g. creditcards are which allows things like Wikileaks donation prevention).
@_date: 2014-10-09 01:27:46
woot! Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:55:59
Just wondering from a large retailer, how much on average do you spend on payment fees (e.g. to CCs) as a percentage of sales.
Also, if you'd have to estimate chargeback costs, how much as a percentage of sales would you estimate chargebacks cost?
It's these two things that makes a lot of sense for bitcoin as a pure utility, but I've never actually heard exact figures from an actual company. Would very much appreciate an answer, precise or estimated.
Thanks a lot!
@_date: 2014-04-27 19:15:27
Thanks for informing us on this issue. Please note there's no legal transaction between a merchant and a user when a payment processor is made. A Dutch lawyer actually evaded legal issues by using a payment processor. (it's illegal to pay a lawyer in kind in the Netherlands). He said it's like it's illegal to pay a lawyer with a car. But it's perfectly legal to go to the car dealer across the street, sell the car and then pay in fiat. As such he's currently legally, as a lawyer (one of the Netherlands' best, by the way), accepting payments in bitcoin indirectly.
I'd urge you to look into whether this legal foundation holds true in your jurisdiction, too. Perhaps speak with a lawyer, ask for the community to fund the legal advice. 
And I wouldn't just speak about the legality of indirectly using bitcoin (where the merchant actually gets paid in fiat), but also about the illegality of barter trade in the first place. I'd say it's extremely strange for a state to ban barter trade, I haven't ever heard of this happen anywhere. The mere statement that it's illegal for one individual to trade a pack of beer for another item, say a pack of soda, seems quite ridiculous and I'd be surprised it'd hold up in the court of law.
Hope to hear a follow up!
And I'd love if you could ask for some references either in written legislation or in previous rulings in relevant cases. Without either of these two, there's no legal basis to claim illegality of barter trade or illegality of indirect payment in fiat. Could you request this?
Best wishes!
@_date: 2014-05-19 12:52:06
Probably not! I guess very simple ones could be made pretty easily. 
For example, you could probably take an engineer and give him 6 months, and he'd be able to build a program that buys hosting with bitcoin (possible already), then installs advertising and gets paid out in bitcoin (possible already), and then offers some service (e.g. a tiny bitcoin faucet that pays out a fraction of the daily advertising revenue in bitcoin. (already possible).
Then you can program some thresholds where the program buys new domains and hosting once it accumulates enough money, thereby growing as a company. Although this part might be hard to automate at this point, but the payment-element is easy to do now with bitcoin as you can buy domains and hosting with it.
I doubt this example would be profitable, by the way. And honestly I doubt we'll see truly DACs anytime soon. But we'll probably see semi-autonomous organisations soon. (e.g. a human manages a car company and buys new cars and installs them with software and repairs them if there is an accident and takes care of insurance etc, but the car itself would drive completely autonomously and act as a taxi-service and drive to a fuel station to recharge the batteries)
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:36:37


Absolutely. Cex.io and Ghash are well-marketed companies, they were the first I looked into when I started with bitcoin after a price-hype reintroduced me to bitcoin. But I did some extensive googling (nothing fancy, just going through forum topics) and found some bad stories, then learned about difficulty etc and ran the numbers myself on their own cex calculator and it just didn't add up. But yes, at first I thought 'mining = way to profit off of bitcoin', and 'cloud mining = mining profit without hardware hassle'. That could actually be true, but the GH at cex.io are way too expensive to make this profitable.


As far as I understood it, cex.io is a bitcoin-based business. That is, you pay bitcoin for GH and you get bitcoin back. Given on average you get less bitcoin than you pay, I don't think it's a very popular way to obtain bitcoin without leaving a paper (fiat) trail.
@_date: 2014-10-09 19:37:23
The issues with divisibility is a perfect example of one of the reasons why gold isn't used as a currency.
You may not care, but trust me, others do. And it gets only worse. Again, if bitcoin becomes very popular, we'll see a 100x increase in price, and you'll pay 0.00001 for a coffee instead of '20' or whatever, It's just silly.
@_date: 2014-05-28 13:46:52
Here's your Bitpay employee saying it.
@_date: 2014-11-08 00:09:14
1 upvote!
@_date: 2014-12-07 15:45:58
Calling for the lynching of somebody is considered hate speech in most countries and in France that's prohibited.
France prohibits by its penal code and by its press laws public and private communication which is defamatory or insulting, or which incites discrimination, hatred, or violence against a person or a group of persons on account of place of origin, ethnicity or lack thereof, nationality, race, specific religion, sex, sexual orientation, or handicap. 
Not sure to what extent it would be enforced on a twitter account. But yeah, for example if you do something like holocaust denial (not inciting violence, but saying violence didn't happen half a century ago) in France, and you're well known enough for it to be documented and for someone to care, you're in trouble! It's a bit of a strange country like that. Same now for things like demands for censoring hate speech against homosexuals on twitter by Belkacem-Vallaud. All of these things are quite honorable (done with the right intentions), but also quite ridiculous imo. (bad practice, I've got a bit of a Glenn Greenwald type of outlook on things like this)
@_date: 2014-10-17 09:23:59
Your your/you're confused me a couple times for a second.
Anyway, nice post. We've had this discussion a couple of times. 
I think it's exacerbated by this seemingly unprecedented libertarian, anti-government, anti-bank, anti-nsa sentiment with is a hot issue when trying to reinvent a financial system on a decentralized peer-to-peer basis. 
I've not really seen any hostility beyond this one issue around which all combative debate revolves.
And I do think it turns people away and 'censors' by fear. i.e., people are afraid to suggest or opine on anything that has a hint of not being radically libertarian, for fear of 'if you're not with us, you're against us' type of backlash from the community. I really believe it's a genuine issue in our developer ecosystem. It's okay if the community ends up rejecting any idea (especially those that keep getting repeated after being rejected), it's not okay if people stop considering genuinely new ideas and people fear to propose them because they don't fit the sentiment of the day. We'd all still be living in caves under such conditions.
Thanks for this thread!
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:30:45
Well, first of all a lot of Coinbase volume is just brokerage. i.e. customer buys bitcoin, Coinbase takes his money and buys it from Bitstamp. Counting Coinbase + Bitstamp volume would be counting it twice, Coinbase is just a middleman, a broker.
Secondly, Coinbase's wallets are mostly on-chain. Always for a non-coinbase merchant, obviously, and only for very small transactions does Coinbase do off-chain transactions (because a paying 10 cents for a btc tx on the blockchain for a $1 purchase makes little sense).
Now I've heard before that about half of Coinbase buys/sells are settled internally, so I agree, there is still significant unique volume and Coinbase in that regard does act as an exchange. But it's sensitive competitive information for them, I can imagine they wouldn't want to disclose it.
But I agree, it'd be nice. Ideally for me, they'd be radically transparent as startups often try to do radical things... create a dashboard and put up a 7-day updated chart for exchange volume, wallets, 30d active wallets, merchants, wallet volume, and if you're crazy, add merchant sales to it. But I can easily imagine not doing that myself as a CEO. But yeah that'd be awesome.
Until then check out bitcoinpulse.com. Quite a decent overview if you dig down a bit and check the sources.
@_date: 2014-06-19 21:58:27
Agreed, their volume isn't that big. They processed 100k bitcoins when it was still worth very little. I'd say at the current high prices they've processed maybe 10k coins (maybe $5m - $10m) at a margin of perhaps 5% is $0.25m - 0.5m or so. 
Indeed as you say, they hold hundreds of bitcoins at any one time and lose a lot if the price drops, and holding is probably a better idea.
If you then figure they're 4 people and have been doing this for maybe 2 years or more... the best case scenario is probably about $60k per person per year without figuring in the fluctuations lately.
So I wouldn't say they're rich at all because of the company. If they are, indeed it's simply because of buying low regardless of running an exchange.
But the company has a lot of equity, if bitcoin takes off and they can grab 50% of the Dutch exchange market, they can easily sell in 5 years and never have to work a day in their lives again. But again, if you buy $50k bitcoin and bitcoin takes off, in 5-10 years that's probably true, too. Bitcoin only has 1m users who aren't very active, so if you can get 20% of Europe and 20% of the US to use bitcoin semi-actively, you can easily scale by a few hundred in usage and price.
@_date: 2014-09-29 21:25:56
It's not true though.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:36:24
It's not infinitely divisible, 'only' up to 8 decimals. Or in other words, like a dollar has 100 cents, 1 bitcoin has 100 million cents, and we call these cents satoshis usually.
Banks could adopt bitcoin, but not yet. Bitcoin has a 7 transaction per second limit and currently only does about 10% of that limit. Visa does about 2.5k transactions per second (tps). Mastercard about half of that and so on. And that's just creditcards, if you factor in debit (much higher than creditcards in many countries) and lots of merchant &amp; interbanking type transactions, the bitcoin protocol has to scale by several orders of magnitude.
And that's just the problem of transaction limits to scaleability. And scaleability isn't even the only issue here. There are quite a few other obstacles. Bitcoin can overcome then, but it takes time. 
In short, neither the protocol nor the ecosystem is mature enough.
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:06:17
ok then... and facebook is just a place with people's names and pictures... twitter is just a public list of short SMS messages no more interesting than a blog... google just allows you to type in words and get some information like a library computer. 
An insured bitcoin wallet that allows instant buying and selling of bitcoin, and spending of bitcoin anywhere, completely for free and instant and insured... That's something the world has literally never seen before. If that doesn't interest you then I doubt any bitcoin company really does.
Guess we just disagree that's alright.
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:44:42
Eh? It's got 9 points and obviously people think it's true, when it's actually not. It's misinformation. Misinformation doesn't contribute to the discussion at all, until it's rectified, but then the rectification contributes to the discussion, not the misinformation, which never contributes except to spark a potential truthful discussion. But then you're better off just asking a question, rather than implying something wrong and hoping someone corrects you. A useful post would be if he said 'and circle doesn't have a buy or sell spread!' or 'does circle have a spread?', both would be fine, one true, the other an honest question. 
For anyone wondering: Circle has no difference in their buy or sell price, and they've explicitly denied having a spread, too. 
They may have a tiny difference in price from other exchanges temporarily (which is logical, you can't realistically match tens or hundreds or thousands of different parties who each offer prices that differ a few pennies from one another at the same time, because matching one would logically mean mismatching the other), but not intentionally so as a way to profit.
So you won't find any algorithm that keeps that price at say 1% above or 1% below e.g. Coinbase or Bitstamp.
The reason is quite simple, because it'd be stupid. Say they offered a 1% premium on bitcoin, because their buy/sell price is the same (which is their claim, can be and has been verified on their platform), that means anyone can buy bitcoin at Bitstamp and sell it for 1% more at Circle. Circle then sells bitcoins to its customer and pays 1% extra. A short time later Circle runs out of cash and goes bankrupt.
Now the other way around, let's say Circle offered bitcoin at a 1% discount. People would go to Circle, buy bitcoin and sell it at Bitstamp. Circle would run out of coins and would replenish them for the full price by buying them from an exchange. Over time Circle loses 1% on every trade and goes bankrupt. In short, any profit Circle could have from running a spread could be exploited to bankrupt them.
Point is, you can't run a spread from other exchanges while charging 0 fees and having 0 difference in your buy/sell price with 0 transaction costs in or out. You're literally just giving away money in an easy arbitrage opportunity. 
Anyone who thinks they run a spread is 1) saying Circle is lying and 2) thinks Circle is extremely stupid and soon bankrupt and 3) is ignoring the consequence of their conclusion which is that Circle would be giving them free money if their conclusion were true.
To date nobody has done this, nobody has verified the spread on the platform, nobody has shown any evidence, and nobody has even conceived of any theoretical scenario in which this would be possible.
In short, it's simply not true. But I'd be happy to hear otherwise. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:02:33
@_date: 2014-12-21 11:55:31
For everyone saying 'but nobody had to pay for that, so it's all good'. You're deluding yourself. 
Just consider for a moment the following question: where does MasterCard get the money that they give you, when someone steals from you?
There are many different sources of revenue. Maybe they charge the merchant. Maybe they ask their insurer to pay for it. Or one of a million other ways. But at the end of the day, that merchant is going to put that cost in the price, and that insurance agency will charge Mastercard who will charge a merchant who will put it in a price. 
And YOU are paying that price. Whether it's through your bank account (~$200 a year, see  or because merchants raise prices.
In short, when MasterCard is able to pay back all of the 45% of people or whatever percentage it may be who had their money stolen, it means that MasterCard is averaging out those costs to all 100% of customers and charging them (directly, or indirectly through increased merchant prices) at least the cost of theft.
This is fine. I'm all for spreading individual losses to voluntarily participating individuals of whatever system they participate in. A good example is healthcare insurance.
The problem however is that BY DESIGN, creditcards are not secure. As by design, everytime you make a payment, you have to give up the entire password to your entire money vault linked to that card. It's insane. So we're insuring for theft a system that is unsecure by design.
Instead of creating a better system we try to put band-aids on it like insurance, so that nobody has to pay for theft individually. Of course everyone still pays, because the individual theft is just paid for by MasterCard, who then charges everyone a little bit to stay profitable. They're not paying you back for theft for free. And I'll be the first one to say, this is a better system than individuals having to pay for individual theft.
But an even better system is a more secure way to do payments by design. And you won't get there with plastic cards with a password written on them designed for in-person payments in the 1940s.
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:44:36
The weird thing for me is that throughout March/April, there was a toooon of good news and very little bad news, and the price just didn't go up. There were new companies and investments left and right, partnerships and conferences, lots of media attention in a more positive light, growing adoption, new merchants, new exchanges, lots of extra ATMs etc etc. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 13:21:43
It's interesting that he keeps bringing up 'security guards' and stuff like that. Apparently employees were stealing data, people entered the office and stole things. What a story that would be if the bitcoins were stolen in an actual physical theft.
kinda bs on 'didn't hire enough people, not enough money'. They hired 30 people, that's plenty. Could've easily paid 1 manager, like a chief of operations, to actually run the place. They processed &gt; $1 billion a year. Could've easily gotten a bank loan (wasn't necessary, they had cashflow to pay 30 people). Could've easily raised $10m. They had a 3-year business that grew fast and had hundreds of thousands of customers and millions of dollars of revenue. Circle got $25m without a prototype. They could've easily raised money.
So that's bs.
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:01:41
I've personally not seen evidence that there's malice involved. It's open-source on github as far as I know, people can check if the code makes any networking calls and if the source of the keys is actually random. I haven't verified this myself.
In any case I think it's important for the community to be transparent about these incidents. Regardless of whether it's a phishing site, obviously it doesn't always work even when people take the right steps. i.e. if there's a button that says 'random' and it's not really random, regardless of whether it's a phishing attempt, that's a game breaking bug, that's insecure, that's not something we should condone. So I'm all for putting public warning signs up for this thing for one, e.g. in the sidebar. As for reporting it as a phishing attempt, someone would really have to review the code for that properly, it's on github.
@_date: 2014-08-01 14:42:20
Offended, not really... but some friends who throw praise on me about intelligence, being up to date on worldly events etc, have literally had a facial expression of disgust/weirdness, like I just told them I fantasize about my mom sexually or something, that type of face. They'd ask me what I'm interested in and I'll say 'lately been doing a lot of reading on bitcoin', and they'll go 'what, did you say bitcoin?' while having this face, and then end that convo with 'ok...' or 'oh'. 
I guess it's just the shitton of media attention around silk road. If Marc Andreessen says it's the shit, it'll get covered on hackernews, which is awesome, but thinly read among the general population. And most people haven't even a clue who he is, how influential he is in the space, and how he is uniquely qualified to talk about it (e.g. because he was one of the people who shaped the early web, including working on the problem of a native payment system on the web). Instead, mostly you'll read that someone who didn't spend a second reading even a synopsis of the white paper, who is not uniquely qualified to speak on a fintech innovation (or anything technical, like warren buffet), who calls it a bubble merely by looking at its price rise (100x in Nov 2012-2013 for example), that's gonna be front-page news, and it's gonna be news from people like buffet or krugman that everyone does know, even if buffet's company was not nearly as influential in everyone's lives as e.g. netscape was, and even if his company (investing in e.g. coca cola &amp; insurance companies) has much less to do with e.g. netscape (which indeed also tried to build a native payment system for the web).
So you take 'bubble' and 'silk road' and then throw in a general inclination of people to think of money as something physical, and people cognitively dismiss it without any alarm going off in their head like 'is there more to it, am I missing something' etc. It's just one of those really easy things to dismiss without feeling anything. It's the equivalent of saying 'the earth is not flat', not in truth, but in terms of the comfort zone such a position holds in people's minds. That's a really hard thing to change because the second a position is in the comfort zone, people have no interest in putting in any effort to challenge that belief, e.g. read a 2 page article on the history of money and how it relates to the digital age. 
So yeah I've literally had noone to discuss it with. Even my brother who owns bitcoin, too, likes it because he trusts my perspective, and a digital payment system makes as much sense to him as digital messaging. But he too will cut me off on any serious discussion beyond 5 minutes as he just doesn't want to bother on the details, he has other interests.
@_date: 2014-03-30 21:42:49
I'm not saying you're wrong, or that a novice couldn't use it, what I'll say though, is that it's ridiculous to imagine this as a mainstream consumer device. It just won't happen. It's crap design. 
I think what we all have to understand is that software/paper wallets are *great*. They can be extremely safe, take an afternoon to set up and you're done for the rest of your life, pretty much. With a bit of work, you can multi-sig a cold storage with multiple backups that can be saved anywhere from your room to a bank vault, with no 1 key being enough to steal your funds, and when encrypted with a decent memorisable password, the odds of theft are lower than getting hit by lightning. 
Hardware wallets aren't here to replace that, or to offer the best security. They're here for user friendliness. Any concept of a hardware wallet that is not focussed on design and user friendliness, just doesn't cut it. Remember how the iPad was so extremely intuitive and easy to use? Tap a browser icon, keyboard pops up, write an url press enter, slide your finger across the screen to read the page. We need that type of design in a hardware wallet. We don't need the cheapest, most functional, most secure device out there. We don't need a small raspberry pi that you can connect to a screen. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:04:58
It's a bit like saying I ordered a new sofa and asking when it arrives. Nobody knows, it depends on who sold you your sofa. We'd need more information. Where did you buy?
But generally there is little reason for a bitcoin purchase to be delayed that much. I can send you bitcoin now and the transaction would be finished a few seconds later and confirmed 10 minutes later. So yeah, probably something went wrong :(
@_date: 2014-04-22 11:55:28
Nope it has pretty much nothing to do with barter :p
@_date: 2014-05-24 22:30:34
Quick piece of info:
Bitpay says it does about $1m to $2m in processing a day.
Bitpay has about the same amount of Merchants as Coinbase.
These two companies probably process at least 90% of all bitcoin payments.
So bitcoin payments are about $5m a day. Trading on exchanges (including ATMs) is generally about 15-20m a day. 
That's it.
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:45:11
Yup, that's pretty crazy... usually you have a bad cop good cop kind of thing. i.e. both reporters know and think the exact same thing, but the one person is ostensibly critical 'isn't xyz a problem?' and then the other can make a comment about how that isn't a problem, and then the other journalist will have to make an obligatory comment about how 'not everyone agrees' and then that's 'fair and balanced' lol. But this time they were all just positive, funny stuff.
@_date: 2014-03-02 12:53:16
Personally never heard that but it's easy to imagine, I wouldn't be surprised.
There are also lots of reports on how millitary leaders at the time did not see the necessity of using the bomb and we continue to see analysis build up that supports this position. Quite sad really.
@_date: 2014-05-09 10:38:53
It's really hard to say, it's also an assumption of mine as I don't have much data to go on. 
But simply looking at the fact Bitpay did a $160m valuation while Coinbase's latest valuation was at $140m, while they both have 30k merchants, is perhaps telling. 
If you were to assume 30k merchants on either side generate roughly the same amount, maybe with a 10-20% difference, but not much more than that. Then you'd guess the valuation would be about the same. If you then add Coinbase's brokerage service of 1.2m users, you'd expect its valuation to be quite a bit higher if it presented a large amount of revenue. But we see a 20m lower valuation than Bitpay.
This is while Coinbase processed $15m in the same month as Bitpay's $5m. And when Bitpay announced 100m processing in the last 2.5 years, Coinbase had done the same amount in the last 6 months. Yet, again it's valuation is $20m less.
So that's possible because its brokerage isn't as big as people think and that while the merchant revenues are pretty substantial, they waved a lot of the fees early on. Let's not forget, it's quite probable something like 25k of their 30k merchants haven't processed $1m in bitcoin yet, which means Coinbase earned nothing on all these companies. 
But again it's hard to say. By the way I'm making a semantic flaw here by saying 'money processed' rather than 'revenue'. As in, I think most money that Coinbase processes is actually merchant payments, but their revenues are probably not very high there because they only keep 1% and only when it's converted and only after the first $1m, so actual revenue is probably in the brokerage service as you say, but I think they process most money on the merchant end. So in the long-run, the merchant side is probably the money-maker. After all, in 5-10 years from now it's likely we won't be buying bitcoin through a broker like Coinbase, we'll get in through our salaries and such.
@_date: 2014-05-06 00:14:11
Still a ridiculously high number and that's not what he said. He said working on, not worked on or any other nuance. 30k programmers working on bitcoin. But really, when you just throw a number out there that consists of 90% 'hobbyist, part-timers who at some point made a bitcoin ticker by querying the bitstamp API, something my mom can do', you might as well not use the number because it's so meaningless.
I agree with his overall point but the number just doesn't make much sense to me. I think it hurts things more than it helps. Anyone who knows a bit about comp sci knows it's probably false and it takes away credibility. Anyone who doesn't know is as impressed with 1000 engineers or 100 thousand engineers, it's just 'a big number'. 
Anyway whatever, it's good to see Mike speak on bitcoin :)
@_date: 2014-04-15 14:26:31
lol, they couldn't let go of using 'coin' in there name 
@_date: 2014-02-27 14:38:09
@_date: 2014-05-08 22:48:37
I kind of expected a higher (200m) valuation. 
Remember Coinbase doing a $140m valuation 5 months ago? Considering Bitpay is a global enterprise, has the largest team of any bitcoin company, a European HQ, and was one of the earliest companies (3y old versus Coinbase's less than 2y), I'd have expected a slightly better valuation. I guess the Coinbase wallet is a big enough thing.
Awesome news :) Wish I could get a small chunk of that investment!
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:48:37
Two things
So far, pretty much everyone always explicitly state they hold 100% of the reserves and don't do fractional reserve banking at all. Even parties who offer leverage (i.e., borrow bitcoin to leverage trading) have implemented this in a way that other users can gain interest by borrowing to other users directly, so 100% of reserves are met. So far nobody has come forward yet to do a different system, and some have done audits to try to prove this, Kraken, Bitstamp and Coinbase have all done audits for example.
Secondly, in the US a money transmitter is by law required to keep 100% of the reserves. So parties like Coinbase or Kraken are legally obligated to do so.
Lastly, not all hosted wallets keep your bitcoin. Blockchain.info does not actually ever take your keys, they never see them. As such they have no reserves and are not a custodian of any reserves.
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:43:16
Then that would suck. 
$125m mistake of Nasa who forgot to change units. It happens and it sucks, no way around it.
Of course, the chances are extremely low it'd happen, chances are it would've already been discovered, especially because it's an open source system. That's why hundreds of millions of dollars have been invested in bitcoin companies, because people trust the math is not wrong. 
But if it's wrong, it'd suck. It'd potentially cause lots of issues and it'd be fixed pretty quick, but a lot of damage could be done. But again, just a really really really small chance. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:34:11
Interesting, I really hope this improves. This guy has no history indeed, and his trade limit is only 2 euros or so, which is probably a mistake. But yeah, enough Moroccans willing to pay a 5% margin to get their money out of the country. Particularly 2nd or even 3rd generation immigrants who were born in Europe but inherited capital in Morocco but prefer to get it out and invest in their lives in Europe, which is impossible due to capital controls. Even a moroccan student on exchange in e.g. Paris can only convert a few hundred euros a month. Without hawala like systems it's not even enough to make it.
I guess the big problem is, how do people obtain bitcoin in Morocco. You'd really need a lot of people to accept it and an influx of investors or tourists or procurers taking bitcoin into the country, without any government insight because I think they'd clamp down on bitcoin like China very quickly. They're very dependent on capital controls that keep their foreign reserves high enough to buy energy abroad.
@_date: 2014-03-15 19:10:55
Metcalfe's law is important, but not very in the world of cryptocurrencies. After all, once you've got bitcoin set up, it's generally trivially easy to process litecoin or any other coin, too. (this goes for exchanges, payment processors, ATMs, merchants and to some extent wallets). So it's actually quite easy to change to a new payment system. What I think is the key 'moat' that protects bitcoin and makes up most of its first mover advantage is network security. A payment system has no valua unless it is secure. and the thing that makes bitcoin secure at the moment are ASICS. You can't easily switch that over because bitcoin-ASICS are bitcoin-only, it requires huge hardware investments to get the same network security, a lot harder than the trivial aspect of accepting a different cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:25:52
He has the burden of proof. You can't call something something without proving that or at least explaining it. 
It's like arguing that a car is not an apple. Where do you start? It's really silly. He needs to start by saying 'a car is an apple because x y z' and then you can refute those claims easily.
So just ask him, what makes you think bitcoin is a scam? Then you'll hear stuff like 'the price goes up so the early adopters benefit and the late don't, that's a ponzi'. But it isn't, that would make every investment (e.g. in Facebook shares), and the very foundation of capitalism  a ponzi. Then he'll say a few other things and you just compare that to the actual workings of a ponzi and show that it isn't it.
It depends on whether he's willing to listen, in short. If he's not looking to listen to the basics of what constitutes a ponzi and how bitcoin doesn't have those characteristics, you can argue in the worst way, which might convince him to listen: would the US have sold bitcoins if they were part of a ponzi scheme (which are, by the way, completely illegal in every state)? Would VCs invest in a ponzi? Would Dish, Expedia, Newegg etc accept payment through a ponzi scheme or hell, want to have ANYTHING to do with one in terms of simply having a press statement mention a ponzi + their brand in the same sentence? Would Wikipedia accept donations in a ponzi scheme? Would MIT support and host students openly giving away shares in a ponzi scheme and encouraging students to build the ponzi ecosystem?
I mean I can go on and on, it's not a good way to argue, but maybe it wakes him up to the fact that the tidbits he read in news headlines months ago are probably either a small part of the story, or a downright wrong part.
@_date: 2014-05-01 09:50:31
What do you mean by 'believe in bitcoin'? 
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:33:01
Indeed, quoting:
We offer our second signature
Which allows us to offer and enforce 2 factor authenticated payments and daily, weekly and monthly limits, rate limiting your transactions per hour, day, week and month and make your payment instant by providing a double spend checks with GreenAddress.it!
@_date: 2014-10-16 11:07:33
When Paypal automatically turns on bitcoin (unless merchants turn it off) when a new merchant signs up, and then sends a mail to all their merchants saying 'starting January 2015, bitcoin will be turned on for all merchants unless they opt-out' through Bitpay, you immediately get 8 million merchants onto BitPay. And they won't have to do a single thing, it's mostly a flip of a switch.
Of course, this won't happen, it's the ideal Utopian scenario, but that's the type of growth. They won't individually contact 1 million businesses. They'll flesh out the partnerships they have with the many payment processors and ecommerce platforms they have and promote bitcoin there, with reminder mails and 'default on, opt-out' mode for new signups. 
That's how you can quickly on-board far many merchants than you can actually talk to.
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:09:01
Cold storage doesn't actually entail any form of security other than it not being (ever) connected to the internet or any network.
So, in simple terms, if you have a password to a money vault (e.g. the password to your Paypal account), and this password was generated on an offline computer, and stored on that computer, and the password never left that computer and that computer never went online, then that password would be in 'cold storage'. The password might be 'ABC', but it'd still be in cold-storage. So anyone trying out passwords will try out ABC and get into your account.
So cold storage isn't inherently secure. All it means is that nobody can hack your computer and steal the keys by e.g. through the internet.
That means if someone wants your key from your storage, they need to physically access it. So if you put that PC in a bank vault, they'd need to rob the bank essentially. That would be very difficult ;) But if you put the PC in your house and tell everyone it's there, it'd be very easy to steal.
The whole 'hacking' part is something entirely different, to be honest. 
Cold storage has nothing to do with encryption or anything. It just means the keys generated and kept offline.
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:15:32
Nope, he's probably just doing the developers (he knows/trusts them) a favor by 'backing' it in this way.
@_date: 2014-06-16 22:02:20
Absolutely it's right to expect them to lower their hashrate by implementing e.g. an fee schedule (up to 30% is 0% fees, between 30 and 40% is 0.5% fees, above 40% is 3% fees, above 50% is 25% fees) where they profit from doing the right thing.
That's what a solution is, that's what taking responsibility &amp; making money looks like.
Does that mean the system is fine as it is? No, I do think we should try to find a different solution. But it doesn't make sense to start a dialogue now. For the past few years they were the only party unwilling to engage in talks , for years they were the only exchange not to take responsibility (other exchanges with high hashrates introduced fees in the past), numerous times have they gotten close to 51% and said they'd take adequate measures, but so far time and time again they never have. And now when they break 51%, they say 'just trust is, we won't actually take measures, but we will start talking with other people, but again, just trust us with the control of your bitcoins in the blockchain we can manipulate whenever we want'. That's silly.
@_date: 2014-10-15 18:20:06
Yeah that'd be great, then they could link their mostly non-existent creditcards that Apple Pay is built on, and use it for payments almost nowhere!
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:00:46


The fuckers? :p That's hilarious. Man I'd hate to get as emotional as you about a company saying they're announcing some news 2 days later, that a lot of people unofficially already know about. 
How is life working out for you with that emotional attitude? :p
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:47:28
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:09:15
I understand. There's not much I can say to combat this, in the end you need to trust someone when giving them your information.
Perhaps you can find comfort in the fact they have over 1.3m wallets opened by users. They have offices in Silicon Valley where you could visit them if you'd want. You can call them or message them. Just open a wallet, it's free and requires no information. From there you can talk to them directly with any questions or concerns before choosing to link your bank account or not.
They're venture-capital backed by large companies like Andreessen Horowitz that have huge funds and a very lengthy track record, ran by some of the most reputable people.
Anyway I can go on but at the end of the day it's up to you :)
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:46:22
How you made your own wallet*
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:58:42
Ive revised my opinion after seeing their website. I don't see them trying to create something for the community, it's just another marketing channel for blockchain.info, zeroblock and their trading app. That's fine, but not at bitcoin.com, that's just confusing. They hold too much power over the basic terminology of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-12 17:24:55
Yes and no. The problem is that most countries don't really have liquid bitcoin markets yet. For example, there's currently no real African exchange out there where you can deposit an African currency and purchase bitcoin. For there to be one, you'd need people in those countries willing to sell their bitcoin for the local African currency. That's an issue because first of all there aren't many people in Africa that own bitcoin who'd be interested in selling it for their local currency. And secondly, there are not many non-African holders of bitcoin who have any interest in holding any of the African currencies as they could only spend it in these countries.
That's a slow process, particularly as many African countries have capital controls. If they didn't, it'd mean a European could take a bitcoin, sell it in Morocco for a Dirham + e.g. 10%, then take the dirhams and sell them in euros and make a 10% profit by facilitating bitcoin trade in countries with low bitcoin liquidity. As liquidity rises, this 10% differential goes down to near zero at which point you have a Moroccan exchange. The problem is that this last step of exchanging dirhams to euros is actually not really possible due to capital control regulation in Morocco. (for example, if you're a Moroccan student on exchange in France, you need to get permission from the government and do all kinds of paperwork to be allowed to take a few hundred euros worth of dirhams out of the country, barely enough to pay the rent for a room).
So, while bitcoin could be used, I'd assume this country with political strife has very few people willing to buy your local currency for their bitcoins. 
If he really wants to keep his money he's probably better off keeping it in the country. If he wants to risk his life, he'd probably be best off buying gold and smuggling it. 
edit: One popular thing to do is to try and find people in other countries interested to buy local currency for whatever reason. For example, in the above Moroccan story, a Moroccan in France sending money he earned back to family in Morocco could instead send it to a bank account in France owned by the Moroccan student, who then pays him the equivalent in Dirhams into a Moroccan bank account he owns. In other words, there is no international transaction, just two national transactions. So if you can get a hold of someone in e.g. the US who's interested in sending money to family in your country, let him send the dollars to your friend, and let your friend send the equivalent local currency to that person's family. Bitcoin currently probably doesn't have any exchanges who do this in countries with political strife like you describe. But just to make sure, what country are we talking about?
@_date: 2014-05-19 00:33:47
I'm not saying pay based on your commits. I'm saying you get a salary, that's why I said we need a company like Bitpay that already does this with Garzik, or an individual like Andreas who's familiar with hiring engineers having run companies, to oversee this, because otherwise it doesn't work.
But it's still very likely going to be someone working out of his own home in another country or city than the one overseeing payments, so the salary is paid out monthly based on his contributions. That's not to say that this person gets paid per commit, that's stupid, but it means this person has to be able to showcase his contributions and then get paid monthly, and github among other places is a pretty nice place to oversee those contributions. (not just in commits)
@_date: 2014-05-06 21:16:12
I found your article and I like your analysis based on transactions, there's obviously a pretty decent correlation that has diverged a bit in recent months and will probably correct itself again given the previous years of correlation.
But I don't think we can simply look at previous growth rates and expect them to happen again and again. Bitcoin shows obvious growth at a few peak moments when there's a lot of media (e.g. with US regulation in November-December right shortly after Silk Road shut down). Back in the day it was wikileaks that brought media and the price went up.
But really, if you do some basic research you hear a lot of people talking about 3-5m users, quite a few very inactive ones. I just don't get how you can imagine a scenario of 50m new users in the next four months. Coinbase and Blockchain for example, arguably two of the services with the most users, publish their data. And they show growth rates that would add about 0.5m users in the next four months. By comparison I think 50m is just way way off. 
Would be happy to listen and learn if you know more :)
@_date: 2014-02-27 11:31:02
I think this is something we must accept, as early adopters, for the time being as we move forward to regulate the market. We're now seeing serious VC capital + reputation being put on the line for a number of exchanges. As law works largely based on precedent, they're in a way all in the same boat. So I'm not sure to what extent we can expect accounts to be immediatelly frozen.
I think what we can all agree on though is that Kraken probably has some of the best if not the best security and compliance implementations compared to other major exchanges outside of having money stored in accounts in name of individual customers which I don't see any major exchange doing at the moment. 
Given this, I think Kraken is still an excellent to-go service for trading bitcoin as long as you're willing to withdraw in a short timeframe. If you're not, your Bitcoin will at least be safe, only your fiat may be at risk.
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:40:57
I think a lot of people sadly do :p 
@_date: 2014-05-25 16:46:03
Just a quick note... I've built quite a few systems, and at times I build the administrating function into the customer function.
It's hard to explain and hard to give an example... but imagine I build an exchange and incur fees in bitcoin, say 1%. The way I'd run my company finances is to build an admin account and with every bitcoin transaction, 1% goes to that account. This account is then set up on the exchange to sell at batch periods a certain amount of the bitcoin that I want to have in dollars to pay for company expenses.
Instead of taking my bitcoin to bitstamp and selling it there, or putting my bitcoin in a 'IkmoIkmo' account and selling it through there (of which 1% would recurringly go back to the account), I'd build it into the system using a customer account with some high ID and privileges like having 0 fees.
Now I'm not saying there's no inside job or that it isn't fishy. What I am saying is that I've been programming for a decade and I can easily see how a solo-engineer iterating on a flawed trading engine would use crappy and fishy accounts like these to do things that are otherwise completely normal and legal like having a company account sell bitcoin fees, or batching transactions of actual user-activity under one account-ID, or working with other exchanges to share liquidity and e.g. letting BTC-E sell coin to the Mt.Gox orderbook under a certain id for 0 fees, in exchange for the same service at BTC-E, thereby sharing the load and creating a redundant system (which is nice), etc etc.
In other words, it's weird, it's fishy, it's Mt. Gox, but it's not proof of some kind of fraudulent trading in and of itself. It can mean a whole lot of things and I'm happy to see more information come out. 
edit for clarity: for anyone commenting about my **example**, it's just that, an example. The point is not that it happened the way in which my example worked. The point is that there's reasons to build completely normal functionality in the system that looks really weird to anyone looking at data that should never have been made public, such as using admin-accounts with special privileges to batch buy/sell transactions internally. There's lots of different reasons for this, and looking at just the data doesn't prove anything. Data that, by the way, came attached with a virus, data that should show huge USD liabilities that none of the bankruptcy or (criminal) investigations have shown so far.
In other words, interesting info, good to look into, but proves nothing, just like all the Mt. Gox theories that float around. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 21:25:52
Coinbase customers paying Coinbase merchants doesn't show up on the blockchain, for example. But Bitstamp sending 180k bitcoins to itself to verify its funds does. The metric is flawed in both directions.
I don't really care what the number is though, as long as the trend is looking good. We're seeing a clear increase in the blockchain (if you remove some of the huge spikes when there is some fud due to regulation or mt. gox stuff) and we're seeing similar metrics grow very rapidly (the largest companies doubling wallets/merchants every 6 months or so) from Coinbase, Bitpay, Blockchain.info, MultiBit, various exchanges etc.
@_date: 2014-05-08 14:25:43
Mmm not sure. Let's make one thing clear, whoever put up orders under $5 was losing money for no reason. There's no application on an exchange for microtransactions that you can't batch together to avoid a microtransaction. So people were losing money. That alone tells me this was probably not extremely common and certainly the vast majority of trades were above $5. As such, it's very unlikely to really cut into their profits. If this really happened on a large scale, it'd have been known much sooner. Let's not forget, they had this system for years.
On the other hand, the risk of losing customers over a bad reputation is very real, no matter how uncommon. The average fees are about 0.4%, paid both by the seller and buyer. That 0.8% on the $1.5b annual average they process is a lot of money, a million a month for probably no more than 10 employees, a few contractors and servers. And they're the biggest exchange, meaning if they ever sell the business, they won't have to work for the rest of their lives. I doubt they'll be sad about not skimming a few pennies here and there off of some trades, that's why we saw a swift reaction.
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:20:12
It is. They walked away from USD as the money transmitter license in every state was too difficult to comply with as a bootstrapped company. It costs tens of thousands for the licenses, which is peanuts, but it requires surety bonds that cost $7m plus it requires your legal team to handle the licensing and relevant requirements of 50 states. Nothing a startup can do.
That's why you don't see any real exchange in the US. Circle and Coinbase are likely just licensed as a MSB with Fincen (nation-wide registration, virtually free) and have a brokerage license, and a few MTL here and there. It seems that allows them to continue at the moment, under the guise they're not actual exchanges. 
There are a few but no real big ones, like ATLAS but it has low volume and doesn't seem to be licensed in every state. Kraken always said they abide by the law, so they started out with 2-3 states (2 of which you can get a free license), but eventually decided to just focus on Europe and come back when the situation improves.
The fun thing about surety bonds is that you can piggyback off of someone else's bonds. e.g. you could, if Paypal agreed, use Paypal's bonds, as Kraken. Paypal won't be very receptive of this (unless it buys an exchange) but there are lots of parties licensed in all states (annual fees are pretty negligible) that'd let someone piggyback. Of course, not in 2013 with the Silk Road association. But in 2016, when bitcoin is fully mainstream, that's very possible. It could also be that we see a few companies come together and start a bitcoin bank or get fully licensed, and serve bitcoin companies. CEO of Coinbase talked about this being something he'd perhaps do if he hadn't done Coinbase. But all of that is far fetched at the moment, until of course, someone does it!
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:57:11
Yeah I'm a bit ambivalent about that one. I see what you mean, but this doesn't really check any boxes for me. Gyft for example doesn't do bitcoin transactions, it's a gift card, but they still offer 3% cost savings because loading up the gift card is cheaper than buying it with Paypal and has fewer chargeback-fraud. That's the power of bitcoin disguised in a 'legacy system' like giftcards (a form of a debitcard essentially). Or Bitpay, yes the bitcoins are sold and merchants generally don't receive fiat, but it's still 2% cheaper than accepting a creditcard transaction. But this just doesn't check any boxes for me. Merchants are not aware a bitcoin transaction is made, bystanders are not aware a bitcoin transaction is made, neither the merchant or the consumer saves any money, in fact it's likely a bit more expensive (as it's a creditcard tx + bitcoin selloff at bitstamp), it's not faster, the merchant doesn't get the money the same day, it still requires legacy hardware and plastic cards, security of money and identity is still a problem. 
Even if it was crap, but it was obvious it was bitcoin (e.g. current ATM fees are 'crap, they cost 5% on average, it's ridiculous, but it's obvious it's bitcoin, it's great) I wouldn't mind. But here it's not obvious to anyone bitcoin is powering anything. It's just a convoluted, expensive system, that makes bitcoin adopters feel good when they're not actually making anyone aware of bitcoin and are actually helping to keep in place creditcard systems and even mutate it so that it's slightly more expensive than the old legacy system. 
Hope to hear details :)
@_date: 2014-05-11 09:43:20
@_date: 2014-06-30 17:14:11
It's really hard to get everyone on-board with such setups across the board though. If you have a few slow nodes with a lot of throughput then you're essentially clogging up the network, because it's distributed, not centralized. A bit of a 'as strong as the weakest link' issue at least in terms of throughput in a distributed system.
And if you can't do this then you're looking at consensus problems, a higher orphan rate and also a lower threshold to do a 51% attack. There was a recent academic study on this. 
I think at some point we'll see some super-nodes. If twitter can send half a billion tweets a day, and google can process a billion emails a day etc, then it's pretty easy for them to process a few million transactions (which each are about as big as raw a 140 unicode character tweet) so I expect in 5-10 years that every large bitcoin company (Coinbase, Bitpay, but probably also Paypal, perhaps Google) will run super nodes. That makes the system more decentralized than distributed, but at least people can always get a connection. That's pretty feasible I'd say. If bitcoin becomes big, I don't see how companies won't build a few supernodes, if bitcoin doesn't become big, then there's no need for a supernode.
@_date: 2014-06-25 10:30:51
A fuckload. Some say up to $1m. The issue isn't if the price goes up if more people use it. (it will, see quantity theory of money.) The issue is, will people actually use it. That's not certain. I think it will and I've got money riding on that expectation. But it's far from certain. A lot has to still be done to make bitcoin usable for the general public, and not just usable, but better than everything else they already have by such a margin that they're willing to change their current way of thinking.
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:41:23
Agreed. Companies should work on allowing users to verify their funds on the blockchain and where possible, invite the most knowledgeable and most independent parties as possible to do independent audits of both their funds as well as their security practices (e.g. percentage of funds cold-stored + policy to move from cold to hot, does it involve multiple people for example?)
Bitcoin-Central, Coinbase and Kraken do some of these things. And I've heard Andreas say he's being asked to do these things which prompted him to write up best-practices. This is *really* important and we have to encourage these things, demand it, discuss it. 
Bitcoin can't survive if ordinary use of bitcoin relies on companies that can't be held accountable, that's a fact. 
Any exchange that does 100 million or 1 billion in monthly volume has a choice, take 0.5% fees, or take it all, or gamble with it through fractional reserve, or lose some through theft/seizing and continue with fractional reserve, or be nonchalant in what they think cold storage means. If they can't be held accountable, what is the choice.
@_date: 2014-05-13 09:19:02
Agree, BUT, the cool thing is that tips are returned in 2 weeks if the tip is unclaimed.
In other words, someone has to take the tiny effort to actually login to changetip with his reddit account, a place where you get a clean and professional overview of your money and a nice FAQ to learn about what bitcoin is.
I think if people do that, there's a decent chance they'll read more. If they don't, you get your tip back.
So theoretically you could just try your luck with a lot of 100 bit payments. There'll probably be some naysayers, but that's alright because they probably won't login and you'll get the tip back 2 weeks later and try it with someone else.
@_date: 2014-04-24 10:45:59
Loved it, I'm glad there was a focus on open permission-less systems. We've never had one for value before except locally (cash). I think that's probably bitcoin's most important unique selling point.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:39:13
I think Peter Todd commented on this, too. If you try to build something like this, eventually someone will figure out an ASIC for it, only the design of this ASIC is unique, rather than an extremely standard straightforward thing (like SHA256). Thus whoever figures it out will suddenly wipe the floor with all other miners and gain 99% of the hashpower at a fraction of the cost. And unlike SHA256, the barrier to entry is actually quite large because the algorithm isn't standard, and so competing with this one party suddenly becomes quite hard, while this party gets a large income and is very easily able to fund subsequent optimizations.
In other words, an ASIC-resistant mining algorithm isn't just seemingly impossible, trying it would also very likely hurt the network over time. That is, at the point that the rewards are high enough that someone invests a lot and actually builds an ASIC.
Until then of course, 1 CPU is 1 vote. And guess what. Our CPUs are expensive, but anyone can buy thousands of CPU's worth from a simple botnet. A world without ASICs is a world in which botnets have a good chance at mining.
I think the solution should be found elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-11-27 15:20:30
Holy crap, this is pretty awesome. Spar isn't the biggest chain, but still it's an 80-year old franchise with $30b revenue and over 12 thousand stores. To see a single store start is pretty awesome news. Looking forward to follow ups and I hope they do the same in Amsterdam soon!
@_date: 2014-06-25 14:52:49
Sure it is. If the price crashed to $10 nobody would pay $500. If the price was $2000 on an exchange, everyone would pay $1500.
That's what I meant when I said 'relative to the exchange price'. It's not going to be 1:1 of course, but there'll be a correlation. So if you can depress the price by 10% you'll likely see the bidding price drop by something like 8 to 12% for example.
@_date: 2014-06-27 23:05:38
Absolutely, I'll check that out over the weekend. 1AM now getting late, got a squash game scheduled tomorrow morning with a friend!
@_date: 2014-07-12 11:07:10
Begging for money to go to the world cup under the guise of promoting bitcoin (for which you've not made any proposal, plan or taken any action other than 'hold a flag or something') on a throwaway account you created simply to ask for donations, perhaps cleverly considering it's against the rules to ask for donations...
Let's just say you haven't convinced me to give you my bitcoin. Do your promotion, then put up a QR code or do a post-mortem. If you actually achieved anything I'm sure people (including I) will send some money your way for the effort. 
This is the way, especially considering you want to go to the Obelisco and not Brazil, for which you don't need any donations in the first place.
Oh and, I give you a 20% chance of winning ;) Good luck!
@_date: 2014-11-28 10:59:37
Ouch! Totally circumvented their main business model (which is shifting from purely selling hardware to software/ecosystem).
Can't say it's undeserved
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:30:02
In all honesty, I'd personally recommend Circle to a new user who doesn't understand what a paper wallet is.
Long term, I'd personally keep most my bitcoin outside of Circle (as I do myself), but if I just started out, they offer a secure SSL site with 2-factor authentication, and your coins are insured against theft on their end.
How familiar are you with the bitcoin technology, specifically the idea of private keys? If you're familiar, a paper wallet is just a piece of paper that holds that private key (which is essentially the key to your bitcoins).
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:21:10
Well, a few reasons. Firstly, at the moment low transactions aren't practical and sometimes blocked and transaction fees are orders of magnitude larger than single satoshis. 
Secondly, all banks already have infrastructure to make payments very rapidly, faster than the 10minute confirmation of bitcoin blocks. It's actually a bigger hassle at this point to switch over to a completely new, experimental system of which the origins are unknown, based on software in the hands of a handful of people working either anonymously or at a foundation with corrupt board members, that hasn't been explicitly deemed legal anywhere.
Again, transaction limits. Banks process billions of transactions daily worldwide. Bitcoin can only process a few million at most due to the software limitations, it has little to do atm with miners. 
Creditcards aren't necessarily faster, but they have global adoption, hundreds of millions of users, many millions of merchants, half a billion daily transactions, lots of infrastructure, banking partners in every country, they're legal, have customer support, a history, reputation, investors, capital, talent etc, all orders of magnitude larger than bitcoin. Bitcoin doesn't need each of those things or on the same scale, and it will get there, but not tomorrow or this year.
Because bitcoin is decentralized, many are spearheading this. It's much like the Internet catching up with everything that the internet or computers weren't doing in 1990. Email, video, news, phone, work etc etc. No single person or company was spearheading it, it was a new industry with many different parties. But there are a few large bitcoin companies, VC investors, regulators etc. Check out coindesk.com for lots of great articles and specifically check their annual report on bitcoin.
Money has to flow in the right way. The Internet is amazing, we can all agree, nobody can imagine a life or world without it. Yet, there was a time when investments in the internet were far too large leading to the dot com bubble and crash. Things take time, billions of dollars flowing into bitcoin would be a very bad idea. Tens of millions, a very good idea, and that's happened. About $100 million was invested in tens of bitcoin companies in the past 12 months mostly from venture capital.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:45:25
Whatever you do, check out  if you like bitcoin and starbucks.
You can try Newegg or Tigerdirect if you ever want to buy a new PC, they take bitcoin :p
Consider checking out Gyft / eGifter. They'll make your life a bit easier, although it's not direct bitcoin to merchant payments, it's driven by bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-26 17:33:02
Homes not safe, thieves can see which door you walk into and link it back to you!
This is pretty silly. Bitcoin isn't unique, this is a property of internet traffic, which is a similar ordeal for things like email.
The 'scientists say' thing is also pretty awkward. Computer scientists don't tend to call themselves scientists :P
Anyway, nothing new. The conclusion is: low anonimity. That's been known since forever. There's 'low anonimity' in just about everything we do. But privacy is actually pretty good with bitcoin, and potentially miles ahead of anything else. But something not being anonymous doesn't make it unsafe, just like it's not 'unsafe' for someone to be able to find out where I live, hell, most anti-bitcoin people think anonimity is what makes bitcoin unsafe for society. Now they want it both ways: it's unsafe if it's anonymous, and it's unsafe if anonimity is low. This is getting old.
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:10:40
So much for innocent until proven guilty lol. Mark fucked up big time, that's for sure, and he's got this asshole aura around him, but apart from that, nothing has been proven yet and that's a fundamental principle I have a lot of respect for generally.
@_date: 2014-09-30 10:55:36
Yeah, but I think M-Pesa isn't interested in the US for regulatory reasons right now, pretty sad affair but hey... it's early days.
edit: sorry thought you meant Bitpesa. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 13:50:31
Home base, gotto start somewhere. Trying to build a university network in one state is already a big deal, let alone a country, continent or the planet. I'm sure they'll roll this out to the rest of the world at some point if it's successful. And I bet that if you expressed great enthusiasm and conviction and a solid plan to start a bitcoin group e.g. in France, they'd make an exception. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 17:08:26
Except he does have pending payment to the old account as he has addresses there which he receives money on from time to time.
But even if he didn't, the point is not that taking your steps is extremely insecure. 
The point is that it's not necessary, and that should be the end of the conversation right there. When you have an account system where a user can login to your own secure website, that's when you stop doing security-sensitive things via email. You simply flag the relevant accounts in the database. You then email them to login. You then build a popup with a button that says 'generate address and return bitcoin', they press it, the logged in user gets checked against the database, a flag is found for his account, a new address is generated and the relevant bitcoin is returned to him.
It's secure, it's user-friendly, it's easy. 
What you don't do is go against your OWN security policy ('we will never ask you for your password') which is a definite no-no, because it makes void your entire policy and user agreement if they policies are broken whenever convenient. And it destroys the entire notion of 'NEVER', because the next time someone mails him, he'll think 'never doesn't apply, and I didn't get burned last time, it's probably okay'. The whole point of 'never' is that it's definite, so that users don't get confused, don't get fooled and don't lose their money. This is extremely unprofessional, it's a no brainer to never do this.
Not just because of external scammers spoofing email, but also because an update to the website usually has loads of stages. You build something with a team, with oversight, then there is code review by independent employees who didn't work on it, then it gets OK'd by the managing team lead and for security-sensitive products it's then often stress tested by an external security company every now and then based on a bounty program. 
What about email? Usually there's zero oversight like that. Every employee gets an email address and they can simply send these messages. Hell there usually is limited oversight on creating and deleting new email addresses, and autonomy over your own email box is standard at most companies that don't have elaborate corporate policies on this. So not only does breaking this policy create security issues for users against third party malicious attackers, but also against rogue employees.
Meanwhile, a fast, user-friendly, secure, non-policy breaking method WITH oversight exists: let the user login and verify on an https page on your regular website.
Again, the point is not that the steps you wrote down aren't secure (although in this case he wants to use those addresses in the future). The point is that there are side effects to making it seem okay to send a password to an email address which is a securiy 101 fail and should never be done in the presence of a better alternative solution.
@_date: 2014-05-20 17:59:51
When you have a ton of good news for 8 weeks straight, cool companies getting funded, new companies launching, big conferences etc... at some point there's gonna be another few big fish moving in.
@_date: 2014-05-05 08:48:48
Sort of. If you look at Australia vs US's population, Australia is quite small (22m people). For Australia to set up an Australian bitcoin fund of $30m is for the US to do one of $440m. Given the whole world did about $100m of investments between 2009-2013 (5y), I think it's pretty exciting to see a run rate of 2014 that's triple that number and not concentrated in just one country.
But yes 30m is quite little in the scheme of things. Great to see though.
@_date: 2014-03-02 13:09:49
To be honest, there is quite a credible case that the US provoked Japan into an attack. A few things are very clear:
1) The american people were very much opposed to getting into the war. The US had an isolationist policy which is what FDR ran on. He was politically tied to non-interventionism. Many had felt involvement in WW1 was a mistake, it was just recovering from the market crash of the 30s. This explains why the US sat back while Europe was overran.
2) FDR had strong ties to Europe, in particular the UK, and wanted to get into the war as he believed Europe could not survive German imperialism and he was right. 
3) FDR antagonized both Germany and Japan over and over. The US did joint millitary exercises. The US aided UK operations by providing intelligence. The US supplied the UK with weapons, food, supplies and capital. The US put embargoes and pressured allies in Asia to stop supplying Japan (a country with no natural resources that depends on resource imports) The US had constant patrols in enemy territory. etc etc. 
It's pretty well known that the US administration at the time pushed for a war when they could not get one if they had to go through congress due to non-interventionist sentiment of the general population.
Whether FDR knew about the attack and let it happen is far fetched. I wouldn't rule it out, but I don't think there is such conclusive evidence at all. I haven't seen it. But it's besides the point, really. 
@_date: 2014-10-16 02:25:33
It's part of the process of creating and signing and broadcasting a transaction.
But again, this is not the biggest part. It's like I could send you 1 kilobyte of code. That's not nearly as powerful as the fact that I can send you any kind of data, and that you can write and run any kind of code on your computer as you want. The script that's part of every transaction is (although it enables many things) the relatively minor aspect of programmable money.
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:08:43
Questions only please.
@_date: 2014-10-01 22:28:04
Cool. I propose by this time next year. I've always enjoyed as a mod. Let me know if you're down and I'll ask him for an address, we'll both drop $100 of bitcoin there and hope whichever way the bet goes, that $100 will be worth a lot more by the time the bet ends :) 
@_date: 2014-04-27 23:46:32
Frankly I don't think you can really speak of bitcoin friendly states as most states didn't take any stance on bitcoin, friendly or hostile.
One interesting to note though is that there's two states afaik that don't require a state MSB license for a MSB, which means if you run an exchange or ATM there, it should be a bunch easier and cheaper.
@_date: 2014-06-07 11:24:46
I don't see an immediate vector for google yet. It's focus on payments stuff has been pretty small to be honest. 
Of course, there are a few trends. Firstly, financial tech is a huge and fast growing market right now. Paypal was the first and only real big player, but it's 15 years old and for a long time there was nothing new. But now everyone has a smartphone with them 24/7 so financial tech has a viable consumer platform, ecommerce is blowing up, too. And so companies like Stripe and Square are hot.
There's also lots of Silicon valley interest in cryptocurrency in general, it's very much a computer-science innovation and it's way bigger than 'just' banking or currency. Of course a huge part in tech is the internet, and a huge part of the internet is the web, and the web never had a native payment protocol. All it had was advertising for monetization, and paypal to process creditcards on the web, of course creditcards are a 1950s innovation that's 64 years old, not built for the web. So bitcoin can be a huge player in monetizing the web and acting as a native ecommerce payment solution. That's interesting for Google of course, which, if you break it down, is really a web-monetization company through ads, which may or may not have to get in to google to keep its monetization-of-the-web role.
But in the end, all of that is pretty far fetched in contrast to the reality, there are only 1m worldwide users of bitcoin and with users we mean, mostly buy-and-hold investors, and a few people who actively spend it. Merchant adoption is outpacing consumer adoption right now. It really is early days in the ecosystem for big-player entry.
And let's not forget, technical entry. Google is also a company with a large userbase, it has more than a billion users, for google search, gmail, youtube, android. But bitcoin can only handle 7 transactions per second right now and only averages about 10% of that, which is much fewer transactions a day than people do in a typical city. In other words, bitcoin isn't quite ready for massive adoption, either.
So we'll have to see. I hope and expect within 6-12 months huge leaps to have been made with the protocol: floating fees, blockchain pruning, improved networking, HD wallets, improved payment protocol, bigger blocks and generally better scaleability. Once that happens I think large companies like Google can move in. That's why Paypal might still take a year, who knows. This generally coincides with an ETF which means bitcoin can be traded on the NASDAQ, we'll see wall street money pour in and then it becomes liquid enough, too, to support large trade volumes.
However, we can point for now towards some favorably quotes showing that, if the bitcoin protocol/market can continue to grow without catastrophes (e.g. 51% attack), Google will adopt bitcoin almost inevitably given enough time. 


@_date: 2014-07-16 23:14:50
"but, vaporware!! circlejerk!"
Man, the lack of patience from some people. I think this is a great sign. I've got no intention of ever using Circle, I like key-control, but they're probably in the top-3 most promising ventures for me personally in terms of products for mainstream audiences.
There's no entrepreneur building bitcoin companies with a more impressive entrepreneurial record than Jeremy Allaire, they've got some of the most funding, and they're truly embracing this notion of building a free platform with basic, instant, free services. (in the same way reddit is free, and skype is free), in a space where their competitors (e.g. Coinbase) are offering non-instant, non-free services. And Coinbase is in my top 3 list of companies.
So again, really promising. Glad to see their closed beta start to invite more users. Who knows what this will bring for the mainstream.
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:37:03
Do you have any idea what you're talking about? A brain wallet is just the idea that you can memorize a (seed to a) private key. You can write a private key in many forms. e.g. you can write numbers in base 2, base 10, base 16, base whatever. So you can write the exact same data in many ways. One thing people have tried to do is take the english dictionary (200.000 words). Each word is about 18 bits of entropy. So using 10 words gives you way more bits of entropy than you'll ever need. (128-bit numbers have never and will likely never be cracked, let alone a 180-bit number).
The key of course is to use a true source of randomness, but you can literally flip a coin 128 times to get a 128 bit number. This would be the worst brain wallet you can imagine in this form, as few people can memorize 128 digits of either 0 or 1, but it'd be an extremely secure wallet. 
A brain wallet is not a way of creating random private keys, it's just this notion that we try to create private keys in a way that's easy to memorize (e.g. out of words instead of binary coin flips) but it's not inherently good or bad or deterministic or random or whatever.
@_date: 2014-03-21 13:26:11
and a ton of other industries. It's a temporary ban though, and at the moment it doesn't affect the btc economy much as there's barely any merchants in China at the moment, mostly investors for whom it has no effect. Lastly, there are a lot of wallet improvements both on the protocol side of things as well as private side (e.g. trezor) that allow easier payments than QR codes without QR codes.
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:57:33
BitPay has a European HQ, too, has 3 years of experience with payment processing, integrates quite easily with many payment solutions and is the cheaper option to Paymium (after Jan 1 2015 trial ended). I'm still waiting for Paymium to explain why it's better.
@_date: 2014-06-20 17:38:32
Cryptocurrencies are here to stay. If you ban bitcoin there's a ton of other currencies one can now buy online to pay off these anonymous ransomers. It's unfortunate, but there's no way back. For me the benefits of cryptocurrency vastly outweigh these fringe cases that obviously get a lot of attention, but it's definitely a tricky issue.
@_date: 2014-08-09 19:40:56
Oooh sweet. Thanks
@_date: 2014-04-17 13:43:30
I don't think we'll see address reputation on the low level. But I do think we'll see most merchant transactions go through a payment processor like Bitpay or Coinbase. These will then insure the merchant against double spending. The payment processor will then require bitcoin owners to only use certain wallets (e.g. a Coinbase wallet) that has a verified identity, thus minimizing the risk of double spend. If they want to use an unverified wallet, they would pay e.g. 1% more, which would compensate for the less than 1/100 cases of fraudulent double spend transactions. Additionally, some transactions will be completely off-chain and not subject to any double-spend risk. For example, a Coinbase customer paying a Coinbase merchant is an internal process that doesn't use the blockchain at all, meaning unless you hack Coinbase, you can't defraud it. And lastly, a lot of online stuff will never be a problem as double-spends are detected in minutes, so e.g. book purchases on Amazon will not be shipped.
That's how I imagine it to play out. I don't think address reputation will ever take off though, addresses individually are too abundant (more than the atoms in the universe) and it's good practice to never use the same address twice.
Better description: 
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:56:29
Two questions:
If whatever they're doing is integrated at the pool level, I assume that would restore a level playing field again?
And, what other implications could this have. Slower confirmation times than 10 minutes? Strangely, confirmation times seem to have dropped significantly the past two weeks which is great... No?
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:08:05
Any filmhuis/arthouse, Amsterdam has plenty! Haven't been to Cavia yet but will sometime soon.
@_date: 2014-05-17 00:05:28
Oh but surely the entire country, or most of the continent of Africa, were not recently persuaded by a few recent missionaries. Rather, the missionaries went to Uganda recently because it is there their voice will be heard.
But the root of anti-gay sentiment of the past 100-150 years is undoubtedly colonial history, this is true for much of Africa.
For example, here's some history of Christian (largely European) missionaries in Uganda:
Do note this somewhat ironic paragraph:


Yes, Ugandans killed Christians for their refusal to participate in homosexual acts. (sadly, this particular case involved pedophilia, too). 
Yet today the Ugandans have turned against their history where homsexuality was not just a part of life, but there have been multiple very important Ugandan gays in Ugandan political, social and cultural history, for example King Mwanga II of Buganda. This change of mind is completely rooted in the increasing influence of Christianity during the time Britain ruled Uganda for a century or so.
@_date: 2014-06-09 13:28:33
I'd expect hawala to adopt bitcoin as a settling system actually.
@_date: 2014-07-08 18:39:09
Good stuff, but I very much disagree with his investment in the clean bitcoin stuff. Coins should be fungible and not blacklisted. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:18:21
How about you start your own fucking subreddit haha, and me, clearly that just doesn't work. 
If enough people dislike it, bot posts are downvoted to hell. If that happens for a while, it's an easy case to make to moderators to ban something with very high negative votes which obviously nobody likes and has no inherent freedom of speech. 
So, vote with your votes people. It'll probable solve itself not long from now.
@_date: 2014-08-04 13:14:37
Pretty much.
So a wallet is just 1 or more private keys. Private keys are 256-bit numbers. A bit is information that can either of two values. So flipping 256 coins (either heads = 1 or tails = 0) and writing the sequence like 0100101001001111110100101010 etc would literally be a private key. A bitcoin private key is just that in hexadecimal form. (which is just a different way of notation, in the same way you can say that A is 0, B is 1, C is 3 etc so ABCA is 1231. Hexadecimal form is just a way to turn a number, like the binary number above, into a base-16 form, which are numbers 0 to 9 and letters A to F).
So a private key is just a number. And you can derive from that number an address. You can then send bitcoin to that address. Only with the private key can these bitcoins be taken out of this address.
The problem now is that if you have bitcoins on that address, if someone finds the private key, they can steal the bitcoins in that address.
So indeed as you say, it's important to remove all digital traces because that would mean a hacker halfway across the world might be able to hack your computer and find the private key. But if the key is only on a piece of paper then yes, the hacker would have to come to your house and find the piece of paper and that just never really happens to most people :P
So what you actually print out is just the private key to the address. You don't print info about the 4 bitcoins or anything like that.
You can try creating a paper wallet and printing it at  But remember, unless you disconnect your computer from the internet and use a safe operating system that doesn't leave any traces (Tails OS for example), you can't be sure that malware isn't seeing the private key before you print it out and sending it to a hacker's server. The chances of this are small but just in case.
@_date: 2014-07-10 21:33:33
Sure. So the ETF is done by the Winklevoss twins who own $50m or so in coin. They'll put that into the ETF, and maybe another $50m from outside early birds, although that itself is very optimistic as nobody really owns that much bitcoin except the US gov, the entire Pantera or SecondMarket fund (comprising of many wealthy parties like bank CEOs, family weath funds etc).
So the ETF might optimistically launch with $100m in value. So for it to go to $1b in value would mean that they've either bought $900m worth of bitcoin (more than 10% of all coin in the world) or for the price of bitcoins to have appreciated by 10x, or a combination of the two.
So if the ETF goes to $1b, I'd expect 1 bitcoin to be worth at least $3k or so, but more likely around $5-7k.
@_date: 2014-04-06 14:01:25
Thanks for this post, very informative. 
I think you took a bit of a shortcut when you said that all altcoins are doomed because of this, as when they get big, they're susceptible to attacks. Of course when they get big (as in, enough liquidity to warrant an attack), they generally also rise in coinvalue, meaning block rewards go up incentivizing miners pushing up the difficulty rate. 
As such, the ratio between attack cost and attack revenue should be more or less liniear, no? In that sense, doesn't bitcoin face the exact same problem (and probability) of attack?
I've been trying to wrap my head around this for the past week and I'd love for more knowledgeable people to share their thoughts:
That is, if block rewards are $1k per hour, it incentivizes close to $1k worth of hashing power per hour, right? (approximately). Wouldn't that mean one would only need to spend ~$500 for an hour-long mining attack? Meaning that if there is short-term liquidity of anything above $500 in the system, it's worthwhile to rent half the mining capacity and double spend.
I don't see why this ratio isn't similar with bitcoin. I.e. at a $500 price, about $1.8m worth of bitcoin is added every day. As such, you ought to approximately be able to rent mining power for a 51% attack for one day for 900k. We regularly see daily volumes at e.g. Bitstamp (~30% USD volume) of about $3m, meaning there is enough liquidity to lose more than 900k worth of coin twice in a double spend.
So I'm not quite sure alt coins are less secure than bitcoin in terms of economics. Rather, it's just very hard to pull off logistically. For example, renting 900k worth of equipment for a day is a lot harder than renting $10k. And being able to double spend a coin and settle in bitcoin is a lot easier and more anonymous than settling large sums of bitcoin in dollars.
Another thing that worries me is that in a decade or so mining rewards are about 1/10th of what they are today. Right now 3600 coins are mined daily, but transaction fees are only about 15 coins a day. (today they were 9 coins or 0.25% of total miner revenue). This means that for the same network security we will need between 100x and 200x higher transaction fees than today's. I don't really see how that is going to happen, to be honest. More transactions goes a long way. (we can average about 6x more transactions before we cap at 1mb blocksize, and 10x larger blocks means we can fit 60x more transactions than today, meaning each transaction only has to cost 1/60th of what they cost today to generate the same miner fee revenues per block as exist today). But 10x larger blocks isn't trivial, and it still doesn't get us there. 
Very interested to hear from people more knowledgeable than me!
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:23:57


Not really, people complained, sure, but mostly there was excitement about ATMs, and an understanding that the price was there to cover small independent risk-takers who paid $10k or $20k for the first ATMs, (remember the $20k robocoin ATM? ) and traverse the legal landscape of surety bonds and all. Not everyone was happy but I didn't see any real hatred.
As for the $15 charge, that was always there. They said it'd be free after the $15 charge, the setup fee never changed. It's the monthly fee that got people. But they WAIVED the $15 fee for all pre-orders, so in fact what they promised was paying $15 and then getting it free, but they gave the pre-orders a $0 free card instead of having them pay $15, and then charge $5 a month. So you could use the card for a month and get a $10 discount, and then cancel it. That means they had nothing to gain from this, as they didn't scam or trick anyone into paying more than they promised. In fact, due to clear communication, the pre-ordering users could pay less than what they were promised for months, and then if they STILL don't like it, they can cancel for free. That's not shady, that's a great deal.
So it looks to me like an honest mistake that they've tried to smooth over by waiving setup fees for all pre-orders, and communicating the new fees transparently on their website and even here on reddit. Yes, fees suck, but hey it's the best product they could negotiate, and everyone has a choice to say yes or no, but nobody, at all, got scammed or tricked into anything.
@_date: 2014-05-08 22:51:40
Well many do. e.g. Roger Ver invested in bitcoin first, which made him rich allowing him to invest in Bitpay. But many bitcoin investors recognize their coin is worthless unless they invest in building the ecosystem. So it's a bit of both.
Secondly, a lot of people don't recognize that some crypto companies can easily adjust if bitcoin fails. Bitpay is not the best example because it's so heavily involved in protocol development. But any exchange, or a company like Gyft, can extremely easily switch over to a new digital currency. I think the chances are pretty slim bitcoin will be usurped, but that risk profile is part of the equation. In other words, an investment in e.g. Gyft would pay off even if bitcoin fails.
@_date: 2014-04-30 22:52:36
Horrible, how can you present any information like this? 4 minutes for 5 people, that's 50 seconds per person. A quarter of it is connection lag, another quarter is silly banter e.g. "does the bitcoin club give you game with girls?" What the fuck? First of all, this guy is like 90 years old. But secondly, it's just completely irrelevant. It's important to ask silly questions like this in a 60-minute chat, else it gets boring, but if you have less than a minute to speak and cut off your guests cause you're out of time, shut the fuck up with your silly jokes. This is a news channel, no? So what's left, about 25 seconds per person, enough for 4 questions with a total of 8 seconds per question. Might as well not do it at all.
Russia and China effectively making bitcoin transactions illegal? What the fuck, that's not even remotely true at all. In fact it's completely opposite to explicit official statements from Chinese (PBOC) officials. Look, he obviously isn't making that up, he's reading that from a piece of paper. Who the fuck wrote that on a piece of paper? How can you get a job at a leading financial news organisation and supply information to the anchors and not have a single clue about journalism. It's like saying it became illegal to watch porn in the US after a pornstar's bank account was closed down. You really have to try very very hard to come to such a conclusion as a person without much education, but for it to be your job, that you studied for, get paid for, spend all day on, to fuck up so badly on such trivially small facts... 
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:29:59
I'd probably look at October-November. I saw bitcoin go from $10 with the price steady at $100 for a long time to $1000 in a year due to speculation. I think there's been a big correction and the price probably ought to be closer to $300 or so. Growth metrics across the board at various companies show about 10% month-over-month growth, so if the price moves accordingly it'd triple in 12 months, meaning we'll probably see $700 in October.
But that's just metrics, most of the price is currently still speculation in the short-term. There's not much long-term perspective. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 10:44:46
You don't really. Basically bitcoin works with inputs and outputs in a ledger, this ledger is the blockchain.
So say I have 10 bitcoin and you have 0. I send you 1 to your address A, and I send 3 more the next day to address A, too.
Now you have 4. But you don't actually have 4, you have a ledger showing you received 1 and 3, these are the inputs to your address A. So if you total all your inputs to the address A that you own, you get 4 bitcoins.
Now if you want to send 2 bitcoin back to me, by design you're going to take some of the inputs and turn them into an output. That's what it means to actually send money. Taking inputs from addresses you own, and turning them into an output to another address (say address B, that I own). For this other address B, these now become an input, which I can now spend.
However, you can't split an input. The 1 and 3 bitcoins you received are just that, 1 and 3, they can't be split as an input. They can be split as an output however. So if you want to send me 2 bitcoins, you take the full 3 bitcoins as an input, and then create two outputs, one to my address B for 2 bitcoins, and one to a third address C that you also own, for 1 bitcoin. Now all the addresses you own (A and C) have 'unspent inputs' of 1 and 1 bitcoin respectively. So you still have 2 bitcoins.
Read more about this here:
Oh and I think I've mixed up my outputs and inputs ;) I hope it's not too confusing. Just read the wiki!
@_date: 2014-06-20 15:03:45


It's not really stuck. Look at Blockchain.info, they added 120k or so wallets in the past 30 days, 110k in the month before that. They've added about 750k (now 1.75m wallets) since January.
Coinbase grows at a similar pace, but they don't publish the numbers daily. They used to do daily, then they did it in 100k increments. They might only do 200k, 250k, 500k increments. They might do 100k increments but haven't published it yet. (e.g. in interviews the merchant numbers they state is about 20-25% higher than is on their website meaning their website data lags actual data).
So I don't really think it's stuck at all because of this. I do agree by the way with the general sentiment of your post, user adoption isn't happening as fast as I'd like it to personally. There's a lot of investment and many merchants coming on-board because it's a no-brainer for them. But unlike the Internet in 1993, many of us have great alternatives. (e.g. messaging/phone/video/work/mail without the internet was a big difference, but my payments are 99% instant, low-cost. The imperative for bitcoin isn't as big as the internet was for me).
I still think it'll succeed, but I do think consumer adoption will take quite a long time.
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:28:32
I'm not sure about your disclosure. I respect you for all your efforts and understand you tried everything. But phishing is pretty dangerous in a world of irreversible payments and an unrefined bitcoin security culture amongst users. 
At the end of the day, I don't think users benefited from the disclosure. It's unlikely anyone suddenly said 'oh, I'm not safe, let's take down my Coinbase account'. But as we've seen, it was very likely someone said 'oh, a phishing opportunity, let's exploit it to full effect, and spread FUD along the way.' 
Not trying to bust your balls here. I'm just not sure what I would've done myself. At least Coinbase is likely forced to respond in some way and in the end, we're better for it because of that. 
@_date: 2014-08-03 12:09:00
1 upvote! @_date: 2014-08-09 11:41:41
... why?
@_date: 2014-05-21 12:04:46
It still baffles me how anyone translates 'you can request an invite to a limited release' to 'I'm gonna register and use the product right now and get $10' and then get angry over that after not having gotten an invite three days later. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 08:40:35
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:22:42
I use a seperate email for bitcoin, for reddit and for email and keep my coin cold. 
Isn't email protected on reddit anyway?
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:06:06
@_date: 2014-05-14 22:01:48
Right, but that's my point. Creating a chart (like the one in the article) stating bitcoin has (small) fees and banks don't have fees is myopic because it only looks at transaction fees. But it doesn't at all cover the fact that a private key costs you nothing, while a checking account has up to 10-20 different fees that add up to quite a bit on an annual basis.
For example, for the UK:
Excuse the crap source, but you'll find it has some truth actual studies will repeat. In the US it's even worse.
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:00:12
It's a good question. 


The helpdesk current doesn't exist or isn't public yet. But the key words here were 'private insurance company', which is more comforting than the notion they'd cover the risk themselves. Whether that is true and which company it is remains to be seen. Will update if I hear more.
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:14:06
Look up what official means. It doesn't mean 'everyone is reporting it' lol. 
For example, everyone's talking about the Apple buyout of Beats Electronics, but it's not official. It may actually not happen. The amount of times unofficial news never materialized is huge throughout history.
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:31:13
Oh snap, 1 crimeinvestigator got you! @_date: 2014-02-28 14:32:37
No, you can generate a wallet offline. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:20:32
lol stop, we did this before and it just makes the buzzkill worse :p
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:26:34
I've heard Brian Armstrong say some months ago that if he hadn't done Coinbase, one of the things on the list would've been to start a bank and service bitcoin companies.  How realistic is that, is it something that ever came up in discussions? He gave an estimate of $20-50m to do so, and we've seen valuations of $150m for Coinbase/Bitpay already, and VC Marc van der Chijs put his unofficial valuation of Circle around that price, too. Seems doable.
Has there been any talk of the various banks servicing bitcoin companies to publish a shared letter of appreciation and acknowledgement of business potential, mutual success and regulatory compliance by bitcoin companies? That might be a strong message and a good talking point.
@_date: 2014-06-09 12:43:29


Oh, sure but those profits came from clever daytrading, not from just actually buying some GH/S and letting it run for months, most people lost money on that. 


Absolutely, but consider that if fewer people wnat to sell than people want to buy, the price goes up. And at a certain high price, cex will buy some mining equipment and put the GH/S for sale, meaning people who don't sell are actually subsidizing their speed in the long-run due to financing subsequent hardware purchases.
May I ask when and how many GH/S you bought and how much bitcoin you spent on this amount of hashpower and how much it earned in block rewards? I'd love some user data, my calculations are only theory (although they match a lot of posts from users saying they're able to earn back their investment)
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:08:21
I don't oppose. 
I also wrote a little bit on the brainwallet.org fiasco we're seeing now:
I also wrote a little bit here on password security:
Specifically mentioning that because the blockchain has no throttle mechanism, private keys are essentially passwords that can be bruteforced, unlike e.g. a facebook password. (as trying a password more than 3 times creates a captcha, so you can't bruteforce billions of tries unless there's a database theft like with Ebay)
That means a password used as a seed for a private key has to be MUCH stronger than your typical password at facebook or google. This post was a reply to someone saying an 8 digit alphanumerical was a good enough password, it's not, it can be broken in less than a second on a typical computer. But it's fine for facebook's online logic page, nobody can ever try 3 million passwords there in their lifetime, let alone 3 trillion passwords. Naivete about this is what leads to way too simplistic brain wallets.
@_date: 2014-07-27 10:17:53
Not what I said. Zeedijk is pretty long, the beginning close to Nieuwmarkt, with places like Nam Kee and the Temple are well-visited, yes, but that's not where the teashop is. 
The extention all the way out where the tea shop is, no it's actually not a well-visited place as far as I know. I've never been, despite meeting friends at the Zeedijk pretty much every month for the past 4 years for drinks &amp; asian foods.
@_date: 2014-09-13 11:06:57
Well look at the internet. The internet is built on a protocol we all almost exclusively use, but there are actually many different protocols, and generally they're all open (source) technologies. Anyone can copy the technology of the internet and start their own protocol. But there are very good reasons not to, when you already have the internet. 
I've been posting walls of text a lot so I won't get into the details, but that's the general idea. If you can wrap your head around that, I think you've got your answer. Let me know if you do want the details though.
It has a lot to do with network effects particularly, with a single standard we can all get around, with openness, too. This notion of a public good, usable by all, is very powerful. Imagine the roads were all owned by different companies, you'd need to pay 7 different parties to get to work, you'd need to buy 'road credits' from 7 different companies, who each had different roads that each requires different tires to drive on, some were thin roads, some had speed limits, some didn't allow large vehicles, some offered discounts for large vehicles, they all had different traffic signs you had to learn how to use, and you'd need a different license to drive on each road, and each road came with different rules and speed limits. That's the horror of having many different companies own proprietary software. You can say the same with having 200 different languages, 200 different cultures, 200 different school systems, 200 different computer operating systems, 200 different social media platforms. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 15:20:21
I'd wish for someone to elaborate. 
First of all, I think it solves a lot of problems, for that I love POS and it makes a lot of sense. Let that be said.
But I'm not sure how we'd integrate it. It's similar to QWERTY/DVORAK. Dvorak is the better system for keyboards, better suited for comfortable and efficient typing. Qwerty was built to prevent typewriting hardware to mess up, it's far from an ideal layout of letters. Yet almost the entire world uses qwerty keyboards.
Bitcoin is still early days, but I'm not convinced the 'industry' to switch over to something like Peercoin or Nxt overnight. As for integrating POS into bitcoin, I think that must certainly be explored, but I've missed any core developers seriously considering it at this point. Which I think is sort of fine, the core developers have to be very conservative, nobody would think of building large businesses on top of bitcoin if the protocol changes whimsically every six months. There's a few altcoins and efforts experimenting with POS, if they fail, bitcoin can continue, if they do well, bitcoin might be able to integrate some of that. And so far they look really promising.
Would welcome any more education on POS I can get :)
@_date: 2014-05-22 11:17:00
Let's see... please have 1 rapper verify :D
@_date: 2014-11-05 13:39:58
This so much.
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:26:48
Please do! :) 
The news article wasn't quite as clear as the actual source itself. The news article basically says 'Financial products that invest in Bitcoin prohibited'.
While the actual source is 'Derivatives on virtual money to non-professionals is prohibited.'
Not all financial products are derivatives. For example the BIT is probably not a derivative because there's no leverage, it follows the price of bitcoin 1:1. 
And pretty much all investors in the BIT, even if it was a derivative, could still do it in Belgium because most are professional investors (e.g. large professionally-invested family funds)
So it doesn't seem like there's any change, but it will be a bit more difficult for ordinary citizens to suddenly buy complex derivatives of bitcoin in the future in Belgium. They'd need to go through a professional entity, or simply buy bitcoin without leverage or hedging (which is exactly what everyone has been doing the past 5 years)
Thanks for the post!
@_date: 2014-06-04 21:11:52


Your mom doesn't count
@_date: 2014-08-04 11:56:02
I doubt it. I mean, some places do like bitcoinshop. And businesses that earn bitcoin (like mining rigs, mining pools) denominate their prices and their earnings in bitcoin already.
But to say something like 90% of products worldwide will be denominated in BTC, I'm not buying it. Maybe, there's no reason it couldn't happen, it's just unlikely. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 08:45:48
It never became the norm but, who cares? When did it become the norm to start a bitcoin company? Never?
I lived with a gay dude once who became a dear friend and I had all the pussy I needed during that time, by the way. 
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:34:37
You get about 90% of those tx fees back though seconds later, so it's exactly the same. It's a weird and silly system to charge about 60c and then give back 52c right after, I'll say that, it's sloppy, but it's not the type of stuff to go apeshit about like some in this thread. I hope they'll fix it by just charging what it costs right away.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:03:20
Thanks for the info, lookingatyourcock haha. That's useful to know, it looks like I was mistaken about this. Still, as I mentioned earlier, the fact that it's not in Russia probably means it's even easier to shut down as most countries are relatively more pro-US than Russia and Russia has investigated BTC-E itself before. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:59:44
This is why the whole bloomberg coverage stuff is so important, among other things. Most people do get their impression from news headlines (Bitcoin exchange fails to hackers, Silk Road stopped by FBI) without reading the articles, and doing 'free association'. (i.e., bitcoin = silk road = hackers) and remembering things as such.
While something like Overstock will barely ever arrive in an actual newspaper let alone a headline.
So when you then say do you accept bitcoin? They really just don't know what bitcoin is and make up their own ideas.
 
So realllly basic coverage on bloomberg is critical. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 17:54:00
I like the way they handles this. Respect.
@_date: 2014-06-21 10:49:22
Nope not really. There's a few, TEDX really. Nothing too interesting compared to some regular presentations at conferences, various articles etc.
@_date: 2014-10-22 09:38:27
Yup, it's a great service. Basically it's a system built upon the bitcoin protocol, that lets people use their national currency they're familiar with, and transact money for cheaply and near instantly using bitcoin transactions. But any of the two parties, or even both, don't have to be subject to volatility.
That's pretty powerful because that, in and of itself, is a better payment system than most currencies in the world have.
And if that type of stuff catches on (bitcoin as a payment system), you'll see the type of volume that'll turn down volatility and make bitcoin relevant as a store of value (for regular people), too, in the medium term.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:07:45
I doubt Paypal using bitcoin would change anything for their Nepal policy directly.
But it will help build a bitcoin ecosystem that, one day, will allow you to easily exchange bitcoin for Nepalese rupee or spend them locally, on the longer-term.
In any case welcome to bitcoin buddy :) Have you found a host yet to pay with btc? There should be a few around.
If you can't find any I'm fine paying for your hosting if you send me the bitcoin equivalent, let's find a solution!
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:19:40
Sort of. The thing is, if you understand bitcoin you'd see a lot of uses that have nothing to do with money supply. For example, two bitcoin ATMs allow an American to put $100 in an ATM, write down his friends' facebook namespace, then press 'Ok'. His friend in France then goes to the ATM, logs in, presses 'Ok' and gets the bitcoin equivalent of $100 in euros. Meanwhile, the costs of this transaction are 1/10th of Western Union and it happened instantly.
That's what a full bitcoin ecosystem allows and it can do this while volatility is 10x higher than any other currency.
So while bitcoin isn't perfect (even with a higher market cap, higher adoption, institutional investment and professional risk-management instruments like options for hedging) volatility will probably never be as low as e.g. dollar CPI or dollar/euro, but that's okay. Bitcoin can still be awesome and amazing regardless. A satoshi can still power smart contracts, smart property, timestamping, elections or stocks. Bitcoin can still be a scarce and appreciating safe store of value like gold, only more liquid. Bitcoin can still be used to transfer money instantly while settling in fiat. It can still be used to prevent spam or monetize the web, as 20% annual volatility (very high) isn't a big deal on micropayments, it'll cost 1-2 dollars in total less or more in a year than expected.
So I'd say intracate knowledge is still very useful are necessary to be against it. It's very hard to look at facts like deflationary or digital and then say 'I'm for' or 'I'm against'. There's things that are inflationary and suck, there's things that are physical and suck, just like deflationary and digital. The difference is in the details, in the context, in how things are interwoven. For that, you need intracate knowledge.
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:23:46
Pretty decent digest, but I'm missing data. If I didn't spend 2-3 hours on reddit everyday I wouldn't really be impressed as I'd have no clue about the extent to which VC funding is happening, merchants are coming in, users are joining etc.
A few points to make. Coinbase has stated 20-30% growth rates month on month. They're looking to go from 1 million in Jan 2014 to 10m+ in Jan 2015 and that's a conservative estimate. Their merchant base grows similarly and both Bitpay and Blockchain.info grow similarly (order of magnitude growth in a year) in their Merchant / Wallet growth respectively.
And that's huge. That's mainstream users and mainstream companies right there. Both companies have also expected for 2014 a number of additional billion-dollar online retailers to accept bitcoin like Overstock and Tigerdirect. That'll bring exposure, users and legitimacy.
Besides this, I think we really need to stress regulatory clarity. It means a lot. There are many reports from VCs and bitcoin companies stating: without regulatory clarity, VCs won't invest and banks won't take risks. Remember, a bank can get a $2b dollar fine for (accindently) helping launder $50 million on which they make $0.5b in fees. They're not in the business of taking regulatory risk. Now we're seeing regulatory clarity, we're seeing multiple banks issuing reports on bitcoin praising the technology, we're seeing willingless of banks to service bitcoin companies. And in terms of investments, we're seeing run rates of $300m VC investments for all of 2014. 
Now, one thing to know about bitcoin: it's almost entirely software (apart from regulation). If you hear $300m investments in bitcoin, mostly that means $100 million for software engineers at least. That's absolutely huge. Coinbase and Bitpay are examples of services built by teams of 2-3 engineers (plus contractors). Now they've got the user/merchant growth and venture capital to massively scale that up to dedicated teams of 15-20 engineers working fulltime. It's hard to overstate how much that means in terms of mainstream, secure, easy-to-use, compliant, frictionless functionality is hitting the market in the second half of 2014.
Lastly, for the first time we're seeing bitcoin *really* be meaningful in small ways. At first we were replicating payments traditionally. But now we're seeing Gyft give 2-3% discounts on bitcoin purchases, simply because that's how much less it costs them versus a creditcard payment. Bitcoin has real-world, not just theoretical, actual savings that are being passed on to the customer who is incentivized to use bitcoin because of this. These are the type of snowball effects that can actually drive adoption because most people don't care about bitcoin unless it really does things better or cheaper for them.
And lastly, we're seeing a huge wave of new companies. Shakil Khan called them 'third wave' companies. Chamath said 'amateur hour is over'. And that's true. There's a whole range of very professional companies in the works. Circle is probably launching soon which is a solid company like Coinbase or Bitpay. There's also lots of exciting things happening with the bitcoin protocol and more user-friendly (hardware) wallets, insurance, and lots of serious investor interest now.
Those things are what I'm most excited about. Would be happy to see you update your post in small ways here and there :D Thanks for posting!
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:49:01
You don't really need to do research or even like or even know about bitcoin when someone says 'want to get paid in dollars for your gold? You can, the medium of exchange is bitcoin, but don't worry, we'll only send you dollars. Love, bitpay'
I've no real reason to assume he changed his opinion. 
@_date: 2014-12-27 23:43:51
Absolutely, that's quite possible. I've given it some thought, some thoughts below:
I personally look at his disappearance, and indeed his likely profile (academic, compsci) as one that is unlikely to also be one looking to make billions somewhere down the road.
And if we assume then that he's not interested in billions, then he'd either have no interest in making a large amount of money at all, or does want to make money, but merely to pocket a few million, and stay anonymous, as opposed to billions.
On that first point (no interest to make billions), it's not unreasonable imo. Imagine you're anonymous, created something special, you're a geek, an academic, probably mature in the 2nd half of his life, educated without dire financial struggle, likely has an ideological interest in financial systems at least partially because the current one is corrupt, broken, greedy. Would you then likely be someone also looking to step out of the shadow, make billions, become one of the most famous people alive and never be able to go to the supermarket  without a bodyguard again?
On the second point, he might pocket a few million yes. But you mention he isn't cashing out now because it'd crash the market. But selling millions is already quite possible. Let's be frank here, bitcoin inflation is 10% a year. That's $500m at today's prices. He has $300m at today's prices. If anything is crashing bitcoin, it's not him selling $5m between 2011 and 2015 like he could have after his disappearance, so that he doesn't have to work another day in the rest of his life. The argument you make that he'd crash the market doesn't apply here, as selling $5m over the course of a few years amounts to a tiny fraction of a single percentage point of mining.
Only if he uncharacteristically, against the profile we assume of him (academic, ideological, anonymous and not wanting to be known, let alone well known, etc) wants to make billions of dollars, would he currently crash the market. But I just don't see that fit his profile, his lifestyle, his decisions and behavior.
But if he just wanted enough money to never have to work again and live quite luxuriously (in the millions) he would certainly not crash the market at all.
So why did he not touch the 1m coins, if he could have easily sold a few million dollars. It's perfectly legal. I think it's pretty likely, he never will. I think the chances are far better that after he disappeared, or while he was still there, he mined some cheap coins other than the 1m we know he mined in the first months, or hell, simply *bought* them for pennies, and has enough bitcoin to buy a house and live comfortably to never even consider touching the 1m bitcoins he may or may not have access to. 
This way it's untraceable, he'll preserve his anonymity, and perhaps most important to him, **he'll achieve the greatest feat**: which is to preserve the *idea* of bitcoin, which is open-source and decentralized without an owner let into the world for everyone to use freely, rather than a pre-mined currency whose founder is the biggest owner and benefactor and most powerful and influential forever and ever. 
That ideological reason, together with his anonymity, and the likeliness that he could be rich without touching those 1m bitcoins, is to me the reason why I think the odds are in favor of him never touching those 1m coins.
Regardless, 1 upvote for your insightful post! @_date: 2014-05-26 15:31:10
There's no 'one-price' for anything in the world. The price is essentially what people are willing to pay for it.
I mean I can say shaking my hand costs a billion dollars but that's not really the price. The price is what people are willing to pay which is unfortunately next to nothing haha.
But the price depends. A stranger might pay nothing, my mom  might pay me a penny!
Same with bitcoin. Someone took 10k bitcoins for a pizza, but another person might've wanted 5k or 50k or whatever.
However, as people start to use it more frequently, the price starts to move together automatically through arbitrage.
A quick example, say A pays $10 for 1 bitcoin and across the street B pays $12 for a bitcoin and another person C pays 1 bitcoin for $11. What will happen?
Well I'll take my $11 and buy 1 bitcoin and I'll sell it for $12. 
Then I'll buy another for $11 and sell it for $12.
A is seeing he can't buy any bitcoins because B is paying more than he. So he increases his payment to $11.50 for a bitcoin.
B is getting all the bitcoins he wants, so he thinks he might be paying too much, he lowers his price to $11.50 a bitcoin.
And C is seeing his bitcoins are valuable, everyone wants them, so he increases the price to $11.50, too.
It's a crude example, but through arbitrage all prices move closer together, until everyone's prices are very similar to eachother. 
Over time that's how prices evolve and move. When people saw you could suddenly buy a pizza with bitcoin, it made sense to say I'll sell you my socks for bitcoin so I can buy a pizza. As more and more people do that, you get to a certain price level.
@_date: 2014-06-20 00:46:05
If the Coinbase blog doesn't post this, I don't consider this a Coinbase app. I have the patience to wait a few days, I hope others do, too.
The app developer is not Coinbase, it's Andrew, a dude who works at AirBnb who didn't post this on his website or his twitter.
If they open-sourced it or use the API, then it's not a Coinbase wallet. It's a wallet that plugs into the Coinbase API. Trusting Coinbase is one thing, they have offices, a reputation, VC investments etc. Trusting another party whom I don't know without a verified ID who uses some software Coinbase wrote, is silly.
@_date: 2014-05-26 11:46:39
In what country are you? That'll help us help you :)
For Europe, I'd recommend Kraken. For the US I'd recommend Coinbase. In general worldwide I'd recommend Bitstamp. I'd also consider localbitcoins.com, just be really careful and know what you're doing as you're dealing with individuals who may not be as trustworthy as one would like.
@_date: 2014-09-13 23:39:21
Agree on all your points!


You're right on this one too, very commonly private keys are stored in a format known as wallet import format which ends up with a Base58Check encoding, which turns it into an alphanumerical string (which, obviously considering the 10 numbers and the 26 letters in the alphabet, has more letters than numbers). So you're right to say you see more letters than numbers as opposed to the traditional unformatted private key, which is a hexadecimal (10 numbers and 6 letters).
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:46:11
Transactions are meaningless without extra data.
e.g. you can make 1 million extremely small transactions (especially with the latest protocol) or move a million bitcoin to addresses you own yourself. Both are essentially meaningless transactions, but the metrics would spike up as if the united nations just adopted bitcoin as legal tender.
We need more data and better interpretation.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:26:09
@_date: 2014-02-19 18:11:09
This is what I had to do to buy Bitcoin in the Netherlands.
1) Go to blockchain.info and make a wallet, or create a wallet at any other place. Note the address.
2) Go to bitonic. Enter BTC amount, enter my wallet address. Choose my bank. Press OK.
3) I get forwarded to my bank's online payment system. I enter my password to login, press OK. I get a text message on my phone seconds later. I enter the code. I press OK.
I now have Bitcoin. It's that easy. Buy prices are generally within a 1% band of the average price, sometimes above, sometimes below. Very reasonable.
For selling Bitcoin I choose to send it to Kraken.com and sell it there, as Bitonic's sell prices are usually a good 5% below average prices. Kraken charges 0 fees for this and it's back in my bank account within 48 hours. 
If merchants in the Netherlands would adopt Bitcoin, we could completely circumvent ATMs and start building a BTC economy. Kraken.com is an awesome alternative to Bitonic, which is working on an actual exchange too.
I've got a degree in International Business with a minor background in computer science. Would be happy to work for BitPay here in the Netherlands to get adoption up. After all, their European HQ are launching here in Amsterdam, but they don't seem to be doing that much, yet!
@_date: 2014-10-02 10:32:07
Just sent **0.26** BTC to the wallet. Feel free to do the same :)
@_date: 2014-05-13 08:49:11
Any iteration of 0.0.0.1 or 0.0.1 or 0.1 after 0.9.
So the next five versions before 1.0 could be:
0.9.1, 0.9.2, 0.9.3, 0.9.3.1, 0.9.4, for example.
See here what the history of bitcoin versions was:
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:18:41
Well it's basically an online ATM that's with you wherever you go anywhere on the planet, as long as you have access to your dutch bank account you can, in seconds, buy bitcoin. And the rates are better than any bitcoin ATM anywhere on the planet.  That's really great in relative terms.
As for fees... Right now they cost 0.85% more than e.g. Kraken, and Kraken has a 0.2% fee = 0.65% more expensive than the top Euro-market leader Kraken. So for 0.65% of the purchase amount (can compete with a few exchanges, e.g. Vault of Satoshi has a 1% starter fee, and that's the best Canadian exchange out there) you can instantly buy bitcoin, no verification necessary, no need to deposit ot wire money and wait days or weeks. And the purchase is otherwise free, unlike many exchanges that cost you to wire money to them or withdraw money.
So I'd say it's very competitive. It beats any ATM, beats localbitcoins, beats any 'instant buy' option (like buy with creditcard etc, usually quite expensive) and beats some exchanges and can compete with most exchanges.
As for selling bitcoin on bitonic, it's not recommended. It's quick and easy money, but as opposed to buying, the selling fees are pretty harsh, and the whole point is to obtain bitcoin so paying 1% more is okay. But if you're selling bitcoin 9/10 times that means you're trying to arbitrage and purely make profit, and in that case getting 2% below market value isn't a nice deal.
@_date: 2014-05-10 22:53:19
But why? Let's get a few realities straight right away.
* Bitstamp processes about $1.5b annually and does about 1/3rd of the dollar market while Mt. Gox has done 50%+ at times. Their average 0.4% fees are paid by both the buyer and seller in any trade. This leaves them with $1m of income per month They probably have about 10 FTEs that are paid, say 2x the Slovenian average of 3k, or 30k per month of salaries. See where this is going? Bitstamp is a company that has millions of dollars in profits yearly.
* Mt. Gox was the biggest brand in bitcoin, period. It could be sold for a very hefty sum, that much is clear. Coinbase had a $140m valuation in December, Bitpay just had a $160m valuation. Mt. Gox could've easily gotten $50m and that's conservative.
This notion of an insider job needs support as there is absolutely no clear motive. Without extra information, this is the scenario: person is a near 100% owner of a company that handles 1-2b of money annually, takes $10-20m of that and has a handful of employees and servers to pay for. This company is the biggest brand, among companies with 100m+ valuations. Instead of continuing it correctly, or selling it, he makes a few hundred thousand enemies by stealing their money in an inside job, face death threats, lose his company to bankruptcy, face criminal investigations, force his wife to flee the country with his kid and face legal and personal issues for the rest of his life, while his professional reputation is effectively destroyed. He risked everything to turn a risk-free guaranteed 10-100m into a chance of stealing a few hundred mil.
That's the scenario of an insider job without extra info. That extra info isn't there. There are speculations, like that he was forced, that he'd lost much coin in 2013 to e.g. theft and couldn't sell or continue and was effectively running a ponzi etc. But there's no evidence for any of this sadly.
It's a huge mystery. What surprised me is how little he gave away and how easy it was for him, up till now, to sort of get away with that, at least to the public. I mean, he hasn't even said or even guessed, that the coins were stolen, or the keys were lost, or seized by the FBI. He said nothing. He didn't say how many coins are still in possession, which addresses are compromised, if there is a thief who owns the addresses etc. It's such a clusterfuck.
@_date: 2014-06-09 13:34:58
Would love to see some numbers about your revenue/expenses and how much bitcoin trade happens through your system or if you got any funding. Just curious how the business end of things work, how you're managing to support yourself and how fast things are growing.
Even if it's close to nothing I love your effort, it takes time to build things and some of the best platforms had virtually no revenues in the early days (e.g. facebook) but I'm just curious.
Keep it up!
@_date: 2014-08-01 17:01:09
Indeed it's no ETF, but non-news? SecondMarket and Pantera did $70m and $100m respectively last I checked. That's a ton of buying power, and frankly, most of that only made possible through a security. As no fund is looking to open a wallet and an account on bitstamp and then send a bitstamp screenshot to their accountant. That is just fundamentally a million miles away from the way funds do things. Imagine someone tried buying $100m of coin right now, that'd be a big price mover and big news. 
And where previous securities were very US focused, this one isn't. I'd say that's news. It might well do $10m or $50m of buying power in the next 3-6 months and create the type of liquidity that might be fed into e.g. an ETF in early 2015. Of course, indeed in and of itself it's no ETF at all.
@_date: 2014-04-15 12:05:19
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:35:45
What bitcoin requires is to create a dynamic, easy to verify, hard to solve, piece of computation, that is linked to a particular task (in this case, a specific bitcoin block), or be quite random or at least unproven. After all, if it's not random or unproven or e.g. linked to a specific block, then it'd be possible to pre-mine future blocks, or rather, you could create a completely different blockchain with the answers of another chain, and then create the longest chain.
So I think it's really unlikely to happen. Who knows, though. In any case, it appears right now that we've got massive security at a fraction of the cost of securing fiat systems, banks, fiat printing, gold mining etc. So while bitcoin's security uses a ton of energy and feels very wasteful, it's actually rather efficient.
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:18:15
This. He got hacked for other reasons (which is unacceptable in and of itself, in my opinion, but okay. e.g. I'd never run a wallet because I'm not confident I can and that's not acceptable)
But, again this... it doesn't take away the fact that putting private keys in the URL is a joke. And that he tried to argue it was safe with a link showing something completely different. I know that and I've barely know more than a first year CS student (having built game software, not even security stuff)
I don't know about the claims though, can you link me? I do know that they paid back some people right after up to 50 coins per person, and that apparently people close to the company were prioritized. Where they got those funds from, who knows huh? 
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:42:23
99% sure it's a scam.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:28:26
Comments on why I think some understanding of the inner workings is important. Or at least, an *actual* understanding of the outcomes. For example, there are people that say the outcome of digital borderless money is it's easy for illicit use. The actual outcome is more complex as blockchain analysis by resourceful authorities can be much more effective than if e.g. cash was used for illicit purposes.
some comments here:
In short, generally I see people get the outcomes wrong when they don't understand bitcoin. Or more accurately, they tend to better get the outcomes right when they understand bitcoin.
In your analogy, imagine a world that had never seen an ECU. Vehicles were operated manually by hand. And now you come along and make it seem like magic. You build 100 cars, 10 crash, 20 have issues, and all of them are still pretty expensive and hard to configure, set-up and understand at first. But you know that in 5-10 years from now, the ECU will be massively important and the best way to operate a car. But everyone right now is saying it's crashing, untrustworthy, 'magic', wishful thinking, etc etc. Of course, anyone who took some time to understand how the ECU actually works and what it potentially can do, would love it. In other words, at this stage of bitcoin I think understanding of inner workings is hugely important. But when current newborns are 18 years old, they won't have to know anything about bitcoin, they're born with it, see that it works, trust it. Just like the Internet today. The shit people said about it 20 years ago... man. Now? Most kids haven't a clue of its inner workings but they sure as hell don't let it stop them from using it.
@_date: 2014-10-28 03:08:37
Yeah that's pretty bad. No matter how you look at it, full reserve means only one thing, which is having a full reserve of on-demand funds for your customers. 
I don't think it's actually a big problem. In all honesty, you can get low-risk securities which give modest returns where the average long-term default rate is a fraction of the returns, and many if not most securities are pretty liquid, too. Meaning it's not going to really be a problem, unlike e.g. lending out money on 5% reserves, mostly stuck in 40-year illiquid mortgages in overpriced housing markets like banks were doing.
But yeah, especially in a nascent ecosystem where this stuff is a hot topic, it's important not to be ambiguous in your wording or stretch the meaning of plain words to fit honest intentions.
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:02:32


I'm not fully sure. There are very informal systems of hawala. (e.g. immigrant father in europe has friends in morocco whose kids want to study in europe, he wants to send money to his family in morocco, so the father sends his friends' son euros, and the friend sends the fathers' family dirhams). But there doesn't seem to be an extremely sophisticated hawala system as we see in other parts of Africa. (some wikileaks internal documents support this, too.) However I have heard that the black market is pretty big, in that you can buy foreign currency, hope it's not forged, hope it's not the secret service, hope he doesn't tip off the border guards and get paid by them, and then you need to smuggle the money out the country. I've heard this happens, extremely risky though and foolish. Bitcoin might become illegal, too, but at least it's easier to hide than smuggling money. Another thing that's often done is simply smuggling hash, which is sold in europe for foreign currency. That's a huge source of foreign currency flows, so this is sometimes used to essentially turn dirhams into euros. (buy hash with dirham, smuggle it, sell for euro) and this is the source of the black market money.


Absolutely, that will probably grow and we've heard of some parties in central africa looking into this. These people are terribly creative in working with what they can, so I expect bitcoin to attract interest rapidly soon.


true, but it's still very small scale. Capital controls is about preventing an order of $1b to $3b a year. Once you get european businesses paying for moroccan tomatos and fish in bitcoin instead of euros, I think morocco will inevitably look into that and try to regulate it. You can still move bitcoin in and out, but for large businesses (like buying $5m - 50m of fish annually) you'll need paperwork showing you paid in euros into a moroccan bank account which can't simply be taken out of the country. Once they start paying in bitcoin, these are the big 'on and offramps' that theyll try to regulate.
But yeah it's still quite a while away I think. Still only small-time stuff with localbitcoins. But who knows, wouldnt be surprised if they started a bitcoin exchange in morocco. So many tourists, there's bound to be some inflow of bitcoin from them, and given foreign currency is a scarce and valuable good, there's bound to be demand from the moroccans.
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:11:59
Petamine shares are public, anyone can buy them. That means they do things like voting. e.g. the reinvestment in hardware isn't a company choice, they let the shareholders vote either to pay out dividends or reinvest.
Other than this it seems they don't aim to make a profit. i.e. they either pay out in dividends or reinvest. Cloudhashing makes a profit for its owners by buying mining hardware and renting it out for more, that's different from buying mining hardware and paying out the rewards to its own owners through dividends.
There's no real catch. It's a clever system. I don't know if you can trust them but they seem to have been solid for quite a long time and there's nothing wrong with the concept itself. The benefit of PetaMine is that you get a large party which can obtain mining hardware cheaply and securely. Mining yourself is tricky because getting hardware is such a big risk (you get it too late, you don't get it, you get broken hardware, you get different hardware than you ordered etc). 
@_date: 2014-04-27 10:07:23
Yeah the website is a bit of a joke. But if you're adding half a million users every three months, I can imagine what they're spending time on. Infrastructure. The website is just real shit though.
@_date: 2014-12-27 15:27:55
Yeah this is really exciting. We have about 30k changetip users today. If they all donated $3, you could fund a senior software dev for a year (2000 dedicated hours by a skilled engineer) to e.g. work on pruning or dynamic fees. That's really interesting. Or hell, you could crowd-fund an individual to create bitcoin marketing videos or educational content. It doesn't have to be an engineering project.
@_date: 2014-04-16 18:46:11
That's a good question. I'd love for someone to correct (or improve on the terminology) me here, but the gist of it is that you don't need the same licenses as a broker-dealer as you do as an exchange. So Kraken is a US based exchange out of San Fran who, in the past 24 hours, did about 3k bitcoin volume for example, but completely euro-denominated as they don't have the licenses in every state to act as an exchange.
Meanwhile, Coinbase has a brokers license and can service US customers. It doesn't really act as an exchange, rather, it sources from exchanges as a broker would. (Although curiously, some of their buy/sell trades are matched with other customers' sell/buy trades, much like an exchange. But that aside)
So SecondMarket has a broker-dealer license, too, and they don't perform as an exchange, rather they perform as a broker. And the regulatory hurdles for something like that are much smaller. (source is Brian Armstrong, Coinbase CEO, I'd love for someone to provide this in print and to know what constitutes exactly an exchange or a broker-dealer by law).
@_date: 2014-06-12 20:58:05


It doesn't really work like that. The hashpower grows exponentially, so the value of a GH/S drops exponentially. The fact that it is stable gives people the illusion they can buy, mine for free, then sell at the same price. But the reality is, this illusion creates short-term demand that causes the price to stay stable instead of dropping. The longer this happens, the bigger the discrepancy of the real 'fair value' of a GH/S and the cex.io price will be. At some point, when 1 GH/S mines so little bitcoin that people start selling it, everyone will sell it because they see the price dropping below their buy-price, and the price will come crashing down. For 50% of the people, they make money, the other 50% will lose, much like a ponzi scheme in that it's a zero sum game, only because there are 3% maintainance fees and 3% pool fees, the average investment is a negative one.
So while I agree you can sort of mine for free temporarily if you get in and get out quickly (just like you can make free money by getting into any ponzi and get out quickly), the average person is going to lose money, which means I don't think we should talk about 'free mining' as it's very misleading.


Good point! However, I wouldn't be surprised if GHASH is able to do very low pool fees because they make money from things like mining contracts which is distorting competition with versus other pools. In any case, 25% can make the difference between a 51% attack or not.
@_date: 2014-08-15 22:08:09
Very weak from the peta team. Announce, don't follow through, then provide wrong reasons (i.e. Centralization is still a huge problem, their incompatibility is a lie, and any other issues were known when they announced, thus either they misled people early about known issues, or the known issues were not and are still nog a big deal.
Worst of all they clearly went against the wishes of their owners, who, as shareholders, expressed a clear choice they ignored. The least they could do is do another vote, this time presenting all the facts, if the owners still decide on p2pool, then follow through.
Again very weak, wont be forgotten by me.
@_date: 2014-09-09 14:10:11
The cool thing is that the CEO of Braintree basically said that they had lots of interest from the 'top' merchants (without specifying names), which is a list that consists of the likes of AirBnb and Uber, who've said they'd like bitcoin payments and accept it, but that doing so is not worth completely restructuring their payments infrastructure with Braintree. But that if Braintree would integrate it, they'd turn it on.
That's how a lot of this started, with Braintree essentially seeing this demand.
Besides this, it's obvious the VCs are pushing behind the scenes. This isn't the first time Coinbase struck a deal with another company that Andreessen Horowitz (who back Coinbase) backs. (with Andreessen also on the board of Paypal)  Not just a payments deal either, Coinbase already acquired a former Andreessen Horowitz startup into their team. And there's lots of mingling in SV, with e.g. the CEO of Coinbase having worked at AirBnb, and surely has contacts there for example.
So it's very possible that we'll be seeing the likes of Uber and AirBnB (perhaps not them specifically) accept bitcoin in early 2015 once their payments processor Braintree finishes implementing it, because it's these type of top companies that actually voiced this demand.
@_date: 2014-09-30 18:01:26
Not sure, I doubt it really. Again, insurance isn't free, there's a cost associated to it. It doesn't protect you from fees, it just evens them out. So if you compare an option that carries costs to another option that doesn't, the latter will still be more interesting. It could help a little bit but not much.
@_date: 2014-10-02 18:14:35
I hear you, but I'm sure it won't be long before Circle establishes their own 'buy back' button when sending bitcoin out the wallet. Black Friday is also an event that historically came with lots of planning, cool gestures and plenty of discounts across the board. e.g. reddit discounted gold by 25%. 
Anyway I'm personally of the opinion that using bitcoin is the way forward. If you want to hoard, then use and buy back. We're now seeing instant and free purchase of bitcoin enabled for more than a quarter billion people, so spending horizontally (spend &amp; buy back) is an easy and feasible option, particularly when discounts are offered when it's actually the best option financially.
@_date: 2014-10-12 18:45:20


Why does it fucking matter to you so much that I buy Bitcoins?
The word 'buy' was not once uttered. But feel free to misrepresent people's points so you can act like we're crazy zealots looking to trick you into buying into a ponzi scheme.
For some of us, we're just interested in discussing bitcoin with friends and family because we're enthusiasts, just like I enjoy discussing economics, politics, technology, sports, the internet etc with friends or family. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 14:45:38


Sweet :D Thanks for the gold buddy.


I'd reach out to Marco Santori:
He's done quite a few bitcoin related things as a lawyer.
There's a number of others besides him but most are usually affiliated with a certain company. (e.g. Constance Choi is great but she's with Payward/Kraken, might not work outside of this)
I've also been very impressed with Patrick Murck. He's with the foundation, too. 
See very bottom.
And generally, if you press 'speakers' at the top of this website:
You'll see a list of tens of speakers of highly engaged people in this space. Few might know what you need to know, but most will know someone who does, so it's a nice place to build a network or find the right people.


Agreed. I certainly don't want to advice breaking the law, but every great thing in my opinion happened by changing the rules a bit and a tiny bit of civil disobedience. e.g. look at Uber or AirBnb struggling with the law and the hotel/taxi lobby, yet consumer satisfaction rates are high, there's no real fraud or misuse and the prices are lower. Or look at Erik Voorhees selling Satoshi Dice shares, everyone won, nobody lost money from theft or was defrauded, it was a sale without controversy. Yet he got a $50k fine, on a $12m sale. So on the one hand, be careful, $50k is a lot, on the other hand, in the scheme of things it was tiny and he'd have done it again if he could.
A great post on this on Coindesk from the previous Skype COO might be worth reading here:
It talks a lot about how to structure yourself. You can often avoid regulation by calling yourself something else, by limiting yourself to certain things, by doing things certain ways. For example, if you run an ATM and let people e.g. add $50, then sell the $50 at an exchange for bitcoin and give the bitcoin, you're a money transmitter. But if you have a hot wallet on the ATM and sell people your own bitcoins for $50, and then once a week take your earnings and wire it to an exchange and buy bitcoins and load up the ATM, you're suddenly not a money transmitter but more of a vending machine in a lot of jurisdictions. Such simple things can go a long way. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:20:42
I posted this for a comparison to cloud mining:
It costs 0.75 bitcoin? Ridiculous.
Meanwhile cex.io sells 478 GH/S for 3.4 bitcoin.
Wake up people. And don't give me 'running costs' bs because GH/S takes a nice $125 per **month** for running 468 GH/S for electricity and all.
All public knowledge on their own website: 
Meanwhile, this runs at 360W which at a cost of $0.10 per KwH is about $24 per month.
9/10 cloud miners are idiots who get a crap deal.
------ 
In other words, if the Antminer can't even make money, cloud mining is one HUGE joke.
@_date: 2014-12-23 06:28:51
Shouldn't be a problem. You have either of two scenarios. 
1) everyone thinks it has failed because tx fees didn't work out and the system requires infinite inflation. Nobody will want bitcoin anymore, it's sold en-masse. As there is no reward, miners stop mining. Meaning getting consensus on a hard-fork is trivially easy as you barely need any mining power.
Or 2) everyone thinks the only way forward is to reinstitute a mining reward. Miners earn mining rewards, so they'll agree to a hard-fork that increases their rewards. So getting consensus on a hard-fork is easy.
So there shouldn't be any problem with switching the code (which takes 1 minute). The problem is getting consensus afterwards, but I think the scenarios I showed say there is no issue there.
@_date: 2014-08-14 09:16:52
Works great, very simple and slick.
Was wondering how the security on ios works. Is it possible for anyone to steal coin throug another app, a browser, an ios charger, jailbreak? Im wondering what to look out for. Or is it just theft of the device that would compromise the keys?
Love the waggle thing. Hope other wallets will follow, have you asked any yet directly? Perhaps strange but, if its a similar implementation, maybe do a request on the blockchain apps github for it.
Laslt i thin a confirm of the pin is a good idea. Its a one time thing, even if its easy to bruteforce if you fuckup, there will be someone doing a typo, load it up with btc and not be able to login later and panicking.
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:20:24
Can't really take Amir seriously on half of the things he says, to be honest.
As for the actual point? Well let me first say this, bitcoin is a distributed ledger. And while it operates using bitcoins, it can indeed power centralized systems, too. In the same way that the internet is somewhat decentralized (for argument's sake) but can power centralized systems.
Meaning that, you could build changetip on bitcoin. Changetip is centralized, you don't actually use the blockchain to send money, but you can take money in and out of your changetip wallet. This is what makes changetip 100% free, although they charge 1% now as a service fee but it's not an inherent cost. In some years from now charging for a tipping service would be considered as ridiculous as charging for a basic email account. It's all software based, it's all centralized, it's all free, but it's powered by bitcoin.
But pure bitcoin transactions? Well that depends. Obviously it will be cheaper to send $1 billion over bitcoin than through a creditcard. But it's also apparent that bitcoin will likely not do microtransactions cheaply. (&lt;$1). Again, we're talking about 'pure' blockchain transactions. You can build microtransaction systems on bitcoin, it wouldn't be fully decentralized but there's no need for that for a $2 coffee, the passionate politics we often see on this sub becomes somewhat irrelevant at that scale.
But transactions beyond $1? Seems quite feasible to me. We've seen loads of back of the envelope math that says it's quite cheap and easy to move thousands or even tens of thousands of transactions per second in the near future. It's software, and our hardware and infrastructure gets faster, cheaper, more global etc. Fact is, a transaction is a few hundred bytes of data. Twitter can do more than 150k tweets per second and tweets are more data than a tx, and get queried by more people than a typical tx.
I mean, let's be frank here: Youtube streams more data in 20 seconds than the entirety of all bitcoin transactions recorded in the full blockchain of the past 5 years. Not to mention Netflix.
This is actually one of the least of my worries.
Let's not forget, bitcoin is a protocol, it's not a profit making business that's partially in the realm of archaic finance and partly digital. It's digital-native. Of course it's going to have a big cost-edge versus say Paypal that involves humans and profit motives because it's agnostic to profits or companies or archaic systems. It's just a protocol, some notions as to how to transfer information and give that information meaning. You can't get much cheaper than that.
And lastly, if bitcoin DOES become more expensive than centralized services, and I don't see it happening anytime soon, that's amazing. Because it won't mean that bitcoin became shit. It means everyone else suddenly dropped their fees, as they had to compete with a permission-less open protocol where anyone anywhere could be their own bank, push-send their own money, create peer-to-peer financial services. If that means everyone else drops their fees to near-zero, or hell, do that and move towards more open standards and more transparency, that's great. 
@_date: 2014-08-02 19:50:59
Sorry, I thought Xapo was a creditcard, but it's a debit apparently.
I wouldn't know if it's supported in the AH... I guess we'll just have to try it out :p
@_date: 2014-04-15 20:15:54
damn, I can become the mayor of hipster city now
@_date: 2014-05-21 14:01:00
Most software engineers easily start at $70-100k. A senior developer for something like C++ like the bitcoin core in Silicon Valley is $200k.
So employ 3 of those people and you're looking at $50k per month in salary of the programmers they employ on the protocol.
So you can see why $150k isn't so crazy.
Here you can see some bitcoin events which are partly organised by the foundation.
They have a few lawyers, PR people, board members. People like Jon Matonis fly all over the world to speak at various places, talk to companies and governments. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 11:28:07
Ask him if he thinks the dollar is backed by gold. If he says yes, laugh at him and show him proof it is not.
Then explain that 'backing' is meaningless if a good is already scarce. Backing is a protection so that if the us government prints 100 trillion dollars, people could ask the government to exchange their dollars for gold, but nobody has that much gold. That means the government is prevented from printing endless amounts of money if it backed the dollar with gold, the gold standard. It forces scarcity. But the us removed the gold standard decades ago.
Bitcoin does not need that because it is scarce by its very definition of what bitcoin is, a protocol of limited slots in a public ledger.
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:28:53
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:24:42
I've gotten the impression that when Mt. Gox happened, there was a small press cycle that was mainly negative, Matt was taking a contrarian view there stating it was a problem with a particular operator, not with bitcoin. But the fallout from that was that the hype, the boom, the enthusiasm and price rise that came in late 2013 and was met with a quarter billion dollars of VC funding, kind of collapsed.
Since then we've seen a few big stories (acquisitions, bitlicense, paypal) and all of that was pretty much covered, by Matt, too.
The news cycle definitely did try up a bit across the board. It's just not feasible to run weekly stories on something that, let's face it, has a marginal impact. $50m daily money transfers worldwide.
Tokyo alone sees 5.000 million GDP **per day**. That's VALUE ADDED, the amount of money spent is much larger.
So you really can't run stories on this everyday. Yes the technology is more interesting than its nascent ecosystem, but that's been discussed very often already on bloomberg.
Right now it's really up to us. Businesses have to build and drive cool products, the investments are there. There are companies that have the funds to make 0 revenue while employing 20 engineers for 10 years. They have to build something useful now. And we have to explore those things, try it out, give feedback and use that which we find useful.
Once that happens I think we'll see Matt return. It'd be pretty ridiculous as a broad-based journalist to focus on something so insignificant after already having covered it quite extensively. Cryptocurrency focused media does that just fine, like Coindesk.
I mean it's not just Matt Miller, it's everyone. Coinapult was the lone VC investment story last month. The past two months have been pretty quiet. The price crashed. No extremely clear reasons for this. Not many companies are talking about performance at all, when was the last time you heard a company talk about fast-paced growth in user adoption on their platform? 
All of this is fine, it's okay. Building something like this takes time and if you look at the history of bitcoin, it always feels dormant, then explodes by 10x, then drops by 5x and gives an impression of dormancy again. Just saying that it's no surprise we see reporters focus on other things at this point. Soon we'll see black friday, new users on Circle, new markets opening up in underserved countries, more regulatory woes and an ETF, a new wave of VC investment and a new set of large retailers and partnerships. And that's when Matt Miller will surely be back doing some reports.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:29:00
Mount Gox, may be shutting down after a hack that has cost its users more than $400 million.
Really, where do they get this shit? Not only is any report of specific losses completely lacking any evidence, but the cause being a hack is also completely made up.
Making money through fraudulent tx mal HAS to go through Mt Gox's customer service who has to approve giving coins to a party who has actually already received the coins. That's not hacking AT ALL, it's fraud, and the 400 million number is from a silly powerpoint presentation that is extremely dubious for its writing, author, consistency, credibility and timing. 
Man... I hope Bitcoin will one day revolutionize media companies by allowing them to micro-monetize their shit so that they can actually afford to hire some proper journalists instead of spending their dwindling money on 3d virtual screens to flick through silly polls hands-free like in a sci-fi movie. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:08:26
No clue but I'm not really concerned. Obviously, they wanted to 'launch' at the worlds biggest ever conference, Bitcoin 2014. It's entirely possible they weren't actually fully ready or comfortable to invite people on day 1. It's not concerning to me if they polish the product for another week, for example. We'll see invites happening soon enough, I don't know what the rush is for, what if the first users happen in late June, does it concern me? Not really no.
I think it's important to try to support our concerns and see where it's coming from. Let's not forget, nobody has put their bitcoin with Circle, no users invested in Circle... it's not like Neo &amp; Bee where you send them your bitcoins and you wait and wait and nothing happens, that's concerning. This is just a soft-launch that seems to happen a few days or a few weeks after announcing their company to the world, nothing concerning about that.
I mean let's not forget, they didn't say they were inviting people May 15th or May 20th or whatever. They said they're coming out of stealth, and they did, they publicly demo'd their product a few times now. And they're letting people request an invite. They've not announced any dates or deadlines or anything that were missed.
So really I'm not at all concerned. Excited, sure, and anxious as I'd like to try the service, but that's a different feeling from concerned about the future of a bitcoin company or the bitcoin ecosystem or people's bitcoins or people's investments. All those things aren't really relevant at this point to this case.
@_date: 2014-06-22 08:18:27
Exchanges and privately, too. e.g. I wouldn't be surprised if they'd offload bitcoins to e.g. SecondMarket for example a few times a month.
On the former they convert instantly, on the latter they take a little bit of risk but over time as liquidity grows (especially after an ETF on e.g. the NASDAQ) it won't be necessary to do private dumping anymore.
It's not bad for bitcoin at all, they step into the middle and take risk away from merchants. Over time volatility decreases and volatility risk decreases and merchants can pay other merchants with bitcoin, at which point Bitpay becomes a payment processor purely instead of a processor+exchanger.
Of course it does pressure the price of bitcoin down, but that's fine, it doesn't have much to do with bitcoin's health. With things like Coinbase's buy-back feature there's upwards price pressure again, so now you're now seeing the ability to get a full cycle going and that's only going to increase as we get things like bitcoin payrolls etc.
@_date: 2014-06-07 22:06:18
Haha, yup! At least according to Mark.
On IRS he once said something like 'let me run this script and fill the wallet by pulling from cold storage'
Obviously this wouldn't be possible as the technical definition of cold storage is that it's not connected to the internet and never has been. There's no way to just run a script from some computer and take bitcoin out, that's why it's so safe.
Stuff like this really made me laugh and shake my head, it's just, so, so bad, it didn't even get elementary stuff right. Mt. Gox was handling its security no different from a mom that would let her baby cuddle with an alligator. Some people still think Mt.Gox was an okay company that had some management issues and got hacked. But it actually was in short, extreme shit, it's hard to put it into words if you followed everything that happened since 2011 or so.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:18:54
Of course there was a way to value internet companies, there is today just as there was a way then, people just went about it completely the wrong way then and learned from their mistakes. If you know the prices are going through the roof, you're buying, too, even if you know the actual valuation is much lower. And at some point, when profits don't materialize, it collapses. Everyone who got in knew this, you just don't want to be the last one holding the baby. Much like one can value a ponzi scheme, yet ostensibly rational people still buy in way beyond its zero/negative value hoping they're not the last one holding the baby. Ironically, we saw a ponzi scheme called PONZI SCHEME on bitcoin talk and many tens of thousands of dollars poured in pretty quickly despite obvious red flags, beginning with its name and description.
That's not what he said though. He said internet companies couldn't be valued, which is no more true then than it is today. 
@_date: 2014-08-03 21:28:28
I'm not being naive and not giving anyone the benefit of the doubt. 
Fact is you've got nothing except an assumption as to what they mean. As do I. What do I want? Clarification. What do you want? Nothing, you seemingly take your assumption as fact and write them off. That's the difference. 
I'm not taking a position here, I'm offering my own assumptions and then closing with 'but it's just an assumption, so I'll reserve judgement until I see clarification from Xapo'. I'd suggest you take the same position, but that's up to you.
And I'm still waiting on your source for Circle doing the exact same thing.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:30:27
It's not an exchange though. In other words, ATMs, Bitpay, SecondMarket don't buy their BTC there.
@_date: 2014-07-02 06:05:56
Can anyone comment on Peter Todd's statements on that other implementations won't happen? I'm not familiar.
@_date: 2014-11-20 13:49:53
1 upvote! :) @_date: 2014-04-15 23:00:19
We really don't need the technology subreddit. 
But it would be interesting to start the discussion. After all, bitcoin is probably the only actual piece of technology that several highly acclaimed (technologist) people such as Marc Andreessen think is one of the biggest computerscience breakthroughs.
We've just learned today that from government documents, the Canadian government thought bitcoin was a scam half a year ago. Today, they've moved to look pretty favourable upon bitcoin, move to regulate it like the US, and have already given full money transmitter licenses to a bitcoin company in Canada.
It's quite possible that Bitcoin was added to the list when it *looked* shady as fuck in the past years. I can understand banning an altcoin that's spamming the shit out of your subreddit, which isn't backed by any VC, is not regulated in any country and only really known for Silk Road as a usecase. 
In other words, perhaps their views have changed. How would we approach changing their policies? Let's tread carefully, we don't need a shitton of bitcoin spam. That just proves their point.
@_date: 2014-05-09 22:18:24
Great effort dude! :D
@_date: 2014-04-15 17:10:03
Actually, an ATM is not a bad word. Teller refers to counting, so an automatic counting machine refers to the ATM counting how many notes it should give or take. 
I think going forward, ATM is probably a better way to call it. There's lots of semantical issues (e.g. bitcoins being property in the US, as well as a money-substitute and money-like product, while it's not property  outside most of the US) so you could argue for different names. But given that it's never going to be technically correct everywhere, it's probably best to call it what gives the best impression as we go mainstream. I think most people would be more comfortable with ATMs, unless you want to forever brand bitcoin in people's minds as sort of a giftcard you get out of a vending machine.
@_date: 2014-05-21 09:53:26
It's very likely things like this will be funded by bitcoin companies at some point. e.g. Bitpay might run 10 nodes for $2400 a year once they have million-dollar profits. And it's likely every bitcoin company with more than 2-3 employees will run at least one node, too.
I'm personally not too concerned about the nodes. The network seems like an easy thing to fix. But keeping hashing power decentralized is my next worry.
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:53:52
No. Take now for example, the cap is 1mb. Why isn't it 10mb? If there were no negative side effects to putting it at 10 mb, then we should just keep it at 10mb. If there's no negative side effect to having NO cap at all (i.e. it can go to 10000000 mb if you wanted to), then we should remove the cap.
But there is a cap. And it's there for a reason. 
So consider what you're saying. You're saying, if there is demand, the cap should go up. It's a bit silly, because the cap is there to CAP the transactions even if the demand exceeds it. 
To make a dynamic cap completely destroys the idea of a cap. How can you impose a limit, if the limit goes up everytime the demand exceeds the limit? That's literally not a limit anymore, it's nothing, it's just some variable that has zero influence, because it's not limiting anything if the limit is increased everytime you reach it.
In short, a cap is there for a reason. Unless you can argue that there should be no cap at all, you can't argue that the cap should be dynamic. You could argue that the cap should be increased a bit right now, to that I would agree.
You could also argue that the cap should be dynamic based on the ability of the network to function properly at a higher cap. (because that's the actual thing that the cap has to ensure: the ability for the network to function properly. That's why we don't have a 100 mb cap, as the network wouldn't handle it properly. If you can detect that the network can handle a higher cap, then you can justify dynamically adjusting the cap based on the network's ability). 
But I've not seen any proposal to actually measure that (the network's ability to handle a higher cap) properly. You'd have to basically measure how cheap and plentiful storage/networks/cpu is, so that in 10 years time when all of that is 100 times cheaper, the cap is dynamically raised by 100x. But again, there's no real way to measure that properly at the moment. So we resort to humans looking at the technological capacity of the network every few years and increasing it manually. So in 5 years when storing a 30gb blockchain costs 1 penny and the standard network speed is 250 mbit/s, we can increase the cap by quite a bit. 
Of course there are trends. Moore's law for CPU, Kryders and Nielsen's for storage and network speed. They all average around the 50% a year range. So every 10 years the cap could be raised by a factor of 57 or so. I think it'd be pretty smart to increase the cap by say 30% each year (not 50%, just to be on the safe side), and then manually adjust as necessary. This way you may want to adjust every 5 years, instead of every year. And that's important, as each adjustment requires potentially a hard fork, which requires consensus, and that gets harder over time.
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:37:02


What the fuck are you even talking about? Listen, this is exactly what I mean. This thread is a repost of a press release from a party who's asking three questions on how to facilitate innovation and enable new entrants like bitcoin, including a question that was critical of their own role (i.e., does our regulation actually serve the interests of those who we're trying to help). THAT'S ALL. That's was the key takeaway from this press release.
And instead of discussing that and providing answers (e.g. no, regulation doesn't help), we get some a priori anti-government bs that's completely unrelated, as unrelated as suddenly bringing in religion and morality. Look I love listening to Hitchens as much as the next guy, but let's stay on topic here.


Sure, that's a possible position you can take. Feel free to elaborate on it, I'm willing to listen to that. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 22:49:50
There's a big difference between going from $5m to $50m market cap (only takes some millions to pump that price up there) than to go from a $6b to $120b market cap.
Frankly, to expect the price to go up by over 20x the moment it starts trading is a little ridiculous. Surely that would mean there's now incredible demand that we can all be sure of, thus ensuring a huge 20x investment opportunity that's mere months away, yet nobody is pouring in any of that demand into SecondMarket or Pantera's securities which can be purchased as easy as any regular financial asset, stock, bond etc. That's just a ridiculous statement.
I'm quite bullish on this ETF and it'll get the ball rolling, but $10k the moment it starts trading is a bit of a joke. It'd be a gigantic bubble completely out of sync with transaction volume growth or user adoption growth, which is nowhere near growing 20x in such a short span of time.
@_date: 2014-05-20 12:26:54
Don't downvote a guy for relaying what he heard in a lecture by someone who actually works in the field of cancer every fucking day. Jeez. I'm from Amsterdam, shit's legal here and I support that, but I have no interest in pathetically downvoting information without context.
I don't have any experience whatsoever to speak on this medically. All I can say is that it appears some patients have tried every medication in the book yet say only marijuana helps, and for those people its pretty ridiculous we're preventing their voluntary consumption of this natural plant which is so cheap and easy to produce. Example here:
That doesn't mean it's for everyone. I wouldn't be surprised if there's alternatives that might work better for some people and that's fine. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:27:45
Whoohoo thanks :D
The bike is really nice, I hope he's happy with it! If I wait a year I can use your tip to buy him a new one haha, cause in amsterdam a bike doesn't stay in your ownership for long :P
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:44:33
Yeah nevermind my analogy buddy, it is a bit confusing. My point was that kraken has to put effort into validating multi-sig transactions which requires programming and they're a small startup with a few employees, yet they're market-leader for Europe, the biggest single economy in the world. So I can imagine why they've got to set priorities, especially when the customer has an easy alternative of withdrawing the bitcoin and then using a different wallet to send it to the multi-sig address. It's true that it's not extremely difficult to implement but they do need to change their programming and push out a new version of the software, which means it needs to be tested etc. Even small changes are hard to do in a world in which a single security flaw can cost you millions of dollars.
I hope they'll come around and find the time to do this at some point, but you're probably one of a small handful of people who've needed this in the past 6 months and there is a solution that doesn't involve kraken. So it makes a bit of sense that they'd postpone it for now.
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:35:49
Well it works sort of like a ponzi, technically.
It means it makes sense to buy GH/S now if you know that the sell price will stay the same and if you can make money on a GH/S as you say, it's 'free money'. In a sense it's a bit of a self-fulfilling ponzi.
But it really isn't because the sell price is not guaranteed for all buyers. In other words, at some point when 1 bitcoin only buys enough GH/S to generate 0.1 bitcoin in its lifetime, people will sell off. And when people see the price dropping and knowing they can't keep the hashrate and get a return, they too need to sell and the price will come crashing down.
The last ones will be left holding the baby, as their GH/S price is way below what they paid for it, yet the hashrate has already been created at ghash and will stay high. 
This has the effect of a ponzi, the early guys make lots of money, the late guys lose lots of money to the early guys. It's a zero sum game, only minus the pool fees and maintainance fees!
That's why it's a negative investment.
The longer the hashprice stays stable or rises, the harder it will come crashing down. So it's only free money in the same way the early adopters of a ponzi get free money, but systemically, the average person loses and the average return on investment is negative.
I hate to use the word ponzi, it's overused so often and it always implies intent of wrongdoing. But I think it's pretty applicable here, and it has this effect without anyone ever having intended to scam anyone.
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:23:22
By that token the targetbase between Windows, Linux and OS X also overlaps because they run bitcoind. You're missing the point, linux servers are not part of this particular discussion, the person you replied to was simply talking about low usage of linux for individuals doing personal computing, not servers. 
Again: you're missing the point, you argued with a person about something he clearly didn't say or mean. If you can't let that go, I will :p Cause me arguing serves no more purpose.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:05:13
This. People don't get that if you put up a fucking torrent, nobody is going to license your documentary or air it. 
If you do distribution well, you can get at least one station to air this documentary 1-3 times over the next 5 years in 30 countries.
And the day after, it'll be put up as a torrent anyway. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:44:53


Give me a break, all banks have been using encryption for decades. 
Secondly, bitcoin is about cryptography, not encryption. SHA-256 is a hashing function, not encryption, and it was made by the NSA, bitcoin is just one of many mainstream uses of the function. Rookie mistake, seemingly from a rookie Vice President and rookie journalist. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:45:28
Ok. Source?
@_date: 2014-04-16 12:19:24
By that notion it has nothing to do with money, fiat money or the dollar, or rather, it has as much to do with bitcoin as it does with the dollar, and for a bank api, that's interesting. I don't think we would've seen this a few years ago, and it's certain bitcoin wouldn't have been mentioned.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:35:07
Absolutely bizar. Thanks for posting.
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:46:04
17m people haha, can anyone guess where I'm from?
It's not really useful though, bitcoin is a global currency. On the one hand it'll see greater adoption by particularly the OECD countries because of accessibility (e.g. bank accounts to wire bitstamp, large pool of educated software engineers building local products like payment processors and exchanges). On the other hand, the need for bitcoin is much more pressing where there's no viable alternative to banking or even fiat currency. (e.g. Bangladesh where a bank account isn't for all, or Venezuela where inflation is above 50%)
Lastly, bitcoin is actually pretty interesting as medium of exchange without being a store of value. i.e. it'll only be held by investors. Bitcoins then become packets of data, just like packets of data on your internet line. You buy them when you want to make a transfer of value, and then sell them again at the other end, allowing fiat currencies to exist while using bitcoin as an efficient way of transfer of value. In this way, it doesn't really matter who holds the bitcoin or what its price is.
Topics like these kind of miss the point, for me, but then a lot of people are just interested in this as an investment I guess.
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:04:54
All funds are insured, but not against personal theft.
In other words, if someone breaks into their servers or kidnaps all the holders of their cold-storage private keys and steals all bitcoin, you're insured against that.
If you put your account name and password on reddit, you're not insured against that. If there is a keylogger on your computer, you're not insured. If your ex-boyfriend logs in and takes your bitcoin, you're not insured.
In other words, their intention is that you have no counterparty risk as you're insured against them fucking up. But you still have personal responsibility over your account. You have to enable 2FA for example if you want to secure your own funds. Which in my book is a big step up and pretty cool. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 10:04:55
I don't think you fully understand the economics of mining...
@_date: 2014-07-01 13:36:13
True. And I joked before, Marc Andreessen should send every household (120m of them) a $5 flower with a note attached with something about bitcoin haha, like 'paid with bitcoin'. He could just about afford it, too.
@_date: 2014-10-15 11:21:57


Doesn't matter what your contract says. If it says you can keep Andrew as a slave, sorry, not going to happen. Some clauses in contracts are voided, and a clause that says no refunds for defect products is one of those. It simply doesn't fly, consumer protections overrule that clause, and any judge will happily point that out for you in court.
Perhaps instead of being on the defensive, consider this: you've told Andrew over and over again that he will be made whole. What's stopping you? Andrew is not your partner, he is your customer. He does not have to pay for 'restocking fee', those DO NOT APPLY for defect items and customers by law are not required to pay it or oblige to such clauses in contracts. His refund also is in no way shape dependent on the success of your business, he paid, you provided (late) a broken product, he returned it, you return the money. That's it. He does not have to wait for you to resell that product to get his money. 
He returned a defect product using insured shipping which made no mention of damage. He paid 9 months ago and has to this day not used a working product. What are you waiting for? Return. The. Money.
@_date: 2014-12-16 18:26:56
Did you find any information on what 'holding funds' actually entails? In bitcoin you never really hold any money. Rather you hold keys to a digital vault that is public to everyone but can't be unlocked without the key. I wonder if say Blockchain.info would be considered as 'holding money', when they don't actually store keys. Or if a company's interface that lets you load a seed and load your wallet in their software would be considered 'holding funds'.
And if say Coinbase's multi-sig vault would be considered 'holding funds', as they're not holding funds, not holding actual access to the money.
It's interesting how this might actually push companies to shift financial autonomy towards the user (e.g. multi-sig keys) as a way of evading stringent reporting requirements.
@_date: 2014-08-16 11:34:59
Timing pretty much,nthey are currently just figuring out their backend which is thr biggest hurdle (large security and fraud implications) once all that works great, i.e. When they can offer instant and free purchase and sale of bitcoin and process transactions proplerly with the right security and anti fraud algorithms in place, then they can build any frontend they want, thats relatively the trivial bit of making pretty icons connect with their api. That can be a web frontend, ios, android, or hell it could be sms, fax or a bloomberg trade terminal. But all of it relies on the backend and thats really hard to get right. We can see that with bters hack just days ago, a proper exchange with a solid team, or with coinbases issues the past few weeks while they have 40 engineers or so and a $150m valuation.
So mostly timing and priorities atm. Itll happen at some point but theyre still in beta lets not forget.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:56:00
I'm really waiting on a compliance story, to be honest. I mean, I think it's pretty obvious there's a market for exchanges. So market is covered. I think there's a pretty obvious business model, so that's covered. Given those two, it's pretty easy to attract capital, so you can hire engineers to build industry-grade platforms.
But at the end of the day, there's not a single (VC-funded or not) exchange in the US that's compliant. All of them have registered with Fincen with an MSB license, none of them however have more than 2-3 state licenses. Nobody is really compliant, it's a mess. Guess why Kraken is not servicing most US states? Cause it knows it wouldn't be compliant. It has the same licenses (= not sufficient) as anyone and the rest seem to ignore it.
There's a lot of ways to comply. e.g. if you partner with Paypal or a Bank, you can piggyback off of their MSB licenses in all but 3 states where you don't need one. Banks also have licenses (despite not needing them because they're banks, oddly enough) and you can sort of rent them from them. You can also get the licenses yourself but you need tens of millions in surety bonds for all of the US, so that in the case you skip town, customers can get paid back with this surety bond. All these things are very expensive or require very favorable partnerships. That type of news would actually be big news. It's not like we don't have exchanges already, Atlas is doing the institutional-exchange side already, but nobody's fully compliant.
Anyway, still great news. Let's not forget, Tim Draper and Steve Case are definitely 'smart money'.
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:11:08
Please elaborate, particularly with checkboxes that bitcoin companies don't tick right now. We've seen a lot of solid law abiding entrepreneurs with VC interests in the UK looking to launch an exchange. These people are able and willing to comply with AML procedures. And that's all there is to it. A bitcoin exchange buys and sells legal assets, all you need to keep track of is anti-money laundering stuff. The bank is not going to integrate bitcoin, just process fiat deposits, and their only responsibility is whether the deposits are used for legal things (bitcoin is legal in the UK) and not used for AML (which top bitcoin companies can ensure). 
I'm wondering what is missing. It seems the UK is quite unique in simply not being interested, particularly as we've seen quite receptive government opinion on bitcoin. See the non-VAT Tax ruling, the work and wording of chancellor George Osborne, the legality of bitcoin, the recent research and cautious praise of bitcoin technology by the Bank of England. And even the strong support of the government of the Isle of Man, whose bitcoin plans were ultimately thwarted by UK banks. Not saying the government and central bank are jumping on the bandwagon and the banks aren't, but they're certainly a lot more enthusiastic and supportive than other countries in Europe or North-America where the banks are fine with it, despite very stringent banking laws. (which, by the way, are very similar as they almost exclusively arise out of the basel accords we all use)
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:48:20
And by this argument, bitcoin will grow forever into the billions of trillions. Sigh.
@_date: 2014-03-16 15:48:47
One thing a lot of people forget: the more merchants there are and the more people buy at these merchants with bitcoin, the more price dampening there is.
It's probable that 90%+ of all bitcoin payments that merchants receive through Coinbase or Bitpay are immediately converted into fiat. That means that whenever you buy products with bitcoin, you're actually instructing a payment processor to sell your bitcoin at an exchange for fiat and pay the merchant with this fiat. Using bitcoin means selling bitcoin right now in the majority of cases.
Secondly, the amount of bitcoins in 2014 will grow by 11.1% due to mining. A fraction of these bitcoins is immediately sold on the market to pay for hardware, electricity and to cash out profit, both often sold in fiat. This also dampens the price.
This will change over time. Overstock is already holding on to a fraction of its bitcoin payments for example, Coinbase is working on an easy automatic buy option to rebuy bitcoin whenever using it, and in just 15 years, 99% of all 21-max bitcoins will have been mined. Combined with institutional investments and lowerng volatility, it's likely the price will suddenly shoot up at some point, perhaps as early as Q3-4 this year or 2015-1016.
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:27:59
I disagree. What we must understand is that gold's value comes from scarcity. There are not many scarce goods around, most things like sand or paper are in too big supply. That in part gives it much of its value.
At one point aluminium was worth more than gold because it was so rare. The washington monument is partially coated in it, to showcase the US's power and wealth. And at a Napoleon banquet, the most honoured guests had aluminium utensils, the rest in gold. Now, it's easily produced, cheap.
So the funny thing to realize is, gold isn't valuable because we want it in our jewelry, we want it in our jewelry because it's valuable. If SpaceX mines asteroids with gold in them and brings back a whole lot and sells it, making the price really cheap, nobody will be interested in wearing yellowy metal things anymore, in the same way nobody is interested in wearing aluminium things these days.
But the interesting thing now is that bitcoin gave us digital scarcity without a centralized distributor. We've never had that before. You could always make a copy of a digital file. And if the file was a password to a centralized service, the copy wouldn't work, but the centralized service was in control of the content which is also crap. Now we have distributed digital scarcity, distributed unique slots in a ledger. So as a store of value, we don't need gold anymore, and as bitcoin is much more practical than gold for security, storage, transfer etc, it can be displaced.
Gold will still have industrial value but right now it trades far beyond its industrial value. Gold will become just another metal used in things like electronics that we don't really care about as a store of value or money anymore.
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:47:37
I don't even know what to say... I feel like you're my 13 year old son on whose behalf I have to apologize to the lady. It's disappointing to see such remarks in virtually every discussion involving a woman, particularly in technology.
@_date: 2014-12-07 08:00:39
Cause it takes me 15 minutes to set up cold storage for free for 95% of my savings which is pretty fool-proof, and keep a small amount in a 2FA insured hot wallet with Circle, and I'm not filthy rich!
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:26:02
@_date: 2014-05-09 09:15:14
Where'd you get that idea? I'd love to get more data on this.
They both have a little over 30k clients. They both have a billion-dollar retailer on-board (with Bitpay's one being about twice as big) as well as a number of high profile companies. 
It's hard to find good numbers on this. It does seem Coinbase processes more volume but they also have a way bigger costbase. For example they wave the first 1m in processing fees, meaning with 30k merchants they wave the first $30b of income. Of course the actual number is not this gigantic, but it's not insignificant. Or if someone invites a friend to a wallet, they pay $5 for that (and $10 to university students with an .edu address). 
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:55:50
Generally they'll credit you the same amount the dollars can now buy in bitcoin.
So say you buy a $500 item, the bitcoin price is $500. You pay 1 bitcoin. A year later (lol) you return it, the bitcoin price is $5000, then you get credited 0.1 bitcoin (or $500 in bitcoins). If the price is $250, then you get 2 bitcoins (or $500 of bitcoins).
Crediting depends, usually they'll credit to your previous wallet, but generally you can also just tell them a new address to send to.
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:30:59
Oh god, for anyone growing up learning French, Quebecois sounds terrible!
Still a cool country, and a nice video. Quick and easy!
@_date: 2014-04-07 15:43:00
To be honest? Pretty much. Firstly, Kraken is not a bank, but you can source liquidity there and keep it anywhere, your computer, phone or even bank vault if you wanted. 
More importantly however, zwarag didn't support the notion that problems aren't problems, of course DoS sucks and of course it's a problem... What he said is that certain temporary problems that do not put any funds at risk are not reasons to go crazy. 
Most online banking services have multiple annual outtages. 
@_date: 2014-08-12 13:05:15
We generally measure poverty in terms of purchasing power. If you earn only $100 a year but the cost of a house+food is $10 per year, then you're rich. That's what purchasing power means.
Purchasing power is generally measured by using a PPP, which is a purchasing power parity.
Here's a list.
World average is about $12k. There's about 180-190 countries. Depending on the data (IMF, World Bank, CIA etc) Kenya ranks around the 160 mark.
That's just not great. You're right, it's not worse than its direct neighbors, but that wasn't GM's point. In fact he specifically said it's a problem of Kenya AND its neighbors, he explicitly said the region.
But if you look at the countries he mentioned, India, Philippines, they're more than twice as wealthy.
@_date: 2014-05-08 19:30:44
Great effort! :D
@_date: 2014-05-28 17:21:05
They're definitely major with about 80 attorneys, but that isn't nearly enough to make them a top 100 law firm (which go from 300-500 all the way up to 4000-5000 attorneys)
There's also a big difference between taking bitcoin and taking bitcoin cases.
Still cool news :)
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:01:17
Well it really depends on your political ideology towards money. Blockchain.info doesn't store your keys exactly, it's more like an online interface to self-stored keys. That sits well with a lot of the bitcoin crowd who enjoy this financial autonomy, it's politically a statement that says 'I control my money'.
But to say it's therefore decentralized or the most secure is nonsense. Blockchain.info is a centralized service with lots of possible weak points. It's not infallible just because it doesn't store keys. And it's not like you don't put 100% trust in Blockchain.info either everytime you use them. If they changed their website to actually save keys on your next login, they'd get access to millions of dollars before anyone would find out. We trust them not to do this everytime we use the service, exactly like Circle. We trust them not to mess up their code so that we have secure keys (they messed this one up just last week), just like we trust Circle not to mess up their code.
The difference is that if Circle did this because of a rogue or a careless employee, you're insured for that. If johoe stole all the money at blockchain.info, you'd be fucked. At Circle? You'd be insured.
Of course the difference is also that if the US government appropriates Circle's database and gives them a gag-order, they could steal all our money and we wouldn't know what happened. While at Blockchain.info, they could appropriate the database, but they couldn't steal money. They could require blockchain.info to save keys though and give them a gag order that they were doing so, and blockchain.info could choose to close down the company instead. In that scenario, Circle isn't the best choice. 
But one can wonder how likely that scenario is. I'd say you have much more to fear from an employee fuckup like happened last week, or an employee theft, both like happened every single year with Mt. Gox being the biggest fuckup ever, than the US government seizing Circle's private keys.
Unless you're Snowden or a criminal, and in that case you probably want to run Armory on a cold storage laptop anyway, so the blockchain vs circle discussion doesn't seem relevant here. If I was either of those two, I wouldn't touch blockchain.info or circle.
In other words, I'd suggest anyone, personally, to just use Circle or Coinbase for your hot wallet, unless they have a reason to hide something (which is perfectly fine), in which case I'd suggest Armory or something rather than Blockchain.info, but bc.info isn't a bad choice either. And for your cold wallet where you keep 90% of your funds or whatever, also use say Armory. But that's me. And I say this with lots of respect and admiration for blockchain.info, I like them, they've been hugely instrumental, but it's got an uninsured point of failure that Circle doesn't have and we've seen this last week. 
So I keep 90% of my savings cold, with personal responsibility and autonomy, and 10% in my hot wallet insured with Circle. I fully appreciate that this is a personal choice, in a different situation I might have chosen entirely differently but this works for me.
@_date: 2014-09-28 09:56:53
@_date: 2014-09-11 22:09:13
Really awkward video haha, it's like an interview-convo mix. Anyway, pretty basic stuff but good stuff. Still, I don't really think it actually makes a point though. For example, if you'd told me a few years ago that skype was centralized or decentralized, I'd go 'so what?'. I would, too, after seeing this video. It's a pretty elaborate 4 minutes to explain that there's no third-party, without elaborating at all on what the implications of that can be, which is the interesting bit.
By the way, I'd have been gold if he repeated the exact same last question twice. Starting with 'and so' and then following up with 'how does this affect the bank of england', until he actually gave an answer. Cause saying 'the bank of england is affected by bitcoin technology in that we'll monitor it' is not really an answer.
@_date: 2014-05-06 15:04:07
But that's utter bullshit. Don't get me wrong, it's good of you and everyone to try to explore different perspectives and try to explain it somehow, but this particular one doesn't hold.
First of all, bitcoin transactions aren't actually transactions at all. If we want to play a game of (legal) semantics, bitcoin is a ledger system, nothing more, nothing less. At its core, it's an information network that doesn't necessarily have anything to do with money or money transactions. Only the slots in the ledger get changed a bit, and only really through a reference of previous references which are recorded in the blockchain. Meanwhile, if you 'request your bank to transfer funds', that's semantically much closer to an actual transaction. I mean let's not forget, Coinbase apps are banned too, while they do exactly the same. 'instruct Coinbase to transfer funds', only it's even less direct, as you're actually instructing Coinbase to pay a merchant with fiat money, as well as get rid of your bitcoin. So this argument wouldn't hold.
To be honest, I can understand Apple banning the use of in-app purchases being paid for with anything but Apple's CC based system. It's shitty, but it's their hardware and software, take it or leave it, even though it's bs. They make 30% on every in-app purchase, that's an important revenue stream for them as it monetizes the appstore. You can't just expect them to give that up after building such a huge platform. Being able to pay for in-app things with bitcoin destroys a big part of their business model, it's understandable to ban it.
But what I don't get is why they block payments outside of Apple. e.g. using a bitcoin to pay for a coffee, or to pay for an item on Ebay. They allow Paypal or your bank's app, but not bitcoin. That's just utter nonsense as it doesn't eat away at their business (anymore than the other apps do), yet there is more reason to switch away from Apple. It's pretty much a mystery to me.
@_date: 2014-09-01 16:21:24
Oh snap, he got you there OP.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:13:31
* Because it's a Deutsche Bank account who will be happy to comply if pressured.
* Because Russia has an anti-bitcoin stance
* Because you'll be surprised how much the CIA/NSA can know without Russian approval
* Because Russia will gladly sacrifise some no-name bitcoin owner for some reciprocal service from other nations like the US.
Get real people. BTC-E is not going to survive 3 years unless it complies. And it will only comply if users say no to an exchange facing huge risks of becoming a de facto Mt. Gox fubar situation until it improves.
Please look up Liberty Reserve. BTC-E is moving more than $1b annually mostly anonymously. If you think governments have no clue about this or don't care, you're fooling yourself hard core.
@_date: 2014-06-08 13:03:43


1. Banking: disintermediation of traditional payment networks, promoting shadow 
transacting. 
2. Economic activity: disruption of traditional channels of commerce with high potential 
for illicit use. 
3. Financial stability: potential as a contagion of instability through volatility or lapse in 
network integrity. 
Systemically, Bitcoin’s nascency makes it more curiosity than threat. 
That's what they said. Basically they identified why it would be a threat if it was big, and then said it wasn't big, it was nascent. And that's completely true.
Obviously, not an answer with a long-term perspective, but it's not incorrect.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:36:15
This. It'd be a bit tricky. For example if you 'sell' a traveler's check of $100 worth for $100, you're a money transmitter. And the law generally will not recognize a loophole like saying 'I'm not selling a traveler's check, I sold him a bag of cookies for $5, and he paid me $105 with his credit card, and I gave him a $100 traveler's check as change'. You're still a money transmitter (unless it's a one-time thing, but if you offer this as part of your business structurally, you're a MT). So I don't think bitcoin can get away with that in the same way.
It might be possible, but most bitcoin merchants don't even touch bitcoin, they just take fiat from sold coins through a payment processor. So we can't expect these merchants to be in the business of taking such legal adventures.
But check out  They're looking to turn thousands of regular shops into bitcoin vending machines basically. You order bitcoin online at 1 company, then go to any shop and pay them in fiat, and they'll activate your online order. So you don't actually buy from them, you buy from the company who is responsible for all the licensing. The shops just act as well, the shops.
@_date: 2014-07-12 11:00:18
Depends. Generally if it's traded on an exchange that your trading platform was trading on already, it shouldn't be a problem. You can just buy in, that's the whole point of the ETF.
Of course you can't be the market maker who arbitrages the fund just like that. You'd need to be an authorized party for that. But that's just for arbitrage. If you just want exposure to the bitcoin price you can just buy shares.
As for your 401k, please realize that a 401k is not to get rich, it's not to  invest and make money in your 30s, it's not to gamble on. The whole point is to get a safe and steady return allowing you to live comfortably when you're 70. Please don't take this lightly. Bitcoin very much has the potential to go to 0, it's one of the most risky investments, and while I would recommend anyone to put some disposable savings into it, a 401k is systemically a bad idea. In that, if everyone invested their 401k in assets with the risk profile of bitcoin, you'd have a gigantic problem within 5 years, it's not good practice. This is repeated by everyone, every core developer of bitcoin etc.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:02:52
It'd completely devalue bitcoin.
Imagine you play Monopoly with $100k in total between all players. The bank makes money moving this $100k around. Then one day the bank creates another $100k. Everyone's money is now worth half as much. Everyone loses trust in the bank and switches to a different form of money, a different currency. The bank loses its entire business of transferring money (including transactions in blocks for fees) and any money it was holding rapidly declines in value. 
This matters extra because mining is a game of making very substantial medium to long-term capital investments, both into hardware as well as factory capacity to manufacture such hardware as well as research to design the hardware.
@_date: 2014-05-17 00:34:04
This. Bitcoin's only value is frictionless. Bitcoin is better than gold because it's portable, easy to transfer, divisible etc, because it's digital. All these things make it frictionless. That's why it's an interesting currency because currency is supposed to facilitate trade and make it frictionless. Trade with someone in real life, or someone across the world, bitcoin can do it.
Guess what happens if you make it illegal... it's no longer frictionless. No company accepts it. You can't use Coinbase or Circle. Bitpay doesn't process transactions. You can't wire money to Bitstamp, if they even exist anymore. Overstock wouldn't accept bitcoin, nobody could not publicly. You couldn't have a bitcoin ATM. In other words, bitcoin would become localbitcoins.com, only you'd never know if you were meeting with an FBI agent or an actual person selling you bitcoins.
It'd be the least frictionless currency out there and completely useless for what it's useful for. 
None of this can be compared to drugs as the inherent interest in drugs has nothing to do with how easy it is to obtain it, in fact it might have an ironic opposite effect. Many of us still want drugs even if it's hard to obtain, some even more so.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:55:52


Sure that sounds very sensible!


Yeah sort of. I try to keep the analogies abstract because if you get too specific, you run into various technical caveats.
For example, HD wallets use a 'seed' key. This means that you have a sort of 'master' private key, from which all other private keys are derived. This means this key could actually access all funds in the wallet. 
But otherwise, yes, each private key is a unique key which allows you to unlock bitcoin funds stored on its public key's address and nothing else.
Cool to hear you made a website! :) Let us know if you ever want to post it or want people to test it or give feedback, or if you can't find some documentation or are looking for specific API functionality.
@_date: 2014-04-14 20:15:13
fuck yeah :D
@_date: 2014-04-02 16:25:50
What does it say? Again, there is evidence Mt. Gox's funds were split into many smaller addresses *after* Mt. Gox stopped trading and there is reason to assume they may have been stolen.
That means either of two things
* 1) All bitcoin owned by 1million+ Mt. Gox owners was stolen and is now in the hands of an individual or a small group of hackers. They then split some addresses up, creating many new addresses with bitcoins in them. In other words, fewer bitcoin owners, more bitcoin addresses. 
* 2) Mt. Gox funds weren't stolen and could be returned. Still, addresses belonging to Mt. Gox split their funds into many smaller addresses. That means the same amount of bitcoin owners but more addresses.
In both cases the blockchain says nothing about the correlation between addresses and users. In fact, in the first scenario, it has a negative correlation. (more addresses with bitcoins were generated while there were fewer bitcoin owners)
Another example, Bitstamp. They made one huge transaction to a single address to prove they owned some 200k bitcoins or so. As such they consolidated many small addresses. This is probably partly responsible for the sharp spike down in the number of addresses with 0.01 bitcoin. Yet, the number of users actually grew slightly during the same period.
Again, no correlation, or in fact, an opposite correlation. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:57:14
In that case my point stands, you miss even the most basic knowledge of events in this ecosystem and thus are unaware of even basic facts. You talk of regulation without knowing even if there is any need for it. It's like trying to discuss the need for a local police force without knowing if there is zero or a lot of crime, which hopefully sounds as ridiculous to you as it does to me. Give me a break already. Take care.
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:20:59
One of the issues I have with Ripple is that it's proprietary, and that the founders and organisation behind it have an extremely large amount of ripple in their hands, with a less than perfect track record of handling community/pr/stakeholder type stuff.
They're far from evil demons, I don't want to portray them poorly. But the basic governance structure (the systems, not the people) I think aren't very strong.
Stellar for example seems to be much better thought out, as a pure non-profit with very clear guidelines as to how stakeholders and developers are rewarded. But that, too, is proprietary.
For something that's not even supposed to be geocentric, for something to truly occur globally, and be open and free to all, I think this notion of a proprietary software-based currency that's developed out of an office of a US organisation, also has issues.
But more importantly, ripple isn't similar to bitcoin in its promise. It's fundamentally different, as it's not a store of value. It's a payment system. So ripple is really something one could use to transfer e.g. dollar value over the internet. But at the end, you still need to trust your currency, and you still need to trust and use gateways. And these gateways aren't censorship resistant. Wikileaks would've been hard to fund with ripple as it's really based on this 'I trust this node and that node'. Banks would simply marginalize and ostracize and boycott and put an embargo on any nodes their government doesn't like.
So it's not a currency, not a store of value, has no effect on monetary policy, isn't inflation resistant, and is prone to censorship.
In short, it's a better SWIFT, that's proprietary with governance issues and hasn't really made any serious waves just yet. Not terribly exciting to me, but it's interesting to keep an eye on.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:08:55
Yeah you could do those things.
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:13:25
Which is the definition of free. You pay the price at the exchange without extra cost. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:23:50
Obviously, the sentiment that people are willing to buy at $600 is not the same sentiment of people willing to buy at $10.
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:35:44
Satoshi has spoken lol.
Anyway this guy seems like a real standup guy. I hope Skyhook can discount him a new machine, perhaps sell it to him at cost. And I'd be willing to chip in $5 myself. Can he reach out to us to get this set up?
Unless of course he can fix the machine.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:49:07
Did you read your own article?


That's literally what I already said.
Do I think it will happen? Yes I think so, but what I said was that it's not certain yet. We'll see.
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:28:57
Love the title and the effort. We should all save this link and post it every now and then when talking about bitcoin adoption among merchants.
@_date: 2014-09-14 02:47:54
I haven't really seen any evidence for overwhelming, would be happy to look into it if you can talk a bit about the numbers you're seeing/expecting and why they're a problem on the technology available to us now and in the future.
Scaling is certainly not completely trivial on a technical level, but it looks like it's very doable. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 23:31:37
Guess what Brock, it's your fucking responsibility to speak on foundation matters. There's obvious and unprecedented backlash to your membership from the community you were elected to serve. 
It's one thing to not step down (after all, you were apparently elected by actual paying members), but you can't sit in silence. 
You *have* to comment on the fact that within 24 hours about 5% of only 140 or so members said goodbye to their membership. At LEAST that. 
And if you're courageous, you ought to face the community's doubts and uncertainties about your past and explain why an obviously sullied reputation won't burden your role as a public persona representing bitcoin, when multiple people before you have left for those very same reasons. Your role at the foundation is to protect and serve bitcoin, not yourself.
We expect to hear from you. Also, I can assure you there'll be a shitstorm over this. If this isn't addressed, it will become one of those key events that everyone will forever refer to when explaining why the foundation has an image of corruption and shadiness. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 23:15:15
Dressing up as Satoshi seen as sort of a stereotypical hollywood 80s/90s carricature of someone who'd develop bitcoin or any other global computer-science innovation for that matter, a mad-scientist, extreme nerd, lab geek with an almost cyberpunk set of glasses, with Satoshi being a likely cypherpunk or at least doing pretty much everything the cypherpunk community was doing.
In other words, pretty funny but I guess not for everyone...
@_date: 2014-06-30 16:50:41
Hope so... to be honest it's really surprising how gullible people seem to be. 
I mean, it's one thing to trust someone over the internet who has a good deal laid out infront of you which may or may not be actually true. I can imagine people making that mistake, at least the deal looks good, right?
But to actually have someone show you a bad deal, on paper, in numbers, and then to buy into it regardless... 
that's just a whole 'nother level that I didn't expect after all these years. But yeah, just goes to show again how nascent this whole ecosystem really is.
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:42:25
Yup, point them to takeaway.com (owned by thuizbezorgd, a Dutch company that has 5.000 restaurants in the Netherlands accepting bitcoin)
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:05:36
Super shady, indeed. It doesn't mean he's guilty. He's still never been charged, after he was arrested he was released without charges.
But yeah, can't say he didn't have shady as hell friends for at least some time.
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:21:55
It's an interesting discussion but in all honesty, let's be realistic, it's too late :P
@_date: 2014-06-28 23:01:50
Fun fact, armory apparently closed after a while due to lack of interest.
@_date: 2014-03-26 12:16:39
Bitcoin could really use these kinds of production values for non-parodic material (e.g. informational, educational, marketing)
@_date: 2014-04-07 12:28:17
Aaah now I see why the bitcoin CEO doesn't invite you to sales meetings any longer...
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:22:36
replace airdrop with distribute (in the context of technology, generally digital distribution)
@_date: 2014-10-09 17:05:33
Particularly with the following sentence 'and it'd still be more transparent than what we have today'.
@_date: 2014-12-26 04:52:48
Yes FB has a pretty elaborate API that would allow something like this. FB of course isn't as public as reddit (due to tons of private settings creating private-content that requires permissions to view), so you might need to request some extra permissions from the user as opposed to reddit, but yes it's very much possible.
@_date: 2014-06-22 07:28:37
Cause the ecosystem completely sucks right now. 
People are excited about bitcoin in the same way an IQ test of a 6 year old of 300 is exciting. We know his genes say he's intelligent, but any adult can still crush him in math or spelling. But we know that in 10 years he might crush everyone else. Bit simplistic but that's the general idea.
Bitcoin has been very well received with merchants actually. There's now about 100k merchants that accept bitcoin which is a pretty gigantic number. The average SME has about $3-4m of revenues, so we're talking about a few hundred billion dollars of sales capacity that could've been 100% bitcoin if people used it. But frankly, for me, in the Netherlands, I pay instantly offline and online at no real fees, bitcoin isn't a gigantic imperative or as interesting as merchants able to reduce chargeback risk to 0 and cut fees by half.
2014 was the first year we've seen bitcoin actually beat other things though by a significant margin in niche areas, e.g. BitPesa that's 3x cheaper to remit money to a popular remittance corridor, that's quite a safe bet to grow very popular very quickly. Or Gyft/egifter which offer 3-6% discounts, that has very clear incentives. Or Overstock that's now going to offer 3% discounts. So this is going to take off, as for the first time, we're seeing serious incentives for users (beyond just an investment opportunity)
And we're seeing $250m of VC investments meaning well-funded companies who can attract top engineering/security/UI/compliance/marketing talent. So 2016-2017 will definitely see tens of very professional companies offering disruptive products.
@_date: 2014-05-09 09:42:35
awesome, remember how they didn't want to give a date? Now one version is shipping and the other has a date on it!
@_date: 2014-03-09 18:38:35
That's a joke. Have you heard anyone working at any of the top 25 bitcoin companies speak on their talks with governments at all? There's massive interest from governments, they do take it seriously, there are lots of talks, you had the director of fincen speak at a bitcoin conference just recently and we've seen cases in the past (e.g. Liberty Reserve) where governments have stepped in to enforce regulation and consumer protection in a huge way in digital currencies before.
I know it's easy to say that non-bitcoiners, regulators, the governments, the banks etc all don't get it and don't take it seriously, but that's only partly true and that's a very important distinction from completely true.
@_date: 2014-11-04 18:58:58
Aah you're too kind!
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:36:37
I think it's simply most securities that are digitally traded nowadays. Stuff like gold and oil futures don't really happen by issuing them on paper, they're all digital.
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:59:39
Thanks Marco, TBI. Let's try to all join in on this dialogue. It'd be quite a feat if we could build a somewhat united voice on at least some of the proposed regulatory points, and speak as a community of users, merchants, payment processors, exchanges, wallets and investors. 
It's important to note that NY is probably frontrunning the state-side regulatory approach. It's likely that whatever the first 3 states do, at least about 40 other states will more or less copy with small adjustments. So it's very important to try to direct this piece of legislation towards an outcome that does not stifle innovation and does not unnecessarily burden bitcoin ventures, especially not above and beyond the diligence duties of traditional payment methods.
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:51:12
The infrastructure necessary is non-trivial. For example, a 10mb block might balloon the blockchain too quickly. But that's a software solution that can be found. It's being worked on, but it's not an immediate issue as we're currently averaging about 10% usage of the peak rate.
But the consensus issue is a non-issue, because miners are incentivized to agree to a hard fork that is scalable. If the protocol is stuck with 7 tps, I wouldn't expect bitcoins to hold much value for long and their income disappears. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:01:08
Governments have to change the laws. I agree, it's fucked up for a taxi driver to need a license and do all kinds of extra shit uber drivers don't, but then the law needs to change because frankly, satisfaction rates with uber are just fine, so obviously the law isn't protecting consumer interests anymore. But that's not a problem of Uber is it.
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:43:34
Would it be feasible to build a decentralized pool operator like GHASH with no central authority, just an operator that relays any valid block's headers and distribute block rewards?
Because 45% really is worrying, to me.
@_date: 2014-09-11 22:44:41
Oh, given you're not a big fanboy, how did you stumble upon Coinbase and what convinced you to join?
@_date: 2014-05-22 10:09:48
@_date: 2014-04-16 12:15:50
No and yes. And a TOS is less relevant than you'd think. Courts have regularly thrown clauses out of the window that weren't valid. For example, you can't sign away constitutional rights. A contract in which you sell yourself as a slave for example is not valid in any court. Similarly, you can't sign for someones permission to steal your funds. 
There's a shitton of crap you find in contracts that have no validity in the court of law. For example, employees can't sign away their right to a safe work environment, usually one can't sign away the responsibility of risk of a care taker for things like negligence.
Anyway, I'd be happy to look at anything in the TOS that you think conflicts with Mt. Gox inability to lawfully take customer funds and pass them on to another party. You'd be surprised how weak the TOS.
For example, if in the TOS it said that the mechanic could sell your car that you brought in for repairs in the case of his bankruptcy, or in any other ridiculous unrelated case (like if he wanted to buy a house), it doesn't matter if it's contractually agreed on. A judge will throw it out the window and you get your car back. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:28:30
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:39:20
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:40:31
Respect! 
@_date: 2014-06-04 12:09:01
Great post bud!
@_date: 2014-06-05 15:01:59
Thanks for posting this.
On Nr 1, he said this too back in March or April. DISH was actually for me a consolidation of that talk he gave. Back then he said there were ongoing talks with merchants, and given these things can take months, I had expected to see it happen in about a week or now in mid-june, but it was a bit sooner.
The CEO (Brian Armstrong) also just noted in an interview with bloomberg that Overstock brought a lot of attention and that from there, they launched some talks with big retailers like DISH and worked on the integration. 
So I definitely expect at least 3 more billion-dollar retailers (revenue-wise) to accept bitcoin this year.
Actually for me the biggest thing right now is user adoption, which your Nr 2 point will help with a lot. (the whole Apple thing really, makes this a lot more frictionless). Cause it seems that merchant adoption is outpacing user adoption and that's okay, but the gap has to be narrowed at some point. Bitcoin is a no-brainer for a lot of merchants, through a processor they take no risk, pay less fees, get free marketing and increase their userbase. Hopefully we can see some incentive programmes from merchants soon to increase user adoption a bit. Apple was great news in this regard, and hopefully Circle will be too, I assume they'll open up in Q4 this year.
Love the fact that Brian and Fred are actually really good speakers. Good stuff for TV.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:50:58
lol give me a break
@_date: 2014-05-29 22:22:58
Just TV though? I mean I pay like $40 for TV+Internet+HomelinePhone a month.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:59:43
Point is though, you can hardly regulate cash. And that's what bitcoin is, digital cash.
But you can regulate banks, and that's fine by me. Just last week we've heard multiple CEOs of bitcoin companies clearly say 'banks are the biggest hurdle'. If you don't have a bank servicing you you can't run a business like Coinbase, Bitpay, an ATM, Circle, or any exchange. Look at China, they killed the ecosystem by taking the banks out of the equation. No business can operate these days by mailing around cash.
So the more regulatory clearance there is, the safer banks feel working with bitcoin, the better. 
That has limits of course, it will invite other hardships, too, but I think it's naive to expect us to go forward for another 5 years without regulation. That's not to say that it's a good thing, but that it's inevitable.
But as long as there's an underlying protocol that allows peer to peer transactions that can't be regulated, that doesn't necessitate ANY intermediary, I think it's feasible to say the banks are limited in their monopoly this time. And as the ecosystem grows, the on and off-ramps that allow bitcoin to interface with fiat becomes less important.
@_date: 2014-12-20 05:41:16
Whatsapp has 600 million users at $19 billion of whom many extremely active throughout the entire day (my gf), bitcoin at $5 billion has less than 10 million of whom probably more than half own bitcoin without using it more than once a month. By your standard I'd definitely call it a bubble.
Does it matter? No, bitcoin and corporations are valued based on completely different valuations models. It's like comparing apples and oranges. Did anyone here take a course in corporate finance or is it just me?
As for whether bitcoin is a bubble? Well, yes, I'd certainly say so. If people only bought bitcoin for its use, and never in the hope it'll one day be worth a lot more, then bitcoin at today's usage probably wouldn't even be worth $1 billion. And that's okay. Anything that people think is going to be awesome and valuable will be over-priced in the short term, that's called a bubble and it's an indication that there is a large amount of faith that said thing will work out. It depends on whether it's justified or not. Seeing the housing market bubble to 200% because people without any money or any hope of paying for their mortgage buy a house, that's a fucked up bubble. People paying $100 a share for a company worth $50 based on their product/customerbase because everyone expects it to become the next-best-thing, e.g. Facebook, that's also a bubble but one that is justified.
Of course you can never tell if something is justified except in hindsight. But in my own *personal* opinion I'd say that bitcoin such a good chance of becoming a key element in digital finance for potentially billions of people, that I'm quite willing to buy bitcoin even when they're overpriced in the short term. 
But none of that has anything to do with a comparison to Whatsapp.
@_date: 2014-07-03 09:55:13
Davout has been pretty unprofessional on reddit quite often and 9/10 posts I read from him are of combative nature. Quite unprofessional, too, calling customers idiots and whiney punk bitches. Now I'm not going to play holy and say I've never called anyone that, but it speaks volumes when a company director says this to a customer or an observer, it's just unprofessional.
More importantly, let's not forget he ran a wallet besides paymium that was hacked and apparently (can someone confirm?) had essentially made the URL made of the private key. (e.g. your wallet would be instawallet.com/yourkey or something to that effect). Extremely insecure and really, really silly. 
That worries me. Now Paymium actually looks pretty nice, and I've read their blog before and they take security seriously for example. So I'm a bit conflicted. I welcome competition, but I don't quite see what they offer above and beyond BitPay and in bitcoin I think it's important to learn from our mistakes. So let's just say, I won't be their first customer or recommend them. But if others try it and are consistently happy, that might change. In any case I'm glad to see them build product.
@_date: 2014-08-05 12:39:20
How do you know there's no private key that would create that address? If you don't know then it could just be a valid address...
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:34:10
Trade in Euro, it's great. 2k daily volume at the moment. Nothing insane but definitely enough liquidity (1 million dailly) to move your bitcoins unless you're looking to hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of coin in a single day.
Of course, you'll need to withdraw in Euro and therefore generally want to be in the SEPA, unless you only want to deposit, trade and withdraw crypto. (BTC/LTC mainly), then it's fine too.
@_date: 2014-06-21 10:52:19
Really awesome, went to bed at night comfortably yesterday knowing we're a bit closer to bits, and a bit closer to frictionless usage of bitcoin. Really great.
@_date: 2014-05-15 13:37:37
The velocity actually isn't that bad, compare it to gold for example. So there's about $8 trillion of gold and about $15 trillion traded annually. Check this source for some information on this:
Let's round it down to gold is roughly traded 2x over on an annual basis. That means about 0.55% of all gold is traded daily.
Now let's look at bitcoin yesterday. 12.8m bitcoins in existance and 100k bitcoins were exchanged yesterday (excluding change addresses). About 0.78%.
In other words, the velocity of bitcoin is actually faster than gold by about 50% faster. Of course, it's to be expected, gold is barely used for payments, bitcoin is to some extent.
But the gold figure of $15 trillion included OTC trade that isn't registered anywhere as well as futures and gold I.O.Us which to an extent is comparable to off-chain transactions. If you actually consider how much bitcoin is exchanged off-chain at Bitstamp or at Coinbase, the velocity of bitcoin is likely a lot faster than what appears on the blockchain.
So velocity of bitcoin ain't too bad. This is especially in response to professor bitcorn who always says that only a fraction of all bitcoins are traded daily, without mentioning this is true for pretty much everything else.
It's true that velocity of money does play a role though and it's likely to go up, possibly even faster than e.g. fiat because bitcoin is digital, thereby frictionless, thereby easy to spend many times over and pass through the system. If you don't use it as a store of value and only as a constant medium of exchange, 10 bitcoins (1 billion satoshi tokens) might actually be sufficient if the velocity of money is insanely high. But I doubt it'll ever get that extreme. Velocity of money might get 10 faster, but there's still a potential 10x increase in use and 1000x increase in userbase, so a $10k or $50k bitcoin I think is pretty realistic. $1m... eh, it's such a stretch, I can't say anything meaningful about it, but frankly it wouldn't excite me anyway from an investment perspective.
@_date: 2014-06-16 15:15:49
Well no.
Say you have a piece of bread and divide it in 10 pieces. If you then divide those 10 pieces in another 10 pieces, the total value is exactly the same but now you have 100 pieces instead of 10, it just allows you to e.g. eat a smaller piece at once, or give away a smaller piece to someone else, than if you only had 10 big pieces.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:21:18
Would absolutely do it, if I was in SF :P
Anyway, great idea. Consider craigslist or something, I know it's tricky to find a bitcoiner there but who knows, at least you get massive exposure for a short while and SF is the right place to be. (but bitcoin in the title)
@_date: 2014-04-14 12:07:34
They already have this though..
@_date: 2014-10-09 16:39:19
Sweet. You built a de-facto fiat-bill teleportation machine :P
In all seriousness, this is the type of stuff that can drive us forward. Keep us up to date on your progress.
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:48:16
Hah, that's ridiculous. So they took away my secure encrypted private keys and gave me a 4 pin password, and if anyone guesses it, I'm not insured. Oh and I'm paying for this, however small amount. lol.
The 20 million VC funding and some of the reputable people funding/running this does not sound like a scam. But if that wasn't part of the story, I wouldn't have been surprised if every year some small percentage of 4-pin passwords were guessed by a 'hacker' that's actually them haha.
Let's see how this checks out. Hope to hear more of this story. I can't imagine this ridiculous service being all there is to it.
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:41:31
Absolutely, in the long-run. Today? Perhaps not, it depends. Most countries' police forces are wholly unfamiliar, depending on if they're overworked, they'd look into it, particularly if the country has moved to regulate bitcoin. (e.g. in the US it's both a money-substitute and seen as property by law. For a police officer to ignore the theft of bitcoin would be unlawful.)
I think it's important to note that it doesn't actually have *that* much to do with bitcoin. What matters is that someone walked out of the store with a $600 playstation without paying. If the police doesn't recognize bitcoin, that's theft to them, as they haven't paid and walked away with product. If the police does recognize bitcoin, it's trivially easy to prove bitcoins weren't received and that the person walked away with the product and the bitcoins and thus didn't pay, again, theft.
The key thing to remember is, only the owner of the private keys can sign a transaction. As such, if someone double spends, HE or SHE double spent, not anyone else. As double-spending is trivially easy to detect and prove, and as the person who purchased the product is responsible for the double spend, it's pretty easy to prove theft. As such it shouldn't be any less punishable than if the person took the playstation 4 and just walked out without paying dollars or bitcoin.
The only exception is if a hacker stole the private keys, but didn't withdraw any bitcoin, and ran some server to double-spend any transaction that the legitimate owner makes giving the hacker a ~50% chance of the hackers' transaction to be included in the blockchain instead of the legitimate transaction, as opposed to a 100% chance if he just took the coins right away. I think it's clear, while this is possible, it's extremely unlikely.
@_date: 2014-05-06 15:06:59
Does a bitcoin wallet? I mean, you never *really* hold any bitcoin anywhere, it's simply not how that works. If you can even speak of bitcoin 'being somewhere', it's in the blockchain, which can be seen as 'Paypal's money-database'. So your bitcoin is never really on your phone.
Let's not forget, private keys, semantically, could just be seen as a password to the function of transferring (signing a tx) bitcoin. All the app holds is your password and an ability to tell the network you want to make a transfer. It's similar to Paypal in that you enter the password, and all you do is tell the Paypal network you want to make a transaction.
@_date: 2014-10-12 10:51:06


Welcome, maybe?


Not yet. 
But riddle me this... Johnny's mother has three children. The first child is named April. The second child is named May. What is the third child ‘s name?
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:41:09
Well, 0 evidence that it's the case.
But agreed, it wouldn't surprise me. Every bank, Paypal and about 90% of bitcoin exchange volume is subject to KYC/AML. There is a reason they want a copy of your ID and utility bill. It's nothing new. And really, 95% of Coinbase users who just want to buy some sheets at Overstock just don't care.
But sure, anyone who wants to see Coinbase move to Panama to get a bank &amp; government to allow them to do business without KYC/AML can simply use Liberty Reserve. Oh wait...
@_date: 2014-04-22 13:44:09
Banks perceive more issues and risks than profits. The best they'll do right now is serve bitcoin exchanges and even that is limited.
@_date: 2014-05-20 10:56:50
Thanks so much for this by the way. Having lots of fun listening to many of the other talks :)
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:32:15
They're most likely prosecuters trying to build as large of a case as possible. They weren't incorrect stating the number 'at today's prices', but it's entirely misleading.
Interestingly, this benefits them because prosecutors are generally regarded for their reputation in prosecuting large criminals, rather than wasting time with petty theft.
In this particular case it's quite shameful because it's extremely clear that when in early january they made this statement, the prices were around 10x higher than when they shut down Silk Road. In other words, the value of Silk Road trade was extremely clear to have been *at least* 10x smaller than they purported, and likely much less, because Silk Road launched when bitcoin was worth less than $1. (all the way down to 1000x less than when the 'todays prices' were made).
@_date: 2014-04-22 20:37:10
It's only been a few days since I posted in another thread panicking about blockchain having faulty data. It's only a small amount of data, but even 0.01% being off can look like a 51% attack or a huge double spend. So guys, whenever you see messed up data, double check it with another source. So far it's pretty much always blockchain.info having a tiny bit of faulty data that's fixed the next day.
@_date: 2014-07-14 10:37:56
Very nice!
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:03:52
Looks tight.
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:48:17
Bitcoin ecosystem
This is just a PSA, I hope it's added to the topic intro. Please focus your ideas on creating an ecosystem where bitcoin circulates. For example, getting the campus restaurant to accept bitcoin is great and should be done, but if it's the only thing, it's easy to imagine students spending $100 on food and drink in a month while the restaurant cashes out. The MIT community is then drained of bitcoins and students will need to battle with exchanges and bank accounts and wire transfers to obtain new bitcoin.
Instead, let's try to create more of a student-to-student economy first. For example, a bitcoin tutoring service would allow students to earn bitcoin from other students. Considering every student might have its own strengths to tutor, in an unrealistic utopian scenario you'd have everyone earning and spending bitcoin and getting smarter. Let's try to get as close as possible to such ideas and keep the bitcoin in the community, yet keep the bitcoin rolling :)
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:04:04
Inflation is a word that's rarely specified. There's inflation of the money supply and that is necessary to get stable prices because of population and productivity growth affecting supply &amp; demand, so changing the money supply is necessary to cause stable prices. Bitcoin doesn't have this and likely prices will never be stable, they'll forever go down slightly over the long run.
Second to that is inflation of prices. Of course that's an oxymoron, 2% change in prices does not mean the price doesn't change, that's obvious. But, on planet earth we generally speak in relative terms. So say if the price of bitcoin changed by 2% in the span of a year, we'd call the bitcoin price extremely stable, although its price changed by 2%.
More broadly, economists generally like modestly low inflation like 2%ish because it encourages a small amount of spending, yet does not cause all kinds of problems like sticky prices and people losing all their money in a year. It's not as bad as people make it out to be. The problem is that 8/10 countries don't have such nice 2% inflation that we often see in OECD countries. There are many countries with 8, 15 or even up to 50% inflation RIGHT NOW. And for those countries, bitcoin can be a lifesaver. And let's not forget the US and various EU countries also had +8% inflation in recent history. Just look at the US in the 70s.
@_date: 2014-03-18 13:38:05
Yup it's pretty common. That's why 99.99% of banking services that involve funds are self-hosted, I don't think you can find any bank anywhere that runs its shit in the cloud because it's so susceptible to social engineering.
It's pretty pathetic to see Bitcoin companies still run in the cloud, but that's the life of early adopters in a new technology. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 17:54:53
CNN: 


Market  Watch: 




Or let's try another country, UK
Telegraph: 


I'm not talking about that single bank you found that offers some awesome rate. I'm talking about averaging costs of more than a hundred million people. 
Where's the lie? I'm not talking about opening a bank account and the bank guy saying 'oh sure, please pay $200 for a year and I'll open it'. I'm talking about COSTS. That's different from price. Price is what you pay for a ticket to a concert. Costs is what you pay for the drive to the concert, the expensive drinks at the concert, i.e. the cost of having a good time. And it turns out, with all the fees for your banking services the average costs lies somewhere around $200. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 10:49:35
That's not how currency works. If a currency is at $1 per coin, you can buy a $50 item with $50 worth of coins, if the currency is at $1000 per coin, you can buy a $50 item with $50 of coins. Nothing changes. If the coin hits $2500 then by very definition the coin has a lot more interest, and by very definition, holders of the coin now have a larger amount of value and are interested in spending it. (in the same way you'd spend your chocolate chips if they happened to be worth $2500 tomorrow).
An increasing price doesn't really make bitcoin prohibitively expensive or stop people from using it. Although I do agree, I'd much prefer a gradual increase in price. The insane 100x appreciation that happened between Oct and Dec 2013, if that ever happens again, I'd rather see it happen over 5 years than two months.
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:09:31
This is pretty ridiculous. You're talking as if Obama's foreign and monetary policy in the interest of geopolitics is a factor in the US being 'pro bitcoin'. I doubt anyone in the whitehouse has ever spent more than 15 minutes looking into it. It's purely Fincen and the IRS and some regulators and 2-3 congressmen, it has nothing to do with foreign policy or monetary policy lol. That's just a ridiculous statement. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:14:41
lol, still awesome bro. A wallet that syncs between android, iphone, PC, laptop, macbook, linux, chromebook and hell, let's just throw tizen and firefoxOS in there, too, is AWESOME.
Hell, if you wrap it with ludeo's cocoonjs you'll have a slick ass native app ready to go :) Lots of upside potential given the ios market isn't very saturated ;)
Good luck!
@_date: 2014-06-16 22:04:14
Yo buddy!
I thought this question was about whether I wanted to see the industry change to 'bits', but it's one of your famous bitcoin tipping threads! Keep up the good work mate.
In any case, just wanted to reaffirm my support for the 'bits' concept, as well as your tireless tipping! 1 upvote @_date: 2014-05-15 14:46:08
The CEO just said it took them about 1 week and 1 perhaps '1 and a half' engineers to implement bitcoin as a payment method.
He also said 150 of their merchants have turned on the option today. They have about 10 thousand active merchants in total. (more in total, but 10k active ones, but some only operate in the summer for example).
Hope that helps :)
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:38:33
Fortunately, it's a pretty clever system. 
"A merchant that accepts bitcoin generates a code for the transaction (using Bitpay or another bitcoin POS provider. “They are all the same,” says Van der Klein.), and then presents that code to the user. The user says, “OK Glass, make a payment,” and Glass then scans the code. The details appear on Glass’ display and a user nods twice to complete the transaction."
@_date: 2014-07-12 12:38:08
lol, that's actually pretty damn awesome.
@_date: 2014-05-26 19:37:44
Often taxes are paid on the basis of residence and the location of assets and usually there's agreements to prevent double-taxes.
So if you're French and live in France, you pay French taxes. You'll also pay taxes on your house in Germany, as well as taxes in Germany on the same house, but your German taxes will generally be deducted from your French taxes to prevent you from paying taxes twice.
It really depends per country though. But generally you'd want to move to Germany and become a long-term resident there and pay your taxes there and give up your residence wherever you are now.
There's no real other way. For example, all those stories you here of people stashing money in Swiss banks? That's not cause the taxes are low. It's still your capital and you pay capital gains tax wherever you are (unless you actually become a Swiss resident). It's because the swiss banks didn't use to tell your tax authority about your money there, so it was tax evasion, not tax avoidance.
So consider changing residency if you have enough bitcoin gains. And whatever you do, talk to an accountant :)
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:19:28
This is a great question. I'd love to aggregate some more data in this thread.
Anyway, the key takeaway for me was that bitcoin wasn't exploding in 2011, 2012 or 2013. Only between Oct-Jan did something absolutely massive happen, a culmination of silk road closing, tons of media, positive US congressional hearings, the launch of half a dozen of exchanges including in the Chinese market where Chinese state TV was actually broadcasting educational bitcoin pieces, in the aftermath of things like the Cyprus banking crisis.
After that, of course we had to normalize. Of course we had to bounce back from the hype. But we didn't just do that. We normalized PLUS China de-facto clamped down with near equivalent results as an outright ban. PLUS the biggest ever exchange lost everyone's money. There was a ton of bad news, things got hacked, then one of the biggest mobile platforms, Apple, banned bitcoin wallets. So not only was there a normalization after a small hype-bubble, but also a shitton of bad news + bans from various countries and a huge mobile platform.
So of course Chamath downsized his wallet forecast from a ridiculous trend in a bubble-period, (December or so) by 40% in March around the time Mt. Gox was crashing. He didn't do that just now around early August.
Anyway there's a pretty good explanation and some other data to show it's not as bad as one might think. But yeah, of course some of the dogecoin-like to the moon in 12 months rhetoric on this subreddit is completely unrealistic. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:22:06
Oooh SHIT. Nice. If this refers to bitcoin (as an 'approved currency') then Bitcoin became just a little more frictionless for millions of users virtually overnight as everyone releases their apps.
Awesome move. Respect to all the individuals and companies working tirelessly to build an awesome ecosystem with or without Apple that has gained momentum and credibility in the face of some of the worst dirt (e.g. Silkroad, CryptoLocker, Mt. Gox) a product can imagine, to the extent that it's now so credible and well-spoken about that a company like Apple reverses its decision.
Let's hope this ends up being as it sounds. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:44:56
Hi, I'm danny. I didn't want to return to Cyprus where I left a my employees unpaid and left a bankrupt company that raised $6m two months ago, because threats were made to my daughters' life. Oh, and I left my daughter, who is in danger for her life, in Cyprus.
Why did I leave Cyprus in the first place? Oh, cause I ran into liquidity issues, barely a month after raising millions of dollars. 
Please note that I own a Bentley, generally valued at 200k. But I'm not selling that to improve the liquidity issues. 
Meanwhile, according to me, my daughter's life is in danger in another country. More importantly to me though, my Bentley is in danger, that's why I got the license plates changed.
Bye guys.
(All reconstructed from things he said, and this is only the beginning. He also lost most his money on Mt. Gox. While trying to start a bitcoin bank, he actually sold most bitcoins he owned early October, because he believed that which his company was based on, Bitcoin, would promptly crash. It didn't, it grew 100 fold the next two months. Oh and now he conveniently has to attend a funeral, but can't inform us he has flight tickets booked for next week when the funeral is over. etc etc)
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:59:06
I wonder how the hell they measured that from just my name/email haha. 
I can just imagine a company meeting with all the employees where they sift through people's facebook's accounts on a projector and shout out nerd-ratings and invite the lowest scores haha.
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:45:21
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:49:59
Yes, closed-loop is really important in the early days. We don't want students to blow $100 at a bitcoin restaurant (who sells it at an exchange) or sell it at an ATM (that sells it at an exchange) and walk away. It'd be better if there'd be a closed-loop system, students earning bitcoin from other students. 
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:46:20
Me neither. But basically we have a currency that's unique because it's decentralized (otherwise it's just a ledger, an excel sheet) and a mysterious creator that disappears and leaves people interpreting his philosophy. So naturally it's something that can easily be hijacked and turned into 'everything and anything must be decentralized, otherwise it's evil'. 
So even a voluntary organisation, funded by voluntary donations, open to anyone for membership, where all members can vote, which funds various developers I think we should all be very lucky to have (within a framework where miners and users can reject anything the foundation-funded devs implement anyway), and is always fighting for the ecosystem by educating the public at a host of conferences, and always quick to thoroughly rebut and oppose stifling regulatory proposals.
In short, I'm really glad we have the foundation and I was really glad to have Jon as its director. Does that mean they're perfect, that there's no room for other types of organisations (decentralized) or that I'm happy about some of the shady characters? No. But I'm not going to throw out the baby with the bathwater, especially if that bathwater is getting cleaner everyday, while at the same time I (and I'm sure any foundation member) is absolutely open to any other organisation looking to represent bitcoin users. That having been said, I can't say I've been impressed by any organisation more so than the BF, most of them are just ideas by people without any kind of organisational experience it seems. Lots of room for growth, still, exciting isn't it :)
Sad to see Jon go in any case.
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:38:57
Coinbase and Bitpay integrate with many other payment solutions, both online and offline. Remember, they have point of sale solutions for physical stores.
They, as well as every major exchange, have APIs which can easily be hooked up to any wallet to immediately sell bitcoins that are received on certain addresses.
And of course, there are APIs to retrieve dynamic bitcoin prices so your unit of account can be in dollars. This functionality is of course integrated in the online and physical point of sale solutions.
So in short, volatility is dealt with by settling in fiat. Another strategy is long-term holding, in the long-term bitcoin went up and is likely to do the same. But that's opinion.
@_date: 2014-07-15 11:04:47
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:31:00
Thanks for the insight!
@_date: 2014-12-23 06:25:20
I really don't think you should be trying to teach a 10 year old bitcoin :-/ There are a ton of fun and interesting things I enjoyed to program at that age (mainly small games). 'dissecting bitcoin' is not one of them :-/ And I doubt your kid is any different. 
But hey, not my kid, you can do whatever you want, just saying what I'm thinking.
If you want to 'dissect the code', start at the bitcoin core github. The code is all there in C++. That's the most popular implementation. 
But it's probably going to be extremely arbitrary. There is no reason that code is particularly unique or well-written or suitable for learning or suitable for education.
For education, you're much better off with just going through the bitcoin whitepaper and getting a sense of how the protocol works, a general sense of how cryptography works, and a general sense of how decentralizing trust works using proof of work. None of that really requires any code.  
As for learning to code, I'd just start with basic stuff:
* Scratch on the Raspberry Pi. Very basic stuff, not powerful but very visual and easy to get into. Great place to start exploring general computing skills and an intuition for basic concepts like an algorithm without it sounding esoteric.
* GM: Studio to make games. It's very forgiving, yet quite powerful. e.g. these games were made with it: 
* Google Coder for Raspberry Pi. Great place to start exploring web development and front-end stuff. 
Then if he likes that, try some basic C++ and Java stuff. You'll be on track for Bitcoin Core and BitcoinJ soon enough. I'd also recommend sticking with javascript, it's becoming such a dominant language. Everyone browser is committed to it, everyone's optimizing for it, and you now see hugely popular server-side implementations too with things like NodeJS. It's not particularly great for the bitcoin protocol, but a billion things using bitcoin can be built using javascript, like the front-end for wallets, exchanges, tipping, remittance etc. Bitpay's bitcore is great here, and there are a ton of APIs like Chain that you can use with JS.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:26:52
No, currency is not necessary. Bitcoins having value is necessary. In other words, bitcoin can be a commodity, a store of value, like gold, have tremendous value and offer the financial incentives to participate in the network without it having to displace fiat as a currency. Bitcoins can also be stocks, smart contracts, smart property or be used to transfer value and actually have value, without being a currency.
@_date: 2014-07-30 14:24:14
@_date: 2014-09-13 22:38:18
The general idea of your post is true, but you make a few semantic errors that I'd be careful with as it can be really confusing. i.e. to say a wallet is merely an address, and that the address has two parts (public and private) is simply wrong. The bitcoin address is technically derived from the public key which itself is derived from the private key. 
That also means that a wallet with just addresses is completely useless as a form of being able toowning &amp; spending money, which is the point, as otherwise anyone could steal your money with just the address alone!
Less harmful is e.g. the fact that a private key isn't made up of letters it's actually just data that can take any form (words, or indeed combinations of fruit, if you wanted), but it's most popular form (as used by the protocol) is in hexadecimal which is technically a number format,  which happens to use some letters (but mostly numbers) to denote numbers 10-15. This isn't the case for the address (which is an alphanumerical string), but it is for the private key that you refer to as the combination of 'strings and letters' we want to prevent anyone from seeing but us.
Normally I don't give much of a damn about semantics, but it's confusing enough already without getting terms mixed up!
@_date: 2014-12-11 13:02:10
Well, I wonder. The cost per view at youtube sits between $0.50 and $3 per 1000 views or so for most people. Some are much lower, some are quite a bit higher. 
In other words, a single view is worth about 0.1 or 0.2 cents. That is after youtube takes it cut and you pay processing fees, by the way.
So the question is, would I be willing to pay $1 and watch 1.000 youtube videos ad-free, knowing it'd also support the creators of the content. 
When that $1 is taken from my wallet in an easy 3 second process without needing to fill in lots of info or register for an account anywhere. But simply required me to press 'OK' on my phone or something, like bitcoin could do?
In my case, absolutely. In fact, if bitcoin existed from the beginning, I think we would all be laughing at the notion of a completely advertising-driven web. It'd be like getting cheap clothing with advertising on it, or getting cheap rent with advertising billboards on your walls. I don't think advertising is the natural choice for human beings, and if there is an alternative, like micropayments, it might just work.
I know none of this is trivial, but the notion that we have to pay for our content is no deal-breaker. The cost of content per person is so low, it's feasible. In a way we have ads to thank for that, they're so ineffective, annoying and ubiquitous, that they've also become a cheap one tenth of a penny, so replacing them with micropayments is not a big deal.
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:54:54
Prices will go down for sure. But not for long. It's only about 1.1% of all bitcoins so structurally it's not a massive amount. By comparison the bitcoin block rewards last year grew by 11%, this year 10%, so Silk Road auctioning happens literally every month.
Secondly, a few big parties and even a large bank did a paper on the coins that were just auctioned. Basically everyone said 'the US Marshals could make a few million in profit if they just hired a few people to sell the bitcoin over the course of a few months' rather than at a one-time auction that quickly exhausts short-term demand. There's a good chance that if and when the coins are auctioned, bitcoin will be a lot more mature, have more liquidity, more trusted exchanges, and that the Marshals will be more comfortable just selling on an exchange. If they sell over the course of 12 months, it'd merely be as if we had about 10% higher block rewards (27.5 btc instead of 25) that year. So it wouldn't impact the price much.
And of course, it might not even happen at all. As far as I know, they haven't convicted yet, nor have they decrypted the keys yet, and technically part of the money belongs to traders who also sold licit goods like tshirts and bibles. So it might not happen (small chance) and it's likely to take a while (good chance). But we'll see.
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:10:19
He's likely referring to volatility as the wild swings (from 350 up to 1200, down to 350, each move within a few months, and now up to 700) rather than upside potential. And that's true. As the ecosystem matures, we won't have Mt. Gox happen anymore as easily, exchanges have stepped up in a major way and security practices at places like Vault of Satoshi or Circle are orders of magnitude better than Mt. Gox. Same with things like China, in 5 years from now almost every country in the world will have decided on its position, so that also won't be a source of wild swings anymore. And simply manipulating the market is much harder when there is $100m-1b of daily liquidity, you need insane whales to move the market.
So in this context, he's absolutely correct. If you asked him I doubt he'd say that $700-1000 is the highest bitcoin can go, so that'd obviously mean the price would go up (hence, technically volatility). But that's not what he meant.
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:05:41
It's not a myth in the short-term, but in the long-term merchant adoption causes the price to rise, as it allows larger amount of trade, and if you want to support $10b daily trade with $21m tokens with a normal velocity of money (i.e. only about 0.5% to 1% of all tokens are traded daily, e.g. like gold, the rest are chilling) you need a higher price level.
Check out the quantity theory of money. It's a basic supply/demand thing, really. In most simple terms, if you want to capture 1% of dollar-trades, you need to move such a large amount of money, that even if a bitcoin was worth $1k and everyone spent their bitcoins, you'd still not even come close to 1% of dollar trade. Thus if bitcoin is succesful in capturing 1% of dollar trade (through increasing (merchant) adoption), then the price will indeed go up.
But it's a short-term vs long-term thing, really. Indeed at the moment merchants are outpacing consumers as for them it's a truly no-brainer (less fees, no chargebacks, new audience+marketing, 0 volatility risk = Why not?). For consumers, you have volatility/investment risk, security risks, learning curve and few (if any) fee reductions usually = a harder sell. Structurally there's tons of extra benefits about changing the politics of national and global finance etc, but these won't have much effect until we see mass adoption anyway, so they're not direct benefits. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:27:37


All people can see is that someone sent bitcoins from multiple addresses, and thus owns those addresses.
It's not tied to a wallet in any way. And as a unique address can be used for each transaction, if you e.g. sell 500 widgets, and then you use 10 of those 500 unique addresses you received money from to send money, then all someone can see who bought one of these widgets is that this money was spent in combination with some other money. But there's no way to identify from that the sale of 500 widgets. 
Practically, most businesses accept money through a payment processor like Bitpay or Coinbase and are paid out either in bitcoin or fiat. These companies obfuscate for you, as there is no way for a buyer to see from his purchase where his money went and infer from that anything about the financial records of the receiving merchant company, as it's processed together with the money from tens of thousands of other companies by the processor.
@_date: 2014-05-14 13:54:15
Exactly, bill is often quoted out of context. He's said bitcoin is technically interesting but doesn't think it'll succeed as it's a place where governments stay in control. He also stated he doesn't like the anonimity aspect.
I think he's wrong on these points, e.g. he doesn't seem to equate bitcoin's privacy with that of email (both aren't anonymous, but they're private to an extent). But my point is indeed, I'm generally skeptical because positive comments are usually taken out of context and cherry picked. 
But in this case, if someone literally says 'we're actively considering how to enable bitcoin with paypal, and we've already concluded it will play a very important role in the future' I think that's pretty unambiguous. It's hard to cherry pick that!
@_date: 2014-06-21 10:54:50
No.. Japan doesn't have its prices in cents... He's saying it's confusing to go from whole units to subunits, Japan doesn't do that, it just has low-value whole units so that price denominations end up being quite large. It's not what he's talking about.
@_date: 2014-06-21 15:38:18
Most payment processors charge for the conversion to fiat, in that sense, they actually charge you for the exchange, not for processing the bitcoin payment, and even that is pretty cheap.
For example Coinbase waves the full fees on the first $1m in revenues, so if you sell $1m worth of bitcoin AND have it converted into e.g. dollars and paid out the next day, you pay no fees up to that amount.
And BitPay has either a 1% fee, or a $1 or $10 a day subscription allowing you to process up to $10k and $100k daily respectively, meaning if you max that out you pay $1 for $10k of payments (or 0.01% which is peanuts)
Of course, bitcoin is open and accessible to all, permission-less. So you can ask your engineers to build your own payment solution by just hooking up with the bitcoin network, if you'd really want. You can do that with relatively straightforward software, as opposed to e.g. creating your own creditcard processing where you decide on your own fees. There's plenty of open source stuff being written for bitcoin, just check github. 
Various companies have already built some plugins for popular ecommerce platforms, and also offer an API, and sometimes build open-source stuff (e.g. Bitpay with bitcore and loads of plugins)
Check out for example:  There's open source plugins for loads of ecommerce solutions. Partially uses the Bitpay api, but there's lots of other stuff you can take away from that.
Have fun :)
@_date: 2014-04-20 13:15:38
To what concerns are you referring? My concerns are that bitcoin saw 100x value changes in a recent 12 months and it's likely to change in value significantly again. 
That means that whatever e.g. 1000 bits or 1 bit represents is going to change significantly. Do we really already want to settle on mainstream terminology, just for the actual value to change dramatically? 
I'd rather wait out the price settling a bit more, then we can model our terminology on that a bit. 
My 'concerns' are completely unrelated to whether 1 BTC is 1000 bits or 1 million bits. It's simply that terminology other than 'x bitcoins' I think should be reserved for when that terminology has a chance of keeping the same meaning for some time. Right now, the value and meaning of 1000 bits is going to be radically different from the same value 12 months ago or 12 months into the future. That's why I think 'bitcoins' is probably better for now.
In other words, I'm not opposed to the idea of bits, I'm opposed to the timing.
@_date: 2014-10-10 12:56:19
While average cost of housing dropped in the US due to the housing bubble popping.
I'm not saying there is no inflation or even run-away inflation, I'm just saying you can't prove it by looking at one particular item in one particular region.
That's the same as the weather/climate debate issue. People say 'wtf? there is no global warming, in my province it's been colder this year'. 
Inflation is a very broad indicator, so no singular example of something becoming cheaper or more expensive will explain it. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:52:11
The IRS doesn't have a say, Fincen does and they've clearly stated you need to treat bitcoin as money in terms of needing the right licenses (e.g. money transmitter license), providing transaction data on suscept users (AML/KYC), stuff like that.
But it's mostly besides the point because money laundering is just one, and may be the least of all allegations that are completely unrelated to bitcoin. (e.g. drug trafficking and murder for hire on the website. Aiding and abetting a crime is a crime).
@_date: 2014-09-29 21:21:28
@_date: 2014-08-01 11:03:29
This is as credible as me saying I just had a secret meeting with all the core devs, and they're saying bitcoin is going to fail within now and 2 months. Give me a break :P
It's plausible, sure, but then, if I already thought bankers should take heed, what's the point of having it confirmed by a claim without evidence? There's none. Plausibility needs confirmation by evidence and you've provided none.
@_date: 2014-10-16 12:19:16
Looks really slick. I hope they'll encourage users to turn on bitcoin through Checkout, it's literally a 5 second setup.
@_date: 2014-04-14 15:55:20
Figuratively, I thought it was a catchy way of calling it :) The notion that it comprises of thousands of restaurants makes it, to me, figuratively the best online takeaway restaurant. 
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:29:55
Sure but I think it's reasonable to say that it's a fraction and that there is no evidence that fraction is increasing.
In other words, if 20% of all transactions are meaningless consolidation/tumbling etc, then doubling transactions still means you're doubling the amount of actual meaningful transactions.
The only way this doesn't happen is if 20% became 40%, and 100% of transaction growth was an increase in consolidating and tumbling, and I see no real reason for that to be true.
Lastly, transactions cost money and bitcoin allows infinite outputs. Meaning tumbling and consolidating funds in different addresses is 1) unlikely to happen all the time for fun or for spam. It's probably somewhat limited, particularly moving around bitcoin to other addresses owned by the same person. And 2) it's likely that things like tumbling involves pairing lots of inputs from different people and sources and producing lots of outputs in few transactions. And when Coinbase moves a lot of money, they probably do it with few transactions, as you can take any amount of inputs and set any amount of outputs (respecting block limits), which is a much better idea than taking 1 input and 1 output and creating tons of transactions and paying for each. In fact, they're known to do this (Coinbase will pair transactions made in the same minute for example, and use them as outputs in a single transaction, which is why they and Circle waive fees so often on almost all transactions).
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:07:48
Has there been any word from them, or from your regulatory research, that they're required to not only share this information by law, but do it before ruling on that which the research was done for? 
It seems to be this law - requiring them to release their research - was made with a certain intention, and releasing the information *after* the ruling, seems to completely negate the intent of the law.
For a quick analogy, imagine the votes in a presidential campaign were counted, and this whole process was documented. They then rule one of the candidates the president. And months later, they release the basis on which this decision was made (the vote count). That's obviously ridiculous. The basis of a decision must be made abundantly clear before the decision is made, else it has no value.
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:47:06
Hehe it's funny how people forget so quickly. There's a fun video of people getting interviewed about mobile phones in the 90s. Everyone's mocking it saying they needn't be connected 24/7 that's ridiculous, that they have a phone at home and that's fine. What if they need to call someone out of the house? Well they can just wait until they get home, or borrow a phone or use a payphone, it's not a problem. Who needs two phones?
It's a lot more funny if you watch the video but it's not in English. But these stories are very common. There's videos of people mocking computers and the internet because it took a $1000 computer (worth probably $5k today) 4 hours to download a newspaper that was text only, no images, and no formatting. While downloading you couldn't use your phone and it'd cost like $50 for the connection for four hours. People said you could never do rich media, voice was impossible let alone video or even video+voice. Now we can stream a live videochat with a friend on the other side of the world on a $50 phone for free in any cafe. But people forget how they mocked these things.
Look at the Google Glass or Oculist Rift today, they're being mocked left and right, but just wait half a decade. Remember when the iPad came out? Everyone laughed at the idea of a big iphone that didn't fit in your pocket. But tablets are huge and google glass is here to stay. Bitcoin is the same.
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:20:58
Thanks buddy! That helps a lot. Interesting to see how few chargebacks there were, I always here this is a big headache but it seems it's none at all for you!
Also great to hear some numbers, 2.85% and no possibility to go any lower, that's not great. I wonder if larger companies can negotiate lower fees and by how much. (e.g. Amazon that does $75b of revenue a year)
If you'd be willing, do you have any information on your profit margins? It'd be nice to put potential 1-2% savings on CC fees in context. e.g. Amazon has 0.35% margins in 2013, it'd be able to easily triple profit on any bitcoin sale if it paid 1% Bitpay/Coinbase fees instead of 2% CC fees for example. But for a company with 15% - 20% margins (like a typical dentist) saving 1% might not be a big deal for the bottom line.
Thanks again! 1 upvote @_date: 2014-05-23 12:29:52
You're talking about bitcoind not bitcoinj where he has over 1.000 commits. He's core developer of the java implementation of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-06 12:52:03
What he actually said is that if he puts an order for 20 bitcoin, it's Bitstamp that fills this order with many small sells to him of which all the fees are rounded up. In other words, he is paying when making large orders because they're processed in small iterations. 
Why this is, I'm not sure. Possible it's not Bitstamp, but rather other people putting up thousands of sell orders of e.g. $1 that are being 'filled' when someone buys e.g. 5 bitcoin. They both pay a transaction fee, but the latter is not to blame. Bitstamp should really protect its users from this. 
There's no real reason for an exchange to allow &lt; $10 transactions. Even if you get e.g. an ATM to allow purchase of $5, it can easily batch small transactions together.
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:27:17
Indeed, they get awesome user growth. Adoption is much easier because it's very familiar, it uses the same old banking system. To use a transportation analogy, imagine we all use cars to move around, people are more likely to mass-consume a faster car (TW) than buy jet packs that are still in beta that have the media image of being highly complex for and used as getaway vehicles by criminals, and for which there are limited if any traffic laws!
But for me it's very much like building a nicer typewriter in an age when computers are still nascent. It'd take another decade for computers to take over, but once they did, typewriters became one of those 'how did we ever use *that*' type of thing.
In any case I think it's a smart investment, it'll have tremendous value for some time to come. And really, let's not forget, Thiel and Branson invested in (mostly ecommerce) payments technology, a business to business, software as a service company for merchants. This is entirely different, a consumer company for remittance. Richard and Thiel did not really invest in bitcoin, in the concept (protocol development), its tokens (bitcoins), its utility (mining), they specifically invested in a bitcoin-based service, that's all. So this investment for me doesn't conflict with their earlier investment. They've never stated any type of conviction for bitcoin or crypto becoming the one and only future like someone like Patrick Byrne has.
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:15:52
Apart from some obvious mistakes (do you really think an academic who makes daily assumptions and predictions based on his research is never going to be wrong in 40 years?), he forgets as much about Economics drinking his morning coffee as most of us will ever know. 
If he was teaching a class on bitcoin, or a class on computer science, or on sexuality in the 16th century, you can complain. But he's not. He's working in the field of economics in which he is critically acclaimed by many of his peers, including those who disagree with him, and has a nobel prize in.
@_date: 2014-06-23 08:56:18
Kraken.com is a pretty good case for me. They started in mid 2011 after Mt. Gox was hacked once again. They only launched in late 2013. For more than two years they released absolutely nothing to use. Now they're by far the European market leader, and Europe is the world's biggest economy of course. 
Just because things aren't released on day one doesn't make me panic, especially not with a risky security-based product, you need very strict testing with a limited audience, first.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:31:21
Thanks mate, I'll pass it on.
I personally think it's important for people like Bobby to stay out there and fight, publicly, too. At the same time, I think a lot of people who can't afford to invest in bitcoin should get out, regardless of what he says. To me, it's pretty obvious that most of the Western world is looking to regulate Bitcoin so as to allow it to exist, be traded and be taxed. For me that means I'm still long-term bullish on bitcoin, China doesn't change that. And in the short-term, real economics shouldn't change. If anything, if I were Chinese myself, I'd desperately hold on to any coins I have rather than to sell them, when there are signs that it'll be harder to obtain them in the future.
So in short, I think Bobby is a CEO, not an investment advisor. He's doing a good job, taking the dialogue public. And there are a lot of people who seemingly panic sell against the trends, which to me is an indication they shouldn't have gotten into bitcoin in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:03:05
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:53:58
A shill? Do you not know the definition of a shill?
A shill is a person who avoids disclosing their connection with what they're promoting. Obviously, she's not a shill as she's on the board of the bitcoin foundation.
She's out there to educate mainstream users about what bitcoin is. She focuses mostly on the fact that it's a sociopolitical game changer, not so much on it being a slightly better currency for some merchants. I don't see any reason why people bash her. You'd rather have just paul krugman in the media critisizing bitcoin and only core developers responding? Get real.
As for when she was elected, is she supposed to run an ad in the new york times to inform you people? She was elected at an organisation which you can easily become a member of if you sign up, you get informed about everything they do and you can vote on various issues and people. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 20:21:27
Yeah that could be it. 
There'd actually be fractional reserve because e.g. if you have $100 and you borrow $100 for a margin call, Kraken would take that $100 from someone else, who still has a right to access to that money and thereby we suddenly have 300 in credit and only 200 in debit.
But it's not really a big deal in a world of automatic margin calls where you can say only borrow 50% of the value. e.g. if the person's $100 + the borrowed $100 goes down in value by 25% (to $150), he now only has $75, so he can only borrow $75, and as he borrowed $100, he now has to do a margin call and sell for $150, then pay back the $100 leaving him with $50. He can now only use his own $50 and borrow $50 for $100 in total. With borrow-limits and automated margin calls, the customer money is never at risk making fractional reserve not really a problem.
They've said they'd do leverage, but the volume had to really increase they also said. In my opinion, leverage is pretty scary considering it's so easy to manipulate the market right now...
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:45:41
Tell me again why Elizabeth was such a 'stupid bitch' when she was elected to the foundation? Man, just look up the thread when that happened and look at what shit people gave her.
This is the reason a *properly ran* foundation can and does have value. It might do a lot of stupid things, but it's obvious that it's not inherently better to not have any form of foundation at all.
@_date: 2014-04-15 11:30:58
You've got a point, honestly. But I think gold simply has a historically unique role that doesn't go away just like that. Of course you could replace gold with any other scarce thing, like any altcoin, as a store of value. But the notion of a shiney, physical, unforgeable object that has stood the test of thousands of years of time and exist in every culture in every place you go worldwide, has value even if you can't use it at a merchant. Bitcoin unlike gold doesn't have the luxury of having value merely due to scarcity as a store of value, without being usable as a payment system or anything else, because it wouldn't differentiate itself from gold, nor from any altcoin for that matter.
Of course gold actually does have market value despite not being used to pay merchants, for its industrial uses and uses in jewelery, although these prices understate the actual price of gold.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:17:11
You're right! I meant to just say int transfers, not necessarily remittance. 
And that's an issue for this system, you always need a match, which means if one is not sufficiently available, your transfer is limited or not even possible in some cases. (which is why they only offer a select few countries). And even if you can find a match, it might take a few days (as it's impossible to always get an exact balance of flows in and out between any two countries all the time)
For bitcoin this isn't a problem because the exchange rate can adjust allowing a match to be found immediately at a certain rate, and this rate is balanced out by all flows, including things like exports of trade goods and foreign direct investments, thus it's not as one-sided, and because there are gateways possible outside of bank accounts it's possible to use bitcoin anywhere by anyone, not just people with a bank account.
So a fun detail is that bitcoin could actually allow this service to scale by acting as a settling system. For example, they could let people in the US send money to Kenya even if the flow from the US to Kenya is twice the flow from Kenya to the US, because they can balance out the other half by using half the US funds to buy bitcoin locally, and then sell it in Kenya to parties who are buying bitcoin not to buy from the US (as then they could use transferwire), but perhaps to buy from an entirely other country or to buy things in the local economy. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:34:56
A shill: "a person who publicly helps a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with the person or organization."
Lol. And here I am, just a student halfway across the world from kraken who's never communicated with them even in a support ticket. Don't make silly accusations, saying unfounded things makes everything you say suspicious.
The only thing I know about Jesse Powell is that he he wrote this in response to mt. gox: 
Don't really see how he's vermin. And in 2011 Mt. Gox was just about the only exchange that did pioneering work. It was shit, but it was the best shit anyone had. As much as I love to hate on Mt. Gox, in a strange way they did bitcoin a huge service back then. 
As for what I think about Kraken... An opinion is an opinion, and I'm sure you're enlightened enough to fight for my freedom to express it. I like Kraken. I'd never keep my funds there, I don't do that with any exchange. But it must be said, their proclaimed security measures are one of the best if not the best in the bitcoin exchange industry. You and everyone else can read it and make up their own mind, I'm not peddling shit. Would you rather have people uninformed and choose parties like Mt. Gox who don't do any of the things a party like Kraken does and lose 0.5 billion dollars? 
I don't get why anyone with an interest in bitcoin would hate on someone quoting an alterative exchange's security measures in a topic discussing an exchange that didn't have any of those measures and now lost 0.5 billion of its users' money. You're a fucking joke.
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:19:29
diceware.com recommended for randomness.
@_date: 2014-10-09 17:04:41
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:38:40
It's an interesting question that's hard to answer. One thing was clear to me though, every single time we saw dark nets being attacked or taken down (SR 1, SR 2 etc), I couldn't even really see any dip in transactions (even though darknet transactions are pretty much completely on-chain). In fact, the first big shutdown caused a price rally from the low hundreds to beyond $1k with huge new volume and many extra transactions.
In other words, if you have a pool that you're filling with water from two tubes, and one tube is suddenly clogged and the pool fills just as fast or faster, I doubt the clogged tube was all that significant in the first place.
That's why I tend to think it's pretty low.


Absolutely. No time at the moment, it'd become a pretty long post. Let me know if you're interested, perhaps you've got some ideas yourself already.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:52:49
Feel free to suggest a solution instead of talking to me about there being a problem, when I clearly said it was worrying but called you out on making factually inaccurate statements.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:51:56
Thanks buddy, no problem. I'll pass it on at some point! :)
@_date: 2014-06-22 06:54:00
Sort of agree, sort of don't. I think Coinbase is probably quite trustworthy. 
For one, the developer is an AirBnb developer who built a critically acclaimed app for them. That in and of itself makes me trust this app as much as any of the other ones. If it hadn't had the brand 'Coinbase' on it, people would be super excited such a skilled and relatively well known app developer built a bitcoin wallet. But because it's a coinbase app not released by coinbase, people criticize it. (I do, too, I think Coinbase should've released it, but that doesn't mean the app isn't trustworthy or secure).
 
Secondly, Coinbase endorsed it and said they reviewed its code. That's a $140m company right there with Chris Dixon on its board of directors, and its CEO was a previous employee at AirBnb. To think they'd just endorse any app and let them use their brand is unlikely. So that's a signal.
In short I think the Coinbase app is fine, and because it can be accessed on any device through the browser (like on your computer, too), it's a nice and accessible wallet that I'd definitely recommend to first-time users with &lt; $100 of bitcoin on there.
Anything beyond $100 I wouldn't keep on a phone, to be honest. I'd just keep my spending hot wallet on my phone.
So say I have $10k of bitcoin, I'd keep $100 on my phone, I'd print say 9x $100 or $900 of cold-generated paper wallets that I'd leave in my house (I could sweep its funds with my phone by scanning the QR code, and I could even put one paper wallet in my actual wallet to carry a $100 bitcoin bill) and then I'd keep the other $9k in multi-sig cold storage as savings, and then put the keys in e.g. a safety deposit box, a friend's house or whatever, as each key individually has no value and is redundant.
But yeah &lt; $100 phone wallets like Coinpocket and Coinbase are fine. The others I haven't tried but I've heard BitWallet and Breadwallet too.
@_date: 2014-12-15 21:45:09
You're welcome :)
Another note: Gavin did a talk two days ago on bitcointalk by the way which covers mostly Invertible Bloom Filters and how far ahead he's with things. Other things like dynamic tx fees are also discussed. It's about 30 minutes, might be fun for in the car or train or something on the way to work.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:33:45
You don't get it. You can't ALL buy at x, mine and ALL sell at x. Most people, in a little while, will sell at a fraction of x and lose out. And they don't have to have a long-term strategy for that.
The value of the GH/S is ALWAYS dropping everyday because hashpower is ALWAYS growing. That means that if the price of GH/S does NOT drop on cex.io, that it's overvalued, that it's a bubble. Every day that the price on cex.io stays stable, while the real value drops due to increasing hashrate, the bubble increases. At some point, people will sell their hashpower and the price goes into freefall because others fear that if they don't sell now, they'll get less than they paid for, and the price readjusts to its real value.
So just because you're making money does not mean others aren't going to lose money even though they do exactly the same as you only a few days or weeks or months later. 
I've gone through both some math and some logic, if you don't get it or don't want to read the posts that's fine. It's not disagreement, one is fact, the other is not. You're turning this into 'different type of investments for different people'. That's not what it is. I'm showing that fundamentally and systematically it's a negative value. That's what a ponzi is, a scheme where some make money but others don't and on average everyone loses a little bit. The early users of Bernie Madoff's ponzi scheme became very rich, they were 'users of the service' and happily so, just like you, but it doesn't make it any less of a ponzi.
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:32:37
thought Gm4N1986 covered you?
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:20:34
Are you trying really hard to be stupid or what? I just repeated again and again, there is still someone to enforce. I quote myself:


@_date: 2014-06-09 23:17:34
For any fools, this has NOOOOOOOOTHING to do with bitcoin. As in, he didn't move to facebook because he wasn't allowed to add bitcoin to Paypal, and he's not gonna get bitcoin on facebook just cause he's an employee there. There's no correlation. There might be, sure, but it's unlikely, so let's find proof first or stfu. This makes us look like desperate fools.
@_date: 2014-08-04 08:48:42
Probably was controversial and received a ton of downvotes, too, making reddit rank it lower which makes sense. Not sure.
@_date: 2014-06-25 22:34:00
No fucking shit. What do you think literally EVERY for-profit company in the world is doing (i.e. 99% of companies)
Have fun living off the land because god forbid you ever trade with a company trying to make money off of you.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:31:47
Imagine this, I build a wallet that lets you create a private key to send bitcoin to. The wallet is completely offline, it allows you to create e.g. cold storage addresses.
Only, the wallet creates not random private keys, but a random private key from a list of 100k keys I own. The only thing I have to do is wait a few month, then check all 100k keys and steal the bitcoin. (which can be done in a fraction of a day using a computer program to sweep keys).
Completely offline and completely insecure. Offline is only part of the equation, in and of itself it doesn't mean shit.
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:48:05
We're not really paying $35 per transaction though. In the core essence what we pay is block security. With 200 transactions per block, that's an expensive per-transaction fee, sure. But there's no reason we can't have 5mb blocks every 5 minutes for example, that would allow about 100x as many transactions making a tx loads cheaper in the long run. 
And in 10 years when block rewards really start to taper off, a 20mb block is trivial. (networks and storage have 'growth rate laws' that  are pretty similar to moore's law. So 55% growth per year means today's 1mb block can be a 80mb block in 10 years with the same cost and accessibility. 
In other words, if you can scale bitcoin to a global product and fill 80mb of block sizes in 10 years from now when block rewards start to become insignificant and miners need to live on tx fees, we can, with the same hardware and network costs, fit 600x as many transactions in a single block. So you can have the exact same network security as today, only mining fees are $35/600 or roughly 5 pennies per tx. 
That's the rough idea. There's plenty of caveats but it's not an immediate concern. Still, it's not entirely clear yet to me whether bitcoin payments can really be a great payments currency. It might be that it's used as a global settling system, a store of value, and that we use a lot of off-chain tx, or alternative blockchains with fast and cheap transactions that sync and settle with the bitcoin blockchain once an hour or something. I don't know yet.
As for cheap because low regulation, that's partially true. But bitcoin is completely digital, so software solutions are possible. e.g. a lot of the KYC that coinbase does is essentially algorithmic. It's a bit like how the post office spends far more money on checking post for bombs and criminal communication than google mail would need to, as the latter can automate the whole process pretty easily. And frankly, I do think that bitcoin does break up regulation a little bit, in the same way that Uber drivers aren't and likely never will be regulated as strictly as the taxi industry is regulated in many countries. 
So while bitcoin will absolutely be regulated, I don't think we'll get to the same level of compliance that a bank needs. The Skype story is a good one, written about here:
Which is basically this notion that skype said we're not a phone operator so x y and z doesn't apply. And governments bought that. Of course not all, they still do a ton for governments and they're regulated. But compared to a phone operator, they got off really easy. It's a good read I recommend it.
But yeah, definitely not straightforward stuff, there's many obstacles ahead but I haven't seen anything that can't be overcome. And that's saying something given there's talent out there in the bitcoin space who will be doing things I can't even conceive right now as potential solutions, so I'm pretty comfortable holding bitcoin still.
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:30:55
Not sure. We've not seen a federal ruling call it money though. So far, it's been called a money-substitute and property, which both can be the same thing. (e.g. gold in a way is both a money-substitute and property).
I think it's reasonable to expect that, if bitcoin can achieve a critical mass and not see governments follow China en masse, that we'll probably see bitcoin getting rid of its 'property' characteristics at some point. Might take a decade though. These things have massive implications, particularly because every person in the world can make their own digital currency, simply by changing a few bytes and running their own blockchain.
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:01:12
It fluctuates, but they've hinted that they might at some point fix the value. Some are working on this outside of Circle including a company out of South Africa. The idea is investors leverage their trading and in return users can fix their value by hedging it, these hedges is what the investors essentially bet on. Another company does it by immediately settling on an exchange. So if you send $10 of bitcoin to the wallet, the wallet actually sells the $10. Now you can leave it for a year there if you want, then pay a company $10 in bitcoin and the platform will use the $10 and rebuy bitcoin and send it to the merchant. 
But Circle is not doing either of the two at the moment.
This is what they've written on insurance:


They've said they're working with a few partners to do insurance. The idea is basically that you're insured against counterparty risk. i.e. if they go bankrupt, if they have an inside job, if they are hacked, you're good. But if you give your password to your ex boyfriend and he runs off with the money, you're not insured.
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:47:33
It's too simplistic. I hope it's crystal clear to you that a transaction of child porn should be criminalized regardless if it's voluntary.
Yes, you can say that criminalizing posession is enough, but it's not. In the same way that aiding and abetting a criminal is a crime, providing transactions that lead to criminal posessions is and should be a crime. For example, knowingly being the getaway car driver in a bank heist is and should be illegal. In the same way, knowingly providing or facilitating a transaction so a person can posess illegal child pornography should be a crime.
You can argue all you want about whether drugs should be illegal. I'm from Amsterdam myself, I know where I stand. But it doesn't change the fact that certain drug posession is illegal in the US and if you say that's illegal, so should drug trafficking be. If the former isn't illegal, then of course the latter shouldn't be either, but it can't be that trafficking is legal but posession isn't, it's inconsistent and it would be immoral in terms of legal ethics.
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:42:05
Indeed, Github is pretty nice! Check out this chart:
Of course, repos can mean a lot of different things. You can have a thousand 2-year old repo without any commit in the past 12 months look much more impressive than the core bitcoin repo that has numerous daily commits. But indeed, on aggregate, the trend is looking really good! 
Bitcoinpulse.com has dozens of other metrics, too. Just be warned, they're not actively being checked. They hook up with lots of different APIs, blockchain.info had some downtime earlier this month and it messed up all of its charts which are completely wrong. But keep an eye on this website, it's nice.
I'm still waiting for proper metrics and actual interpretations, though. I'm considering trying it myself because I literally see nobody else doing it in a structured way. The only data you get is fragmented. Coindesk's annual state of bitcoin is pretty good, but it's made redundant so quickly due to time.
For example, one thing I keep seeing over and over and over again are professors of finance, economists, business people, politicians or pundits do 'blockchain analysis' and then conclude bitcoin is a bubble, is hyped up, is failing etc, because they interpret data completely wrong. For example, they'll look at blockchain addresses and find only 500k addresses have more than 0.1 bitcoin or something, and conclude that there are only 0.5 million bitcoin users. Or they'll look at bitcoin transactions and say the velocity of money is low, people are hoarding, bitcoins aren't being used (as a medium of exchange) etc. But again, there are 3 different wallets that each have close to 1.5 million users. If you make a purchase at a Coinbase merchant with a Coinbase wallet, Coinbase isn't making a bitcoin transaction to themselves, they're not stupid. They'll do an off-chain transaction and change the internal accounting. That means no transaction shows up on the blockchain. Now Mt. Gox had 1+ million users 4 months ago, I think Bitstamp and BTC-E have at least that number today. All their bitcoins are held in a few huge addresses however. Again, the blockchain offers no information that some 10-100 addresses may actually consist of bitcoins held for millions of users.
It's very important I think to challenge these mistakes in blockchain analysis and offer meaningful interpretations of data ourselves. If anyone has some good leads, blogs etc I'd be happy to hear!
Alright as for the IRS issue, I'm not intimately involved but... the idea is this: you pay 0 taxes if bitcoin stays the same value or goes down in value. No risk there. And you only pay taxes if bitcoin appreciates in value when you use it, but it means you're already profiting. So if you have 10 bitcoin worth $1000, and a month later you buy an old car with your bitcoin and they're worth $1500, you made $500 but may have to give up $100. For me, that's okay because I'm only paying $100 because I made $400 profit. Now we can all agree it feels shit to pay taxes, but that's an issue unrelated to bitcoin, we pay taxes on everything. Let's not forget, fiat currency depreciates in value every year due to inflation, interest rates are below inflation, and any money you do make from interest is taxed too. So far, not a big deal.
Now, the issue is that bitcoins might be annoying to use because you need to track them. But that's an accounting issue. And that's the beauty of bitcoin, it's digital, it's software. Accounting functionality in digital systems are generally extremely easy if it's only about tracking potential price appreciation and nothing else, just about any student doing a computer science major could build the basic functionality in a weekend. In fact, various parties already offer it. Bitpay for example already tracks all this data and will output to its merchants nice and easy reports on what their tax burders are exactly. They need to do nothing else, except take this form and process it once a year which takes 15 minutes pretty much. I expect this kind of functionality will be added for users, too. What I expect is this, wallets will get functionality to spit out a report of all transactions (amount + date). Then they take this file and plug it into some program anyone with programming experience can build in a weekend, which takes the amount and pulls the price from an online API that calculates average bitcoin prices. They then count up the total price appreciation on each coin and apply a tax rate. You then pay these taxes and if necessary, supply this form in your tax filing as evidence. Coinbase will probably do this for all users automatically every year, Stripe will too. 
So, no problems so far. Of course, the rest of the world doesn't have this 'problem' yet. Also, the IRS generally doesn't care about taxes on things like the purchase of a coffee, I think a lot of mainstream American users could ignore it in reality, although I don't advice it. And I think it may be reasonably expected to see the IRS improve this process by amending their regulation, simplifying things or one day acknowledging bitcoin as a currency. We'll have to see. 
The only thing that's tricky is fungibility. Say you buy a bitcoin in 2011 and it appreciated by 100x since. If you make a purchase with that bitcoin, you'll have to pay taxes on that appreciation. (e.g. $100 on a $400 appreciation). Ostensibly, you'd be better off keeping it and buying a new bitcoin at $500 and using it right away. No taxes paid because the bitcoin you sold to make the purchase was worth the same $500 that you paid when you bought the bitcoin, no appreciation, no taxes. I don't see that as a problem myself because the one bitcoin is used as an asset and the other as a currency, de facto. The one is taxed, the other isn't, which makes sense. And again, a much better deal than depreciating fiat where its interest is taxed.
Of course, the 2011 bitcoin still has to be used someday and you'll pay taxes on it, so it makes little sense to postpone it anyway. As such, bitcoins are still fungible in practice. 
Hope that clears things up :)
@_date: 2014-11-05 14:04:37
Is it reckless? Kind of a game of semantics. It's daring, it's carefree, it's careless, but it's not thoughtless or stupid.
Let's just say I can't call anything reckless that doesn't actually wreck your ass when it goes wrong. It seems to me you have $30k of net worth not in bitcoin, which is a very nice buffer in case of emergencies (as long as you're insured for things like insane healthcare costs).
So with that in mind, you can take huge risks. You obviously took one, I'd suggest to diversity a bit more, but you're looking for a home run here. If you're prepared to lose it all, and given you have quite a lot of savings left, it's not stupid, but it is an all-or-nothing kind of bet.
And no it's not gambling in my opinion. Gambling is a negative-sum game where over long periods of time you ALWAYS lose because the odds are stacked against you by very design of the system. I think we use the word 'gambling' way too freely and too negatively. I personally would never gamble, not $1 or $1m, as the concept of gambling, say lottery, by design is like playing a game of chess for money, only you start with fewer pieces and there are no chess skills or strategies to learn to actually improve your chances of winning, it's always without exception a losers game. Investing is risky, and some sketchy investment schemes are akin to gambling, but this is different.
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:58:10
Hehe I like it if you'd transform it. For example, the professor challenges students to put $10 worth of bitcoin into his fund at the beginning of the course. Then if the students attend all classes, they get paid a share of all the students who didn't attend all classes and lost, per the rules, their $10. 
That'd be freaking sweet as an experiment. It'd be completely optional and hopefully start out with small, fun amounts of money. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:39:21
Don't ask us, talk to her. She's the love of your life, the woman to marry, if you can't talk about this then give up!
My girlfriend would definitely understand if I said I worked hard, made certain sacrifices and took risks that could've put me in the gutter and am where I am today financially because of that. 
If I then propose a divorce fund of say $15k for whoever of us needs it more, just to get through the first 6 months after divorce if anything bad happened, she'd agree. On top we would agree to split anything we pay together (e.g. if we pay 50/50 on the mortgage, she gets 50%, if she pays 30%, she gets 30%) ontop of that.
And besides this, I'd give her my word that if our divorce ends in agreeable ways (e.g. loss of love, we separate, or she cheats and tells me and we decide to separate), I'd stay friends with her and as all my friends, they'll have my financial support if they have no other place for help.
But this notion I didn't pay for college, started a company, worked 80 hours a week, went into big debts to try to make it into a success and am now wealthy because of it, is not something I'd give to someone else 50/50 if there's a chance that person can split 3 months later.
Frankly my girlfriend would never ask for that, it's not a prerequisite that comes up in her mind before agreeing or even desiring to marry.
Work something out that's reasonable so that she's always protected financially, but don't give her the fruits of your labor unconditionally.
By the way if you do decide a traditional role structure, you work and she takes care of the children, I think you are obligated to put money away for her as a salary. That's just me. I think it's disgusting to see women stay with men or feel indebted to men because they have no income of their own and no opportunity to leave. So if you do have this role, then I think you are obligated to give her monthly money that she doesn't have to spend on the family or the house, but that she can put away as if it was her own money, her own savings, so that if the time ever comes that the marriage doesn't work out, she can go her own way in a way where she's not tied to a financial situation. But that's only for a traditional role. It can be vice versa, too :)
@_date: 2014-10-06 11:48:56
Armory, Electrum, Hive? Quite amazing wallets.
@_date: 2014-08-08 13:39:02
Hi Nick, thanks for your tip :) 
Did you develop this? Looks pretty sweet, although I've got some, perhaps unjustifiable, mistrust of Chrome extensions, and don't think a broad product should be built upon a compatibility with a single browser. 
I was also wondering, why not ChangeTip (why not is a reasonable answer, to that I would say that network effects do help, and everyone using the same tipping mechanism builds trust and fights off confusion). It's nicely separated from any actual wallet (i.e., to use it one needn't authenticate their entire Coinbase account which is a bit of a scary thought for me. One can simply login with their reddit/twitter/fb account, configure nothing, and start tipping, depositing/withdrawing) and it's got quite a number of users already with active development.
1 upvote
@_date: 2014-06-25 22:20:05
And two-way ATMs are known for doing something like 10x more buys than sells. Might change one day but not right now.
@_date: 2014-08-02 09:03:24
No clue, but apparently it's in the Paypal offices, so I think 'more than zero' is a safe bet :p And 'more than ever at any other meetup' too, and perhaps even 'a significant amount' but that'd be a pure guess. But considering their CEO said some favorable things about bitcoin (cool technology, own some myself, paypal is looking at it to see if it's worth implementing etc) I wouldn't be surprised if quite a few paypal employees attended an event they hosted (not directed but hosted) in their own offices. But haven't got any numbers.
@_date: 2014-09-29 11:57:28
OH SNAP.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:32:33
Sure, I agree, cryptographic proof is better. We'll probably see this happen pretty soon.
Here is what bitcoin-central is currently at. They like cryptographic proof but say it may open them up to security problems. 
Anyway, two things on this. 1) Again, proof of solvency is meaningless unless other things are audited as well. For example, if Mt. Gox had 100% proof of solvency but did not have its business operations audited, users wouldn't know that its cold storage was in fact hot meaning even if they had 100% of funds, they could be stolen at any moment. Audits are substantial and comprehensive, they include MUCH more than proof of solvency. And 2) Bitcoin companies can get better access to banking partners and more leniency from regulators if they're audited by a big four company. This has been shown in lobbying experiences. This probably will change, but we'll need to educate regulators on the validity, efficiency, security, robustness and ease of cryptographically-based audits first. This is in process too which is great!
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:22:37
Two things:
1) You spend the 1 bitcoin. Then you create a new cold storage fund and sweep the old cold 'compromised' fund and send it to the new one.
2) You make a transaction on any old computer. You put it on a USB stick. You take it to cold storage. You load it up, you sign it with your private key. You take the transaction off with a USB stick. You put it in your PC and broadcast the transaction. Only thing to watch out for is malware on the USB stick, that's rare, and can be combated.
An improvement to (2) is to use QR codes to transfer data. i.e. your cold storage uses a camera to scan a QR code of your transaction-making device, which holds the unsigned transaction. It then signs it, produces a QR code of the signed transaction, the other PC scans it and broadcasts it. No USB involved and you can't do malware like that via a QR code.
Big hassle but that's the way. A more easier way is to e.g. batch your cold storage. Just print a sheet of 20 cold storage private keys as paper wallets. Scan their public address and put say 1 bitcoin in each. Also keep 1 'big wallet' and put the other 80 bitcoin in there. If you want to spend 0.5 bitcoin you sweep one paper wallet, pay 0.5, and send the other 0.5 to the big wallet. Once you've exhausted your 20 bitcoin-bills, you just create new ones from the big wallet (which you now replace with a new big wallet). Less hassle.
Least hassle is just to keep cold storage for long-term savings and keep a small bit of coin in your hot wallet, encrypt it, then replenish the hot wallet weekly with an auto-buy for example and keep the amounts low.
@_date: 2014-06-23 12:25:10
If Steve Jobs presents the iphone for the first time and it's not in stores, it's just a video and talk... does that mean ANYthing? Yes, it does. 
So we've established videos and talk can actually be extremely meaningful. Now you may disagree about how meaningful Circle really is. You can say you don't trust the founders or that the product is crap. But if you agree the founders and the product looks promising, then you arrive at my point. That's all I've said. I've said the product and the employees look promising, more so than any company's announced bitcoin products right now.
I'll quickly go over it.
First you have Jeremy Allaire. He built multiple successful companies to multiple IPOs, his companies are part of multi-billion dollar ventures. He's raised between 100-300m dollars for his companies in his lifetime. 
He founded and built ColdFusion, which has 300 thousand developers worldwide and 10 thousand companies use it. Not just any companies, 75 of the fortune 100 companies use ColdFusion. Tons of huge banks like Bank of America use ColdFusion.
He's no Steve Jobs, but Jeremy Allaire has a very impressive track record. If he builds a new product, people are interested because he's not some dude working from his mom's basement, he's someone who has proven over and over again that he can build software and build companies.
And that's just the CEO, they've got a bunch of very senior people on board besides this just look for yourself.
Then there's the product. They offer instant withdrawals and deposits. That's never been done before. They offer insurance on your normal wallet. That's never been done before. They offer zero-fees for depositing/spending/buying or selling bitcoin (except if you want to buy with creditcard, but using a regular bank transfer to buy bitcoin is free, and again, instant so a CC is not necessary). That has never been done before.
In short, it's THE user-friendly company many in the industry have been waiting for. It's the type of company I could let my parents use. That's exciting, because it makes bitcoin usable and accessible to millions of people very easily.
Now I'm not going to use Circle, I like holding my keys myself. But I can see why it's such a promising company. If you want to disagree with that, that's fine. If you want you can compare Jeremy Allaire to Danny Brewster, it'd be ridiculously weird but you could do that if you'd want. But don't say they're shit just because they haven't released a product, that's super normal, I can point you to a whole load of products that were announced, worked on and then released much later. Kraken and Google Glass both prototyped in early 2011, limited release in late 2013, and for Glass only to developers, consumers only got it in 2014.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:37:28
An easy remittance service which requires local exchange markets, which has been the big thing holding this back. It's easy to send the bitcoin now, but it's hard to spend the bitcoin, thus you need to exchange it to fiat, which is hard in most remittance markets. e.g. there's no amazing exchange in Bangladesh while it's a pretty decent remittance corridor. 
So local markets in every country like Bitstamp or Coinbase. Once you have that, Western Union can disappear over night.
Other than that, a great and simple wallet for mainstream users. I'm looking forward to Circle.
A hardware wallet.
Integration of bitcoin in Square, allowing merchants to take both creditcards, cash and bitcoin on their iphone or ipad in stores and need nothing else. Square integrated bitcoin only in their market, not their pos stuff.
I'd like to see a reverse Bitpay for companies and customers who make voluntary agreements as to how wages are paid out. It should be as easy to pay your employee (in bitcoin) as it is to send him an e-mail, even if you don't even accept bitcoin. This could be as easy as letting employees enter 2 bank accounts. One which is theirs, one which is say Bitpay's, and instruct the company to add their employee ID number that the employee configured with Bitpay. Then Bitpay sends the bitcoin equivalent to the address the employee configured with Bitpay. This way the company doesn't even need to know anything about bitcoin, it only has to accept sending your salary 10% to one account and 90% to another account for example. The employee then works with BitPay to do the rest.
Another easy one is re-buy for hosted wallets like Coinbase. So, if you spend $50 of bitcoin, it automatically starts an ACH transaction to buy back the coins.
Stuff like that. There's loads more.
@_date: 2014-08-02 17:35:27
Thanks buddy
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:33:08
I'd have expected Bitstamp. Coinbase has its own wallet though, it's a competitor. Most who get bitcoin through Coinbase keep it there. 
@_date: 2014-07-05 10:26:18
Link us.
There's no reason petamine cannot work, so don't put that in the title.
It may not work now, I don't know. Feel free to elaborate or link us. Numbers, souces, links. 
As for their proposal, as far as I know this is always proposed, has been since the beginning, investing 0% or investing 100% or 25/50% It's up to the shareholders to vote on that.
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:30:07
That's silly. I don't know any numbers but it wouldn't be unreasonable to assume 25% of their mining are financed by cloud contracts. If you take that away, they lose that hashing power long term, while these same people invest it elsewhere and create competition. It's the difference between them doing 20% or 45%. I think boycott is very viable, it's not a perfect solution, it's not the final solution, but it sure as hell helps.
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:28:32
Thanks mate, I think you hit the nail on the head. :)
@_date: 2014-07-17 22:01:30
VoS has always been impressive, but it's easy to look good when things are going well. The thing I like about them most is that they seem to take the best decisions in difficult times, even if these decisions aren't immediately perfect, eventually they seem to put the customer first and try to build a long-term business. Kudos and much respect.
@_date: 2014-08-09 20:10:31
Really awesome but I'd love to see a big INFO button that users can press. It'll pop up the basics about security.
I really like this and it's brilliant, a simple web-interface that does what blockchain.info's wallet does, only much quicker, slicker, simpler, and like it, no storage of keys.
BUT unless we start educating users from day 1, we're going to have scandals down the road. The current info button says that bookmarking the key is recommended, when a key without a password is just really unsafe. Both browser history and bookmark history are vulnerable, both from malicious browser extensions (no bookmark or history manager can ever be considered safe) as well as other people using the computer.
Ask yourself how many times you've seen porn history on someone else's computer or a public one, or seen a facebook post saying 'I'm gay' because they didn't log out or clear history. That's the amount of times you might see 'my bitcoins are gone' in the future, unless we educate people from day 1 about the security implications of storing a private key in a URL in history/bookmarks.
That doesn't mean I don't like this, again, I think it's brilliant, but I'd love to see a much bigger emphasis on security. To me that'd mean the 'create wallet with password' button gets much more emphasis, and that users are prompted 'do you REALLY want to create a wallet without a password?' etc. And once they get the wallet there's a big button on the bottom saying 'Congrats, you have a wallet. Here's how to keep it secure.' that pulsates on the first time, with more info on how to store the key, to use incognito/privacy mode, and to take care using a public computer.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:11:14
Good question and good point.
Alright, so there's two points to this. The first one is an easy one which is that BitPesa currently takes 0 fees, and has a 3% exchange fee. That 3% exchange fee is due to a nascent bitcoin market in the local region. Once that develops more, you'll see exchange fees go down (e.g. in Europe I pay 0.2% at Kraken, which is the highest fee, and it goes down even more with more volume). Their CEO has reiterated this, too, that their fees are 3% now, but set to come down over time.
Second are the current remittance fees in the various corridors. The World Bank actually has pretty nice data on this. Here's four corridors, US, UK, Canada and Tanzania, all to Kenya as a receiving country.
In the remittance industry, a 200 &amp; 500 amount (usually dollars) is customary for data and comparison, for GBP it's 120 pounds. The average remittance varies. For example for Mexico (a relatively wealthy country for a remittance receiver, compared to e.g. countries like Mali) the amount averages $300, or about 175 pounds. So a 500 pound amount is quite steep to take as a benchmark. I'd say a $200-300 is quite typical, 120 pounds is a popular average amount.
So here's the world bank data:
About a 9% average for the US.
Canada's bank average is about 20%. Transfer operator (like WU) is about 8-9%. 
About a 6% average for the UK.
So for WU we're looking at something like this:
Amount we will send:	 117,10 GBP
Transfer fee:	 2,90 GBP
Total price:	 120,00 GBP
Amount paid to receiver:	 17083,42 KES
For BitPesa, that amount to receive was 17,337 and will go up down as their 3% exchange rate fee is likely to hit sub 1% within 12 months. 
And let's not forget that the UK market is one of the most competitive and low-cost remittance markets in the world. Other places like the US or Canada are about 50% more expensive.
So BitPesa does quite well across the board at 3%, confirmed in minutes, straight to your mobile phone locally, with a fee that is set to come down over time. That's why I think they're doing great work. They're not free, far from perfect, but they're pioneering this thing excellently.
@_date: 2014-08-26 21:27:02
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:26:58
Is it possible to test a $50 transaction, or even a $500 transaction without buying just to see if the fees are the same? Your earlier example was 14%, which is fine for testing with $5 but quite a big loss for anyone looking to start using bitcoin a lot.
As such I'm wondering if the fees go down if you use higher amounts. e.g. the fees might be 30 cents + 5% meaning $5 is expensive, $500 wouldn't be.
Also, have you find any press in Ukraine talk about this? I'm wondering if the terminal manufacturers / operators are behind it, or if the operators just rented a 'slot of software' to a bitcoin operator. How does it all work and is there any press release or brand or company associated with this we can follow? Couldn't find any (english) resources on btcu.
Thanks a lot! 1 upvote @_date: 2014-03-04 16:49:22
A few reasons
- Like setting up an account at gmail, you can use hosted wallets without understanding bitcoin very much. Setting up a secure personal wallet, use it in a convenient manner without risk of losing the keys or having the keys stolen through malware, keyloggers, mitm, hacking, just not something that comes easy to the average person. For an average person, blockchain.info is probably more secure than keeping your own wallet.
- If you care at all about using bitcoin for investing, you either want to be able to daytrade or atleast react to big news events. Mt gox went bankrupt and you were waiting an hour to get your bitcoin deposit confirmed at bitstamp to sell? You can hardly trade when you need to wait 2 days or 2 weeks for a fist deposit.
"A complete stranger" does not do some hosted wallets justice.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:33:19
Thanks man, that's very kind :)
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:56:05
@_date: 2014-09-30 22:00:54
Damn... how much communication have you had with Paypal since? (two weeks ago). 
In some of the cases I've seen, they generally algorithmically flag accounts which get frozen, and then they take a skeptical stance, and you get the burden of proof, and they'll go edgar hoover on you, but in the end they're generally amenable to reasonable business stories, unless they contradict a very substantial list of customer complaints and reports of fraud, which aren't relevant in your case. 
Have you gone through this entire process already? Make sure to try to get some legal involved. They only have a right to seize custodial funds under certain premises.
Also, they tend to freeze accounts of merchants when they received much more money than they shipped. Did you at any point sell while out-of-stock, banking on the new shipment from your supplier and causing delays? And have you heard of any complaints about this? (if you're willing to share for example, how many units have been sold on Paypal, how many are shipped, how many are in-stock and shippable (to specifically paypal orders) in the next few days? As right now you've not gone in to why they froze your account and why that reason is valid or invalid)
Good luck brother!
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:34:44
Surely I can't be the only one who actually visits a website before talking about it.
Hint: it doesn't generate passphrases. It describes a method to use dice, in real life, to generate truly random passphrases that have never touched the internet.
It gives a list of roughly 7.000 english words and lets you randomly pick from these words by throwing dice.
So having a 20 word password gives you 7000^20 possible phrases, or 8e76 or in plaintext, the number 79792266297612001000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 
which is called 79 quattuorvigintillion, and more entropy than you'll ever need, completely secure, completely offline, untraceable, truly random, yet nicely made up of english words that are arguably easy to remember or write down or read from a piece of paper, more so than random numbers.
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:43:53
I don't disagree with the fact it should be debated or that it's better to think these things through in advance.
But you replied to my comment about how it's immoral to claim 3 btc that were never intended to be miner fees as miner fees saying:


It is IMMORAL to steal from others simply because you feel it's the right thing to do.
I then said you focused on the morality of breaking the law as technically you may be stealing the bitcoin from a legal perspective. 
I then explained how moral and legal aren't the same, how hitler was legal but immoral, and how it's likely judges will actually say this was legal, too, because they don't strictly follow the law and some legal agreements are routinely voided in the courts, judges have room for interpretation. And I added to this that I say this from almost daily legal experiences for more than a decade, not just something some guy told me in a bar 3 years ago.
But sure if you want to 'simply make the point' and only this point, that it's debated and that it's better to think these things through in advance, sure, I fully agree. Guess we're done.
@_date: 2014-11-30 18:25:41
I actually think quite highly of Gallippi, he's helped build a pretty awesome and important bitcoin company that has grown a ton in the past 3 years, received a valuation of $150m just last May, processes almost half a billion dollars in bitcoin sales a year, received some of the most funding and has one of the biggest teams working on bitcoin products, and philosophically I like the approach they chose for Bitpay. Fully open-source instead of proprietary, tends to (intentionally) put bitcoin before bitpay (e.g. the bitcoin bowl, not bitpay bowl) with a SaaS product starting at 0% fees for payment processing of any volume forever. 
I'm just really curious as to what he actually meant to say, and if he has any data to back it up. But look at Coinbase, in the past year they've had about 10% month-over-month growth in wallets, same for Blockchain.info. From the rest we don't have many numbers. 1.1 ^ 12 is 215% growth every year. Triple digit growth is 100% and above. That's not so crazy, in fact it's very reasonable to say we'll see bitcoin users double every year for a few years, on average that is. (one year may be slow, the next it quadruples) And I think that's what he's referring to, users, usage. He runs a payment processing company, I doubt he's talking about bitcoin's price in the context of a non-payments gold-like store of value. 
Anyway it's just speculation, I'd rather hear from him properly than a vague out of context quote like this.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:21:40
This. Numbers on the 'dark side' are ridiculous. The $1.2b cocaine, lsd etc figure of Silk Road and 20% of Narcotics trade is off by 10-100x at least. (I've checked).
More importantly, indeed, it doesn't explain why bitcoin really is so interesting. Fundamentally I think it's important to explain why an open permissionless protocol is extremely important (e.g. the Internet), and why decentralisation is important. (e.g., they could've actually used Mt. Gox as an example of centralization failure). If you don't explain this, it's too easy to say 'why bitcoin, I have fiat for cash and paypal for digital' and not have a clue why this isn't correct.
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:13:16
Thanks bud!
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:54:06
Hopefully soon:
That's what blockchain.info is working on.
Until then, crappy looking web wallets or built-for-mobile HTML5 apps by parties without a longstanding reputation.
@_date: 2014-04-02 17:32:59
Yeah 1.1m coinbase users, probably 0 actual users.
Come on, we can reasonably expect certain numbers of users, particularly because more than half a million new users joined in the past 3 months or so. 
I'll agree Coinbase doesn't have 1.1m users, but between the different exchanges, hosted wallets, software / paper / hardware wallets, 1-2m users seems a pretty reasonable conservative minimum estimate to me. Also, Coinbase and Blockchain.info, for example, have pretty solid 15-20% or so month on month growth rates. An order of magnitude (10x) growth in 2014 is pretty likely.
What would you estimate yourself?
Would be great to see better data coming out (e.g. 'active users') at some point.
@_date: 2014-10-03 03:28:10
So they are not actually a bank, thanks for clearing that up.
@_date: 2014-12-21 20:52:49
Because the past 18 months saw speculation outpace adoption.
Now it's the other way around, but the price level has to adjust first. That's how I see it.
So basically, the price was say $100 with 1m users  in early 2013. Then there was a ton of speculation, drove it to $1000 (10x) yet users went to 2m (2x) in late 2013.
That can't go on forever. The price has to adjust back. So the price dropped back to 3x which is closer to where adoption is now. We'll probably see the price pick up again in 2015 as users grow by another 50-100%, until the next rally which skyrockets the price again, following another price adjustment.
It's just the way of bitcoin historically. Btw the above numbers are just made up for the sake of example, they're not supposed to be accurate (although probably not very far off either).
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:37:37
I agree, that's extremely sloppy. I'm really wondering what went in to the decision to say it'd be 'free' despite it being pretty naive to expect Visa to offer a free card to a tiny company like Xapo with probably no more than a few thousand pre-orders at best to boast in negotiations. Sure Amazon with 10m pre-orders of an Amazon Card could negotiate a sick deal, but Xapo?
So there are monthly fees, and Xapo could've expected that.
Still I don't really see ill-intent. After all, they waived the setup fees for all pre-orders to the tune of 3 months of fees, plus communicated the new fees on reddit and their website. Transparent, if late.
That means anyone could use the card and cancel after 3 months without paying any more than they thought they would (as a $15 setup fee was communicated the first time, around, too). The fact that Xapo waived these fees means it gains nothing by tricking people into using their non-free service, after all there's no 1-year contract.
More realistically, I think their communication was sloppy. They said 'free to use'. That can easily refer to the actual use of a payments-card, paying. And that's still as free today as it was when they announced it. You don't pay to use the card for payments. It's sloppy in that they didn't elaborate with caveats 'but there may be fees for e.g. ATM withdrawals' etc. But the core use, making payments, the 'free to use' part, is still completely true, it's free to use. They should have added the caveats, but then those weren't clear. In fact, they explicitly said the ATM withdrawal wouldn't be possible, so of course it wouldn't make sense to name that as a fee when it's not even an offered service. But then the eventual card did allow that, only now you need to pay for it. That's not the type of  stuff I get angry about, I'd rather have a card that's free to pay with, but costs money for a withdrawal, than a card that's free to pay with that can't do a withdrawal at all.
The monthly fee sucks. It's a big mistake. But again, it's not much different to Coinbase having a one-liner 'free wallet', without mentioning there's a 1% fee to actually purchase coins to put in your 'free wallet'. It's excusable, in my opinion, particularly for a product that's very much in progress. Promises are one thing, but as adults we must also respect the fact that you're entitled to 0 until the moment you actually pay for a product that's described differently from what it actually is. And nobody paid Xapo for that product. The pre-orders were free, discounted by $15, enough to use the card for 3 months for free. And for anyone else who ordered after and had to pay $15, by that time the fee structure was transparently and clearly communicated to all.
As for fees like 'balance checking fees', it's not something I consider. Anyone can login to their xapo wallet and check their bitcoin balance for free, no need to go to an ATM and use your card for that. And the ATM fee isn't a big deal for me either. The most important two things for me are the fact that it's free to make a payment. That's cool stuff. And the fact that it's a $5 a month service, that sucks. That's why I won't use it. But hey, they communicated that clearly to me, which is why I have the choice. And if I already pre-ordered it, I got it for free, and I can cancel at any time, there's no 1-year contract. 
So frankly for me, no ill intent seen. It's sloppy but not the huge crime people speak of, warranted to call it worse than Mt. Gox (more than one have done so, somehow.) It's a cool product allowing anyone to pay at 28m VISA merchants worldwide straight from a bitcoin wallet, no bank account needed or a need to hold fiat, no fees on payments, and it costs you $60 a year. Not for me, but plenty of bitcoin enthusiasts to be excited about this.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:14:07
@_date: 2014-06-16 22:07:52
Germany looked strong, one of the top contenders! But it's still too early to say if this is it for Portugal, Pepe was being Pepe as always, so Portugal played with 10 for most of the match. Who knows, they can beat the US for sure (not as easy as it used to be), Ghana will be tricky but who knows we might see them survive the group phase as everyone will probably lose to Germany in this group.
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:21:56
'including myself'.
There are multiple words for inflation. Inflation of prices or inflation of the money supply, for example. Clearly, he was referring to the latter, so he's correct. (except that for a caveat, here: 
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:26:13
This. It's a beautiful mechanism. Also, don't forget, bitcoin is likely to scale by 100x in the next 5 years, at which point transaction fees start to outweight even today's mining revenue.
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:31:58


Indeed. But I think it's safe to assume at least a minimum amount of bitcoins (e.g. 0.01%) is lost every year due to people losing keys. It happens all the time. In fact, dollar money supply is much higher than price inflation because a big chunk of it is to replace lost/damaged dollars to to mishandling of money. Mishandling of money in the form of bitcoin will very likely to always exist, it's just human nature to make mistakes and lose or misplace backups, forget passwords to hosted wallets, forget brain wallets etc. In 2056 or so, annual new bitcoin supply is about 0.01%, so when newborns are in their forties, it's safe to say total owned bitcoins will actually shrink every year.
Whether 0.01% or 0.1% or whatever amount is actually lost every year is hard to say. But personally I wouldn't think of 0.1% as very unlikely. What about you? (supply below 0.1% will happen will happen more than a decade sooner for example).


You can price something in dollars, you can price something in gold or in paper or in sand if you'd want. In other words, the price of a dollar as denominated in bitcoin is an example of something bitcoin denominated. Other than this, there's actually plenty of stores that offer either fiat + bitcoin prices, or only accept bitcoin payments are are chiefly denominated in bitcoin. (e.g.  This will just grow over time.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:31:08
Great post bud, 1 upvote Fact is, nobody here would be comfortable if I or Ghash or anyone else held the key to their money vault, or if I had to sign off on every one of their transactions, or if I could reverse payments they received, or if I could send them money for e.g. gold bars and then reverse that the next day.
The fact of the matter is, just because I'm not actively scamming or stealing, doesn't mean anyone is comfortable with me having control over their money.
Guess what, GHASH, you're exactly the same. Nobody is comfortable with you controlling bitcoin regardless of whether your current intention is to play it fair. 
The very fact that bitcoin has decentralized the utility of transactions is why its unique, and you just destroyed that completely regardless of your intentions. And if you continue on the verge of 50%, bitcoin is nothing to me, it's just like every other centralized value system. If Google would build a centralized google currency I'd trust it a 100x more than a centralized bitcoin with Ghash behind it. Don't you get that? Don't you get that you destroyed the notion of decentralization? Don't you get that the ONLY solution is to bring back decentralization? There's absolutely no need to discuss this with anyone else, everyone else is making investments in hashing power as much as they can. It's about you having to take responsibility and limiting yourself to 40% max, preferably 16% for me (requires 4+ pools colluding). You can do this a million different ways, a great example is as BashCo suggested (incremental fee increases as you approach 50% hashrate) but there's no other way than for your hashrate to go down. And frankly, if I read your post, you don't seem to acknowledge that at all.
@_date: 2014-07-15 14:19:58
Man Coinbase has been running an extremely tight game in May/June and now July, too. Kudos.
@_date: 2014-10-02 18:21:06
*In other news today, global tinfoil prices up by 600% after a mysterious entity referred to as Hodldown started buying up untold volumes of tinfoil for the purpose of mass manufacturing of hats, speculated to be used for personal consumption.*
@_date: 2014-08-08 18:49:18
Well a year of losses is a big overstatement. 12 months ago the price was less than $100, it's six times higher today.
Yes, the price rallied to $1100, but that doesn't constitute a year of losses.
As for if the price will drop further? Of course it's impossible to say. But Mt. Gox and China were two major events, the one caused the hype and crash, the other caused a crash, too. I doubt we'll see something so significant again. (1/16 of all bitcoins lost in Mt. Gox or 1/6 of people on the planet clamped down from trading bitcoin). 
Meanwhile we see VC investment's exploding, wall street has never been this close or realistic (it was a pipe dream just 2 years ago), including an ETF, and we're seeing REAL products take off (such as BitPesa).
Regulation remains a tricky subject, price-wise, as I think there's still quite a bit of uncertainty and fear as to what NY will do (likely as a template for the rest of the US) and what Europe will do exactly. And we're also seeing some of the 'best' markets in South America ban bitcoin.
But overall, I wouldn't expect a year of losses at all. I expect a price of $1.5k in 12 months from now, but that's of course a complete uncertainty.
@_date: 2014-09-30 22:51:28
Man that really, really sucks. Not just because it sucks, but also because it's just so dumb. It makes no sense, the government doesn't benefit. Taxation is always a matter of maximizing tax revenue. When you tax a nascent currency so that its use is 10% more expensive than every other of the 200 currencies in the world, it fails. Any industry participating or relying on that currency has to shut down, there's simply no way people will structurally go out of their way to pay 10% extra, it's ridiculous. You're killing companies, killing jobs, killing any potential other tax revenues (e.g. corporate tax) from this industry, losing out on a potential competitive shift that'll continue in the rest of the world.
I understand when someone sells apples and says 'oh, it's not my product, it's a currency! don't tax me' that a judge says 'fuck that, obviously not a currency.' But when you have the bank of england, just to take an example, writing papers and publishing videos and articles on the currency that is bitcoin, when it's subject to anti-money laundering legislation in much of the world, used as a currency by millions and companies have received half a billion dollars to produce wallets, payment processing, exchanges etc of this currency... it makes a lot of sense to go ahead and say 'this is not an apple, it's a currency'. This is just a silly move that's hurting businesses, consumers and the government.
@_date: 2014-10-21 17:05:31
Awesome. Hardware has gotten so cheap these days, look at the Raspberry Pi, a complete computer for $25 or so.
Bitcoin transaction processing can indeed easily run on a $50 Chinese tablet, if that's the only thing it has to run. Pure software based payments with little to no proprietary elements means you can run it on dirt-cheap hardware. Glad they're taking advantage of that!
@_date: 2014-04-06 21:41:59
I've got 0 interest in mining, I'm just scared this fucks up the fundamentals of the protocol. If miners are incentivized to not process transactions, bitcoin is pretty much dead isn't it? 
Can we have a bit more discussion on what the long-term implications of this are if they can do what they do over and over again, and if they can?
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:42:46
That's pretty huge. Only thing is, I'd expect this to face huge regulatory challenges. And that's important considering these ATMs are physical things that governments can easily shut down. I'm curious as to how they deal with this.
Looks really awesome though, two-way ATMs with bitcoin as an internal settling system can de facto allow easy fiat-to-fiat global remittances for example where neither persons even need a bitcoin wallet. One puts fiat in, the other gets fiat out, the ATM settles it at an exchange automatically and takes a fraction of what Western Union takes.
@_date: 2014-05-20 16:52:15
Oh absolutely, I don't think he's fit for a PR job. But let's be fair and separate rumor from certainty. I never said anything about whether he should keep his job at all. 
But thanks for the downvotes whoever is making them for merely rehashing what we know, which is that he's never been charged, convicted, jailed and ought to be presumed innocent until proven guilty. Anyone who disagrees with that is frankly disgusting.
But that doesn't mean he's suitable for PR. He's got the right to be in the position, he was elected, but I'm not in favor of it personally.
@_date: 2014-06-26 18:15:32
Man brainwallet fucking sucks. People should use bitaddress already, preferably on e.g. Tails OS and using real life dice to create randomness.
@_date: 2014-10-08 23:52:40
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:23:13
Wasn't that obvious? I've said this outright over and over again.
You only need to look at the 12-month price chart for cex's GH/S prices and compare it to the 12-month chart of mining difficulty.
And you can easily see it's at least a very clear bubble, and likely a ponzi for extra reasons, too.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:00:13
I don't think this is a good perspective as it's not really a long-term rate. The 8% doesn't cover 'your expense', it's just 'whatever you can charge'. 
Let's not forget, bitcoin is said to be beneficial because:
- you don't pay 2-3% creditcard fees or 10%+ on western union fees
- you don't have annual inflation fees 15 years from now when 99% of all coins are mined
The idea that you buy bitcoin at 8% and then use it somewhere means you're worse off. That means anyone who buys from you at that rate is either unconcerned with the exact fee due to being an enthusiast (want to try it / use it no matter what) or a (crappy) speculator. None of these things are part of bitcoin in the long-term, and I'd be very surprised if you could get 8% on localbitcoins a few years from now.
But the question is, are ATM fees inherent to the service, or just so high because there's no competition. It's easy to speculate on this, but I'd love some actual data and atm-insider insights.
@_date: 2014-05-05 21:21:26
Man I hear what he's saying but 30k software engineers is a sickeningly high number. Given an engineer easily makes $80k a year, (e.g. easily 120k in silicon valley) that means there's about $2.4 billion dollars a year being spent on bitcoin programmer salaries alone. 
I think that's absolutely ridiculous considering in 2009 to 2013 we saw about 100m total of investments and a bunch of really scrappy self-funded companies. Even if not everyone gets paid, even if the average is lower. It's just a staggeringly large number. 
I'm wondering where he gets this figure from. But I do agree with the overall point, there's a load of talent pouring into bitcoin and a lot of smart money is riding on it, too. That generally says quite a lot. And that's interesting because the financial industry has been extremely ripe for disruption (e.g. Stripe, Square, online-only banking), so for VCs and talent to put money into bitcoin as opposed to the huge other opportunities in finance says a lot.
@_date: 2014-02-27 09:44:32
Want to make a point, make it. Ive stated in various comments bitcoin being illegal in numerous countries in america/europe, or everywhere, would prevent it from existing in any meaningful way. Im not saying it will be banned or that it cant survive one country making it illegal.
Its in response to people claiming that even if its illegal worldwide it will still thrive without payment processors, exchanges, ATMs, any public business, shit volume, high volatility etc. i think that is unrealistic.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:21:28
Please be careful and do your research. A quick starter:
If it all checks out for you, best of luck and have fun!
As for remittance. Yes, could be huge, but ATM fees need to come down from 5-10% and more importantly need to exist in lower-income countries. It's pretty easy to get coin in Europe/the US and send it anywhere. The obstacle are the receiving party not being able to liquidate their coin into local currencies.
@_date: 2014-08-24 11:32:48
SecondMarket has also been reported to launch some form of an exchange after the summer.
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:21:17
Absolutely ridiculous. Listen, if the president of north korea makes some silly statements and you shit all over him without inviting a north korean official, that's okay. But if you've got extremely well respected industry veterans like Andreessen come out and state Bitcoin the biggest tech innovation of the past 2 decades, you need to present both cases of the story. 
You just can't have two people who have 0 bitcoin experience and appear not to understand some of its core principles to shit all over it. It's like asking Bill Gates to comment on a new dancing style out of Brazil, he just wouldn't get it. Sure you can get him to leave his personal comments, but at least invite one of those dancers to give their side of the story.
This is just really sad journalism.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:20:11
bit access who apparently got 10m funding a while ago.
@_date: 2014-05-10 21:37:02
Well a few things are happening. One is that they're moving to a new office, they opened offices in NYC, San Fran and Amsterdam. They raised 30m extra (after having raised only a few million before, a big step). They pretty much doubled their team size the past few months, and they very recently hit 30k merchants and integrated with a few more payment solutions. Most of that has been announced, but not in any big manner, so it might be reiterated. 
But the way he put it, stating  might mean it's something that goes into effect immediately, rather than iterative business operations improvements that benefit the ecosystem indirectly. Something like a big contract or a product launch. 
But it's most likely the 30m funding to be honest. They haven't announced it yet anywhere and their website still says $2.7m funding. These things have a tremendous impact. For example, with 10m you can hire about 100 software engineers for a year, 150 if you give them some stock instead of cash in salary. With 20m + stock you can hire a team of 50 software engineers for 4 years + management easily. Such a team is a fucking massive force. Spend the other 10m on sales, legal etc, and you're looking at a massive team working for 4 years without necessarily having to profit much from its customers, meaning software can iterate fast and sales can be aggressive (e.g. waiving fees for the first 100k in revenues per merchant.) It's pretty massive news, and it'd be surprising if they had other 'big news' that isn't this, because they sure as hell are going to announce the 30m funding in a big way someday, so it's probably now.
@_date: 2014-04-01 23:43:12
IRS has no voice in this case. Fincen does. They said bitcoin is a money-substitute and must be treated much like it with regards to anti-money laundering and KYC duties.
So, 0 chance of this holding up in court. Also, even if it did, he was accused of much more. (e.g. murder for hire (dropped I think), drug trafficking etc).
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:56:35
You're confusing a seed investment or a series A round with an exit. Look up these two VC terminologies and you'll see what the difference is.
For example, in 2004 Peter Thiel made a 0.5m series A investment in Facebook. In 2012 facebook did an IPO, the exit, for $81b or 8100m. Peter's investment obviously paid off. 
Guess what, Coinbase had a 25m series A and there's already been at least one financial journalist who put Coinbase at a billion dollar valuation. When Andreessen Horowitz invested it was valued at $140m, not too shabby 1.5 years after launching. Give it 6 years like Whatsapp and you'll likely see an exit of a few billion dollars for the VC investors if bitcoin succeeds.
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:00:52
* First of all, renting out hardware earns them more than running the hardware themselves, else they'd run it themselves. As such, there's a premium profit here. Boycotting them would remove this profit, that's a simple and logical conclusion to make.
* From that it follows that, given the hashrate grows exponentially and hardware must be replaced relatively quickly after purchase, subsequent purchases of hardware depend on their profitability. As contracts give the highest premiums, cutting out this profit by boycotting their cloud-mining products will reduce their subsequent investments in new hardware to hardware they can finance with their own money.
* Thirdly, it's quite likely that after running hardware themselves, they rent it out when it's no longer profitable given the electricity costs, for a premium price at which it still makes them money when they otherwise would not run them. This means that not only do they have more hashing power at any one time, but it also means their hardware becomes redundant less quickly compared to others and their hardware can have better ROIs because people who buy cloud contracts essentially subsidize them.
Those are the facts. It's clear that in the medium turn, after a cycle in which a generation of mining hardware must be replaced, a lack of mining contracts will reduce their ability to buy new hardware on the same scale as when they did sell mining contracts, and reduces their ability to run older hardware that's not profitable if not rented out.
This doesn't mean it's an easy end-all solution, but it certainly helps, it can be the difference between 45% and 25%, even 35% or 40% would be better than 45%.
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:39:51
Coinbase or Bitpay you can trust as a merchant, to the extent one can put trust in a company. Contact them and they'll walk you through how it works.
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:05:20
Wouldn't surprise me seeing how commonly I see this myopic analysis being put forward.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:14:35
@_date: 2014-12-07 07:53:41
Of course they've been hacked. Nobody would post something like this. Not only is it ridiculously dumb and stupid, but it's also a) risk your life infront of the courts, that means fines and possible jail time and b) completely ruin your company.
Even if you were a racist idiot that actually felt this way in secret, nobody would be stupid enough to post something like this.
Just consider for a second who is supposedly writing this...
well I'll just leave his CV here: 
This guy is a computer science PhD from France. Not saying you can't be racist if you're educated or from France, just saying the odds are he wouldn't be, odds are he wouldn't speak in this manner and odds are he wouldn't speak publicly through a company account in this manner.
@_date: 2014-12-30 08:46:05
Aah, you're too generous, thank you for the 42 cents, the answer to the universe, and your kind gesture! :D
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:02:23


I think that's pretty much what I covered. I said in the event of a theft, the user is only legally entitled to receiving up to the fees they paid in the past three months. I have my doubts about how enforceable this would be. In a custodial relationship like this, where Coinbase claims insurance to its users and is responsible for securing the custodial funds, that it could simply say 'we messed up, we're insured, we had responsibility over your funds, but we're not legally obligated to pay you more than some tiny fees you paid us lately'. A judge would likely throw this out of the window like waived liabilities so often are. But I'm just doubtful as to whether this is even Coinbase's position, hope -Olaf- can clear this up.


I agree completely, still I think it's useful if a Coinbase employee can clear up even the legal technicalities. Businesswise, it's a ridiculous notion that they'd insure their coins, pay out next to nothing to end users after a theft when their insurer reimburses them, and cause a mass exodus of customers, I agree completely.
@_date: 2014-04-28 10:27:23
Please consider that core developers have stated you probably shouldn't run a node unless you can do it properly. That is, if you can't actually transfer transactions fast, then other nodes are wasting their bandwidth by sending you data that you're not sharing fast enough. In that case you can actually hurt the network. So please only run a node if you know what you're doing.
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:05:46
Absolutely, I'd love for that to happen. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 00:36:36
It's an honor to teach *you* something for a change haha. Stay awesome!
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:56:24
They never said otherwise.
It's a bit like google glass releasing a demo in 2012 when not even developers could get their hands on one. Nobody ever communicated a launch date or anything. This notion that people thought everyone could get an account (or say, a google glass) on the same day they demo'd the product in a short video (and get $10 for their effort) came out of nothing. They only demo'd their product at a conference and released a video that's all.
@_date: 2014-08-29 12:41:57
I'd considered for myself whether this would be profitable to do. Concluded yes. Glad others do, too.
Fact is if you run the numbers on any cloud contract you see that the purchased hashpower rarely comes close to generating 75% of the investment amount in mining rewards.
So yes, that literally means people are selling X hashpower that generates $75 of bitcoin for $100, and thus they could indeed essentially (when you break it down) sell you overpriced bitcoin.
Whether they actually do this... I doubt it's a huge thing, but that's besides the point. The point is that IF they could do this, it fundamentally means cloud mining can not structurally return on investment. (as then they couldn't just buy bitcoins and sell them to you, as that'd be unprofitable.) The fact that they **could** therefore means cloud mining is bad for your financial health.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:11:44
It all started with a pizza in one place. If fast food is any indicator, I'm all for the hotdog!
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:53:05
Guys, is there ANY freaking stream or recorded video of this event, or plans for it to come out in the following days? Coindesk is freaking silent and there's no real info anywhere... This is the biggest bitcoin event / conference ever and there's just a trickle of information.
Would love to be able to watch some of the speakers like at CoinSummit.
@_date: 2014-08-27 21:12:42
Ugh, you again. This has nothing to do with insurance. Damages is not insurance. Damages is when you don't have insurance and someone fucks up. Insurance is when someone fucks up, and you're covered by an independent insurer.  You've told the same story about Xapo and Circle, yet they've never stated anything like that apart from ambiguous legal speak in a TOS that, if you put into google, gets a billion hits because it's 90% liability-waving copypasting that matters a lot less than you think it does.
Give me a break. You really have to be a bit paranoid to look at claims that say they insure all bitcoin, but then to expect them to only pay out a tiny bit, even when all is insured, just to fuck with their lifeblood: their customers. It's beyond ridiculous. That's not how a VC-funded company is built. VC investments are investments into risky unprofitable ventures that have a long-term potential to make lots of money. Not this short-sighted trick everyone with an insurance claim, get a company theft, get insurance money, then pay out a few dollars to everyone and run. This whole debate is silly.
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:48:55
Nah it's bs. 
A wallet is there so you can spend money whenever you want in the same way you'd want to be able to drive your car whenever you want, Coinbase intends for their wallet to work like that. Coinbase doesn't intend it to be a bus that'll service you not when you want, but when the bus happens to come.
All the rest is not relevant to this analogy. You could say that Coinbase is like a private rental car service, a car that tries to arrive at your door instantly whenever you want to take a drive, and it happens to malfunction and not arrive as fast as Coinbase intends it to. (because they're building a car service, one that you can drive, whenever you want, that's their goal and their aim, they're not trying to build a bus service).
Now you can argue if we should call Coinbase's wallet a wallet in the first place (regardless if it manages your keys or not) because it's really not a wallet, but a keychain, to sign messages to a network to change inputs in a ledger, all of which has nothing remotely to do with what we think of when we say 'wallet'. That's fine, you can argue that, and I'd say that technically a bitcoin wallet doesn't exist and can't exist, that the concept of a digital wallet inherently is a stretch of imagination (and a nice one, at that), and that Coinbase, Blockchain.info, Multibit, Armory etc all fall under this category.
Anyway I think we've both made our points, if you still disagree that's fine then I'll agree to disagree. Best wishes.
@_date: 2014-09-08 11:32:03


Edited? *Please.* I literally went to the first source that popped up on google, dictionary.com, in which these words were completely absent, and quoted it as is, without qualification of who did it.
As for the relevance (as yes, there are indeed different definitions, so let's see how relevant these two words are), they are not relevant. Westboro Baptist Church's official position could be that they authorized a nuclear attack. Al-Qaeda's position could be that they bomb the twin towers. Democratically elected Hamas could bomb Israeli villages. Democratically elected Hezbollah could authorize suicide bombings. All these things happened and everyone recognizes them as terrorism. Just as I recognize a nuclear bomb on civilian cities as such under the circumstances at the time. In fact, historians have a word for this, it's called 'state terrorism' and there are many historians that qualify these bombings (together with e.g. the fire bombings in Dresden or the holocaust) as examples of such state terrorism.
But if you still disagree, it's fine. I don't particularly care what to call it myself. That's my position but I don't care whether we call it terrorism if we can discuss the morality of it which is more important to me.


Feel free to read on, to the part that says the Japanese sent a scenario for peace in January with conditions virtually exactly the same as were accepted the day after the bombings in August. The bombings were completely unnecessary to force this fact.


Absolutely disgraceful. Again, please consider the example of me robbing the bank. Doesn't give you the right to kill 50 innocent hostages just to force a solution, when a diplomatic and even lesser military solution is on the table. When for 8 months the bank robber has sent offers of complete and utter surrender. I just cannot fathom how you can see 200 thousand lives as such an easy bargaining chip. Even one life must be carefully considered, 200 thousand civilians, none of us will ever personally shake hands and exchange names with that many people.


Look, I don't care if you ignore my entire post again. I don't care if you don't read my opinion. Just read these quotes from the people in charge at the time (presidents and generals). Starting with the post WWII US President Eisenhower:




Don't have to take it from me. A US president saying it was **completely unnecessary**, not mandatory to save American lives, and that the Japanese were seeking surrender. This was by the way echoed by other presidents before and after like Herbert Hoover.
Chief of Naval Operations (5-star fleet admiral) :


On the thoughts of MacArthur, Another 5-star general during the WWII (and WWI and Korean War btw)


You don't need me to spell it out for you, do you? The Japanese were willing to surrender on the SAME terms that the US accepted AFTER the Nuclear bombings, weeks and even months BEFORE the nuclear bombs had hit. That's the definition of unnecessary.
Or a US study on the reasons for surrender:






Textbook definition of unnecessary. As for your note on the obsession with those two cities, I agree completely. I'm just responding to someone else bringing it up. But indeed, the firebombings on Tokyo were more severe. Guess what? The Japanese agree, whose leadership all said that the Nuclear bombs weren't what made them surrender. A final quote on this by historian Palmer Hoyt.


@_date: 2014-05-22 23:38:13
Indeed, I better cash out of my euros and buy some bitcoin cause this euro investment is not looking good right now! :D
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:04:37
It appears as if 3 days ago he was supposed to have already shipped, it was a deadline he posted himself over a month ago... which is a delay to the deadline of months earlier when they were supposed to have shipped this thing.
@_date: 2014-03-31 15:25:43
At $53k USD median *household* income in Brisbane, I'd say $75k USD without having to work a second for the rest of your life is an amazing deal for an *individual*. 
Are you saying you'd not take that kind of money?
Remember, even if 75k for an individual, or in other words 1.5x the median household income of Brisbane, one of the wealthiest places on the planet, is somehow 'average' in Brisbane... how would that not be fuck you money? If you have an average home, car, lifestyle of an individual living in Brisbane in terms of wealth, except you never have to work a single second of your life, how is that not fuck you money? I'm really surprised anyone would say that. It means you have complete freedom to do whatever you want, spend however much time with your family, learning, traveling, cooking, sporting, reading, making music, tinkering in your garage etc. Even the notion of having 75k in income that's independent of what you do, where you are, meaning you could move anywhere in the world, to places with fewer costs and better quality of life. I'm honestly surprised.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:23:19
I wasn't aware of your campaign, please direct us to where we can read about it :) Thanks
@_date: 2014-06-30 08:07:18
Bitcoin security really is very easy at its core. Basically, imagine you have a password. That password gives you access to your money.
Now imagine all you have to do is literally create a password that nobody can guess, and keep it safe. That's it.
So you could make up a password like 98u87yashnioas7ya6t40asidoasjdasdj and keep that safe. Then you could send money to that password, and use that password to pay. 
That's bitcoin. It's actually not that crazy. For something like a savings account it's truly very easy. I can literally flip a coin 100 times for example, either heads or tails (a bit of data is either 0 or 1). So flipping 100 coins gives you a 100 bit number.
Now basic math: how many 1-bit numbers are there? Two, there's '0' and '1' right. How about 2-bit numbers? There's 00, 01, 10 and 11. 4 numbers in total. How about 3-bit numbers? 000,100, 110, 111, 010, 011, that's 6 numbers. As you can see it's just 2^x, where x is the amount of digits. So a 100 bit number is 2^100. That's a huge number.
To put that into perspective, if you counted numbers (1, 2, 3 etc) for 100 trillion years straight, you would only count to 1/401969368th of the number 2^100.
In other words, nobody, not even all the supercomputers in the world, will ever flip 100 coins in exactly the same order as you did. That means this order is unique, completely random, nobody can accidentally find it or hack a computer to get it. That's your password right there. In bitcoin (or in public key cryptography, more broadly) it's called a private key.
So you can literally flip a coin a bunch of times and get a password. Now you can send bitcoin to that password, and use the password to send those bitcoins, anywhere on the planet, to anyone, for free, near instantly. 
If that's harder than opening up a bank account, then I want to know where you have your bank!
Now of course, that doesn't cut it for a checkings account. But that's where companies like Coinbase, Xapo and Circle come in. All three insure consumer deposits, have low or no fees and security similar to banks allowing you to easily store, spend and transfer money. But if you wanted, you could do it yourself and be your own bank. And that's pretty profound, I think. Imagine how banks would behave in a world in which nobody has a choice but to use them, versus a world in which anyone can do anything a bank can without the bank. That doesn't mean there won't be banks, but behavior will change and that's what is important.
@_date: 2014-06-19 22:19:03
Is there nothing besides pin? It's very naive to say the phone has pin so the app doesn't need it. Anyone I hope can think of various situations in which either the phone's pin is disabled, or the phone's pin isn't required (e.g. was unlocked in the last 10 minutes or the phone is still on and unlocked laying on a table etc)
@_date: 2014-04-24 22:41:21
You just presented a false choice about your USD being low at this point AND having to sell through Coinbase as opposed to the myriad of other cheaper options (Coinbase and an ATM probably being the most expensive choice). It's completely ridiculous. 
Appreciation of your money doesn't change the fact there's a cost. It's like saying you bought bitcoin 18 months ago at $10 and sell at $500 through an exchange that asks 50% fees. Just because you still made a lot of money doesn't mean you didn't just pay 50% fees, that reality doesn't change at all.
I'm glad you agree at least that gyft/bitpay are actual bitcoin solutions that are a lot better than a convoluted way to have Xapo sell off your bitcoin at an exchange while you're actually making regular creditcard transactions.
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:34:14
True, it's pretty easy now to spend and buy. Anyone can link their bank and instantly buy coin nowadays for free. Make use of all those discounts, get that Circle-Gyft thing going.
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:55:12
Can we get this upvoted? I really like this statement, a very clear and short answer on someone's position. I hope it'll become the default for new software devs representing bitcoin money, and that everyone changes asap. (with the exception of professional-oriented exchange type stuff. Bits should be a consumer-oriented thing)
@_date: 2014-12-07 00:43:37
1 upvote @_date: 2014-09-28 22:21:48
Hehe I wrote that sentence with the thought in mind (purely hypothetically) to consider what would happen to the price of gold if we'd be able to extract it as cheaply as aluminium, but considering that centuries of physics give no indication that will happen, and I (nor anyone else) thinks it'll happen, I opted to change the sentence and write down a more likely scenario. (excavating asteroids) as else people would focus on the validity of my hypothetical example, rather than focus on my point which is to illustrate that we don't value gold or aluminium because it's pretty, but because it's scarce. 
But by doing that I managed to get someone to nitpick my hypothetical example anyway and ignore the rest haha :P But yeah, won't be cheap (although it'd likely become quite cost effective at some point, until the price of some of those asteroid resources plummet)
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:46:24
GREAT START!
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:47:07
Yes, but only if you make a profit of course. (capital gains)
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:56:14
Indeed, I can recommend experimentation with desktop and mobile and web wallets in general. Downloading the blockchain and getting armory running is awesome, but it's also a hassle, there's a steep learning curve and there are more points of failure unless you know what you're doing a little bit. So as Gibbs said, try to do some test payments, experiment with small amounts of money and try different wallets and get a feel for how the blockchain works. If you really don't care for any of that, I'd just stay with Circle and over time try to work out how to set up a multi-sig paper wallet so you can safely store bitcoin savings independently.
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:05:54
Haha yeah extrapolation can be ridiculous. But I think it makes sense to look at pre-saturation points and post-saturation points.
For example if you have 1000 people in a community, and every year 1 person convinces another person to dance in the streets in just short of 10 years you'll have all 1000 people dancing in the streets. In those 10 years, extrapolation held firm. In the 10 years after, it's useless because there's nobody to convince.
So if you take an optimistic 5m current bitcoin users today, I think it's reasonable to say we could go to 50 or 500m before saturating all potential users. Arguably we could even have 5b users, but it's very hard to picture how that would look, it's just too far off. But take North America, that's 500m people. Take Europe, that's 500m people. Take the OECD countries (wealthy ones), that's 1.2b people. 
So take a conservative 4% or 40% penetration figure in e.g. 10 years from now in these wealthy countries while completely ignoring the other 6 billion users. If the extrapolation holds until then we can see 10x or 100x increases in usage and likely price, too.
Anyway it's hard to imagine the correlation holding. If you look at user growth it's much slower across the board, about 30x growth in 3 years if the current rate holds. That's massive, but a lot slower than going from a price of 500 today to 100k in 2 years like the chart says. (200x growth in 2 years). It just looks ridiculous to me, but we'll see.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:14:06
Nice. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:52:40
Haha yeah. But that's the weird thing, tx mal doesn't allow anyone to steal your shit. 
By analogy, it's like buying something online, paying, receiving a package a week later, then claiming you never received it, and getting the package again. A normal company requires the user to sign a form upon receiving the package from the postman.
But either way, Mt. Gox's supposed tx mal problems would mean they sent 0.5 billion dollars to users without verifying if they deserved it and never noticed this.
Let's not forget, in 2013 Mt. Gox profits were something like 2 million dollars. To not notice in 2014 that 250 times your annual profit of last year was missing, man it's just laughable isn't it? 
@_date: 2014-06-17 16:00:28
That's still about $2k in revenues daily or $60k revenues monthly. If you figure 80% of that is hardware/electricity, that's a pretty decent setup to start with and a very very nice income for any individual who doesn't really have to 'work' a 9 to 5, and they're planning on tenfolding it. Not bad.
@_date: 2014-10-09 02:20:39
This was a great talk, I hope regulators worldwide take some time to watch a video like this, for some basic insights going into their own foray into regulating (or lack thereof).
That having been said, if this was any other thing that I didn't happen to have spent many months researching and understanding, I'd have thought the questions asked and the people asking them were really, really gullible. I mean, the questions were sort of comprehensive, but extremely shallow, no real follow-ups, and nobody had any data or quotes or examples or real understanding to question, combat or debate Andreas' words, with one guy saying "I still don't know what it is and we're in our 11th meeting'. 
Again, not saying I disagree with Andreas, I agree with him on most points almost to a full extent, but the 'questioning' was really shallow. That's okay if you just want to get 'a sense of the ecosystem, a perspective'. But arguably these hearings have the mandate to be extremely pervasive, so I'd have expected more prudence, more probing. I think what I'm saying here is, I'd be pretty sad to see regulators fall so short, as if they'd invited a climate scientist denier, we'd want to see them get crushed by regulators who understand, arrive with data, with quotes, examples etc. I think we're lucky in this case. As a hearing, this was pretty pathetic (again, imagine any other topic being discussed so gently), as a bitcoin talk for laymen, this was pretty cool.
Pretty delightful talk in any case. 
@_date: 2014-08-02 17:35:00
What debitcard allows you to pat at AH?
@_date: 2014-09-29 21:25:48
No no no. Think it through, it's stupid. They do not make money on a spread, this has been explained a hundred times now (and clearly denied by them) as it makes no business sense.
edit, here's why: 
@_date: 2014-07-01 19:34:39
Here's an interesting thought. Brian Armstrong, CEO of Coinbase, said in a talk that among a few ideas he'd pursue if he didn't run Coinbase, was to look into actually buying a bank to serve the bitcoin ecosystem. He said a small bank could go for $30-50m, which is about what Coinbase or Bitpay received in funding and about 25% of their valuation.
Without that, it won't happen anytime soon. No bank is interested in doing this at the moment, not even Fidor AG. Mostly because of what is called headline risk, which is likely why Apple banned bitcoin apps for months. It's this idea that they don't want their brand to be associated in a newspaper headline with some bitcoin scandal. That's important in a world in which most people think Mt. Gox &amp; Silk Road is bitcoin and Mark Karpeles is the CEO. In such a world, you don't want headline risk.
But I usually get same-day deposits with Kraken, so wiring money, for free, to buy bitcoin the same day, at Kraken, is something I'm quite content with. And I expect Circle to do instant purchases for free for anyone in the US within 6 months.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:15:00


Not at all. It's been made clear many times by all payment processors, most companies convert **all** bitcoins to dollars. A few companies keep a few bitcoins. And extremely few companies keep all bitcoins.
Given the CEO of Euro Pacific called bitcoin a tulip mania, it's not very hard to guess in which category he falls. Without any other information we should assume he converts all bitcoins to dollars.


Bitpay is a payment processor, they're not an investment fund. If they take $100 in bitcoin, they have to pay the merchant $100 the same day. They can't magically create this money out of nowhere, so they must sell these bitcoins to pay the merchant.
You're absolutely fooling yourself by thinking like this. Fact is, anyone who buys gold with bitcoin is choosing gold as a store of value over bitcoin. That's a fact. There are *perhaps* a few rare exceptions, but that's mostly the truth.
So while I think merchant adoption is excellent and necessary to move forward in general, this particular addition is not one I'm terribly excited about. For me it's akin to people choosing to sell their bitcoin through Bitpay to buy litecoin. If that excites you, that's fine, this is just my humble opinion.
Thanks for the downvotes in any case everyone ;)
@_date: 2014-05-15 08:13:24
Or facebook, or google, or all of them :p 
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:13:28




That's one entire commit in a period of about 3 weeks, a grammatical change in a returned error message.
That sort of stuff is great, by the way. We need lots of stuff like that to happen, and I'm not saying Todd does nothing (I have no clue about his workload honestly). But I'm posting it to illustrate you can't point at a commit and say 'look, lots of work!'.
It really depends on workflow. Sometimes I write pages of code locally for days, then refactor it for days and forget to commit, and then do a single commit just because I'm visiting the parents for the weekend and want to push some code to github so I can clone it at my parents and work a bit from there. That's really poor git behavior by the way :P Just saying that commit might be very meaningful in terms of work-load, while 50 commits improving language on error messages might be much less meaningful.
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:34:50
Not sure my gf would appreciate...
@_date: 2014-06-27 19:32:35
Sure it's possible, my great grandfather memorized the quran by the age of 11. But I didn't think anyone would want to this day and age :p
@_date: 2014-12-14 14:24:26
Thanks bud!
@_date: 2014-08-04 14:58:24






Once you are connected to the network, you will begin to receive lists of IP addresses and ports of known clients.
The DNS stuff is something that's being looked into to make it a bit more robust and less reliant. But that's a post from 2012, not sure what the advances are on that but I think not too much has changed.
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:37:45
You can say the same about the freaking internet. A seedbox is no inherent tool for piracy at all, nor is torrent technology. For example, the bitcoin blockchain is available in torrent form so you can download a big chunk that way and the rest through your node.
@_date: 2014-06-19 16:48:47
Mmm? The place I was referring to in that post? (Amsterdam) the Netherlands. But Scandinavia is surely no stranger to proper services, either, it always ranks well across the board.
@_date: 2014-06-23 09:02:13
Please note that opening up a database for collecting email leads is not a launch. At all.
In the same way that pre-ordering something on kickstarter is, indeed, not a launch, even though it actually involves time and money from the user and Circle just jotted down your email address.
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:56:09
I'm not saying it's a legitimate concern, but there's obvious security advantages to the bitcoin protocol (e.g. multi-signature cold storage) over say, storing information to hundreds of millions of creditcards on file like Target or Amazon or Apple. So while security is ALWAYS a concern, I think a company like Circle with their security practices combined with free insurance for all accounts is feasible for 'spending money', and things like long-term savings can be put in cold-storage solutions which, if a user doesn't understand them, can go to companies like Circle who will likely roll out a long-term cold storage product at some point.
The point was more that journalists can use these things for years as a quick soundbite. 'Bitcoin is insecure, because one of its biggest investors got hacked, cause its biggest exchange got hacked' etc. And when I say 'it's bs', I mean not that it didn't happen, but that Mt. Gox wasn't exactly a security paradise, and that proper cold storage by Roger Ver wasn't at risk, and that the blockchain was still extremely secure. But such a soundbite doesn't capture any of that, it just implies to average people 'bitcoin isn't secure', as if people could hack the blockchain.
That's why I think it's bs. But absolutely, security is a huge concern also in the world of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-19 23:03:57
His argument basically revolves around the notion that miners have economies of scale (the bigger you are, the more important you are, the more pressure you can put on suppliers, the lower your marginal CapEx costs are) and thus form a natural monopoly. But he fails to mention that miners are incentivized not to do so, because when they do, that which they mine will quickly fail, thereby rendering their investments worthless.
That's the short version of it. It doesn't get a lot more complex than that.
When you do a presentation infront of a significant audience about a topic, it helps to invite a few experts from said topic to glance over your presentation. Even with a few days of reading about bitcoin last year I could've pointed out the flaw in his thinking which changes everything.
Won't bother replying to some of the other comments he made which are pretty silly but much less critical.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:40:04
I'd just look into Coinbase or Coinmkt. The former doesn't need the licenses Kraken does because Coinbase isn't an exchange, it just sources coins from other exchanges, it's more of an intermediary, a broker, for which they have the right licenses.
If you really want to daytrade a lot, Bitstamp looks pretty solid. At least the CEO makes loads of public appearances at various conferences worldwide, the company is registered in the UK which recently had some positive news from the government side of things.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:27:34
It's impossible to say. But there's one key statistic I find pretty important which is a general metric of user adoption. Blockchain.info, Bitpay, Coinbase and Multibit are some of the biggest services out there and all their numbers converge around the 10% month-over-month growth point.
We also have charts showing a pretty good correlation between price and things like addresses used which is a quantitative explanation of price. Secondly there's an obvious qualitative explanation that rising adoption is followed by a rising price. 
Velocity of money is a key concept here. If you want to trade $100 per day, a 1 cent bitcoin is plenty. If you want to trade $10b a day, it's near impossible to do with a $1 bitcoin because every bitcoin would need to be spent hundreds of of times every day over. So to support say $100b of daily trade, you need a high-priced bitcoin. As such, as adoption grows, the price follows.
With that having been said, we can go back to the 10% m-o-m growth, about 3x growth annually. If the price was purely based on adoption (it's not, there's a lot of speculation involved), we could expect the price to double-triple every year for at least a few years.
Again, adoption is just one of many factors and it's impossible to say. But for me personally I'm expecting at least an $800 bitcoin in December.
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:15:34
I estimate the price at -10% to -5% relative to the exchange price. I expect the exchange price to rally soon knowing that is out of the way. If e.g. SecondMarket happens to take a big chunk and announce they'll sell privately (instead of dumping on an exchange) as part of their ETF (announced for Q4 launching on OTC Markets Group, by the way) I expect the exchange price to rally quite quickly.
@_date: 2014-08-03 18:48:50
lol this. And in fact, it actually charges you 60c then sends you back 52c. The transaction costs less than a dime, comparable to a regular blockchain tx, comparable to Coinbase etc. But whatever, Xapo went from 'cool' to 'evil enemy' in 24 hours and people are looking for a reason.
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:09:55
Agreed, although I do think people like me like to know the exchange rate theyre getting.. and I think in price per 1 bt, so show both.
@_date: 2014-07-14 10:14:59
Well for example, if you want to bruteforce a FB password that'll be quite hard. Even a 2^20 password would be plenty as after trying 5 passwords, you're rate limited and have to enter a captcha, meaning you can only try a few thousand passwords a day, not trillions of them. 2^20 is roughly a million, so that'd be pretty safe, I doubt anyone would enter a million captchas for my facebook. (just an example). 
Of course, if someone hacks the FB servers and steals the database (like what happened with eBay a few weeks ago) then the rate limitation is gone. But that's usually announced so you can change the password, and passwords are usually salted &amp; key stretched, so even weak passwords can be pretty strong for some time.
@_date: 2014-05-17 11:20:30
First, it has nothing to do with Reuters, let's get that out of the way.
Secondly, without even seeing the magazine, I've got to say 'crypto biz magazine' is a horrible name. First, yes, 'biz' is fucking unprofessional stuff my 8 year old kids would call their magazine if they had one. But more importantly, 'crypto'... I mean, really? 
That's got to be the worst name. If you want to run an academic journal you can call it the 'Journal of Cryptographic Currency', that's completely fine. But you don't name a magazine discussing digital currencies 'crypto biz', that's just bad. Stick with digital currencies already. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:20:35
Short answer: even if you magically reduce your power consumption by 99% while getting the same performance from your desktop, you'd still pay more for energy than your desktop will earn in bitcoins.
And as the amount you earn will be something like $1 a year, I hope you reconsider having someone else pay $200 or whatever of electricity costs for that. (both people and environment).
Lastly, not paying for utilities usually has a contractual clause. i.e. you don't pay for 'reasonable use'. If you suddenly spike lots of energy a month, they'll definitely send you a letter to pay.
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:22:56
Hidden fees are fees too buddy.
@_date: 2014-05-08 19:33:39
One ought to be tipped his karma in bits!
@_date: 2014-09-13 15:38:50
Sorry there's no straight answer. It's like asking 'should I go to college or is it not worth the risk?' or 'should I move to another country for a job or is it not worth the risk?'. 
In short, it really depends. 
But if you want a simple answer and my personal opinion: yes, bitcoin is worth the risk to investment **something** in, even if it's just $10 or $100. The reason is that it has the chance to become extremely important and could indeed see a 10x or 100x value increase and with hundreds of millions of dollars of VC investments in companies, mostly in Silicon Valley, it has a pretty good chance at doing so.
If you agree with that (bitcoin having a substantial chance at becoming an extremely important part of our global financial systems, the internet of money) is a big discussion, I could discuss it for a 100 hours. But that's something I personally believe in.
Given that, it'd make sense even to invest $10. Whether you want to extend that to $1k or $1m depends on your risk profile. If you're bill gates, dropping a million on something that has a 10% shot at becoming a billion is an excellent decision obviously. But dropping $10k into something when you only have $12k of savings and you're 50 years old and there's a potential layoff ahead, that's a very bad decision to make.
The quick and fast rule is, if you're young, you can take a bit more risk, you have time to recover from a failed investment. If you're old (little opportunity for future employment, and close to your pension) it's important not to risk your (retirement) savings.
Another rule is never to invest more than you can afford to lose.
An example that I'd be proud of is the following:
If you believe in this thing as I do, and you make say $4k a month as a 38 year old and spend $2750 monthly, then it makes sense to put $1k away in relatively 'safe' investments (say 25% savings account, 25% government bonds/bills, 25% index funds, 25% gold), and then the remainder of $250 into bitcoin. 
If you make $2k, adjust that down accordingly. If you make $10k, you can scale that up.
@_date: 2014-05-13 13:47:07
It's not about risk, it's about the notion that a place which bans bitcoin is likely to have fewer places to spend bitcoin than a place that welcomes bitcoin.
Which brings me back to my earlier point which is that it seems like you're not going to live off bitcoin, you're going to live on fiat, and you may get some of this fiat by converting money you made trading bitcoin.
In other words, as a community member I'm not really interested in following someone whose unable to spend much bitcoin in a place where it's banned, and then watch him convert it to fiat and spend that. I may as well follow any other travel blog. Why not choose a place with more places to spend bitcoin, one that welcomes it? I mean I don't mind if you simply want to travel to SEA, good for you it's beautiful! But as a bitcoin enthusiast I don't really care.
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:42:25
Them and 120k redditors, many of whom put their money where their mouth is. If you can get 120k people to short bitcoin, or even if witcoins shorts bitcoin, he can start talking with a little bit more credibility.
@_date: 2014-07-07 22:10:30
Alright, cool I guess.
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:16:24
oops. m was supposed to be k which translates to 0.78% the sentence after.
@_date: 2014-07-06 18:14:11
THROW YOUR COMPUTER IN MT. DOOM ITS INFECTED!!!
@_date: 2014-04-16 18:57:44
Damn.... any bitcoin millionaires want to air this at coachella, instant hit haha
@_date: 2014-03-14 16:33:15
You pretty much mentioned this yourself. If the bitcoin money supply is 250 billion and every major bitcoin service (exchange, payment processing, atm, POS, wallet etc) has 10 reputable, solid providers with 5+ million users each, a 20 million investment in a company is just not going to swing the market. It's also much less likely that governments call for extremely drastic regulation when bitcoin has many stakeholders and a large impact. Volatility also should drop when better exchange/atm services and increased liquidity allows users to very easily and cheaply obtain bitcoin. A large userbase holding bitcoin means merchants have an incentive to accept bitcoin to gain new customers at significant cost savings. (cutting fees by 1-2% is huge in industries with 3-5% profit margins). At this point, bitcoin prices will be less set by speculation and more set by consumer demand for what essentially are the tokens to an easy, quick and cheap payment solution that would be widely accepted. 
So volatility will definitely dramatically come down to historic levels. BUT, I'm not actually sold on bitcoin ever having extremely little volatility. However, that may not actually matter. Cost savings have actually been calculated where users don't actually hold bitcoin. (e.g. if I want to send money from Europe to the US, I use Fiat, buy bitcoin, send it, then sell it. I've just used bitcoin to transfer money for free, instantly, without any bank making any international transactions and without having to own/hold bitcoin or be exposed to volatility. It's possible more and more transactions will be replaced by a similar construct.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:46:47
Or, if you take every grain of sand on earth, and then turn that grain of sand into its own earth-copy each with as many grains of sand as our earth, there would be more bitcoin addresses than all those grains of sand combined.
I've been meaning to make a website for stuff like this. You input 3 * 10^34 and you get some analogy of how fucking huge that number is.
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:54:03
lol. In all honesty though, the non-bank remittance business isn't too bad on time. Banks will still take a week or more if you don't yell at them. (overnight interest rates for the profit, they'll literally sit on your money for no reason). But WU will generally allow pickup in hours if not minutes, both in the US as well as in places like Kenya. Their speed isn't that bad for non-bank remittance providers. Specifically for remittance, 30-60 minute transaction times is permissible. It's mostly fees that will be the big edge for bitcoin imo. 5 for 50 is frankly ridiculous for the richest economy in the world that's supposedly developed to an extent we wouldn't expect 10% fees to send money in an age where we can store an entire library on tiny cheap chip, half a century after we put people on the moon. It's mind boggling.
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:13:14
Yeah, that'd be pretty cool. It uses bitcoin so adoption increases, price goes up, volatility goes down, credibility goes up, merchant adoption goes up, security improves, ecosystem evolves, image improves etc.
I think Paypal using bitcoin will have lots of positive side-effects for bitcoin use that doesn't use paypal at all. I mean Coinbase's wallet is 1% while blockchain.info is free. ATMs take 5% while an exchange is free. But they're all useful to drive adoption, cater to different segments of the market, build the ecosystem, make bitcoin accessible and omnipresent etc. I think Paypal will just be one of the hubs in the ecosystem, only it's the first time you can easily on-board 150m users quickly and easily.
@_date: 2014-04-21 14:59:14
Exactly, what's mentioned at the end isn't actually an in-depth solution I was hoping for. Gavin's solution is only a band-aid, it's nice to have, but it's far from the security we'd like for something that has the potential to be massively important.
@_date: 2014-12-06 02:23:09
Good to see they're funding the companies in bitcoin. As someone commented on Coindesk, that means the company may be paying employees in bitcoin from the start, buy Mac developer machines for their employees on Newegg with bitcoin, negotiate with rental agencies and see who is willing to take bitcoin. (a 10 employee office is easily $100k a year, if a rental agency has to sign up with Bitpay to get the deal, then surely one will!)
BoostVC is getting the ball rolling from the start.
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:40:25


I get the feeling he's almost alluding to putting the money at work somehow (which qiuckly means fractional reserve). I love Kraken and they've always been committed to separating customer funds from company funds, keeping full reserves etc. 
I wonder what he might have in mind with that statement where he puts 'ideas for revenue' in the same sentence as 'obviously people put their money and leave it with us.'
@_date: 2014-12-28 07:39:57
@_date: 2014-03-15 19:34:04
I don't think bitcoin can survive the way it is now. Don't forget, network security (miners' hashrates) only exists because bitcoins have value. Early bitcoin companies only invested because they were bitcoin-funded by early adopters and suddenly bitcoin had value to allow them to invest. Bitcoin ATMs only exist because the % fees are high enough to warrant the investment in ATM technology because bitcoin has value, exact same story for exchanges and payment processors. Bitcoin volatility only goes down because it has increasing value making it harder to manipulate the price.
In short, a LOT of things depend on bitcoin having value. And here's the kicker: bitcoins only have value because of speculators. And speculators only buy bitcoin because of its trend and impending mass adoption.
At the same time, speculation isn't sustainable. We *need* to continue the trend of the percentage of bitcoiners being investers dropping and the percentage of bitcoiners being users increasing. We need adoption to sustain this story.
Yes, there are challenges, but guess what, they are solved *because* of stakeholders. If there is no adoption, no party is interested to fix something that's not used. Because there is adoption, Bitpay stepped in, and they're funding a full-time bitcoin developer on the open-source protocol. Because there is adoption, regulators are stepping in providing clarity, which is important because 99% of banks will not service bitcoin companies right now without clear regulatory guidance.
I can go on and on, but adoption is extremely important. It's the driving force of all investments to improve the protocol (more secure, floating prices, better alternative to long addresses, TOR optional etc) and create services (exchange/atm/payment processing/auditing/insurance/storage/security/wallets etc).
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:35:32
Neither is bill gates, but neither seems to understand it's much like e-mail in that it's not really anonymous, it ensures basic privacy until you do something really bad.
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:03:56
Result, a limited amount of techies already interested in bitcoin will go and download the torrent. No channels will license or air it because it's available on torrent already. I see it, my parents or friends don't. I continue to live in a bitcoin bubble that nobody else understands, getting more excited while the rest doesn't even have a chance to 'get it'.
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:11:39
I hear you, I take about 90% of my payments internationally and pay 2-5% and a few days, or 3% if they happen to use Paypal! 
International payments are a no-brainer for me (especially in certain corridors like remittance where fees average 9-10% for customers who typically reside in the lowest income groups worldwide)
But local payments is something some companies, especially in OECD countries, seem sort of content with. (e.g. you described free, but slowish). The imperative for digital currency isn't as pressing here. I guess it just takes one company to utilize bitcoin to fit in quick payments into a just-in-time logistics model, or as a way of managing tight cash flows and turn it into a minor competitive advantage for the rest of the industry to want to follow suit. But I'm not yet as convinced bitcoin can as easily disrupt local bsuiness-to-business payments or in-store like it can disrupt international payments and e-commerce payments.
Thanks again for your thoughts :)
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:39:44
I come from a family of lawyers and I know full well the power the law holds and it goes far beyond explicit statements. There's a shitton of legislation that covers cases in which for example, absolutely no contract was ever signed, but merely from the description of the two parties, as compared to other precedents, creates the equivalent of a contractual agreement.
For example, if you put up an ad asking someone to paint your house and I come by and say, I'll paint your house and you say sure, and then when I expect payment you say 'I never said I'd pay you for it', most judges will require you to pay in the amount of a typical painter in the area/city/state, and unless the two parties settle on the price, they'll get an independent party (e.g. regional painters association) to set a fair price for you to pay me, and the costs of this entire process falls on you. The judge will usually say something like, the responsibility falls upon you to make it clear to the painter beforehand that this is an unpaid job, because not mentioning this is not acting in good faith which you're supposed to do. As such, by law the responsibility falls upon you. 
So there's plenty of legislation that covers the informal and formal, the explicit and implicit, that which is explicitly contractually agreed and that which is implicitly agreed.
For example, when Mt. Gox has this confirmation button saying 'do you want to buy x btc for y usd' and you click yes, that's considered a contract. If Mt. Gox holds the bitcoins for you, that's considered a custodian role. 
You'll quickly find the entire world would fall apart if the law only upheld extremely explicit signed contracts.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:25:18
To be frank, I'd say 'account' gives a bigger sense of security to a mainstream user, like my parents, than a 'wallet'.
So obviously, I don't think that we're trying to shape terminology here to educate people about risks. The typical user has no education, understanding or awareness of the notion of financial autonomy being 'more secure'. The typical user grows up in a world in which a bank keeps their money secure. 
Ask anyone, how many times were their wallets stolen (from)? An average person age 30 will probably say 2-5 times. Then ask the same for a bank account that wasn't refunded? The answer is probably 0 or 1 times.
So what sounds more secure, a wallet or an account? If you're scared of a Coinbase clone stealing money because they called themselves a wallet, man... if they called themselves a bitcoin account, it'd be exactly the same, in fact some people might even trust them more as a wallet is stolen from a lot more often than a bank account for the average person.
So with that out of the way... semantics... Can we call a hosted wallet a wallet? Well, for me, it if walks like a duck etc, it's a duck. So let's look at Coinbase. Is it built to perform exactly like e.g. a bitcoin wallet on your phone or PC where you happen to store the keys on your harddrive instead of theirs? YES. It performs as a wallet. So it's not unreasonable to call it a wallet.
After all, no bitcoin wallet is actually a wallet. It's just a keychain. Your bitcoins are in the ledger, you just happen to have a file that's a keychain to access them. Still you call it a wallet. But something that performs exactly the same, only you have a keychain that's a Coinbase password, it still performs the same. You can receive, store and send money that's in the blockchain. Yet now we don't call it a wallet?
I think it's quite clear. 
* Saying it's an 'account' does NOT protect users. 
* Technically NOTHING is a wallet, they're keychains.
* Yet we call them wallets because they perform like them and it's a familiar word to use. And this criteria applies to both wallets where you store the keys on your PC and wallets where you store the keys somewhere else, no difference.
So let's put this shit to rest. If we want to educate users, let's educate them about what custodial relationships mean for your financial autonomy, what it means to hold the keys yourself, what the difference is between a regular or hosted wallet. But let's not say one thing is a wallet (when it's isn't technically), yet another thing is not a wallet (when it performs exactly the same as the thing you do call a wallet). It's silly.
@_date: 2014-06-22 23:13:18
It's just so convoluted. I learn much easier when I can just watch a video or read a book, not flip virtual pages on my screen in 3d. 
Stuff like this, if executed well, are great with an oculus rift. But until then, I'd prefer to just have a regular guide.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:28:30
Don't think he embedded a virus, but he attached a message to a bitcoin transaction and the message was a hex of a virus which doesn't really do anything, but will alert virus scanners. That's what I understood at least.
@_date: 2014-06-07 11:05:35
And this is why someone Erik Voorhees got fined by the SEC for selling shares just like that.
If Klyemax had registered with the SEC with a name and address and financial reports, and only accredited investors could invest, he'd have gotten 0 money, and any money he would've gotten would've been much more restricted in use, and taking company money to a gambling site would constitute a criminal offense and the investors would have restitution.
That's the idea at least. Does it really work perfectly like that? Absolutely not, far from it. But there is some merit in the idea that there is some central party where a company raising funds must register and provide financial records and identity, so that professional investors can look at these records, make an informed decision, and then hold the company accountable in the case of misconduct.
If a software-based system would arise that would make the SEC redundant, I think that's great. But until then, I'm not of the opinion it's a free market and therefore any idiot should be able to invest in any anonymous idiot in what is essentially an awful Darwinian phenomenon where the stupid people lose all their money. And that affects everyone else, too. If someone loses all their money and becomes poor, perhaps homeless, with no recourse, no ability to self-invest anymore or get ahead then not only is that in and of itself a huge shame, but it's also wasted potential and a burden on society. Dumb people losing money to scammers is not something we should be okay with just because it's 'their money', in the same way that a person can't drive a car without training even if it's 'their car' and 'their life on the line'. It affects all of us.
So, yes, a bit unrelated, but I think stories like this is why it's important to talk about the SEC seriously, even if you disagree with its position, that's fine, as long as it isn't a priori swept off the table. One need only look at some of the bitcoin reactions after Erik got a relatively tiny $50k fine for what turned out to be an honest deal, and you can see how poorly people think of not just the SEC, but the ideal of the SEC itself. I'm not necessarily in favor of such regulation, but I'm open to discussing why the SEC is there and why it does or doesn't work. I think this particular example is a decent case study to apply those thoughts to.
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:25:23
yeaaaaaaaaaa buddy
@_date: 2014-05-19 17:15:32
In Europe bitcoins are currently near useless. There's a handful of places to spend bitcoin. Which is a similar story for the dollar.
So the US for example, one country, has about 30 million firms dealing with dollars. But the worldwide total in 200 countries, there are only about 0.07 million companies accepting bitcoin online and only 0.004 million companies accepting bitcoin in a physical place like a store.
In other words, in terms of pure utility or usefulness, virtually everyone would prefer €1000 to 3 bitcoins because the former is so much more useful than the latter.
That's not to say it won't change. I have all my disposable savings in bitcoin and I believe in its future. But right now, just ask yourself if a typical person would rather live on $3000 or the bitcoin equivalent for the next month. The answer is clear. And that says a lot about how useful a currency is right now.
But again, that will change, hence my example of how consuming digital content (movies, music, books, news) was absolute shit in the 90s, but now digital content has become the first choice for most people and it's only growing. The same will happen for digital currency, but it's still early days.
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:11:27
For me, please just work on the protocol. Things like network optimization, blockchain pruning, floating fees, documentation and alternative bitcoin implementations would all be amazing, thank you.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:45:59
That's a ton of money right there. Classy move
@_date: 2014-07-07 09:59:01
But the customer doesn't pay. It's a merchant fee, and only for conversion to dollars, and only for sales beyond $1m.
So if the price is $100 and a bitcoin is worth $50 at the exchange rate average for the US for example, then that's 2 bitcoins. The user is supposed to pay 2 bitcoins, period.
If the merchant then wants to convert the 2 bitcoin in dollars, then he pays a 1% fee to Coinbase, but only if he has sold more than $1m in bitcoin.
In other words, the quoted price to the user has nothing to do with that fee.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:19:17
Yes, there is inflationary supply due to mining, but the expectation of bitcoiners is generally that the demand will grow faster than supply and therefore increase the value of bitcoin over the coming four years.
For references:
In 2011, 50% more bitcoins came into existance than existed the year before. This year it's 11.11%, next year 10%. In 15 years from now, 99% of all bitcoins ever will be mined and inflation will be very low (&lt;1%) and a few years later extremely low (&lt; 0.1%) on an annual basis.
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:54:52
Because they already accepted bitcoin and reversed it because of legal issues in China.
I doubt we'll see bitcoin happening in China anytime soon. At the end of the day, China's economy relies on shifting towards an internal market, attracting FDI, keeping all the riches in the country and not letting corrupt officials ship billions out of the country as their children study in the west and create the braindrain and financial drain every emerging economy struggles with. Look at the issues in Hong Kong right now, mostly due to capital issues. (I'll explain if you want). Capital controls are hugely important to the success of the country at this point, and bitcoin beautifully circumvents it. It'll still have an impact but it'll be an underground thing, not something mainstream companies will be involved with, especially not large ones like Alibaba.
@_date: 2014-12-13 14:19:20
Fair enough, but I've got two things to say about your post. First, of course there'll be a bunch of merchants that are the exception to the rule. Your business for example is likely an exception (Bitpay era goes back to 2011, if you were a business accepting and fully holding bitcoin since then, you're a rare breed!).
The second thing is that my post is 100% focused on not charging for non-existent costs. That's all. If your business doesn't do that, great. If it does, it's illegal and not doing right by your customers. And if we look at the numbers we clearly see tons of merchants who get this bit wrong.  I didn't mean to say I was disappointed in merchants in general, bitcoin-participating merchants are awesome in my book. I was disappointed specifically on this one point that my entire post is about, perhaps I didn't make this clear.
And whether you've accepted bitcoin since day 1, or 1 day ago, whether you convert it to fiat or keep it in bitcoin, it doesn't change the core principle that businesses should not be charging fees for non-existent costs. I'd rather see you opine on this point with an argument, rather than say 'we shouldn't have to do basic common sense stuff because our business takes risks'.
To reiterate, if you sell a really awesome $5 chocolate-chip cookie and at the counter you say 'it's $5.50 for packaging', that's fine. But if the customer then says 'No worries, I'll just take it in hand' and you sell it without packaging, you cannot, may not, charge $5.50. Because you're now charging the customer an explicit fee for a non-service, non-product, and to cover a non-existent packaging cost.
Similarly if I go to the counter and I ask to pay in CC and you add 3% CC fees that VISA asks, that's fine. But if I then pay in bitcoin where I pay the transaction fees, and Bitpay processes it to dollars in your bank account for free, you can't charge that extra 3%. And if that was already included in the price, you should remove it (discount of 3%).
This is simply moral, and in many places the law (see the Ticketmaster case I showed earlier, where TM was sued for charging fees for non-existent costs.)
Now not every single company uses Bitpay. But at least half of them do and the other half should consider it. Even if you don't use Bitpay, usually your fees are still 1-3% lower using Coinbase or whatever, too. Point is, ALMOST every single merchant company is reducing their payment processing fees using bitcoin, so ALMOST every company should reduce their prices by the same amount. But very few companies actually structurally reduce prices.
And that has nothing to do with whether the business takes risks or not. That's a wholly separate question. Just because you take a personal business risk, does not give you permission to charge fees for costs that you don't have. If you want more profit, increase your prices. 
And lastly, my entire point is this: a bitcoin sale with discounted fees (they'd otherwise charge, but pay to Visa right away) is JUST as profitable as a non-discounted creditcard-processed sale. That's fair. It doesn't cut into existing profits, it creates a consumer benefit, and it's a competitive advantage versus companies that don't take bitcoin, driving extra sales away from these companies. That's a fair ecosystem and a competitive ecosystem and a just-as-profitable ecosystem. That's why it's important, because it does right by customers AND businesses all the same. I can't give slack to companies that reduce their fees but extort customers the same, choose not to be competitive, do not create a customer benefit and are 'business as usual', no different from system we had before. Feel free to do it, I'm just humbly saying I'm personally disappointed businesses choose to.
As for my own business, it's a B2B company (mostly software development for clients). I've absolutely mentioned I take pay in bitcoin with a 3% discount to my clients, although it's a really big deal for these companies to set up something like this. (relatively small multinationals). I'll let you know if any of them ever take the chance :)
@_date: 2014-05-01 08:32:32
It's really hard to say. Coinbase has 1.2m wallets for example. Now of course, those aren't all from unique users, but because you need to link your bank to Coinbase to buy bitcoin and verify your account, and because you need to pay 1% to move bitcoin in and out, and because there's no real use currently for multiple Coinbase accounts (unlike say, multiple email addresses) it's quite likely that those numbers aren't very far off from the real number of unique users.
Blockchain.info has over 1.5m wallets. I think there are more multiple-accounts here, but there are plenty of people who simply make one account only. (my family for example). I think the average person might make two wallets or so. Still a close to a million figure.
Then there's a few popular wallets for your computer, MultiBit has 1.5m downloads for example. Again, not all users, but probably a good chunk of them are, and that's just one wallet. Add Armory, Ethereum etc, as well as all the mobile wallet apps for Android. Add to that all these people who've only got bitcoin at an exchange (e.g. Mt. Gox announced 1m accounts half a year ago, and Bitstamp and BTC-E both do more volume than they did back then) and users in Latin-America/Asia that probably use wallets I've never heard of before and you get quite a large number, easily 10m-15m wallets.
If you remove for overlapping and unused wallets, a 3m userbase makes sense. Of course many of those have only used bitcoin to pay for something once or twice, or perhaps never, but they have a wallet and own bitcoin and have made a few transactions. So it's easy to overstate the impact of 3-5m people, it's pretty small still, it can't be compared to e.g. a smartphone user that's using the phone every day for two hours. But, don't forget, Coinbase and Bitpay's numbers show they process about $3m or so transactions per day, or close to a billion dollars a year. That's not nothing.
@_date: 2014-05-18 18:54:38
Nothing. There is no negative impact.
If paypal integrates it and charges $50 per transaction, who cares? Nobody will use it, no impact, no negative impact. If they charge $1 per tx, now that's progress because right now I'm paying fucking $30 to receive $1000 (I use Paypal for my business.) Who cares if the actual tx only cost them 10 cents. If my fees go down, that's positive, if they don't go down, then I won't use it and it won't have an impact.
The only thing that might happen is that the bitcoin network isn't ready to scale up massively. But to be honest, I think this will just accelerate the improvement of the network.
@_date: 2014-10-12 12:59:55
This. The irony is that getting a non-chargebackable unsecure payment system to work you need to pretty much solve chargeback and security fraud in the old systems you're interfacing with as on/off ramps in the early days. That usually involves a combination of fraud detection algorithms and a whole lot of annoying identification methods left and right. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:29:54
Yes, but why? All you need to do is publish a poem anywhere outside the blockchain, then you can hash this poem and put this into the blockchain forever. Your hash proves the correct state of the poem, as such if anyone tampers with it over time, the hash will not be the same as the one in the blockchain and it'd immediately be found out. Publishing, storage etc, these are things that are fine outside the blockchain with massive redundancy possible, and are available in distributed ways too. No need for a blockchain.
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:38:39
Glad to hear :) Let us know when you're ready!
@_date: 2014-05-17 22:03:24
His comments are basically not about Coinbase itself, but rather companies like Coinbase that centralize keys. (e.g. almost every exchange, companies like Circle, lots of user-friendly wallets)
He mentions a number of things as to why
* US banning bitcoin and seizing Coinbase funds. I think this one is in the realm of 'not-gonna-happen'. Or perhaps more accurately 'if it happens, bitcoin is doomed anyway'.
I think people don't understand what a ban in the US would do. First of all, all 'public bitcoin activity' is out on day 1. That means banks won't service you, no ATMs, no deposits at exchanges, no payment processors like Bitpay or Coinbase. It means merchants will walk away and it means all VC investments leave.
It also means bitcoin drops to a near worthless price within hours. Miners stop mining, the network security breaks down and it becomes easy to do 51% attacks on the network. Trust is completely lost. Price volatility skyrockets. Most exchanges are effectively rendered unusable and shut down (example in China). You can trade on localbitcoins.com, but you never know if you're trading with an FBI agent.
There is no reputation or trust anymore. Bitcoin can still be used, but there's no point anymore. Because it's illegal, it's now risky, expensive, there is lots of friction in the system. It's no longer a better currency, and virtually nobody wants it and you can't find anywhere to spend it. Even on places like Silk Road, you don't know if you're buying from an FBI agent when you give them your address to have illicit goods, or hell, even completely licit goods (purchased with illegal bitcoins) sent to you.
In other words, this idea that bitcoin is made illegal in the US or bitcoin companies start to get shut down because they use bitcoin is not a reason for me to manage my own keys because in such a scenario, I wouldn't even want or care for bitcoin private keys any more than the least accepted unknown shitty altcoin there is.
Apart from that he makes some points about hacking of Coinbase servers, and I think this makes sense to an extent. There is a risk bitcoins are stolen, and if you trust yourself more with the coin than Coinbase's security team, then do it yourself. But many of us are far safer with Coinbase than their windows xp computer, Coinbase is very explicitly a user-friendly service catering to an audience with little or no expertise in cryptography or security. And given how much Coinbase stores in cold storage, I'd frankly not worried. 
Now I don't use Coinbase myself, I can't stand a 1% fee personally, but I don't see reason for most of its users to boycott it.
Let's not forget this person has a vested interest in 'boycotting Coinbase' as he runs a competitor service. That's okay, it doesn't mean he's wrong. But just keep that in mind.
However, it did feel a bit disingenuous when I find that CoinChimp actually has a bitcoin wallet where *they* store your coins in cold storage, not unlike Coinbase. And where they, unlike BTC-E, aren't anonymous, they have an address to mail money to, the founders are known. In other words, not complying with legal responsibilities of being a money transmitter while also managing your bitcoins is something I'd be MUCH more worried about as a user, as this is the type of thing Liberty Reserve tried to do. Transmit money, report nothing, manage people's funds yet not be anonymous or untraceable. That means you're in trouble before long, which means your customers are too. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:15:35
Interesting stuff. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 13:11:02
I wouldn't want to fund a documentary manager. i.e. a person (like you or me) who receives funds, then hires a cameraman etc. I don't think that ends well unless this person is someone well known to do these things and trustworthy.
I'd rather fund an actual documentary maker who wants to make a bitcoin documentary directly. 
So unless you make documentaries already, I wouldn't want to fund it myself. I'd still love to see it happen, but I'd feel there'd be better ways to spend my money.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:37:41
it was all a dream
@_date: 2014-11-20 12:08:03
I've seen a Bitpay employee (Eric Martindale) say 'over $1m per day' as early as March 17th.
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:10:13
By the way guys, cloud mining is a LOSERS game. A NEGATIVE investment. I don't like to use caps much, but I just want to hit this one home. Here's the evidence:
Quick theoretical example, say I have 1 mining rig. It costs $10 and generates $15 in coins. There's no way I'm going to rent it out for $14 because I'd make $4 profit when I could be making $5. I will only rent it out for more than $15. But remember, it only generates $15 of bitcoin, less than what it costs! 
As for an actual practical example, just run the numbers! I have, multiple times. Plug in the current difficulty, plot monthly difficulty growth, then take the current price per GH/S, calculate how much hashpower 1 bitcoin buys you, and how much this will generate given the difficulty rates monthly. My numbers always come out at about 0.4 bitcoin per 1 bitcoin invested. On top you can then resell your hashpower once it stops generating any significant amount of bitcoin, in total you'll have trouble getting above 0.5 bitcoin for every 1 bitcoin invested. 
Now I just ran the numbers over and over. But there are plenty of people on reddit and bitcointalk who've actually bought contracts and earned less than they paid in bitcoin.
Not only is it hurting our dear innovation, it's also a fucking stupid investment. Don't be silly. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 11:46:05
Reach out to the customer support of some chinese exchanges. BTC China is a very professional exchange, but the government has restricted the ability to send them money. Precisely to make it harder what you're doing, they want to prevent capital flight because capital staying in the country means more domestic investments/consumption, and it means the owners of that capital will likely stay so you also prevent brain-drain.
So it won't be easy to send them your money, but if you can you're good to go, it's a reputable exchange. So ask them what your options are, perhaps you can use a third party.
Vault of Satoshi is also a great exchange. 
Please look into the fees and the spread. You're going to deposit money, buy bitcoin, withdraw bitcoin, deposit bitcoin, sell bitcoin, withdraw money. Some of these will cost money (e.g. buying and selling bitcoin, and sometimes deposits/withdrawals too) and there will be a difference between the buy/sell price, too.
@_date: 2014-10-15 23:50:55
Right. Not to get caught up in those hyperbolic terms, but in his own words he's often compared it to the Internet (and he surely knows a lot about that, having founded Netscape which was hugely influential in the early internet days).
So in the 1990s, the internet grew a lot and really took off, onboarding many millions of users and attracting new businesses and spawning new industries. But the 2000s really showed how pervasive the internet would become, it changed every single industry on the planet in some way, often in extremely pervasive ways.
That's how he talks about in bitcoin. He's not saying nothing will happen the next 10 years, and then it suddenly takes off. He's saying bitcoin will become mature into a huge force the next decade or so, and then end up affecting everything.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:28:35
Absolutely. This is true and it will forever be true.
However, not everyone's interested in owning the private keys to *all* their bitcoin *all* the time. And in that case, a third-party must be chosen. Given the options, I think Coinbase is a very safe bet.
Anyone interested, read here:
If you set up a separate Coinbase email acc with 2FA that you never have to bother logging in to, except once a year on a password change for example, together with a 2FA with Coinbase, and put most coins in the long-term vault, given Coinbase's security, I don't think there's any better way to secure bitcoins without owning the private keys.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:57:09
Networks don't need to be specifically built with bitcoin in mind. Apparently, this API did have to be built with cryptocurrencies in mind, of which bitcoin is and likely is going to remain the largest, which incidentally was explicitly mentioned multiple times. So it absolutely has something to do with bitcoin.
I've designed APIs myself and yes, while I've included some things that may never be used, generally I tend to include things that have a fair chance of being important. Bitcoin may or may not fall into that category, but I think it's definitely interesting to see banks already technically prepare for bitcoin, even if they have zero plans to ever use it, merely a year after it was the laughing stock of the financial industry and not taken seriously as a potential licit instrument by any government.
@_date: 2014-05-02 11:51:41
lol, Jobs is known to choose Apple over doing the right thing, time and time and time again. Apple is probably the epitome of building closed-systems, rooting out competition and locking consumers and merchants into their ecosystems where Apple is the only consumer choice. And this is largely because of Jobs.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:43:03
1 in 2 billion last I checked :P
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:04:07
Well no, they take your license not because you breached a contract. They take it because they suspect you're drunk and are a danger to yourself and others, regardless of whether they have the right to subject you to a breathalizer test.
You can prove that you're not drunk by taking the breathalizer. But they're seperate things.
However, in the case they have zero reason to suspect you're drunk in the first place, it may actually be unlawful for them to take your license away. I'm not sure to what extent this is actually a constitutional thing, it could merely be state legislation that differs from state to state. Also it's not uncommon for police to ask things of you that they don't have the right to, pretending they do or being unaware they don't. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 12:22:41
I still don't understand, sorry if it frustrates you. Could you go into detail exactly how it works and if you've got any reason to believe they're doing this, when they've not said that they're making any money at this point?
Because that leads me to assume they're like Coinbase without the 1% fee, and that leaves no revenue, much less any profit.
Coinbase doesn't actually do 'offer making'. They're more of a brokerage/exchange. They don't actually sell their own coin after all. They just present the best offer. So if someone wants to buy 1 bitcoin, they'll match him with someone who wants to sell 1 bitcoin on Coinbase, and step into the middle of that transaction and take 1%.
If there's no match, they'll do the same but source the coin at e.g. Bitstamp's orderbook, and again stand in the middle and take 1%.
But let's be clear, their revenues are that 1%, nothing more, nothing less. Their profits are even less. And Circle has made very explicit, they don't take such a 1% fee, nor do they have their own conversion rate where they make money (like Paypal's horrible fx conversion rate).
Without that, I really don't see where exactly they capture revenues.
Of course, this assumes they act as a brokerage. If they hold coins themselves and act as a market-maker, they can make money, but not through fees but simply by smart trading, which is not something we can fault them I think.
Thanks for your post :)
@_date: 2014-04-23 08:51:33
@_date: 2014-10-03 12:40:18
Eh, if someone said WesternUnion is great because it's cheap (for a second, assuming it is) nobody would complain. Because people have the brains to assume they're talking about using WesternUnion, not buying the company on the stock exchange being cheap.
Now within the community, **B**itcoin stands for the protocol (so Bitcoin is cheap means it's cheap to use) and **b**itcoin, or rather, bitcoin**s** are the coins themselves (so bitcoins are cheap means the coins are cheap to buy).
Really I don't see any significant problem here.
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:00:34
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:27:48
Great question.
As for where he gets his bitcoin: he's chief security officer at a company that states it's 100% bitcoin and doesn't have a bankacount (which is bs, but it's not far from the truth). Andreas is paid in bitcoin. But he probably uses bitstamp.
@_date: 2014-09-08 00:36:28
Part 2
Let me know if you're interested in hearing more. As for your question on whether Truman was simply bloodthirsty, it's hard for me to say exactly why he did it. I don't like to descend in conspiracy or too much blatant speculation. I absolutely wouldn't say it was blood thirst. I just don't believe there was a consideration for the value of Japanese civilian lives, that's all. Look at the internment camps in the US of US-Japanese civilians. The US did various illegal and racist things, denied it for many years. Later some of the bureas were found guilty in the court, and at one point the US formally apologized for the treatment of these people, admitted grave wrongdoing, racism, prejudice, a national mistake never to be repeated, and paid reparations to each and every individual or heir of more than a billion dollars. Why? Because it was convenient, easy, because the civil and human rights of Japanese didn't count enough quite frankly, and these were mostly AMERICAN Japanese civilians, even people second or third generation born in the US. So imagine the consideration of the lives of civilians in Japan, I doubt there was much. That's not blood thirst, it's just inconsiderate. 
As for why? Well it may have helped end the war sooner, although I doubt the US couldn't have signed for peace before summer's end given all the released reports we now have. But more importantly, it was the first time to test a nuclear bomb. It was a way to show US power to the world. It was a way to completely subjugate Japan, which was very fitting considering they had the same result in Europe. A broken Japan and broken Europe whose industries and factories were destroyed, would receive funding from the US, as part of the Marshal plan. This funding would go straight back to the US to buy American products, as American industry thrived as one of the few countries almost completely untouched by the war, with all of its roads, bridges, harbors and factories running at full speed. It generated huge revenues for US companies, and huge debts of Europe and Japan, which bought the US decades of economic and diplomatic power, allowed it to head every major international institution (of which there was a mass birthing post 1945). Essentially the complete destruction of Japan fit completely within the framework of Europe and Japan losing all its colonial, economic and military power throughout and post WWII and the US jumping into the power vacuum and creating economic and diplomatic ties everywhere. It's why the US was THE 20th century imperialist force.
Any of this is perhaps hard to swallow, hard to believe, the land of freedom and justice to do such a thing, if it hadn't been for the fact they've taken actions in extreme self-interest in almost every place on earth the past century, I named just a few in my previous post. Let alone in the US itself, a history started with the atrocities against Native Americans, built on slave labor, let's not forget when the US dropped these bombs civil rights for black US citizens had a long way to go. And none of it is hard to believe considering every superpower ever has been so cruel. From Genghis Khan (whom one US journalist in 1945 actually compared the US with, after the nuclear bombings), to the arab slave trade, to the atrocities of colonial Europeans, not to mention of course the actions by the Japanese and Germans themselves. It's rarely pure blood thirst, but history repeats itself over and over again.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:13:37
It's a bit tricky.
For one, there are many people making companies aware. Amazon has probably received hundreds if not thousands of requests over the past two years. How to organize the referral reward justly? 
Secondly, it becomes spammy very quickly. When you ask a company to use Bitcoin, it's usually best to talk about bitcoin and then casually mention payment processors to help you process coin and offload volatility risk. But a referral program would invite the focus on 'Use bitpay!' rather than 'accept bitcoin', and it can easily come off as spammy and hurt Bitpay's actual image when it does want to engage with the company. If I didn't know about bitcoin, as a business I'd very much look down upon people sending me referral link to Bitpay where I know they profit, and wouldn't much trust the company if it ever reached out to me, feeling it employs an army of spammers.  Perception is key here. With personal referrals this isn't as big a problem, if I refer a friend to bitcoin you don't have this same sense of spamming.
What I'd rather see is for Coinbase to do this: Every month they choose 4 reasonably sized retailers (e.g. retailers half as big as Overstock with 500m of revenue). They then set up a Coinbase wallet. People can send BTC there and 'pledge' to the company. Say the company receives 40 bitcoin. The company is then contacted by a Coinbase professional, explained the situation and told there's people who've pledged $20k in immediate business if they were to accept bitcoin. Coinbase would pledge front-page marketing exposure of their acceptance for 7 days and would get the word out in the cryptocommunity. They'd get $20k immediate business, a big marketing push, all their fees are waived on this revenue and the payment option is seamlessy integrated into their e-commerce software aided by Coinbase engineers. It's very likely you'll get at least 25-50% acceptance rates every month and you can quickly onboard 1-4 large enterprises monthly, as well as create a lot of exposure for Coinbase and Bitpay and all of it is user-driven in that the 'pledging' is the key element here.
Coinbase could then choose to compensate 1-5% of the pledgers' bitcoin as a reward for onboarding the retailer, although it may be an unnecessary expense, but I think it'd be a less spammy and more equitable way of rewarding the user-effort than a referral programme.
@_date: 2014-08-10 14:16:46
We should really post a message of support to him in the thread.
@_date: 2014-06-08 14:04:48
Ah if you insist I'd love that!
I'll PM you my address, I can't imagine the shipping being cheap so here's a few bucks for shipping fees if any, else you can buy 3 mini cupcakes :D
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:54:17
What's a real wallet?
A wallet is nothing more than a collection of private keys, in the world of bitcoin (and some faculty to generate, sign and broadcast transactions, depending on your definition). A blockchain wallet is as much a real wallet as anything else.
To answer your question though, yes... There are close to 4 million bitcoin wallets between Coinbase, Blockchain.info and MultiBit alone. Not sure how many users are behind it.
@_date: 2014-04-10 11:00:07
I like it. Nothing big or fail-safe, but it may just save your butt one day. 
Hope to see this being improved as a concept. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:46:11
Only for a little while. USD volume for today alone is more than 100k. 30k is a lot, but nothing absolutely crazy. The orderbooks of various exchanges alone easily totals 15k which can soak up the price up to 10% or so. Then add all the trade bots and individuals that will dump as soon as the price goes beyond 20-40%, and it'll bounce back and balance out pretty quickly. I doubt you'll see 100% for more than a few hours. But if you'd iteratively buy over a period of say 1-2 weeks, you'd probably push up the price by 10% or so. 
@_date: 2014-11-19 13:16:11
Pretty saddened about that news here, I remember they said over $1m daily at a developer gathering back in March. If we look at their merchant growth a year ago (~10 to 15% month-over-month) and wallet growth at Coinbase/Blockchain.info (similar) I was really hoping they'd have climbed past $2m by now, hell $1.25m or $1.5m would've been nice, and if that looks weird I'd at least hoped they'd say something like '$50m a month'.
Hope we can get some positive metrics from companies soon. We have the blockchain data, the price, we can see raw wallets and reddit users. But we don't have Coinbase daily trading volume, we don't have accurate payment processing volumes, we don't have monthly active wallets, we don't have Bitpesa talking about volume. And we kind of know at least some of them would if the numbers were awesome.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:57:11
True, but as _bc said:


In any case, it's an exponential trendline even if the numbers are lower. That's probably key here.
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:49:58
Absolutely, there are no certainties but you can say that about everything. An irrational thought would be that it's a good idea to nuke China because it's a competitor to the US's hegemony. But I think we can all agree that this event is extremely unlikely and simply won't happen. Similarly, with bitcoin there's some degree to which we can expect rational actions by financial actors and governments. One of these is that countries are much more likely to attack bitcoin with regulation (e.g. China or Iceland) than to invest hundreds of millions or at some point billions of dollars to do a 51% attack, just to see another digital currency less prone to such attacks arise and create the exact same problem. 
These aren't certainties, but they are very likely. Coinometrics has the cost at about 0.75 billion dollars, this video that doesn't factor in many costs has the cost at 0.2 billion dollars. The idea that e.g. China spends that type of money to shut down a currency that currently has near zero application anywhere in China, not even as an investment opportunity after they effectively stopped exchanges, and does less than 1/50.000th of creditcard transactions worldwide, is ridiculous. And if bitcoin ever does become mainstream, go to $5k or 50k a coin and governments take interest and begin to mine themselves for security, the cost of an attack just became massive and would require this one government to effectively outspend all other 200 countries' governments plus all their private mining businesses. 
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:06:44
This is pretty sweet, we've now got a handful of examples of established billion-dollar companies using their power, their wealth, and putting a little bit of it into R&amp;D, development, on top of bitcoin. That is really significant. It's like when suddenly you had companies start to build ontop of and rely on Linux.
This is on top of all the bootstrapped and VC funded bitcoin companies, protocol development and loads of open-source stuff. Very exciting.
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:23:33
Bitcoin Foundation's mission:
Promoting Bitcoin
In the context of public misunderstandings, misinterpretations and misrepresentations, Bitcoin needs to be clearer about its purpose and technology. Allowing the community to speak through a single source will enable Bitcoin to improve its reputation.
Why can a board member who knowingly, objectively misinformed and lied about flaws in Bitcoin that is objectively known to have hurt Bitcoin's reputation in the media and caused another wave of mass volatility (popular Bitcoin critique  for a reason that is objectively known to be due to a conflict of interest where he profits for lying.
In short, he literally stands to gain from lying in order to defame a protocol as a board member of a foundation whose mission is to popularize and promote that very protocol.
And now he has! How the FUCK can he not be voted out? 
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:47:25
lol, in truth some bitcoiners would let grandma die before they hooked her up with paypal, despite this being a joke :p
No need for the downvotes guys. He's got a point, for some it's not possible to drop paypal today. But there's a middle-ground for some of his usecases like starbucks. See my suggestions for example here: 
@_date: 2014-04-20 13:21:47
I kind of second this, but there's been huge governmental debate in things like technology (e.g. US relinquishing internet control, privacy rights in relation to technology, net neutrality, government backing STEM education etc) and these can be extremely relevant.
But yes, generally stay away from this.
@_date: 2014-07-07 18:48:30
Why does one guy sell apples for 10 cents a piece and the other 11 cents across the street when they taste the same?
A 100% completely universal price, exactly 1:1 between everyone selling bitcoin, across the entire globe just doesn't exist.
@_date: 2014-06-08 13:06:31
Awesome! I'm not a big fan of shipping items across the world, but please let her know I love the Snake bracelet. I might buy one at some point for my girlfriend :)
Please accept my payment for 1 snake bracelet in advance! Best of luck with the shop!
@_date: 2014-06-25 15:54:11
Haha these are hilariously bad, I'm glad you're back.
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:37:25


Since what was 'released'? Are you referring to the bitcoin code and whitepaper 5 years ago? There has been plenty of work on the protocol and there've been plenty of very interesting projects built on-top, both businesses, new protocols as well as rigorous experiments (like Ethereum) in all kinds of areas, currencies, ownership, identity, elections, name systems, property, contracts, stocks, file sharing, etc etc. The work that's been done since then has been absolutely massive. Some of it is powering companies with millions of users and tens of million in funding, some of it is merely experimental and very interesting to talk about from a technological point of view.
It's like saying since the internet protocols were first concieved, nothing really happened but iterations and experiments and internet based businesses that actually transformed and disrupted entire industries. Obviously that's worth talking about today, but it was also worth talking about in 1998 five years after the internet went public, even if it hadn't even gotten near disrupting industries as much as it has today.
Meanwhile, the technology subreddit is FULL of stories that have nothing to do with technology other than being business/marketing related news on a technology company (most articles on Apple) and are not at all about technological innovation or disruption (Again, Apple, article speculating they will raise its phone prices by $100. Great technological debate there.) 
Oh, did I mention this? 
Who gives a shit. 
The technology subreddit does.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:09:11
convenience is not a cost... you can provide it and then say you take a profit. So you're saying it's profit. Or you can say, to provide convenience we put an ATM on every corner, meaning the costs are actually rental of ATM space, servicing costs etc. 'Convenience' is not specific enough an answer.
I'd be happy to see a source. I mean, I can speculate on this as well as any other person but nobody seems to ever have read an interview where an ATM owner explained why the fees are what they are.
It's an interesting thing because I don't think we can expect hundreds of millions of people to use bitcoin exchanges. Intermediaries that source from exchanges like ATMs are extremely important. But if fees are anything beyond 1-2%, I think bitcoin already fails for a lot of purposes like competing with credit cards. (that is until banks stop 'fake' zero-fee banking, which has been announced to be reformed quite often recently.) So it's good to know exactly how the fees stack up.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:00:53
No, but if you run a node then you'll connect with different IPs who will send you transactions. So if you run many nodes you can kind of figure out who is broadcasting which transactions. That doesn't mean they made the tx, they just broadcasted them. But these are 'leaks' of information that combined with other data may let you pinpoint identities and such. In that sense bitcoin isn't anonymous, in the same way email can be read by the government. But it's very private for regular use.
@_date: 2014-05-06 18:32:57


Did you even read my post? I didn't say he predicted that it would happen, I said he saw that as a possibility which is in the article which I think is ridiculous. Thinking August 'might' be too early is absolutely laughable, it damn sure is too early for 50m people in 4 months from now that's not even a question. 
But he clearly made up these numbers like $8k and 50m people as a possibility, that's not the interviewer, that's him, putting it in the same sentence as 'august/september' and implying that's a possibility, but that his 'conservative' estimate is $3k. Isn't that a fucking joke? A $3k conservative estimate in a few months. I mean with the price at $500, his most conservative scenario is the price at $1k in June, $2k in July, $3k August hahaha. This guy cracks me up.
I've got $10k riding on bitcoin chilling in cold storage, but I don't need this bs.
@_date: 2014-04-12 21:52:49
By the way, for anyone wondering why international payments sometimes take 1-2 weeks, it's often due to the bank intentionally just sitting on your money. For every week they sit on your money they gain interest on it. Usually if you call them after 3 days about your transaction and harass them, they can get it done very quickly. But if you don't care and never say anything, they'll often happily sit on it for 5-15 days for no reason other than that it makes them a bit of money.
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:17:23
This might've sort of happened actually. Again, it's a deposit rate at the central bank that's now negative. This means banks can't earn money on very safely putting their money with the central bank. As such they need another safe investment, and governments bonds are one of those options. Some say that the ECB made this move in part to incentivize banks to buy government bonds of countries that are still struggling with credit like Greece or Spain.
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:53:43
YEAH! 
I support this (from Europe in spirit!)
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:18:30
Alternative is cpu mining that allows anyone to buy a botnet and destroy bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-21 21:03:44
My dad says X is Y, how to prove it's not.
Ask him 'what is Y, what are the characteristics of Y, what makes Y a Y'.
For example, my dad thinks a Ford is a car. What is a car? What are a car's characteristics? What makes a car a car?
You describe it... four wheels, engine etc. You then look at the ford. Seems to match up. Great.
Now if HE thinks it's a pyramid scheme, then he must describe what a pyramid scheme is, how it works, what makes a pyramid scheme a pyramid scheme, and then find those things in bitcoin. He can't. He has the burden of proof here.
And if he's just saying stuff without actually wanting to back them up or discuss it then just tell him that there are very clever, professional, mainstream, non-shady people in business, politics, computer science, ivy league professors etc who disagree with him, and absolutely no person of any real stature who has come out and called it a ponzi that I know of. Meaning that his unsubstantiated opinion is completely contradicting some very smart people and that his position is not supported by anyone who cared to take a look at it.
If he still wants to hold that opinion knowing that, without discussing it, then let the ignorant live in bliss I'd say. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:38:00
Examples other than a currency on a mobile phone that's actually very expensive to pay with relative to e.g. my Dutch or European banking system? (Just look up MPesa fees). Cause it sounds like bullshit and I've been to Africa many times, have family there, a house. They haven't been pioneers in tech for hundreds of years.
@_date: 2014-09-13 22:43:41
I think wallet is still the best mainstream term we can come up with. I really can't get my parents to install a keychain to manage their money, but if I tell them about a digital wallet, that makes a lot of sense to them.


That discussion is simply not going away with a name change. In fact, I think there's now people who don't question the idea of a 'digital wallet', while they'd 100% ask questions about what this 'keychain' is before trying it.
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:20:11
What? As far as I know the US has about 7-8x China's gold.
@_date: 2014-05-28 13:46:36
Proof of a Bitpay employee saying they process over $1m a day back in MARCH. Am I the only one watching these videos and taking note? This isn't news, people.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:11:28
Very happy to see Mike's engineering efforts to have been compensated for a full year. His work on BitcoinJ and Lighthouse is terrific and I think Lighthouse is a great idea. 
The expectation is that bitcoiners, redditors, miners and companies like Bitpay or Coinbase, will be able to pool money, say up to $30k, and then fund a senior software engineer working on a specific funded goal for 3 months. e.g. implement specific network optimizations for example.
I think that's the way forward. No company or individual is going to foot the entire bill of each of these projects, but as a community we just might, in a way where there is no counterparty or middleman, in a way that we can all directly fund and hire for very specific jobs, together.
A huge applause for Olivier for pioneering this and investing in the future of what he believes in. You have my respect.
@_date: 2014-05-08 11:06:24
It's great to be able to build a business with customers and a revenue stream before being hit with $10m worth of compliance costs. 
The reason you barely see financial startups or see a new bank being built out of a garage was largely because compliance is so difficult. Being able to build a business before all that is great.
Agreed, regulation is inevitable.
@_date: 2014-10-01 11:53:13
Don't be a child. I very, very clearly spoke about advertising on TV, while encouraging a digital ad campaign, as well as advertising without any expenditure through glorified press releases. I've never stated that advertising is useless or a waste of money. In certain contexts it is.
Tell me, have you ever run a marketing campaign? I really wonder. I'd bet a bitcoin that the answer is no.
Do you realize what it costs to run an ad in a prime-time 30-second slot?
The answer is $250k. For a single slot of 30 seconds, once. Yup. Try running that in every state for six weeks with a few ads a day on various channels. Up to $500k for some slots like American Idol. Want to run an ad once a night on 3 different channels for 10 days? That's more than all the VC funding Circle has received.
You're absolutely hilarious in your suggestions. I ignored your specifics and just talked about the economics of TV advertising at this point (They're crap. digital ad spend is cheaper, much more effective, much more efficient, allows much more data tracking, is much more granular, allows much more targetted advertising, allows an immediate clickthrough to the product) rather than your silly idea about running prime-time ads for 6 weeks.
It's especially stupid when you're in a phase where you don't need to spend to grow. Look at Coinbase or blockchain.info who publish their wallets, they get crazy growth rates, they double, even almost triple, every year, in size. Their marketing is a little bit of digital ads, a little bit of affiliate marketing, and a lot of community and press relations. e.g. when blockchain.info got on TV multiple times announcing an acquisition while pitching their product, or when Coinbase gets featured in papers like the wall street journal while pitching their product. 
They grow with low ad spend, organically, by making smart and efficient choices with their money, capturing the low hanging fruit. Not with a stupid TV campaign with the worst timing ever.
But hey, DON'T TRUST MY WORD. Who cares what I say. It's not like I've been in business all my life. Just look at the facts. No company has done a prime time TV campaign, hell I don't even know of a company having done regular TV or even radio. But let's look at the facts. Bitpay and Coinbase have both been valued at around $150m last spring. Circle has no public valuation, but VC Marc van der Chijs put it at $150-200m a few months ago. Obviously there are multiple well-funded companies who have the buying power. 
Then look at the management. Take Circle for example, ran by Jeremy Allaire who built and headed as a CEO ColfdFusion, a billion dollar product used by 75 of the fortune 100. Surely he must know something about marketing? But they don't do prime time TV. Man, they're probably the dumbest people ever right? Just like bruce fenton, the guy I replied to, who was also downvoted probably by you, who thinks TV is a bad idea. (look him up.) Dumbest guy ever, right? Obviously it's the best way to just drop $50m  (twice their funds) on a shitty little campaign for a fortnight and hope to get a return on investment without having a revenue model yet.
You're hilarious. As for the remittance model, people can buy bitcoin, sure, but try cashing out bitcoin in some of the remittance markets, say Africa? Give me 3 African countries with an exchange, there's over 50 of them. Oops. Look I love bitcoin, but dropping tens of millions on a campaign to advertise a remittance product that only works half-way. It's not nearly as simple as you seem to think it is. There are better ways to advertise at this point.
It's great to advertise these things, I fully agree, just not on prime time TV. Maybe next year or in 2016 when we see established companies with decent revenue streams, a proven revenue model and established exchanges in most parts of the world. Thanks for the laugh though.
@_date: 2014-09-12 15:29:14
That just means Bitpay is fronting the risk which they do based on the expectation of appreciating bitcoin prices, but they're not an investor, they're a software as a service company. In the long run, that doesn't work. So creating a derivative market ought to be done by investors, and then a company like BitPay can buy hedging, and then use that as part of its toolset to offer its merchant 0-risk payment processing.
So this is really good news on the long run.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:13:50
Thanks :) Will try to on-board my gf at some point too haha. I guess there's just very little to get excited about right now for someone not interested in making money (through investments).
That's a bit of a problem. Especially cause our money here is quite nice and our payments system is awesome. (I've been making near-instant payments with my phone for years, for free, for example). As she doesn't ever send money out of the country, there's barely any reason for bitcoin for her specifically.
@_date: 2014-04-21 13:56:47
So, brilliant guy gets in to Mesa, fails his highschool, gets his diploma to work as a plumber, then becomes a doctor in PHP, has two fraud convictions by the time he' 21, moves to Israel to set up a server company but bombing messed that up, moves to Japan and ends up bankrupting a company and lose 0.5b dollars worth of other people's money.
This guy is the definition of a trainwreck lol.
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:28:16
Interesting numbers, Bitpay and Coinbase add about 1k merchants weekly according to them, Mollie adds 800 monthly, all of which are now bitcoin-accepting, that's pretty sweet! Would be cool if they'd create a little popup on their merchant dashboard saying if they want to share their 'bitcoin-accepting' fact with third parties who e.g. can put it on a bitcoin map, for increased sales. It'd be pretty lame if there'd be no way of finding out if companies accept bitcoin.
Network effects really need help starting out! It's like having a phone and only 100 people in your city have one, but there's no telephone book. That really sucks! Let's try to get Mollie to share their bitcoin-book!
@_date: 2014-06-14 10:56:02
mehh, can't install on an old jailbroken phone.
@_date: 2014-05-09 09:39:53
sweet, but why? is this common?
@_date: 2014-04-21 12:43:50
Some things are likely, some not. Google doesn't fear Bill Gates raises an army of 1.000 mercenaries to nuke the Google HQ. 
In the same way, it's pretty unlikely someone will drop a few hundred mil trying to shut down bitcoin, even though financially it's possible. Where's the motive? There's not enough liquidity to benefit from a double spend, it'd cost more than you could ever get out. And if you're just malicious, there's a lot more damage you can do with $200m than shut down bitcoin. Remember, bitcoin does 1/50.000th of creditcard transactions, that's a fraction of a percent of a percent of just a fraction of our financial system. (debit, cash, interbanking etc being larger than creditcards). 
It's possible, but I think it's misleading to not add 'and highly unlikely'. He hasn't proven double-spend is profitable (it's not), and he hasn't created a reasonable motive for a purely malicious attack. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:22:34
We can't compare bitcoin being used by a handful of people without any large businesses depending on it, with bitcoin today or bitcoin in a few years.
Let's not forget, Coinbase has a 140m valuation and Bitpay has a $160m valuation and Dish takes bitcoin and has more than $1b in monthly revenues and there've been a few hundred million dollars invested in bitcoin companies and a few billion dollars worth of bitcoin is traded on exchanges annually. 
That's new. An incident where the blockchain can be forged is okay when the ecosystem is small, but a large ecosystem can create a lot of damage very quickly and if that happens, trust can be severely damaged for years and years.
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:49:00
Oh on another note, does anyone know if bitaddress.org is safe? I know it can run offline and I know it's on github, but I don't have the knowledge to verify the github myself. But if it's based on say a very crappy deterministic random number generator, then it's easy for other people to generate the same key, even if we both do it in an offline environment with open-source code.
Has there ever been a community effort to check github at a certain date and confirm it's extremely safe? And for me to be able to go to github and get that exact version? 
That'd be great as I'd love a paper wallet, and I see it being used all over the web (like blockchain.info has a tutorial on it), but I can't verify if its safe. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 17:57:43
I've seen this data before and I wondered, what does 'spending' actually entail? Being transacted just once?
It's pretty common for mining-rewards to get sent around to the miners in the pool who may send it to any type of wallet service they might have or make various internal transactions without actually spending anything. Would any of this count as 'spending'? The data changes might just indicate a different bitcoin culture in terms of how miners store newly mined bitcoins, rather than how fast we spend our bitcoins.
So what is this based on and how does it really work? - edit, thanks by the way! cool stuff.
@_date: 2014-08-05 14:11:17
In what country are you? They don't ship cards to the US/India. Also, they're actually still in pre-order mode, they haven't shipped to everyone yet or even engaged with every interested customer so there's no real promise of a quick timeframe here.
As for 2FA, it's a 6-digit message that's texted to your phone, isn't it? That's what I had with Xapo...
@_date: 2014-12-30 13:58:31
I think you're smart enough to know I said 'spending' in the context of doing business with Josh Garza, who offers investment opportunities in cloud mining. Spending money on such mining contracts in this context is 'investing', and that's a COMPLETELY different story to the type of spending one does when buying groceries in a supermarket which I obviously was not referring to.
And part of the research process is the experience in the store itself. It's not intentional research, but it's part of being an informed customer. If someone on the street offers you pasta sauce, you don't buy it because you have no information to reasonably assume it's tasty, healthy, trustworthy etc. One because you don't know, and two because you have no recourse if something goes wrong, the guy will have disappeared by then.
If a popular store that's been there for 30 years and is busy with satisfied customers is selling pasta sauce, you have information which lets you reasonably expect it's tasty, not going to make you sick etc. One because you see it's a successful shop and product, and two because you have recourse, if you get sick the store is right there, it hasn't vanished over night. And you have some reasonable expectation because hey, it's pasta sauce, that's a known product with known ingredients with a known price level. It's hard to get totally scammed on some pasta sauce, it's a known product. It's not as if you're buying some herb from a mushroom that isn't documented anywhere, that nobody researched, for which you can find online various complaints about hair loss. It's pasta sauce. And finally, there's all kinds of organisations both consumer and government, that test, compare, benchmark etc the quality, safety and price of products. 
But in bitcoin I see tons of people fork over money to (semi) anonymous people online with little recourse. With no reputation. Or in fact, a shit reputation as anyone who looks up Josh Garza online will find a disproportionate amount of complaints. All for a product (cloud mining) that people generally know little or nothing about, which hasn't been proven, documented or researched. 
So that's why you have to do the research. And if you do, you can see that something like cloud mining is horribly priced and has been unprofitable on average. That is, I could literally sell 'mining contracts' at the prices any of the cloud mining companies offer, mine NOTHING, and then pay you out exactly as much as they do. Why? Because it costs X to buy mining power that will generate a fraction of X, you can calculate this yourself. So if you sell some contract for X with the obligation to pay out a fraction of X, it's free money. You don't even have to mine. And it's completely legal, because they're transparent about their pricing. They're literally telling you you can buy mining power that, following most trend lines will generate say $90 in its lifetime, and they price it at $100. They make no further promises. It's not illegal. It's just momentously stupid for anyone to buy it, except a few lucky ones who happen to get some great timing, but overall it's a loser's game.
@_date: 2014-07-26 12:34:08
Just put up a 1-page flyer telling customers he's not an educational centre, but if customers want more info, they can visit xyz. What xyz is depends on the type of customers and location. In most places for casual customers it'd be something like 1) address/time of weekly bitcoin meetup. 2) some easy intro e.g. bitcoin.org or bitcoin.com and 3) some online community like this subreddit.
Some guys are producing these flyers professionally, too, btw.
@_date: 2014-05-15 08:11:20
I don't think it's a good idea. Either do the one or the other. Imagine seeing bitcointip, you then try to find info on it and see it's closed down... people need to be able to know changetip is behind this so they can go to the website and claim their tip and tip others. It's also good for branding in that it's confusing to see 10 different tip platforms, it's better to just stick with one. (e.g. how recognisable is the iphone vs all the android models? I regularly hear people talking about ipads and iphones generally as if theyre saying smart phone and tablets rather than referring to a brand). It's important to create some brand awareness of changetip, this would just delude that value.
At the end of the day, the tip is in bitcoin, the changetip website where you claim your tips, see your tips, read on the faq etc has bitcoin all over it. I think once people look at the tip, it's pretty hard to miss bitcoin is involved. You can make it a bit more clear, but not change THE brand name that is changetip, that's just confusing. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 18:55:44
Steps 3 and 4 have nothing to do with SHA256. It just drops the some bytes from the end and the front.
In step 3 it takes the last 4 bytes. It's a hexadecimal string. Hexadecimal is base 16 (like decimal is base 10, 1 to 10, hexadecimal is 1 to 16). Given 1 bit of information is either 0 or 1 (2 possible values), 2 bits of information is either 00, 11, 01 or 10 (4 different values), and 4 bits is 2^4 = 16 different values. 
So 4 bits represents 1 hexadecimal value. 1 byte is 8 bits. So 4 bytes means 32 bits, or in other words 8 hexadecimal digits, that's why 8 digits are dropped.
Step 4 is that but characters from the beginning are removed. 1 byte it says, which are 8 bits, and as a hexadecimal character is 4 bits, that's 2 characters removed.
btw be careful with brainwallet, it doesn't have a good random number generator. People lost coins. Use bitaddress.org instead.
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:20:35
Agreed, although it'd be so fucking lame if everyone piled up infront of the ATM to immediately cash out a free $100 haha.
The distribution part (where you accept your bitcoins and send them to your wallet) should have a big question 'Are you going to immediately cash out these bitcoins?' and then in big letters 'Please don't, here's why' with a link to more information if they say yes. This page would include things like 'instead of cashing out, consider A B and C', where 'A' would be sending the $100, without transaction fees, instantly, to a charity that can do something very meaningful. Similarly cool things for B and C. So that even if people are completely uninterested to use or hold bitcoin or experiment with it, at least they'd consider making real bitcoin transactions for charity. 
If they'd manage to actually distribute coins in-person and actually talk to people face to face, instead of e.g. airdropping via student mail accounts or something, I think you'd be able to get a far lower rate of people just cashing out free money.
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:20:18
Sorry but, Lawksy's proposal does not just and only cover bitcoin-fiat gateways, it targets EVERYTHING bitcoin. Yes, down to changetip, blockchain.info, the multibit wallet on your computer, and yes, even the creation of bitcoin or an altcoin by running (a fork of) the bitcoin software Satoshi created. All these things are covered, and by law you're required to abide. In fact, even if you operate from a bunker on Mars, you'll still need to abide by these laws if you have customers in New York.
So no, you can't just hide behind 'blockchain-only' applications and think you're safe as long as you don't touch fiat. That's what everyone hoped for and is fighting for, allow regulation of e.g. Coinbase, a bitcoin ETF or institutional bitcoin exchange like ATLAS ATS, but keep your hands off the blockchain stuff. 
And guess what? It's very likely that whatever is proposed by Lawsky is going to serve as some form of a template for the rest of the states in the US and countries around the world. Not 1:1, but likely pretty similar. It's one of those early battles that are extremely crucial to win to set the tone for the next 10 years. It's like net neutrality, imagine we didn't have it from the start, we'd never have gotten it later. But now that we've had it for decades, it's very hard to get rid of net neutrality, and boy they're trying.
Stop being naive. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 13:31:25
Definitely true (a native here).
The crazy thing about the drug market in the Netherlands is that possession and consumption of various soft-drugs (to some extent) is either completely legal or partially illegal but 99.99% condoned.
But the production of soft-drugs is almost entirely illegal. That is, almost every single coffee shop in Amsterdam procures its drugs illegally.
You can imagine the metric shit ton of problems this creates. Some countries police the consumption, hoping to prevent misuse. Some countries police the selling, hoping to prevent misuse. And some like the Netherlands let this completely free, but police the distribution leading to violent drug cartels staying in existence, instead of the emergence of competitive and innovative legal suppliers.
It's just one of the many quirks of the system here. It actually works relatively well (partially due to the average socioeconomic status, too: people are well-educated, there's healthcare for all, lots of progressive support programs for addictions, welfare state where most people aren't desperate for money or for an escape, relatively speaking that is. So behavior towards drugs and dealing with its consequences is done really well actually) But it's far from perfect.


The US is indeed beyond crap when it comes to drugs, but there's one state, city  or municipality that legalized it and promoted it. Tourism being a key driver here. Lots of drug/tourism related businesses springing up. Worked really well, too. Can't recall the place, but I saw a small documentary on it a while back. Cool stuff.
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:57:30
Yes, fair enough! There are some problems with it (i.e. cheap and even fee-less transactions can and do go through eventually), but it is a quick and dirty metric.
However, it's not comprehensive. For example, Coinbase processes a ton of bitcoin payments, probably on the order of 30% of all payments with Bitpay doing another 30%, these two companies are huge, all the big merchants process through them, so the figure might even be higher.
Coinbase also has some of the most amount of users/wallets with 1.3m+ wallets created. But it's important to note that when a Coinbase user pays a Coinbase merchant, there's no bitcoin transaction, it's just an internal thing. Yet, it's powered by bitcoin and the blockchain through batched transactions. So it's possible for Coinbase to do 1 blockchain transaction of a batch of tens of thousands of transactions that day. This is completely ignored looking at on-chain charts. 
The same goes for pretty much all exchanges, virtually all of them with rare exceptions are off-chain. The deposit/withdrawal of course involves a tx, but one can make a million off-chain trades in between the deposit and withdrawal. This, too, doesn't show up.
Of course the tx volume chart has merit and shows trends, but it's far from comprehensive. Indeed though, considering it only measures 'real' (on-chain) blockchain tx and that these are are usually paid for, in a way it's a good 'real' metric., but I wish there'd be more detailed data. In a way I think price reflects all of that, it has the issue of not telling you whether the price constitutes of mostly speculation (store of value) or actual use, but at least everything is pretty much 'priced in', that's why I like it as a metric.
@_date: 2014-07-16 23:20:43
I predicted this a while ago... which doesn't take much brainpower by the way, it's SO obvious. But some people don't think, and others gamble and hope they're not the ones left holding the baby (i.e. buy GHASH, mine for 'free', then sell at the price they bought for and take away 'free' mined coins)
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:39:11
Hehe, dummy email + new btc address for this off-chance, not affected. Although pretty sad, indeed. I wonder how they got it sent from contact Usually google detects when email headers are manipulated.
@_date: 2014-10-25 22:58:28
Open source HTML5 Mobile-First HD wallet.
e.g. AngularJS+Ionic+Phonegap, using redundant APIs (e.g. if Chain.com serves a 404, fall back on blockchain.info).
That could run on virtually any device. iOS, Android, WindowsPhone, hell FirefoxOS, Tizen, Blackberry, your Xbox, Raspberry Pi or TV.
And the cool thing is, most native platforms allow you to embed webviews pretty easily. Meaning people could, if they wanted, integrate the functionality into any of their existing native or web apps. So you could get games or messenger apps to integrate the wallet functionality and give it a matching skin.
Keyword is open source here. We've got some cool APIs, we've got some cool implementations of bitcoin. Would be great to see a whitelabel mobile cross-platform web-based wallet.
@_date: 2014-10-02 18:08:49
Agreed, which could be excused if you speak from a level of authority. But given Amir's fuckups in open sourcing code that contained Mt. Gox keys that immediately led to the theft of a substantial amount of bitcoin. (40k BTC to be exact, now worth $15m).
A bit more humility would be in order.
@_date: 2014-08-23 17:13:53
Sweet! :)
Fun fact, this is how I switched to the Euro. I was about 11 years old, back in December 2001, when the government gave me a set of euro coins. A little less than $10 or so. And when I could use it, I immediately went to shops to try to cash them out, mostly candy. It was pretty awesome.
I can imagine getting bitcoin and being able to buy some drinks that same day, would be nearly as awesome.
All of this is part of an entry-week for new students by the way. It's not like some professor sends people bitcoin and they disperse. They get bitcoin as part of a week long of activities, and get to spend their bitcoin at one of these activities (pub crawl) in the evening at various pubs that accept bitcoin and discount bitcoin purchases during this entry week (and some after). So I imagine at the end of the day everyone will have either spent or traded their bitcoin, which should be a great introduction for 500 computer science students!
@_date: 2014-05-20 16:58:37
Coinbase has stated they do exactly that. In fact, they publicly and explicitly state they're a brokerage service, and have the license for that, and source the coins at other exchanges. They explicitly say they're not an exchange. Besides this however, an insider told me they match about half of their buy/sells internally. So what you call 'feeding competition' is actually their core business model and core approach, and they also do a little bit of exchanging themselves when possible but only recently as they had enough volume to even support that. Yes they do pay a percentage of that 1% but it ain't much as at their volume they only pay 0.1% and it's quite likely they negotiated an even lower price.
So Coinbase really just makes money on its 1%, the bid/ask spread mainly comes from the exchange and they've always claimed to work with exchanges on their pricing. They explicitly said they take the best price at an exchange and then take 1% of their own ontop. 
But yeah we'll see what Circle will do, it's indeed not unreasonable to think they'll be a market-maker. I recall (I think) they already said they use their own bitcoin reserves to allow instant transactions, thus it wouldn't be weird to assume they use their own reserves to be a market-maker, too.
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:50:56
Read out to Coinbase they've done this before with a congressman iirc.
@_date: 2014-07-16 16:32:46
I think this is quite fair. Yes they should pay for a delay (e.g. interest), but no, they should only pay the fair value, in my opinion.
You paid them X amount of value, and they repaid you X amount of value back. That is how money works, it's fungible. It's not like paying in bread which goes bad after months, and then getting back bad bread, that would suck, and so bread isn't fungible. Money is. So you should accept money which represents equal value to the value you initially paid.
Let's not forget, if you had paid $1k in December, would you be willing to accept $500 today? I don't think so.
The point is, after they received the bitcoin, they had to take the risk of a volatile asset. That means if they risk holding it, they profit, but also risk the asset devaluating and losing money. If they remove the risk by selling the asset, they don't profit. However when YOU sold your bitcoin, you had the choice to buy more bitcoin if you wanted to hold bitcoin as an investment opportunity.
But you didn't.
So you didn't take risk by holding bitcoin, yet you want someone else to pay you the full profit they made by taking risk.
Clearly, that's unreasonable.
The whole question of the delays is an entirely different matter that's unrelated. That itself is also unreasonable. And I think legally their ought to be consideration for damages paid (due to a lost opportunity cost) by BFL to you if BFL was a profitable business. 
However at the moment BFL doesn't quite seem to be in a position to be able to do so, as it doesn't even have enough money to simply refund anyone, so given logic, one customer shouldn't be awarded extra damages as it means other customers won't be able to even have their money returned.
In other words, this is I think about the best outcome from a very very shitty situation.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:23:39
So let me get this straight:
You said




So you're personally completely fine with saying 'I don't know for sure, but this is what I think so far', which is a completely normal thing to do.
But when the OP says
"What is going on (I obviously don't know), seems like it might be bots" -  that's somehow a fallacy?
All he said is, does anyone know more, because it seems to be bots. What's so crazy about that?
@_date: 2014-06-01 11:53:02
This is a great starter.
Then, to hit it home, explain why a ledger is actually a form of money. Because a ledger, to many of my friends, isn't by default associated with money. You can explain it like this:
Say there's only two people in the world, you and me. You hire me to paint your house, but I don't immediately need something from you in return. So what we do is I paint your house and you give me 100 $1 bills, tokens, with which I can, at a later time, give them back to you, in exchange for a product or service from you.
As you can see, money is actually a ledger of 'debt'. If you 'pay' me in $10 if I give you say 10 apples, then you actually 'pay' me by giving me a piece of paper which is debit for me, and credit for you. Debit is actually just a recording of debt in a ledger. 
In other words, our current entire system is just a form of debit and credit, made practical through money-tokens, dollars in the US. The dollars are essentially the way to exchange slots in the ledger.
So if you pay me $100 for painting the house, you're giving me 100 slots in the dollar-ledger, of which the dollar bills are proof. I can then exchange those slots in the ledger back to you in exchange for $100 worth of value, by giving you the proof (dollar bills) to these slots.
Now look at bitcoin and just consider that this ledger and its slots are fully digital. The slots in the ledger can be transferred as easily as your voice can be sent across the world in real-time through the internet, as easily as a streaming video or an instant message. 
And these slots are not just quick and border-less, but they're also practically impossible to forge (you can't forge a bitcoin like you can a dollar bill), cheap to transfer, and completely universal, in that instead of having hundreds of token systems (currencies), we can have only one, as if we had a single common language of value (like we have a common language of math and perhaps one day of human language).
And then indeed you can get to the final point and explain why it's decentralized and digital properties are so profound. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:30:05
And most of us probably don't care or give a shit about the protocols bitcoin uses and is built on top off. That's okay. As long as we can pay at more places with bitcoin, because bitcoin is generating cost savings, creating increased incentives for people to adopt bitcoin so they can have easy (online) purchase experiences, it's all good.
I agree, informing people and businesses about bitcoin is important and useful, but not absolutely necessary. (wtf is a spergmark?)
@_date: 2014-06-25 15:53:03
Cool :) So, I just heard Mike said he's pushing for a (late?) July beta just in case you're looking to raise money late in the summer.
Note I wrote the bit on malware before I found out there were printers out there that could print from a USB stick :p
@_date: 2014-04-15 17:03:15


You sure?
I quote him from his bitcointalk post:


And I quote him in this post:


Not saying he doesn't ever in his life want to return to Cyprus. Be he didn't want to return to Cyprus a few weeks ago and today he's still giving reasons for not wanting to return to Cyprus.
The fact that he didn't care to sell his 200k Bentley to provide some liquidity, or the fact that it's pretty shady to raise over $5m and then barely a month later run out of liquidity, isn't strange to you? 
It's not strange he says he's looking for investors, yet never informed current investors (who obviously have an interest in the company) he's looking for investment? 
It's not weird to you he conveniently sold most of his bitcoin right before it appreciated by 100x while trying to start a bitcoin bank? 
Not strange he then bought a Bentley as a side-business, instead of putting that money straight into his company or simply not focusing on multiple businesses? 
Not strange he wants to start a bitcoin bank, but leaves his money at Mt. Gox which conveniently explains the lack of this money? 
Not strange he says his daughter's life is in danger, yet left her in Cyprus where she still is today, while he's not? 
Not strange the police in Cyprus never heard from complaints from Danny about threats to his daughters' life? And are now apparently ignoring him as if there's some conspiracy against him?
Not strange he bought bitcoins for someone, but doesn't have their phone number or email of people that left tens of thousands of dollars with him, can't just set up a wallet for them and figure this out on the phone in 15 minutes, doesn't provide proof of these coins etc?
Not strange he left his own employees unpaid and uninformed as he leaves the country to supposedly try to revive the company, in need of investors but seemingly no employee or investor or anyone else aware there's an investment opportunity?
Not strange he started a bitcoin bank, but didn't seem to service a single customer according to employees. (except 3-4 people, seemingly in a private deal unrelated to N&amp;B) Yet he managed to run out of liquidity in a month after raising millions of dollars. In a country with only 800k people with just a single office? 
Nothing out of the ordinary? I guess we have different perspectives. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:36:17
I wrote about this here to cover this video.
(most upvoted comment.)
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:00:31
This. Stupidity has been clearly proven. Now we're left to wonder if malice is involved, too.
And given the level of stupidity, the strangeness of the ransom story, the lack of any evidence and the fact we've seen this story 100 times before from other crypto-scams where owners walk away with customer funds after blaming an anonymous hacker who stole it, I know what I'd bet on if I had to...
@_date: 2014-06-30 09:56:48
Feel free to show me the numbers. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 15:51:19
Sorry, that's not how law works. If in an elevator I tell you I'll paint your house for $100 tomorrow and you agree, that's a contract. It's not as easily provable in court as a written, signed document overseen by an notary service is, but it's a contract. Contracts can be verbal, they can be digitally confirming something (e.g. checking a TOS box when installing software), or indeed pressing a button confirming purchase of bitcoin.
Have you any background in law or studied it? If not, I'd consider looking into some basics before making assertions about what does or doesn't constitute a contract.
By the way, again, if you put deposits at a bank, you're a creditor. You don't own the deposit, you're owed the deposit. They're very different. Bank deposits are fortunately insured, but without that, your deposits are no more yours than they are the banks' or creditors' in the case of bankruptcy.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:57:39
Close to a million a month and growing, not bad, but far from great. Ah well, as long as it's trending up.
It would be cool if they did a bitcoin discount action together with a payment processor. E.g. set up a wallet at Coinbase today, get some bitcoin and purchase your Overstock products with the Coinbase wallet and get 5% off. (a marketing cost split between Overstock &amp; Coinbase, minus the 3% creditcard fees Overstock would normally have paid plus x% chargeback risk). Wouldn't be a bad deal.
@_date: 2014-12-27 09:02:04
Thanks Tony, but I rather just thank BitPay in general. He's not even CEO guys. He's co-founder and Stephen is heading the show right now. Makes no sense to me then to single him out.
@_date: 2014-12-27 09:05:05
Almost inclined to nag trusted bitcoiner BashCo to order this Xbox to his home, while I pay from Europe, and ship it to me :P It'd be so trivial to do, too, in terms of the payment.
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:45:01
Here you go buddy. Happy to hear your thoughts btw.
@_date: 2014-08-25 01:04:28
Yeah I'm not sure about the exact numbers but that looks right. 
The idea is that with both the limits change over time. With Coinbase, as you get verified, your daily limits go up. With Circle as you use the service more they'll increase the daily limits. 
Given you need to get verified with Coinbase which can take some days, I'd say by the time you're fully verified with them, you probably could've been buying more than $500-1000 instantly with Circle anyway, but that's just a rough assumption.
Wondering about the free part myself, too. They're really committed to this in their communication, like Bitpay are,  and really want to offer digital money like email or skype, free, it's a big point of communication.
They might add some fancy stuff or add some delays, limits or conditions, and then make the paid version instant/insured. Like Skype, you can call free, but call with 6 peeps at the same time or call a landline costs money. Or email is free, but a business address linked to google business apps has a sub.
If you're curious I hypothesized a few ways to monetize their business at the end of this post:
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:20:38
I hear ya
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:00:38
Haha this is actually true, why the downvotes? It's pretty funny if you've ever had a person try to get you into an MLM scam, and I have all my savings in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-11 11:01:38
Don't have the time to find good material, there's a shitton. But whatever you do, try to tell usecases. 
For example, tell a real story of two people remitting money to eachother, their financial hardships and the 9% average fee they pay and contrast this percentage with things like a 9% tax, or things like 9% of income being the difference between a kid going to school or not. This might not be a problem in Malaysia but it's a very real issue in parts of the world where remittance is popular.
You can also tell usecases of merchants paying 2-3% on creditcard payments in an industry where those are the profit margins. e.g. Amazon had 0.4% margins in 2013, it could easily quadruple its profits if it saved 1-2% by having used bitcoin. Those are powerful stories.
So try to use a lot of familiar things. For example if you want to explain pseudonimity, don't use that word. Use privacy, and compare it to email. It's private because you can create an email like 'MalaysianGuy500 and nobody knows it's you, you're private. But if you start sending bomb threats, the authorities can go to your ISP and find out who you are, so it's not fully anonymous. Bitcoin is not very dissimilar to that, it's private but currently not anonymous. People understand email so talk about it.
Stuff like that. :) Once you create a few points that you want to get across, it's pretty easy to make your own slides. For example you can start by quickly explaining why bitcoin is interesting. (basically explain you could never send money digitally without a central party, because the digital money could be 'copied' and double spent. Bitcoin solves this.) Why it's important to not have centralized control. (e.g. contrast it to the internet which is a-political, neutral, open to all, permissionless). What it means do be able to do cheap, global, fast transactions. What it means to have a digital payment system and what it looks like. (e.g. Starbucks' thing where you can walk into a store and magically pay without even taking out your phone or wallet is possible because of it being digital.). What it means to remove chargeback fraud for merchants, and reduce fees by 1-2% in low-margin industries. Stuff like that.
This is a nice article to get some quotes from. Try to cite people like him, he's got a 700m net worth, was the creator of the first popular web browser, ran a number of successful businesses and invested in companies like Facebook and Twitter. There's a lot of these guys giving bitcoin credibility.
@_date: 2014-10-31 19:37:26
I prefer the anniversary to be the moment bitcoin started, when the blockchain was first created, the coinbase transaction.
In the same way we think of our own birthday not the moment our parents had sex, but when we were conceived. Or how a building or company has an anniversary on the day the building's use started, or the day the company was formed, not when it was first architected or designed.
And that seems to be the majority opinion. I remember loads of posts around the 5th year in January, I can't remember any interest for the 5th year this time around last year...
@_date: 2014-05-19 14:38:36
I don't think idea of deflation this is something we can simply waive away, nor do I think it's inherently bad.
I think what a lot of people don't get is that so an extent, in many countries, the central bank is separate from politics. A lot of the supply of money isn't actually decided by a government, it's decided by a central bank. And the bank is run by economists and they tend to set the money-supply as such that there's modest inflation, because *they* favor modest inflation.


A lot of people get it twisted. They think a government wants to pay for a large war, thus it creates money which causes inflation. No, governments tend to do that regardless by borrowing large amounts of money, often from other countries, and the central bank wants to create money to create modest inflation, regardless, because it ostensibly has positive effects on things like unemployment and economic growth. 
There are conflicts of interest and there are ties between the central bank and government, and between foreign policy and the money supply, but they're not as direct as people continuously make them out to be.
Now I have a lot of money riding on bitcoin, but not necessarily for it to replace fiat currency. That's an entirely different discussion and I think it's a lot harder to prove than the fact that bitcoin's public ledger is brilliant and allows many things besides trying to replace fiat currency.
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:07:53
No. He was arrested as he was with another guy who did some bad stuff. He was then pretty much the same day released without charges.
That's what I've heard.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:48:38
Explain to me again why assets must be sold in an instant as opposed to say, over time.
@_date: 2014-04-21 15:29:09
Bit of a biased article. I love bitcoin, but this part:
This does mean, though, that you have to entrust your money to the bank and that they won’t go under, lose your money, etc. While the federal government makes certain guarantees about losing money from a bank, this assumes you follow the requirements and it isn’t some crazy systemic failure (e.g. the bank balance doesn’t go over a certain amount and your government isn’t collapsing).
is a bit myopic. Firstly, people's accounts are insured up to 100k in most countries. And the notion that e.g. the US collapses and you lose your money is less likely than a private key getting lost or a 51% attack happening. Let's be realistic here. 
I'm not sure if bitcoin security vs bank security is one of bitcoin's unique selling points. I'd rather point out for example the fact that more people have access to digital hardware and intermittent internet connections (i.e. bitcoin banking) than actual banking services. In other words, while banks may be more secure, they're unavailable to billions of people in various degrees.
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:30:21
That looks pretty awesome. Team looks solid. Promise is realistic.
Would like to see their contracts with their insurance made public to the extent that is possible, would be reassuring.
Also would like to see some people who've actually used it and vouch for it based on their experience so far.
But most importantly, it's not really what our community needs. It's nice, but it's not what is in high demand. I'll go over why:
There are two things you can do with bitcoin. Either Use/Trade it, or Hold it.
 For those who Hold, they're in it for the investment, they don't need immediate access to the coins. Buy if you invest 50k in bitcoin, you don't want to pay 2%, or 1k per year to hold it. After all, cold storage solutions are actually very easy and cheap IF you only need to 'deal with it' a few times a year. 
For those who want to day-trade or use bitcoin on a daily basis for purchases, this cold storage is just not an option. They want insurance while keeping their ability to access their coin quickly, much like how a bank or creditcard insures funds but allows users to access funds (up to some daily limit) quite easily.
What I was talking about wasn't insurance for cold storage, but insurance for hot wallets. I don't think it's very feasible at the moment. It's too prone to fraud, there are no audits, no consumer security culture etc. So for insurers the only way to offer insurance is to ask insane rates nobody would be interested in paying at the moment. Over time this will probably change if e.g. the owner/custodian of a hot wallet can provide verifiable audits of security practices, solvency, employee vetting, regulatory compliance etc, then insurers could step in with acceptably low rates.
@_date: 2014-07-10 18:52:13
Insider at Coinsummit today: "I believe the Wink ETF is definitely going to happen before the end of the year"
Paraphrasing here. And this guy was far from a big optimist on bitcoin stuff.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:50:04
Yeah that makes a lot of sense. It's already happening on some scale with mining contracts, but generally these are money-losing schemes at the moment and don't actually give any control. Actual ownership through shares in a mining business will be the next step.
@_date: 2014-05-19 01:00:28
Brilliant :D
@_date: 2014-04-16 21:37:53
Man, the production values on this thing are really great. Great shots, a lot of different high-ranking people, suspensful, there's a story, different sides of the story. I'm very impressed.
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:58:36
No, in this context of cex.io we measure GH/S in bitcoin because the price of GH/S on cex.io is in bitcoin, not dollars. So any bitcoin/fiat rate change affects both the cex.io value of GH/S as well as the block reward value in dollars equally (meaning we can ignore it), but in bitcoin there is no difference.
Basically, if I sell you money trees for bitcoins and the trees generate bitcoins, then it doesn't matter whether these bitcoins can be exchanged at whatever rate for whatever else. 
@_date: 2014-09-14 02:37:14
Just consider for a second that SecondMarket and Pantera both have a security which can be bought by any company, any wealth managment fund, investors, hell you could even put it in your pension. It's a regular security offered by one of wall streets biggest players.
Now look at the complete flat line the past 2-3 months for these two funds, SecondMarket sitting at a $100m valuation for a long time now.
That leads me to conclude that, if there really is this latent demand just waiting for the ETF, with a great chance of the price doing a 20x, I repeat a TWENTY x increase within just a few months, we'd expect some of those wall street guys to buy into this through one of their wall street colleagues who are chilling in an office literally 5 minutes away. But we really don't see that happening.
I completely agree that the market is shallow and it's easy to move the price (that goes both ways by the way) and I think the ETF will have a pretty grand effect, but 10k the moment it starts trading, and that's the actual contention here, look within 5 years sure, billions will pour in and $10k is very feasible, I've got $10k happening in 3y actually, that $10k won't happen is not my point. My point is that it won't happen the moment the ETF starts trading due to some instant unleashing of gigantic demand pushing the market cap of bitcoin from $6b to $120b. Not just because of the huge figures for which there is no evidence, but also because realistically, if that huge latent demand was really just sitting there waiting for the ETF, we would've seen more demand now, at the very least through SM/Pantera. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:22:54
Proof or gtfo please. Happy customer so far, here, and happy to consider actual information wherever it leads.
@_date: 2014-05-19 13:44:08
Ugh, 90% comments about the comparison.
When you read 'bigger' just read 'bigger deal' and continue on.
The reason it's being discussed is because they ostensibly co-founded Facebook (which is how they got so rich after a settlement.) Journalists will ask them how their excitement compares to that about Facebook and they answer, and the Gaurdian gets its quote and 90% comments on how these two things technically can't be compared.
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:17:12
What? Exchange volume, Transaction Volume, Adoption Rate, Merchants, Users, Wallets, everything is trending up. Not meh at all.
If you're talking about how some news affects the bitcoin price, sure, but spiking up to $1000 is not really a key focus at the moment. The time will come. I'm glad it'll be more because of actual fundamentals than news of someone dropping $10 million in an industry that barely had a few hundred thousand dollars in funding not long ago. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:54:15
Price is completely unrelated.
CoinBase ads 5 accounts per minute. It just passed 1 million and looks to double in 3-4 months given the current trend. They make money from transactions and from merchants allowing Coinbase users to pay at their companies. For this opportunity they have been venture funded.
They have no real reason to fuck with you.
As for your bank, it's outside the control of the "bitcoin" ecosystem. Talk to your bank, work with them, show them you're just an average joe. Most banks are not there to fuck with you, they just do it because of KYC/AML that gets them into big trouble if they take risks. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:31:50
Kipochi has integrated mpesa by the way.
@_date: 2014-06-23 09:00:22




Vaporware carries for almost everyone the implication that it either doesn't exist or isn't intended to be released. There's simply no evidence to suggest this about Circle at all. I don't get why people are so keen to use this word.
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:38:47
Alright last post from me because you're delusional if you keep bringing up things that aren't true. Circle does not sell derivative products to citizens, plain and simple. It may buy them, and this would be completely legal because the law only prohibits non-professional entities (e.g. citizens who don't trade professionally) from buying these things. Circle is a professional entity. For example, if your company has a license to produce cars in a factory but citizens can't buy such a license, then it's not fucking illegal to buy and drive a car. Circle is NOT selling derivatives, it may use it for its internal operations, that's completely different. In the same way a bank is allowed to buy and sell derivatives, on bitcoin too, if they wanted, while its customers are not involved at all in this transaction.
How will I lose in the court of law? An asset registrar is NOT a derivative of VIRTUAL MONEY. An option, swap, future or forward on bitcoin is a derivative of virtual money. That's what the law is about. Asset registrars have like building a digital cadastre has NOTHING to do with virtual money.
If you want to cite VCs, you're making my point. VCs have a very long-term vision. They talk about bitcoin technology like they talk about the internet 20 years ago. In the first decade things like voice-over-ip or real-time video streaming were extremely difficult challenges that barely anyone could do. Now anyone can do either one for free on hundreds of different places. In other words, while I believe in blockchain technology and see it as a huge area of innovation, that's not something that's going to revolutionize the world in the next 5 years. And VCs actually say this. Andreessen Horowitz has explicitly said they take a 20 year view on this, and he and core developers have said while they're excited about this, it's not something they see happening anytime soon.
In other words, again, as I said, it's very likely the government changes its stance before any of these applications start becoming real.  
That's why it's not a big deal. Again for the last time, it doesn't mean I agree with this decision, but it means I'm not semi-freaking out like I do when there's actually something happening that's an actual big deal.
Again last post, I think we agree on more things than we disagree on and I'm glad for that, but you keep bringing up things that just aren't true so I'm done with the discussion. Thanks for the chat mate
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:41:42
It's not that bad actually. I ran the numbers a while ago, bitcoin has similar velocity/liquidity as gold.
As in, if gold's value is $100 and everyday $1 of gold is traded, and bitcoin is worth $1 and everyday $0.01 is traded, they have the same relative velocity/liquidity. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 14:56:20
It just isn't feasible to spend a few hundred million dollars to attack a coin just so your coin and literally all other coins and currencies now have 1 less competitor. It'd be the worst way to launch a coin ever, and people won't flock to a pre-mined coin (which would allow you to profit) in the first place, look at Ripple. It's pretty awesome but pre-mined like crazy.
As for hardware being useless in a few months, yes once they've mined for months and made a ROI then they're useless, also for a 51% attack. It's really simple, as long as you can do a 51% attack your hashing power isn't useless, and as long as it isn't useless you'd be able to make much more money simply mining legitimately than trying to run an elaborate scam with double-spend attacks.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:19:20
Next time look to your right, a search field. Write Mycelium, press OK.
You'd see they pretty much created a decentralized localbitcoins exchange that obviously needs your location if you use this service.
@_date: 2014-11-24 12:31:21
I'm not sure nodes declining really is an issue. Yes there are fewer than there were, but there are probably still a lot more than we need. It costs about $10-15 to run a node, and contrary to what you said 'it gets more expensive over time', I think it'll actually get a bit cheaper over time or stay the same. (Look at things like Moore's law, Nielsen's law, Kryder's law. They posit roughly 50% annual growth in CPU, Network and Storage. Meaning in 10 years, today's $15 a month node can power 60x as many bitcoins at the same cost. 
I think by the time we see bitcoin become huge, we'll probably have things Maidsafe professionalized and matured to the extent we have things like decentralized storage. And we'll have wallets that have an 'auto-donate' feature which sends 0.1% of your tx amount to such a decentralized storage solution which hosts the blockchain, or to known and proven hosters of nodes. But I don't really think few nodes are a top 5 issue tbh.
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:22:12
And one day I'll forget my phone and I'll have the epiphany of cash haha. I don't think it's a particularly strong argument personally.
Although it is indeed interesting that one could log in on someone else's phone and using a brain wallet, make a payment. That much is true and awesome about bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-12-27 08:36:27
That's a hilarious character
@_date: 2014-07-07 12:12:40
Sure just like for every other exchange (e.g. a corn/oil/gold w/e exchange)
But the fact is, 100 exchanges will always be less vulnerable than having just 1 exchange. That doesn't mean 100 exchanges are perfectly safe and unaffected by anything.
But no there's no doomsday scenario really. The idea is that large exchanges with proper security, like Kraken, aren't easily hacked because most funds are in cold storage. While smaller unprofessional exchanges might be hacked, but because they're so small, it doesn't affect the ecosystem much.
Mt. Gox was an exception I think we all learned from.
@_date: 2014-05-06 15:17:49
No, Paypal and bank apps are allowed to make payments, yet they are allowed. They're not inapp purchases and apple gets nothing from it.
But bitcoin can't. Listen 99/100 people right now want to use a bitcoin wallet to make ecommerce payments or use it to buy a coffee, just like with Paypal or your local bank's app. Almost nobody is really interested in using bitcoin to buy some in-game gold or a new sword in some game app right now. We don't care about inapp purchases so much atm, it's mostly about everything other apps are allowed to do that aren't inapp purchases.
@_date: 2014-04-09 20:41:04
Why it's not a good idea to commit coordinated suicide? I don't even know where to begin... I'm sure friends, family and colleagues would be more interested in having this discussion with you than me if you genuinly ponder the answer to this (to me, absurd) question.
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:58:01
There's literally no fees as a customer. Of course, they do take a profit and do pay for the ideal transaction, which ultimately we pay. But I'm simply speaking from experience that everytime I bought bitcoins at bitonic, it was at or below the bitcoinaverage price and paid nothing beyond this price. That's not always the case, it's above average plenty of times, just speaking from my own individual experiences.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:51:18
This doesn't check if it's a valid key, does it?
@_date: 2014-09-28 13:28:25
Yup. I've seen a few academic papers discuss money as 'memory'. That is, as your link describes, money is just favor vouchers. A way to have a collective memory of who owes who a favor, that extends beyond the boundaries of individual personal relationships. (i.e. if I paint your house and give you 100 dollar tokens, you can redeem an equal value'd favor/service/product not just from me, but from anyone else who uses those token systems, even complete strangers you had no prior relationship with). 
Money is memory; is one of the most elegant descriptions I've come across. Once you get people to understand this, all the nonsense about 'intrinsic value' becomes silly. 
Once you see that money is memory, it becomes obvious that managing this 'memory' on a digital non-proprietary global cryptographically secure ledger is about the best system you can imagine.
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:03:51


You can't prove a negative, meaning you can't disprove god, you can't disprove you're not living in a computer simulation, you can't disprove Satoshi isn't planning something purely evil. So the answer is no, I don't have any evidence to the contrary.
But would it fit his character? No, absolutely not. Numerous of people have conversed with Satoshi, he sent many emails, made many posts, wrote a white paper. In all his material he's laid out why he thinks bitcoin is important, how it ought to be used and why it excites him so much. It's like mother theresa starting a charity and people wondering if she's just trying to subjugate people so she can manipulate them later on. It wouldn't fit the information we have about her. Satoshi's work is not created in isolation, it builds on many different concepts from a few communities such as the cypherpunks whose motivations are pretty clear, and crashing the economy isn't fitting, their methods are openness, freedom of information, peer-to-peer and privacy, not hacking and crashing and burning. His motivations and his positions are actually quite clear, often implied, but quite clear nonetheless. He's not an anonymous nobody who built an entire new system that was never done before. He comes from a very well exposed very articulate audience and happened to create a very elegant implementation of something that's been tried many many times. To say he had 'some motivation, whatever it was', is like saying Mandela had 'some motivation, whatever it was' to end Apartheid. It implies he just built bitcoin for the hell of it, rather for specific reasons (for which he left numerous easter eggs, besides writing about it extensively.
For more of his writing check this: 
There's also various people like Gavin who've talked about the type of person they felt Satoshi was after extensive communication.
@_date: 2014-09-15 23:07:36
You can buy gold with bitcoin at several places, just google it, e.g. at amagi. 
But to your question, no vendors don't have any chargeback problem with bitcoin because charging back is impossible with bitcoin. There's no chargeback-risk related reason for a vendor not to sell gold or anything else.
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:41:42
Yes and most smartphones run on Android (Linux). But that's not what we're talking about here. We're talking about personal computers being the target of bitcoin wallet stealing malware, and frankly, linux is a tiny target in this area.
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:50:46
Impressed? The IRS has no say in this, it's not a tax issue. The Fed can say bitcoin isn't money, but it doesn't matter, it doesn't have any mandate. The authority that speaks on this is FinCen and they've clearly provided regulatory guidance stating bitcoin is money-like and must be treated as such in terms of regulating bitcoin transactions. (in other words, you need a money transmitter license for example. Silk Road didn't have one. It didn't do AML/KYC. It didn't inform any party about its money transmitting).
But it's mostly besides the point because money laundering is just one, and may be the least of all allegations that are completely unrelated to bitcoin. (e.g. drug trafficking and murder for hire on the website. Aiding and abetting a crime is a crime).
@_date: 2014-05-05 14:37:43
HTC One M8, Nexus 5, Galaxy S5 
HTML5 wallets
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:46:27
So there's different kinds of security. Nobody here knows how each company handles security exactly so it's impossible to say.
But more broadly, one can think of online and offline systems. An online system can be hacked. Someone can hack into your computer. They can install malware or keyloggers and send back the stolen data (e.g. bitcoin private keys) to the hacker's server etc.
The alternative is an offline wallet. No hacker can steal from here. He'd have to find out where you live, travel there, break in to your house and search it until he finds the private key. Only, the private key could be stored in a million different ways. You could memorize it. You could hide under the couch, you could if you wanted keep a box with coloured marbles in a certain order and make that your private key. This sounds a bit vague, but you can turn any data into a private key. Numbers, words. Or, colored marbles. (red is 0, green is 1, blue is 2. So you get a private key like 891289087498237492834239479875980237128641928430934508535 and the thief will never know to check the marbles! Not that I suggest such a way, but the point is, an offline private key is a million times harder to steal.
So the best security is offline. Nobody can hack you, and you can put the offline private key in a safety deposit box with a bank after encrypting it with a password. If you keep a multi-sig address, you can even split the private key into for example 3 or 5, and put each key in a different location. No way anyone will ever get your money, unless they find out you've got bitcoins, kidnap you and force you :P
So in general, if you want maximum security, just do that. But there are plenty of companies that I would trust with my checking account. I keep my savings account offline myself. But I keep a few hundred dollars with an online wallet like Coinbase or Xapo or Blockchain.info.
There's a few different considerations to make though. Coinbase has great security measures ( but it's no good if you don't keep your password safe. For example if you have a keylogger on your computer or phone, they can just log in, right? So regardless of whether the companies are secure, you must be, too. And that's usually the hardest part. Generally the first thing you must do is set up 2-factor authentication. That way if someone wants to log in and stole your password, they must first get authenticated by a 2nd factor besides the password. Often this is email or SMS. This way you get an email if someone (like you, or a hacker) logs in to Coinbase. And then you must log in, read the mail, and enter the code you got in the mail. Now the hacker has to gain access to both your email and your Coinbase account. If you use SMS, they'd have to steal your phone and your Coinbase password. As you can see, that's already a little harder to do.
By the way please don't think that when an app is regulated it's automatically secure. The two have nothing to do with each other, in the same way a jewelry store or a car manufacturer is regulated, but it doesn't mean their shop or factory security is good or bad. But FYBSG has 2FA and majority cold storage so that's a great start.
@_date: 2014-06-28 22:07:26
Got the warning too. It's not malicious, it's probably just a wrong SSL certificate from a cert authority that isn't recognized. Just go to filmhuiscavia.nl in any case and press bitcoin on the left.
@_date: 2014-09-11 00:43:59
It'd cost you 2%. So no $35 to send $100, it'd be 'only' $2. If you were to send $1750 though, it'd cost $35.
For comparison, my ING bank in the Netherlands costs $12 + (0.1% but at minimum $8 and at most $67)
So to send $100 it'd cost me $2 with Coinbase, and it'd cost me $20 with my bank.
But, to send $2k it'd cost me $40 with Coinbase, but still only $20 with my bank. 
The transfer time can be arranged within minutes or hours in the case of Coinbase, my ING bank says the average is 5 working days for processing, which translates to 7 days, which can quickly turn into 10 days when there is just 1 day of delay.
On top of this, there's a spread which in the case of ING is about 1.08% today for example.
As for how to send money to Coinbase, it's based on a SEPA transaction and those are generally free in Europe (by law required to cost as much as a national transaction, e.g. one dutch to another dutch account, which is free). So they'll charge the customary 1%. 
So it's pretty sweet for remitting small amounts of money at once (which are the popular remittance amounts of $100-250), but for sending large payments like $10k, Coinbase's 1% in and out isn't a good idea. But if it's a US-Europe transaction, you could use Circle for in or out, and Coinbase for out or in, and it'd remove one of the 1% fees already. And once Circle launches in full, I'm expecting Coinbase to dramatically lower fees too for everyone, else there's no way anyone will be sticking with that over Circle. At that point I don't see anyone realistically using international banking in any country where they're active, if even end-to-end fiat in bank accounts is slower and more expensive using the bank's payment system!
So good stuff, not quite there yet but lots of progress.
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:24:05
Have you thought this through at all?
Apart from it being improbable to the degree of impossibility, bitcoins and anything else is only worth as much as someone is willing to pay. Holding all coins and not selling them means they have no value, once you sell them you set the price. And of course they will sell them, because again, they have no value if you don't. This is also the reason why they wouldn't own all of them in the price place. But sure, if they're willing to buy all bitcoin from even the most stubborn of people and make everyone filthy rich in the process, I'll sell my bitcoin for some ridiculous price.
@_date: 2014-08-08 13:47:23
With all due respect, I can understand why you might have trouble with finding investment. You've essentially proposed creating a bitcoin faucet (i.e. free-money)with a geo-location tag attached. Why would anyone consider investing in this, there's no real clear return on investment.
You could crowdsource it as a community donation type of thing, but a digital distribution mechanism probably isn't as effective for newbie users as a paper-wallet distribution effort would be. 
But beyond the idea in the first place, you really need to prototype a product, you'll need a demo, or at least some sketches, or some anecdote how you successfully implemented this in a lean manner with 3 local businesses as an actual proof of concept. That's the bare, bare minimum, unless you're a proven entrepreneur who's built a huge product before. But even then you need to present beyond just the idea/prototype/demo/proof of concept, also your team, your partnerships, your plans for scaling up, target markets, financials, marketing stuff, analysis of competitors etc.
Don't have to take it from me but, there's been quite a few people who've said the past months that fundraising is really, really easy right now (e.g. Shakil Khan) There's plenty of money available, in fact there've been plenty of people who earmarked money, i.e. made statements like 'we'll invest in 100 bitcoin startups in the next 3 years', this one coming from the Draper family.
@_date: 2014-08-08 10:55:22
The 100k burnrate is something they've posted a few times, mostly on investment websites like angel.co when they were raising for investments. (and burnrates tend to be unfavorable as it means you're unprofitable, so 100k might even have been a low-ball figure not to scare off investments)
The 0.35% fees are on their website. By the way, Bitstamp, the biggest exchange, starts at 0.5% and requires $25k to be traded to get to Kraken's starting fees. Across the board Kraken is also cheaper, on volume, too. Kraken starts at 0.35% and ends at 0.1%, Bitstamp starts at 0.5% and ends at 0.2%
Source: their websites
Source for Kraken being European market leader at 47%
Second best has 19%.
Here's the source for exchange volume:
You can see in the past 4 months (april 8th - august 8th) that Kraken did about 850 bitcoins daily. At a $600 price, that's $63m over 4 months (121 days). Their old fees were about 0.2% at the highest, 0.05% at the lowest.  The mean was 0.125% which would indicate about $78k of revenue. That would give a runrate of about $240k per year of revenue.
Only they've not been around for a year. The first time they posted more than 100 bitcoins in a day of volume was about a month after launching, in December. 
So it's doubtful they even made $200k so far.
Now you can see why $100k burn rates per month make sense. They made about $20k a month in revenue, and pay 10 employees who easily cost $60k a month together. And on top there's servers, office space in San Fran, conferences, marketing, banking partnerships, legal etc.
Hope that helps. Any other sources needed?
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:13:02
I disagree. You can denominate a money supply in any way you want, just change the units. There's no law we can only speak of dollars in dollars You can say the money supply of bitcoin is $6 billion dollar equivalent just fine.
But market cap is explicit financial terminology to refer to the value of outstanding shares of a publicly traded company, nothing more nothing less. You may think of money supply as analogous to market-cap for currencies and speak of it figuratively, that's fine, but it's not correct terminology at all. The closest thing one can think of is money supply.
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:28:26
How come?
We know a few things
* Internet penetration is extremely high in most large economies while latency is quite low. (e.g. 200 ms to send data halfway across the planet and back)
* Computing power and storage are cheap and readily available on large scales, plenty for professional transaction processing at low costs
* A new generation of adults who grew up with the internet and are computer literate enough to use services like Coinbase or Trezor to pay online or for a coffee, a semi-literate older population (who are extremely active too with things like tablets and online payments at Amazon) and a new generation of very young people who don't know any better and will likely make online payments with virtual (in-game) and digital currencies before they'll ever own a creditcard.
* Multiple entrepreneurial computer science hubs worldwide with eager venture capitalists to back it, as well as a time of near ubiquitous conviction that our banking needs to change, and a need for payment systems to evolve and modernize. Square and Stripe are examples of why 1960s creditcards or even Paypal is not enough, there is room for competition, room for something new.
I can go on and on. Most importantly however, I think it's crucial to understand that bitcoin is not necessarily something individuals have to understand or adopt. (like HTTP). For example, Gyft has seemlessly integrated bitcoin, allowing you to use bitcoin to pay at Amazon and get 3% savings, because it simply doesn't have creditcard fees. Someone agnostic to bitcoin could use it without knowing it. Two Bitcoin ATMs, one fiat-in, one fiat-out, could be placed in London and Mumbai to transfer fiat money at nearly no costs, without anyone ever knowing bitcoins were used to actually make the internal value transaction. (x fiat in, ATM buys bitcoin at exchange in x currency, bitcoins are sent to other ATM, it sells bitcoin in y currency, fiat out). 
So I think the market is ready simply because the infrastructure allows bitcoin, and there is room for competition because our current systems aren't cheap or fast enough. People don't need to like or trust, hold, use or even opine on bitcoin for it to be succesful. That's the beauty I think.
But I'd be curious to hear why you feel the timing or market isn't right.
@_date: 2014-10-02 00:28:32
Will do! Thanks so much for taking the time to organize this. Fun little thing. By the way, Copay is damn sweet. Another kudos to Bitpay, they built a multi-sig wallet anyone can easily use. Ideal type of thing for things like kid's allowance, escrow &amp; bets like these, securing company funds etc. Cool stuff, interface looks really nice.
And it's open source. I'm sure someone will come up with a way to fully integrate facebook accounts into this and get a social wallet going.
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:30:04
@_date: 2014-04-30 07:28:43
Yeah fuck this "Rose", obviously a pseudonym and aka CEO of Paypal!
@_date: 2014-04-07 10:08:16
Indeed. Building an open-source Cryptsy is one thing, it may actually be quite possible. But hooking it up to banking and the regulation that entails makes it much more complex and generally means there has to be some form of a custodian at least of fiat funds.
That, and the fact that chain-based trading is slow. 10-60 minute confirmations just doesn't cut it when daytrading. Professional trading happens at fractions of a second.
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:39:32
Yeah it's been really sweet so far, I keep a tiny wallet on Circle which is now my go-to hotwallet on desktop. For mobile I mostly experiment between Coinbase, Hive and Blockchain.info (iOS, meh).
But I do keep 95% of my money on cold paper. But Circle, man it's really really nice as a spending wallet. It's something my mom could use.
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:28:58
Trueish. I think there's two components to cost. First are business operations, and here I think it's quite clear that bitcoin is the winner. If you look at ACH, it's a complete mess. 
This overview is just part of it: 
And that's just the US. This then has to interface with all kinds of other payment systems that various banks use across the world. Bitcoin makes this much easier, it's a global, completely open, permissionless clearing system that anyone can plug into. The cost of this system is based on tx fees, which in a few months will be a floating fee which means that mining blocks is ready to become a true marketplace for the utility that is 'value transfer' (transactions).
The other component is indeed things like legal. But while compliance might be the same, the big difference is that bitcoin lives in a digital world. And digital things can be automated. Look at what Google has done with its smart algorithms, it can predict search behaviour, it can predict where you're going today, it can recognize objects in images, it can understand your queries and give relevant information etc. (look into e.g. what Google Now is set to become). For compliance you can have exactly the same things. Anti-money laundering is mostly about recording everything (digital = easy), analyzing everything by looking at transactions and identifying suspicious ones (digital = easy, you can create algorithms for this), then reporting it to the relevant authorities (digital = easy). 
In short, I don't disagree that it's likely bitcoin will never be completely free if you use companies as intermediaries who have legal requirements, it's obviously able to be cheaper and more efficient and faster than what we have now even if it has legal compliance requirements.
And as you say, outside OECD countries, banking is in a poor state and billions have no access at all. Bitcoin can be a godsend at some point.
@_date: 2014-10-16 11:12:36
lol... if my company was 'preparing for a launch' because I browsed around during work-times, you'd have thought we were acquiring facebook, making a foray into fantasy football, sponsoring the world cup and starting a newspaper business.
This is very likely just some individual guy at Apple who's into bitcoin. It's a big company, have you heard?
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:34:21
Hehe yeah.
I mean love travelling and seeing other places, adventure, and I grew up here so it gets a bit boring, I mean Amsterdam 1m people on 200 square km, contrast it with a place I've visited like Shanghai, 20m people on 6000 square km (Shanghai), I've walked every street a million times haha.
But I can't imagine many places I'd rather raise my kids. The quality of life is great here. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 22:21:03
Right, and I don't disagree that some kind of metric that totals up all costs and divides them by the amount of units is useful, it's important to seperate these things with clear terminology.
For example, we can also include the costs of the roads on which the car travels. We can include the costs of the food required to eat so that there's enough energy in your blood to power your brain and muscles to drive the car. I can go on. There's a lot of systemic costs, and in economics it definitely is interesting to total them and then try to figure out what it costs for a single unit of work (e.g. manufacturing 1 item, moving 1 km). But generally, we keep things extremely seperate, and then if we want, we can arrive to other calculations from this data.
So transaction fees are seperate from mining fees. Transaction fees happen for a transaction. Mining fees happen regardless of few or many transactions, they're always 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes. These are seperate things. A 'per transaction cost', unless in a very specific context, should simply mean the costs of the transaction, not the systemic costs divided by the amount of transactions. If I make a cash transaction with a friend, we can say it's free, if I make a creditcard transaction, we can say it costs 3%. We don't include the costs of depreciating currency due to quantitative easing, unless in a very specific context where we want to calculate the general costs of our financial systems. 
The problem is that people get this wrong because this distinction isn't clear. For example, Swiss bank UBS released a report last week stating a 4% transaction fee on bitcoins, because they took blockchain.info's graph that also included the cost of money supply. And then they compare it to creditcard 3% fees, but don't include the costs of the fiat money supply or a ton of other things (like the cost to buy a creditcard in the first place, yearly costs, replacement costs, chargeback costs, merchant service costs etc). I see this happen all the time where people make wrong comparisons because they don't clearly create distinctions in terminology.
So again, I acknowledge a metric exists that takes systemic costs and divides it by the total amount of transactions. And it's useful. But it can't simply be called a 'per transaction cost' without additional explanatory context, and can't be compared to e.g. transaction costs of cash, creditcard, debitcard or whatever transactions. You either include or exclude things like money supply costs in both cases.
@_date: 2014-06-21 11:17:38
Many of them closed. Ask the core developers. If you have a crap network then you're going to slow down the network by trying to be a node.
It's like asking if you'd want little kids on their bicycles driving on the highway to transport people instead of cars or buses. It would slow down the highway much more than if they hadn't been on the highway trying to move people at all.
So it really depends. If you've got a great network, absolutely turn it on. If you don't, don't worry, everyone is better off without it.
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:01:17
This is how it works.
Say I want to send you 1 bitcoin. I 'make' this transaction (like an email saying IkmoIkmo pays latewire 1 bitcoin'. I then send this transaction to the network, telling everyone I want to do this. And I attach a small amount of bitcoin (e.g. 0.0001 bitcoin) as a transaction (tx) fee.
What miners then do is try to mine a block which is basically running a mathematical algorithm many times until you get the right answer. (algorithm is called SHA256, designed by the NSA and very secure.)
Once they find the right answer they've actually 'mined' the block. They then take my transaction and many others, and put it in the block, then tell the network about this block. It's then added to the blockchain. At this point the transaction is confirmed to an extent. The miners are then rewarded for this with 25 bitcoin. A block is roughly found every 10 minutes.
Now every 4 years the reward halves. So in a few years you only get 12.5 btc per block. 4 years later it's 6.25 etc, until in 100 years + you get nothing anymore.
But remember I added 0.001 bitcoin as a transaction fee to my tx? They get those, too. So if they add thousands of transactions to the block, they get thousands of transaction fees. This means that they can actually make more money in e.g. the year 2050 if blocks can hold tens of thousands of transactions that each pay a little bit of bitcoin.
Right now there are not many transactions and not many fees, but the idea is that this will change :)
So miners still make money, perhaps even more, and network security can remain.
That's the idea in simple terms. There's lots of details and caveats to this, like difficulties with blockchain bloat, having to build a floating market for pricing tx fees etc.
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:20:07
Yeah the weird thing is, bitcoin companies barely showcase their company news on their websites. It's a mystery to me haha.
But they actually do communicate a lot. There's so many bitcoin talks and conferences. I've seen the CEO of bitstamp in at least 10 different interviews/talks/conferences. Sadly, there's not a lot of coverage. But some of this gets picked up by e.g. Bloomberg, which is why we know this now. Coindesk is pretty awesome, one of the few proper news outlets covering bitcoin thoroughly.
Other than that, some news is intentionally kept quiet for a while. E.g. blockchain.info made an aquisition announcement months after the initial acquisition talks, and at least a month after the actual acquisition.
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:16:08
Indeed that's what I said: 2^100 unless rate limitation or no need for security... The first (key stretching) is essentially rate limitation by design, the second (pornhub) doesn't need to be secure.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:14:30
I'll leave this here:
 
@_date: 2014-03-08 20:19:53
Andreas' reddit username is andreasma. You can find his comments on reddit about him joining the foundation here:
He's mentioned this outside of reddit plenty of times, too. In short, firstly he doesn't necessarily believe in the idea of a central authority to speak on a decentralized software protocol. And secondly, he feels he could achieve more and speak more freely as an individual. When you're part of leadership of a foundation, you have to speak the voice of the foundation and represent its position, which may or may not be his own position. He wants to avoid these conflicts and speak freely.
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:44:58
Scams are universal, I couldn't count all the dollar-based scams in the world in my lifetime if I tried to.
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:19:36
Pretty solid report that shows intimate knowledge about some aspects of bitcoin, but also some huge mistakes.
For example, it cites bitcoin 30d average fees at 4%. The reason? They cited blockchain data which counts miner revenue (e.g. fees + bitcoins mined). This is a gross misunderstanding of transaction fees. Bitcoins mined are systemic costs (quant. easing / increase in money supply, in other words, an inflationary force), they're not transaction fees. After all, miners are not paid the mined bitcoins to process transactions, they can mine bitcoins without processing any transactions or without there even being any transactions to process. Processing transactions is a by-product of mining which they get compensated for with transaction fees, not mined bitcoins.
The actual transaction fees YTD were on average 15 coins per day on on average 60k transactions per day, or in other words, 1 bitcoin for every 4000 transactions ~12 cents per transaction. Fees on average transactions are a fraction of a percent atm, not 4% or comparable to creditcards.
Of course this isn't a minor thing. Fraction of a percent vs 4% means bitcoin is either extremely disruptive or near useless. You can't get this wrong, the entire article is suspect because of such mistakes. (there are more, but not blatant mistakes looking at numbers and making order of magnitude mistakes like these).
@_date: 2014-04-16 20:16:48
Looks like they only have a license in one state and operate in that one, plus the two states in which no licenses are necessary. Meanwhile, this license is registered at a virtual office in new york.
@_date: 2014-12-19 17:44:59
That's not the point. The point is that if you have a dollar and it's supposed to mean something, i.e. it's a token of value in return for your service, it shouldn't be possible for someone to just print those tokens without any service in return.
That is, if I paint your house, you have to pay me. But you may not have something I want, or I may want something that is valued at 0.1 houses painted, or at 50 houses painted. How can we still trade? Well we come up with a value token. I pay your house and you give me 100 tokens of value, call them dollars. But these tokens are useless, they're nothing, except a way to turn them back into something with a similar value. You want to be able to turn those 100 tokens into a painted house, or something of similar value, years later. After all, that's what you did. With technology over time however we expect the service of painting to become easier, faster, more efficient, cheaper. And thus we expect the 100 value tokens to become worth MORE, i.e. it may paint 1.2 houses 10 years later due to technological changes.
But then some third party steps in, who didn't paint anyone's house, nor did they pay tokens (which they earned for another service) for having their house painted. This party is the government and they print 500 billion of these tokens. The common man who is NOT invested in the SP500 YET works for their actual value tokens loses their purchasing power, while others who ARE invested in the SP500 and who print money see their investments skyrocket. With the consequence that someone who received payment for painting a house couldn't get the market to give him back a lick of paint decades later. You can question that system. 
Meanwhile, there are tons of countries that have shown similar levels of inflation, yet never saw stock markets rise, and ultimately ended up with bankruptcy, hyperinflation and change of currencies, losing people all their money. i.e. money supply doesn't inherently mean lots of increased wealth in the stock market, so one can't inherently say inflating away 99% of a currency's value is completely fine when in many countries nobody benefited from it. It always works out until it doesn't.
Now I've studied business &amp; economics at several universities and I appreciate how important money supply is for economic growth and all that. I'm fully willing to say that there are a lot of positive caveats to the story of inflation that I'm not mentioning here, so I'm not implying here that FDIC is the worst thing ever and bail-outs are the worst thing ever and money supply is the worst thing ever. 
I'm simply stating that ThePenUltimateOne said FDIC is paid in taxes, they're not, they're paid by banks. And that he is confusing it with bail-outs, that are paid in taxes and through the money supply, neither of which are free of adverse affects.  That wasn't me stating it's therefore inherently bad, just stating fact. i.e. it's a tradeoff, and that the statement 'FDIC protection is free' like BeardMilk said, or the notion that financial systems are healthy because bail-outs provide a safety net, is too myopic for my tastes, so I provided the other side of the coin.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:41:39
I hope you'll see that me clarifying that is an indication of how stupid I thought you might just be, as only a person who did understand it was meant figuratively would be silly enough to get your panties in a bunch over a sentence like that. But it seems you're that type of person after all. Please ignore my further posts as you seem easily frustrated.
'omg he said spitting in the face, what a fucking child!'
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:54:00
@_date: 2014-12-11 04:14:39
I agree with the notion that when Blockchain.info has a fuckup, it doesn't mean it's suddenly time to point out every little flaw. 
But this is kind of fucked up. Blockchain is a highly used word not just in bitcoin, but in the broader discussion on digital currencies and cryptocurrencies, often referred now as blockchain currencies. The technology, blockchain technology, is often lauded.
To appropriate that as a company name is just, well, bad. It's confusing, its potentially damaging. It'd be like one of the biggest internet companies literally being called Internet.abc, and everyone referring to it as 'Internet', without any distinction to the actual internet. 
I've got no clue what to do about it. I really don't see them rebranding and I can't blame them for it. The least we can do is be consistent in putting .info behind it. But I seriously hope they're considering rebranding. If bitcoin gets used by 100m+ people, this is the time for a rebrand (a dot-com company hasn't been a great idea, a .info is even worse, and sticking with Blockchain is bad for the ecosystem). If bitcoin stays small forever, whether they're called blockchain.info or blabla.info doesn't really matter, anyone who still uses it will know about them anyway.
@_date: 2014-06-25 06:52:25
Damn... If someone asked me last week when one of the big four did an endorsement article I would've thought they'd stay cautiously neutral for another year or two...
@_date: 2014-08-13 13:11:16
Mmm I'd have to hear more, sounds pretty weak. Velocity of money is indeed pretty constant over time. It's not like our velocity of money is 10x greater than it was 50 years ago. It's not completely fixed, no, it fluctuates, but only a little bit between a certain range. But it doesn't keep on growing with the growth of our economy. Velocity of money really is very much linked to human behavior and culture. We're more inclined to get paid once per month, then spend the majority of that gradually every day. We could change human behavior and pay people per hour of work and receive and spend most of our earnings the same day, the velocity of money would increase and you'd need much fewer tokens. But that's not really how we're geared as a society. Indeed it's true that a digital currency that can do cheap, effortless transactions with low administrative duties (e.g. sending data over the internet vs through the post) can very much increase our velocity of money, but it wouldn't be linked to economic growth, it'd still be linked to a change in human behavior. This by the way also means that the value of bitcoin doesn't have to be as high as the value of a dollar to support the same amount of trade if bitcoin has a higher velocity, something not many are eager to hear :P
@_date: 2014-05-14 08:48:22
No they have 0% risk, they use Bitpay.
@_date: 2014-11-26 15:45:08
Too generous, thank you!
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:18:51
Just consider that at one point we'll probably see full browser integrations. 
Meaning someone can open their browser, click 'private browsing', send $1 of bitcoin into a decentralized pool, and for 30 minutes you'll get a high quality decentralized tor path in return, allowing you to browse privately and quickly, without overloading a network of volunteers. You'd be directly paying for it, and you won't have to do anything fancy, it'll just work.
Something like this just wouldn't be possible with any other system, not creditcards, not paypal, not stripe, but also not ripple or stellar as nodes participating would be marginalized out of the network.
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:39:56
And let's make sure it stays that way? Come on. That's the whole point, just because something is that way doesn't mean it has to stay that way, nor should it be exclusive in its form. Wording and semantics matter, and I'd love to see a little less US-focus when less than half the percentage of reddit users are from the US (just like google, facebook, twitter, youtube etc) and especially in a subreddit for a global currency :) Again, it's fine to use the US in a certain context as e.g. an example, but too often posts are written like its the only place on earth that matters at all, or even exists haha.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:13:35
He didn't claim internet companies were overvalued, if he did, he'd be right. He claimed they couldn't be valued, which is ridiculous nonsense of course. If a company has a userbase that brings in revenue, as some internet companies did indeed have (e.g. eBay, hugely succesful, had customers early each paying a fee for its services, between 1998's inception of ebay and your 2 years later its market cap grew by 10 fold and today is about 40 times higher than its first days), you can build a discounted cash flow model and have a pretty decent valuation already, for example.
So no, he was absolutely wrong and I don't know why he said what he did. If it was true what he said, it would still be true today, wouldn't it? You get laughed at if you say an internet company can't be valued because it's ridiculous just like it was then.
Again, he didn't say internet companies were overvalued in 1998.
@_date: 2014-05-17 08:50:17
Nobody really cares about reward halving in terms of large price increases. In 2014 rewards cause about 10% increase of the money supply, i.e. inflation. If you say that this is causing a 10% decrease in the price for example, then the real price could've been $25 higher if the reward halving to 12.5 btc / 10min (5% of inflation) had happened 12 months ago, for example.
In other words, if you take the quantity theory of money, reward halving has a small effect of about 5% on the price (1.05x increase in price). That's significant, but not in the context of discussions where we're discussing 10x or 100x increases in price, in those discussions reward halving is a very tiny factor, and the big factors are mainly growing adoption from the current 1m worldwide users to 100m worldwide users, or even 1 billion in 10-20 years.
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:57:32
If your private key has never been on any computer connected to the internet, then it's 'cold'. Nobody can, after all, access your password through any computer.
They could only bruteforce your password. (this would take a supercomputer millions of years) 
@_date: 2014-06-23 08:53:29
Apparently your brain is so tiny or ignorant that you can't fathom that products aren't built on your schedule and that a lot can happen without publicly releasing it yet.
Just look at kraken.com. This company started in 2011, it only went public in very late 2013. They took more than two years to release anything. And now they're bitcoin market leader in Europe, the world's largest economy.
To have said they were doing fuck all for all those years is just so naive and frankly quite childish.
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:22:35
Quite possible, although at this point, bitcoin only has 1m users, probably at least 50% up to perhaps 90% of those users are inactive or barely active. (e.g. I use bitcoin for tipping, but barely for commerce). It's tiny, tiny, tiny. 
So this notion that Paypal is looking to boost bitcoin at such an early stage when Bitcoin can't even handle 1% of creditcard volume on a technical level at this point and has only a few hundred thousand somewhat active users, is a bit of a stretch. Particularly because Paypal in the long run will probably have to sacrifice its dominant position in e-commerce if anyone with any wallet can do what Paypal does. 
So while I think it's quite likely Paypal will (be forced to) adopt bitcoin if it becomes popular, I don't think Paypal will help bitcoin get popular as it's probably better off if bitcoin doesn't work out.
@_date: 2014-05-26 14:33:13
It depends where you get it. Localbitcoins is usually a bit more expensive, like a 5% margin.
On Kraken.com I pay 0.2% fees or so.
On Coinbase you pay 1% fees.
Circle which will launch in full probably later this year will cost nothing.
@_date: 2014-04-16 16:09:13
Indeed had corrected them below and provided some context as to making your own decisions:
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:56:57
Well this is pretty much what ZipZap is doing. It tried and failed in the UK, it's now working hard particularly in South America.
Basically, they turn every shop into a bitcoin atm. After all, every shop is a payment processor, just like an ATM is. They accept fiat money and sell you a product, they could just as well sell you the private keys to some bitcoin and take your fiat.
It's not always better than an ATM. For example, banks function like ATMs, you can walk in and make a withdrawl, why do they prefer having more ATMs and fewer bank offices? It's obvious: cost effectiveness, security, speed.
@_date: 2014-10-03 13:37:13
It's quite safe, it never sees any of your keys so they can't steal it, and it's ran over SSL so it's hard for anyone to pretend they're blockchain.info when they're not.
The risk lies in the fact the owners of the server could upload a different wallet software which sends back keys to the server. So there's still some trust involved. But they're one of the most visible, transparent, engaged and trusted members of the community.
Also, there's the risk that you have say a keylogger on your computer which grabs your login credentials. They have some basic protections against that (e.g. 2FA, blocking IPs that aren't from your home etc) but that's an issue.
That's why, at this point, I still recommend any layman (say my mom or dad) to keep a small (5%) hotwallet with an insured service that offers 2FA (say Circle, Coinbase, Xapo). This way you're protected from issues with the company, as it's third-party insured against that, plus you have basic protections from keyloggers with 2FA.
And then keep say 95% of your coins on a multi-sig paper wallet. Keep the keys at home, one with say a friend or with a party like greenaddress, keep it in a vault, a safety deposit box, and if (and you should) properly encrypted, you can indeed back it up in the cloud. (hell you could broadcast it at the superbowl if properly encrypted, just make sure to get it right haha.) as that's safe from hacking (cold paper wallet, no trace on any hackable device) and safe from theft (multi-signature, so needs theft of multiple keys in multiple locations, plus break the encryption, which isn't gonna happen if you get it right).
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:01:59
Exchange transactions aren't bitcoin transactions usually. They're transactions of IOUs of bitcoins. They don't use the blockchain except when depositing/withdrawing, so for all you know, they could be trading gummy bears.
This is an important distinction. As for exchange volume, chinese exchanges are mostly 0% fee exchanges so you can trade a billion bitcoin if you wanted to in a day and theoretically lose no more money than if you traded 0.
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:44:32
Too many shortcuts and inaccuracies and too one-sided for me. When you say things like 'Square brings bitcoin to all its merchants', instead of only a small subset, when you say Andreessen is the inventor of the internet and draw false conclusions about eBay, without providing any context or presenting the other side of the story (e.g. Square merchants can't track whether a customer paid with Bitcoin and still pay 2.75% fees), or something silly as that bitcoin is likely to go up in value because it did in the past (an argument expecting bitcoin to appreciate infinitely), anything you say lacks any credibility or meaning, for me.
I'm sure some people will enjoy this and use it to catch up quickly with some general events. But I wouldn't recommend your videos to anyone at this point. It's just really important to get information right. I'm sure you'll agree it's easy to make anyone or anything look good if you don't care about providing exact information or both sides of a story.
In any case, great effort and I'm glad you're trying. Looking forward to any future improvements!
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:38:55
@_date: 2014-08-15 09:26:05
Cringe haha, wear them proud anyway :p
@_date: 2014-07-09 10:29:38
The point is that countries generally set interest rates, they're not immediately affected by the market. e.g. when prices magically rise, it won't cause interest rates to go up because there is a higher demand for short-term money versus long term savings as one would assume in a completely free market of peer-to-peer lending. Point is the central bank sets interest rates which affect the rates of banks. So when e.g. the fed or ecb wants 3% inflation when there's 1% inflation today, they lower the interest rates, decrease the cost of money, increase lending, increase consumption, on the medium term interest rates go down as inflation rises. So no, if inflation rises, interest rates won't magically go up the same quarter, of course over the long-term they'll try to rebalance, which is why the real interest rate fluctuates so much. 
Anyway we can agree to disagree, it's not really an important point to the OP's question so I don't care too much. I'm not downvoting you by the way that's pretty lame..
@_date: 2014-06-02 11:05:37
It's a bit myopic. I fully agree none should put all their capital into it and that its future isn't guaranteed. I also fully agree it's not very practical right now due to low adoption among other things, indeed I can't get a haircut with bitcoin in my city.
But how I look at bitcoin is to really look at its DNA. I saw this argument a while ago on twitter. Basically people look at bitcoin like an 10 year old kid with amazing genes for playing basketball (very tall, great lung capacity, strong legs, resistant to stress etc) and then they say he sucks compared to the 25 year old NBA stars, completely ignoring his genes and completely myopic to the fact that in 10 years he could blow everything out of the water because of his genes.
Bitcoin's DNA is a bit like that. Its fundamental properties have the ability to become a better form of money, especially in the ever-more digital world we're moving towards.
That doesn't mean it will... By way of analogy, the kid might find another hobby, nobody might believe in him and won't pay for his practice, he might grow up in a bad neighborhood. There's lots of things that could go wrong, but that doesn't mean we should look at bitcoin and forget about it, just because it's the new kid on the block.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:50:03
Thanks, I will! The tip didn't come through though :( ...
@_date: 2014-07-07 15:25:50
Yes they could but it would fork (create a new) blockchain, and nobody would pay for bitcoins on that blockchain so they'd have no value. And if the bitcoins have no value, then nobody is going to mine for bitcoins on that blockchain.
That's the basic idea. So this isn't really a risk or worry at all.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:27:29
Here we go with this bullshit again.


Says who? A place to keep your private keys is called a KEYCHAIN, or a list of keys, or a storage of keys. Nothing more, nothing less. The fact you call it a wallet is by the same logic that people call Coinbase a wallet: because it allows you to hold money in some fashion, receive money and send money. Coinbase does that, as much as the wallet on your phone or PC does. It's a hosted wallet.
As for ownership, no the bitcoins are owned by you, but not possessed by you. There's a difference. If I hand you my phone for a second, I own it, you possess it. They're NOT an IOU, in the way that debt is the trade of ownership for debt. This is a custodial relationship.
Wallet is technically an incorrect term for anything relating to bitcoin, but if you want to use it, it's completely fine to call both MultiBit and Coinbase a wallet.
@_date: 2014-10-01 20:48:53
Welcome :) We have moronic monday's here for all your questions. Let us know if you need help.
@_date: 2014-06-02 13:41:35
Yes it does make more sense. I think the reason why 2.0 has quite a few developers is that it's easier to monetize.
Bitcoin's core protocol is quite difficult to monetize because it was designed to be decentralized, the only cost being the utility of mining, blockchain storage and tx propagation. 
But a 2.0 solution like a decentralized dropbox, that's a product which can be charged for. Building a decentralized kickstarter, that's something that can make money. So it makes sense that people work on these things.
But the bitcoin basis... well, a lot of that is very 'boring' stuff that doesn't make money. For example, bitcoinj is just a java implementation of bitcoin, it doesn't do anything extra except enabling bitcoin in another language. There's no immediate money to be made here by anyone. Another example is documentation, it's atm quite important simply to document (write manuals) for code. Boring, no company can be built out of it, but it has to be done.
Lastly, there's not THAT much pressure at the moment. A lot of work has to be done in terms of optimization to allow scaling. (e.g. pruning the blockchain, improving networking). But right now we only average about 10% of block capacity, and we can store the entire blockchain on a $20 usb stick, and we can run a node that handles tens of gigabytes of traffic for $15 per month. Fact is, as amazing bitcoin is, the ecosystem is still small and there's not as much pressure on the basic protocol as one might think.
But by and large the core protocol probably gets quite a bit of development hours and has a team of very senior engineers most of whom are paid and work on this full-time. That's very different from some other projects. So it's not an extremely lopsided thing.
@_date: 2014-09-13 11:26:39
A wallet is actually a misnomer, it's for people to understand what it *does*, not what it *is* or how it *works*. So for people like you, trying to understand what it is and how it works, it's confusing!
So the better analogy is that a 'wallet' is actually a keychain. Wallets are nothing more than collection of private keys the user possesses. 
Check out public key cryptography to see what private keys entail: 
In short, private keys can be used as a digital signature. Basically you can sign any message like this post, with a private key, and anyone with the public key can verify that you signed it, without being able to see the private key. This way everyone can verify the message came from you (it's your signature!) but can't replicate the signature. It's the way a lot of things like nuclear launch codes or credit cards are secured, too.
So how bitcoin works is with a public ledger, I think you got this part. So say I have 5 bitcoins in an address associated with private key XYZ. If I want to send you some bitcoin, I basically write a message saying 'I'm sending 5 bitcoin to swinegums', and then I take my private key and sign that message. Now everyone knows it's me, and they can see I indeed have 5 bitcoins to give away by verifying it. So this message is accepted, it's mined into a block (irrelevant here to explain) and it's put into the blockchain (literally a chain of all blocks since the beginning of bitcoin). As the blockchain says that I sent you 5 bitcoins, you can now spend those bitcoins just like I did with your private key, and everyone will check your signature and verify indeed that in the blockchain it says you have bitcoins to spend. Whereas if I spend those 5 bitcoins, they'll verify and see that the blockchain says I already gave mine to swinegums, so sorry can't spend them again.
So what the wallet does is hold these private keys, create transactions (which is just a message saying 'im sending x coins to address y' according to a strict format of the bitcoin protocol), then sign those messages with the private keys (again, standard public-key cryptography here), and then broadcast them to the network. (which is really just sending everyone the signed message, thereby people can mine it). All of this is indeed pretty similar to email, in that your wallet really just emails everyone a check stating you paid someone with your signature (made with your private key), everyone verifies it and if you're good for it, it's put in the blockchain.
That means though, that the private key is the password to your money. Nobody should ever get to see it. And transactions don't include the private key, they're really just signed so that people can verify it's you, without seeing the private key. If someone gets your private key, they can essentially take your bitcoin. That's why the security implications of that are not trivial. But as you can make a private key with math, you can make one by throwing some dice or flipping coins, and performing some math on it. That means you don't need the internet to create a private key or indeed a wallet, which means you can best and most easily secure your key by making sure it's never been online (where a hacker, malware, a keylogger, a screen capturer etc can see it). Remember, bitcoin works by signing transactions, so you can sign a transaction offline, and then take the signed transaction and broadcast it to the network. The private key therefore never has to be on an online device (connected to a network). If it's on an offline device, or written on a piece of paper or whatever, people can only steal it by finding you, your house, breaking in and finding out wherever you hid it. And then you can encrypt those keys, too, or you can break it up into 5 pieces kept in different locations where you need say 3 of 5 pieces to make a valid key (multi-signature keys) etc, there's a lot of things you can do. The learning curve is steep but the security is super easy to do. The problem is getting easy security AND ease of use, as keeping secure offline keys isn't very user friendly despite being a breeze (after the learning curve).
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:48:22
I hear you and I agree.
By the way, merchant adoption at Coinbase and Bitpay is slower than new customers and wallets being added, consumer adoption is actually outpacing merchant adoption both in relative as well as in nominal values. 
Also, merchants are increasingly holding bitcoin, and users are increasingly buying back bitcoin after spending (with Coinbase working on an option to automate this for its users)
Lastly, there doesn't seem to be *that* much trade. It's safe to say between Coinbase and Bitpay, about 80-90% of mainstream SMEs and large enterprises are covered. However, Bitpay 'only' processed $100m a while ago in 2.5 years of existance. Daily bitcoin transactions averages at about 60million USD, meaning actual bitcoin payments don't seem to be a big factor in setting the price.
Given all that, and the fact that we can easily see most volatility is caused by FUD (fear, uncertainty, doubt, about bitcoins future) due to e.g. statements made by the bank of China, IRS, Fincen etc, I think we can conclude two obvious things:
* 1) Merchant adoption outpacing consumer adoption is not just not true, but it's not a big factor in setting the price of bitcoin
* 2) Just because the price is less than what it could be or has been, bitcoin is still up tens of thousands of percent the past few years. It's by no means a 'weak' price, it's such a silly statement that ignores the fact it traded at a fraction of a penny a few short years ago. I'd be more concerned if bitcoin went to 10k tomorrow than if it went down to $300, and I'm quite bullish on bitcoin.
Sorry for the lack of elaboration before. I hope this clears up my position a bit.
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:31:09
Ask the manager to call HQ. It happened before and they'll train the manager and all, if necessary live over the phone.
Their system is this, they have like 3 ipads in every store and so they can actually check out on the ipad using their online system they use for their ecommerce webshop too (where you can pay with bitcoin). So you could literally walk the manager through the buy process and then show him the 'pay with bitcoin option', which has a 'whats this' button and a whole page explaining what bitcoin is on their website. 
long story short, you can show the manager bitcoin in their own system / own website and tell him to call HQ and sort it out, if necessary come back the next day.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:15:57
Sure but you can still do that... Bitcoin stays just as awesome and available to all and Paypal gets a little better by letting 150m users use bitcoin and charges a lower fee than they normally would. Over time people will wonder why not just use bitcoin directly, and you have 150m people potentially wondering this and moving over to Bitcoin in full. That's the scenario people are excited about. Might not happen like this, it's a bit hyperbolic, but you catch my drift.
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:06:48
Sort of. SHA1 has 160 bits, which is exactly 2^80 times more secure than 2^80 itself. 
Given that 2^80 is 10000000000000000000000000000, that means that 2^160 is 10000000000000000000000000000 more secure. So if 2^80 could be cracked in a year (it can't, just an example) then 2^160 would take 10000000000000000000000000000 years.
But there are weaknesses in SHA1 making this moot, but mostly they're theoretical (as it's quite hard to practically test a 2^60 vulnerability for example) and often they're based on reduced versions of SHA1. The 2^80 attack for example was like that at first, and later they were able to do it on the full version.
So, yup. Which is why SHA1 is deprecated and being phased out and not used for anything really serious anymore.
@_date: 2014-07-13 19:52:35
It's like a car that malfunctions, it's still a car, you don't suddenly start giving it other names. It's a broken or malfunctioning car. And Coinbase, after we hear reports of hours of delays in sending money, is a malfunctioning bitcoin wallet.
Note that this malfunctioning could happen anywhere. Blockchain.info could malfunction and broadcast slowly. Running your own wallet on your PC could malfunction and broadcast slowly. Does that mean you stop calling them wallets? No. They can all still be called wallets.
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:40:20
I don't really understand your question... but it seems like it has to do with relative numbers. (e.g. 30% of X is still 30% even if X goes up in value) so it wouldn't really matter if things are halved or something rallies.
Anyway could you perhaps rephrase?
@_date: 2014-08-08 23:15:52
Haha I guess this accidental tip shows that changetip is far from perfect from a user interaction experience :P I'll be sure to try out BitTip at some point and let you know the feedback. Are you involved in building it?
@_date: 2014-04-16 12:06:58
Indeed. But let's not forget, Kraken is market leader in Europe and that's not insignificant. 
US and China are two massive trading markets, but why? 
* China, because there were 0 fees on most exchanges, creating large amounts of fake volume, or bot-traded volume, which didn't really constitute trading or merchant activity.
* US because, apart from being a massive market, has the two largest payment processors, Coinbase and Bitpay. But now Bitpay just opened its EU headquarters and Tim Draper has talked about Coinbase potentially moving to the EU at some point. 
In other words, if you remove China's fake volume and expect merchant adoption in Europe to rapidly rise due to Bitpay launching an EU campaign, I'd expect the Euro to become a much more significant player and that will probably be soaked up by Kraken. 
Let's not forget, the EU is the worlds largest market and Kraken is its bitcoin market leader 5 months or so after launch, while no payment processor hadn't even begun to launch a big campaign until recently in the EU. 
So volume will come. Kraken is becoming more prominent at global conferences and in various foundations and efforts. (particularly regulatory)
I think it's important for them to move forward on auditing, assurance and security though. They've done a few great things, but a lot more should be possible. They don't have regular audits, their security descriptions are amazing but unverified, they have very few (but solid) banking partners etc.
@_date: 2014-05-10 18:06:24




In other words, innocent until proven guilty. As for accused, was he? All I see is that people he knew were accused in a case, but he wasn't himself accused at all. Please cite a source if you have one.


Are you stupid? It's the 'brother' who runs the exchange who's elected, and there is no proof at all that he was manipulating anything. If you look at the history, he only said truthful statements. When his company could continue trading, that's what he said. His bank didn't shut down at all. He said he didn't receive word, nor did his bank, and that was true. And he said there was no official word from the PBOC and that was true. When the situation changed, he immediately informed everyone. Not only is there no proof of manipulation, but there isn't any proof of him trading against inside information either. 


Read his response on this and that of Neo &amp; Bee employees and you'll see he's clean. Tuur is another story, he actually did seem to praise Neo &amp; Bee.
Get your shit straight man and cite some sources before you throw a fucking pedophile accusation around. That shit about Tony I've never even heard. You're a fucking moron.
@_date: 2014-08-14 19:20:52
Nah the ferrari is not his. You can check the image source and find it on tons of websites which is wher he got it from, too.
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:08:06
And then there's all the 'supposed truths' that have been very strongly implicitly overturned. e.g. the illegality of bitcoin was implicitly overturned when the government sold bitcoins to the public. Or the idea that nobody would want to use it or accept it, was implicitly overturned with multiple billion dollar companies accepting payments within the span of 1-2 weeks just last month.
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:31:48
Ouch! Let's follow this closely and see if the price comes down. Also, I guess it's time for the Ukrainians to build an ecosystem :) The liquidity and accessibility of an alternative currency is here, now to put it to use... 
By the way, take a look at the currency: it dropped in value by about 40% twice in the past 6 years. I know I'd be interested in holding some gold right now, the kind that you can move across borders and hide from the government in case anything crazy happens the next two years.
@_date: 2014-08-24 13:29:24
Absolutely, I'm not going to use Paypal on Cydia haha.
There's a lot of cool stuff on Cydia like swipeselection. Some of them are free, but the paid tweaks, like Nitro... sure, sending $2 of bitcoin is fine by me. 
But it's probably not a big market. It's a niche (Cydia is sub 10% of iphones) within a niche (Bitcoin sub 0.1% of population) within a platform that has sub 20% of the smartphone OS market. 
It's a good market fit, but it's not a huge surprise not everyone is jumping on top of this.
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:57:27


No, but given exponentially growing hashrate, hardware replacement happens relatively quickly, and people have a choice to subsidize this by paying a premium for mining contracts or not. And that's the thing I don't get, there's a ton of stories and calculations showing a CEX contract doesn't make you any money, more often than not it loses you money, and it's virtually always been worse than simply using the same funds to buy and hold bitcoin. (which not only appreciates over time but also allows you to quickly short your risk in the case of e.g. China-style news, while your hardware is a medium-term investment causing risk exposure you can't easily sell out of)


I can't really say much on this. Generally, I agree, the community is sometimes extremely hyperbolic in their anger to the point of silliness. But I've looked at CEX, done the calculations twice myself, and didn't see any profit given the price I had to pay for a certain hashrate that would create a certain amount of block rewards. For me, CEX is close to a scam in that there's a ton of complaints about long-term contracts that had negative net value for the customer from the very start and it's not like CEX is oblivious to this.
As for GHASH, I can't imagine it being impossible to block connections after say 30%. In fact, I think the percentage should be lower, at around 15% so that more than 3 pools must collude for an attack. That's the responsibility I think GHASH has morally. Yes they're a business, yes it's a free system, but there are best practices and we should try to act in good faith. If you don't act in good faith it's completely legal and allowed, but you won't gain the respect or praise from the community. Miners have principal responsibility, yes, and together they're what counts, but the practice is that pool operators have much more power as an individual party than any other individual miner, and pool operators probably also stand to gain more as a party than any individual miner. As such, I see a burden of responsibility for them.


Sort of agree, from a legal perspective, I respect the notion of presumed innocence. But I also know bitcoin is a young ecosystem with a few very large deciding parties in the ecosystem that leave users few alternatives. I know these companies have to take responsibility, more than they should in a mature system with lots of competition. They're the biggest, the pioneers, they have the influence and they must drive this bitcoin train safely. 
I really don't want to look at Mt. Gox or Neo &amp; Bee a week before shutdown and say, I'll reserve anger until I see proof they're actively subverting the ecosystem. Clearly there's a huge problem and a huge risk with 1 party having control over 45% of all blocks and essentially of 45% of the transactions and 45% of the money supply and nearly a consensus majority on the history of the valid (longest) blockchain. And ignoring that and saying we should reserve anger until they exploit this or something goes wrong is naive and not the way we can solve problems preemptively. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:46:03
First of all, if you want to use evidence, look up the definition of a shill and provide evidence for it. Simple wikipedia: "is a person who publicly helps a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with the person or organization". I can't take you seriously if you look at a board member of a bitcoin organisation and then call her a shill for trying to promote bitcoin.
Besides this, Coinbase exists for many reasons. First of all, they're a bitcoin broker for which they have a license which obtained from the government. 
Secondly, they source bitcoins from other exchanges (they're not an exchange) for which they need a banking partner, this was obtained through bitcoin lobbying. Every CEO of any bitcoin company tells you it's extremely difficult to obtain a banking partner and lobbying and education is the way. Guess what Elizabeth is a member of? The education committee. 
Thirdly, they provide full anti-money laundering and know your customer services to the US regulatory bodies concerned. Coinbase has welcomed bitcoin legislation, helped shape it, were present at the hearings, handed over information after they were subpoenad by the state of California and they're one of the top-tier members of the Bitcoin Foundation and voted in the elections in which Elizabeth was elected.
Coinbase is a US-only service for regulatory reasons. Coinbase investors have stated they'll only invest in regulatory compliant companies, which is why Coinbase is one of the most compliant companies out there and why it got the most investment of any bitcoin company.
I can go on. Coinbase is intimately involved in bitcoin lobbying, education, legislation, the foundation. If you think they're just some entrepreneurs in a garage circumventing governments with bitcoin, you're wrong. If you think they don't care about legislation, you're wrong.
If you care not about bitcoin legislation, you're a complete idiot. It's *extremely* important. That's NOT to say that regulation is good. Nobody is making those claims. What I and others are saying, it HAS happened and it WILL happen. Every country in the world is shaping regulation on digital currencies. If it weren't for early adopters, the foundation, bitcoin companies and VCs going out there everyday and educating people and talking to regulators, bitcoin would probably be far from what it is today.
@_date: 2014-04-22 17:10:02
Oh they applied alright, I know enough about who I'm arguing with now. Thanks for clearing that up.
I don't think you're an idiot at all. But I'd hoped you wouldn't separate the act of trading (which can aid and abet crime, or monetize crime and thereby incentivize crime) from the act of procuring or using that very thing.
Because to both of us it seems that if someone produces child pornography, that's a crime. But only to me, and not you, it seems that if another person is then hired to sell this for a commission and thereby finance the child pornographer, that's not a crime by the person selling it, nor the person procuring it. I think that's naive and a mistake. When you talk about selling a terrorist explosives, you seem eager to change the semantics and call 'trading explosives for money' something else now, it becomes 'giving a terrorist explosives', and that this act of giving is accessory to rights violation. 
I think it's quite clear some things should not be traded and I'm perfectly happy considering such trades criminal (e.g. money for murder-for-hire). What the comprehensive list should be is up for debate (you mentioned a market for organs, that's something I have no strong positions in and I'd be eager to debate for example). But this notion that no trade, no matter the item or the participants, is criminal, is baffling to me. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:40:44
They help each other.
Ebay wouldn't consider using bitcoin if it didn't help them, so that's obvious, of course bitcoin helps ebay else they wouldn't consider using it in the first place.
And bitcoin will absolutely be helped by 140m users being introduced to bitcoin by a counterparty they trust with their money and goods. 
I think people are forgetting that the best estimates are that there's about 5m wallets, many duplicates, and only about 1-1.5m bitcoin users worldwide (of whom many are inactive users who buy and hold as an investment).
To get a company with a $60 billion market cap and $16 billion annual revenues, one of the three biggest ecommerce sites on the planet, an ecommerce site where just about anyone can sell their goods to anyone else, powered by the biggest digital payment platform in the world with 150m users that transfers $180 billion of value annually, to use bitcoin, and then to say bitcoin isn't positively affected by that, to say no more people will adopt bitcoin, to say the bitcoin ecosystem doesn't grow because of that... that's stupid and naive.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:26:27
Haha that's a funny video :)
In all honesty, imagine this... If someone gave me $1 in zetacoin or $1 in peercoin, I probably would tell him 'thanks but no thanks'. It's not that I don't want the money, if it was instantly in my pocket in bitcoin, sure, it's just that it may not be quite worth setting up an account at Cryptsy for to exchange it in bitcoin and then withdraw that. I'd rather him or her give it to someone who actually uses those coins.
Now compare that to someone who has NO understanding at all of cryptocurrencies. I mean I spent 5-6 months just reading about crypto everyday for hours and I'm still not completely knowledgeable about things like sidechains haha. So I can easily imagine someone not wanting to get $1 or $5 of something when he needs to spend at least 5-10 hours reading and installing wallet software and setting up accounts etc, and even then it's pretty useless unless you buy some more to actually buy something from Overstock.
So people really need to be fundamentally interested in what digital currencies entails, or need to be super interested in investment opportunities.
Once there's more merchants and wallets are super easy and all the terminology becomes easy, it's a different story. Like, if I tell my gf to download an app on her iphone, send her $10, and let her order us a pizza in another app on her phone with those coins without any weird addresses, just a few buttons... then she'd be quite keen I think, because it'd really be like handing her $5 in cash. It has to be just as easy and usable. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:46:23
Oh god... you really wanna be *that* guy?
@_date: 2014-04-16 20:49:39
hehe that was Fox News, but indeed, a lot of focus on something of the past. Of course after Silk Road got shut down, bitcoin trading grew and the bitcoin price grew. If Silk Road really was a substantial part of bitcoin, you'd expect at least trading to drop, but trading went up from $20m daily to $200m+ daily, fluctuated around $100m and later up to $250m for a few months and now trades $60m daily. Obviously Silk Road was pretty minor, yet they're talking about this like it's all we do at bitcoin haha.
@_date: 2014-06-20 17:42:46
Ugh, you're being an idiot. It's like saying murder is illegal and then you point out people do it all the time. No shit, but if you get caught, you generally go to jail. If you want to publish a McDonalds app or a Nike app on the Apple app store and try to use their brand, trust me, you'll fail, and Coinbase can indeed stop anyone else from using their brand on the appstore so blatantly if they'd wish.
@_date: 2014-04-07 16:27:34
Well the P.S. is kind of the key point, isn't it? 
I mean look, I'm into bitcoin for its utility, simply using it to make payments and allow merchants to accept payments from anyone anywhere at a lower cost than the current payment systems offer. 
But we're not there yet. Firstly, I'm not comfortable getting $50 in bitcoin that I might spend a week later because it might be worth $30. We need to reduce volatility, which means that silly 'market cap' (actually money supply) is very important. The higher it is, the harder it is to change the market. It means regulation is important, the clearer it is, the less effect it has on price swings. And it means institutional investors are important, once you get financial instruments to e.g. hedge against bitcoin volatility, it becomes more usable as a currency, once you can short bitcoin you don't have a buyers-market only, meaning there will be fewer gigantic price increases and price corrections. We need exchanges to function to provide liquidity to the system (e.g. Coinbase and Bitpay use exchanges to settle bitcoin payments in fiat or allow customers to buy or sell bitcoin for use) etc etc.
These things are all extremely important and a bit of propaganda and omg-backstreetboys reactions everytime some medium sized retailer mentions bitcoin in some tweet is important to get the ball rolling and build some momentum.
Don't forget, we're at a bitcoin subreddit. Coinbase has opened wallets for 1.1 million users, Reddit has 100k subscribers. There's hundreds of thousands of bitcoin users out there that engage in 0 discussion. Of course theyre not here
@_date: 2014-04-13 01:08:22
I didn't really get any negative impression from the other panelist about age at all. Thought it was quite friendly and often quite complementary.
@_date: 2014-06-19 16:40:00
As did I at one point, as did Gavin Andresen at one point very likely. An uninformed opinion isn't worth much and I doubt he informed himself well at that time. But that can change.
In fact I doubt he's informed well now, this is probably just their R&amp;D department running experiments, the feedback of which will at some point end up in higher management. I hope this experiment ends up doing well.
@_date: 2014-05-22 10:13:49
Gold is extremely unpractical it will never return as a currency. Just imagine yourself taking pieces of gold out of a pouch at the grocery store while someone weighs it and makes sure it's actually gold, then somehow gives you the correct change.
It ain't gonna happen, in short. Today's modern economy has no place for gold. And it wasn't ever banned, if you're selling goods for gold, you've got the right to do just that. But nobody wants to, and nobody wants to pay with gold.
It's simply impractical as a currency. It's fine as a store of value (although it has no real utility now that we have the concept of digital scarcity, so I don't see the point personally) but not as a currency.
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:51:39
So don't reply to me stating who is to blame and saying it's the users. Being a dumbass and being taken advantage of doesn't mean you're to blame.
edit - didn't know baltimore was that bad lol... not for it to be the Nr 1, global, most-likely-place-to-get-raped to pop up in your head haha.
@_date: 2014-07-28 15:41:22
@_date: 2014-07-16 23:16:10
I want to be part of this joke.
@_date: 2014-09-13 19:57:21
Circle has phone support every weekday.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:58:54
Tx Mal doesn't allow anyone to steal coins. The only thing it does is give people a way to pretend they never received coins and ask Mt. Gox to send it to them (a second time).
That means that, apart from a horrible implentation, Mt. Gox had to have willingly sent 0.5 billion dollars to people who already received this money and completely not notice.
More importantly, it means people actually got to speak to customer service and get a response, which, knowing Mt. Gox, is probably the factor making this the most unlikely haha.
In short, stealing is taking something without that person noticing. Defrauding is taking something involving the very party who is being stolen from. That's Tx Mal, defrauding. Tx Mal can't happen without participation of the exchange. To say that Mt. Gox sent the full 850k bitcoins over some period of time to a fraudulent party, which would immediatelly show a huge gap between bitcoin assets and bitcoin liabilities takes a leap of faith.
@_date: 2014-06-29 19:10:51
Extremely easy cause I'm a Dutchie, too. Although I do prefer Kraken over Bitonic as the latter's spread can be pretty gruesome especially at times when you really want to trade (high volatility)
@_date: 2014-05-16 20:56:22
Not sure, I mean technically it's as if they said you can buy a banana at our website for $1 and sell bananas for $0.95, and we charge no fees for the transaction.
I mean, Paypal does this with their currency conversion, it's a no-fee conversion, but the conversion rates are terrible. Either way, I think people will know soon enough and it'll become common knowledge, and perhaps Circle will reword their 'no fees' plan or keep the spread as low as possible. I mean, I can't blame them taking 0.1% to act as a brokerage and pay this fee to bitstamp, for example. Even if they do have a spread, the fact there's competition between Circle and Coinbase on whether it's 0.1 or 1% in fees, is great. We'll see fees go down due to competition.
But we'll see soon enough. There will be people getting invites this week who can talk more about this, doubt they'll have these people sign an NDA...
@_date: 2014-04-09 16:54:55
Alright... it's clear trying to discuss anything with you was a mistake :-\
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:41:34
No it doesn't, but it does allow you to say, if I had to choose either one (because the **choice** is mutually exclusive, you either have to reimburse some amount or reimburse no amount) then the moral thing to do is to choose the one with the greater moral value.
It's hard to objectively determine this, but in this particular case I think it's pretty clear cut. We have 10 thousand times as many fees sent as intended, obviously these weren't meant to be miner fees and the miners were never morally entitled to the fees. Sending them back is the most moral choice of the two and in this particular case easily outweighs the morality of sticking to your agreements, I'd say.
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:02:40
Well two things. Debt is integral to our current economic system, but there's no inherent reason why this system can't change or why the current system is the best one. Less debt-driven economies could work out much better.
And secondly, debt would still be entirely possible. If a bank holds 100 bitcoins, sure it can lend it to you, and you'll pay it back at a later date, that's still possible. But it's no longer possible for the federal reserve to just create $1 trillion dollars out of nowhere and wire it to the bank, and for him to lend it to you even though he borrowed it from the fed who just made it appear out of nowhere in the first place.
I think that's a positive thing :) Our money doesn't devalue over time, we can't recklessly finance foreign wars with borrowed money, and we can't import more than we export for decades in return for money printed out of nowhere and we can't create money and pump it into an industry or lend it out recklessly and create asset bubbles like the housing crisis. It means we have to be much more sensible about our money, how we spend it and to whom we lend it.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:59:47
It's an interesting question. For one, we can spend coin horizontally. (e.g. spend it and buy it back straight away, near 0 miss-out-on-appreciation exposure.)
But the more realistic scenario is that users won't really do that in general. If they do, they generally could continue using fiat currency for such transactions.
I'm interested to see some people address the idea of bitcoin in 2020. What does it look like. We've heard top bitcoin people say it's either all or nothing because it's based on network effects. So in a scenario where bitcoin adoption goes well, we see an increasing population, economy, adoption, but a deflationary coin. There's no real other way than that it goes up, and I'm not sure if that's a good characteristic of a currency to be frank.
@_date: 2014-05-16 20:51:07
I'm happy to hear arguments to conclusions. It's very easy to have said about twitter that it wouldn't become a big platform, it was basically a way to put lots of SMS messages on your own profile page, as a concept looked at superficially most people would've regarded it as absolute crap. I think Circle looks much more interesting on day 1 than twitter did.
That doesn't mean Circle will succeed, not at all, there's no certainty of that at all. But to dismiss this notion that Circle can become a big platform already without any arguments is naive.
Besides this, I named the biggest platforms as they're recognisable and let me make a point. But there are plenty of other lesser known and much smaller platforms that have no subscriptions or fees, yet make money in other ways. 
Circle literally calls itself a platform on its own website and is referred to as a platform in the media. 
As for 'bro, ads', that's exactly what facebook, skype, twitter and google do to make the bulk of their freemium money... (ironically, bitcoin is sometimes heralded as a new way to monetize the web with micropayments allowing companies to do away with ads, yet circle as a bitcoin transaction platform might opt for ads at some point haha)
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:33:46
Impressive. Between Feb 26 and March 31 ('bout 32 days) they added 100k users. And between April 1st and April 27th they did the same amount, this time in only 27 days.
At this rate they more than triple each year. Good stuff :) 
In six months from now they should hit 2m wallets. Let's hope they'll do at least that.
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:19:18
Anyone going to report on this for reddit? :) i volunteer to do reddit reporting if anyone wants to put 0.15 btc together for train tickets. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 11:04:42
Some thoughts to add to this article: TL;DR
* There are only 1m bitcoin users today, 1 billion in 10 years isn't far off, Facebook took exactly 10 years, we'd take 15. That's a 1000x increase.
* As there are very few places to use bitcoin (e.g. 4.000 physical, 70k online, while the US alone has 30.000.000 firms), it's likely per-person bitcoin use will go up by a factor of 10-50, too. (e.g. annually I spend $100 in bitcoin payments, but earn and spend roughly $30.000. This gap will become smaller as merchant adoption increases.) 
* You now have a feasible 1000x as many users, and at least 10x more use per person than today, or a 10k increase in total trade volume. As there are economic ties between daily trade and price, the price has to go up. (available tokens stay the same, trade goes up, thus either tokens have to increase or the value of tokens have to increase for it to work.) A 10k increase would put a bitcoin at roughly $5m, but as we will have 2x as many tokens, closer to $2.5m. 
In other words, 1m isn't so strange. I think it's pretty unrealistic, because franky bitcoin itself is unrealistic, it's hard to fathom it working in the first place but it does. A lot of things can go wrong in the mean time, a lot of hurdles still have to be overcome and I'm generally a skeptic and all this is based on the notion of bitcoin succeeding, which isn't a certainty at all. But a 10k or 50k bitcoin seems pretty inevitable in a 10y span, which is a ridiculously good investment. And that's why I personally put $5k into bitcoin, because I can easily see it go to $50k in 10 years. Not a goldmine by any standard but it seems to me the best way to invest my money, with potential to go beyond 100k without any real stretch of imagination. 
Some quick thoughts. It's estimated there are about 5m bitcoin wallets out there right now. Most of them are actually (near) empty or duplicate wallets. (e.g. I have 5 wallets myself, 3 empty) and there may be about 1m bitcoin users right now.
So 1m users right now. Imagine bitcoin would gets as many users as Facebook which has 1 billion monthly *active* users. That's quite feasible. More people do payments than socialize on facebook. And then there's the timeframe, in 10 years, 1 billion users wouldn't be strange if bitcoin succeeds as there will be more people and more internet-connected people and more digitally-cultured people.
So say 1b users. That's up 1000x from today. That already puts prices at over half a million.
But let's consider a final thought: what actually drives value? Susan Athey (professor at Stanford) has talked about this. Imagine this, there are 1000 tokens of currency (e.g. pebbles) in a small community of 10 people. Say every person in that community wants to buy some food, some entertainment, some clothing etc to the tune of 10 tokens a day. Together they spend 100 tokens to eachother every day. So far, so good. But on a monthly basis, they spend 3.000 tokens, 3x more than the entire supply of 1000 tokens! As such, each token is spent multiple times. Now imagine they want to trade 10.000 tokens every day, suddenly that's very tricky. The only solution is to increase the price of the tokens by 100x meaning you can trade exactly as much with only 1/100th of the tokens. That's pretty much the story of inflation and deflation. If you inflate the amount of tokens, you need fewer to do the same amount of trade so the value drops. If you decrease the amount of tokens, you have fewer available to do the same amount of real trade, so the value has to increase. 
So the amount of actual trade that is conducted with bitcoin has a huge effect on the price. Now let's go back to those 1m users, how much of their daily trade is actually performed in bitcoin? Not much. I have between 10 and 100 bitcoin, but I barely use it. There aren't that many merchants, only 75.000 worldwide, so only about 400 per country that accept bitcoin. By comparison, the US has nearly 30 million companies. In other words, the 1m users today probably barely use bitcoin for more than 1% of their annual average payments. Almost nobody pays housing, utility and insurance or groceries with bitcoin, so that's already 75% of all payments not done in bitcoin. In other words, if the 1m current users paid all their rent and utilities in bitcoin (easy monthly payments to a few large companies, pretty easy to set up compared to trying to implement bitcoin at tens of thousands of starbucks locations for example), you already see usage go up tenfold because of how little bitcoin is used today, which has an impact on the price.
@_date: 2014-12-11 04:39:25
Really ace move. It's clear that under the new CEO MS has really tried to up its 'developer image', become a bit more indie and a bit less corporate. But I hadn't expected some senior manager at MS payments to OK this one this soon, before companies like Google or Steam.
Looking forward to the press on this one. Surely we'll have some MS employee join the next conference to speak on why they did it and how they're looking at bitcoin and that this is their first foray into experimenting with it. The usual stuff.
@_date: 2014-08-11 23:50:39
It's pretty clear they're not, we can see them on the blockchain. There's been a lot of analysis to show that these were Mt.Gox's coins.
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:14:53
The thing I find interesting about Bitcoin is that the early adopters/miners/receivers, in short, holders of large amounts of bitcoin (more than 1 hundred, 1 thousand or even more than 100 thousand BTC) only stood to gain by developing Bitcoin. If the protocol was never built, exchanges never invested in, wallets never created, payment processors never created, Bitcoin would be worth a few cents. 
This is still true today to some extent, although not nearly as much as in the early days. Anyone determined enough in a western country could get his hands on 5-10 BTC, and if Bitcoin does well, they stand to multiply that investment, likely by an order of magnitude at least in a timeframe of 3-10 years. That's pretty powerful stuff, Bitcoin is like one big startup where nobody has a salary but everyone has a stock. The only way to gain is by building products and services that people want and value. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 11:55:54
Way to miss the point.
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:58:41
Think they recently mentioned they'd like to do this though
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:41:50
Multisignature is just that... multiple signatures required. Whether you give one signing ability to BitGo and let them sign or not, it's still multisignature, but you don't have to do that. You can also keep all keys yourself. But the cool part about multisignature is that you DON'T own all the keys.
If you want to own all the keys, you can just split them up..
e.g. if my password is 123456789, I can just put 123 in one safety deposit box, 456 in the other and 789 in another. And evertime I want to send money I need to collect the passwords. You can do that with 1 signature, 1 password, 1 private key.
Multisignature is different, the whole idea is that you don't hold all the keys. If you do, you might as well just use 1 key.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:52:58
I hope at some point they'll do something similar to Gyft: discount bitcoin users.
After all, the 2.9% + 30 cents they charge is mostly creditcard stuff. On bitcoin transactions they pay about 10 cents. So they can actually discount bitcoin users 1-2% and still keep more money than they would from a creditcard transaction. 
It's a win win. Gyft does it. Overstock is experimenting with it. It's the way forward. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:23:30
That's what he means by 'at will' (of the consensus of bitcoin miners)
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:01:33
What they should do is:
Allow the processing. Report transactions according to the law. (e.g. above $10k). Then, if a formal police investigation is initiated against Alex Green, comply with any relevant laws to hand over data.
Beyond that, protect your user's privacy according to the law and don't play Sheriff. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:22:41
No. If it's profitable because bitcoin rises in value then you should have just spent bitcoin.
At the end of the day it's mostly an investment of 0.75 bitcoin versus earnings of less than 0.75 bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 11:19:15
Can you point this out? I haven't personally seen examples of this that haven't been downvoted like crazy or outright removed by mods. In all honesty this is a pretty clean and well moderated subreddit, which is a great feat considering a lot of its users are very politically outspoken, often contrarian and at times quite fanatic about their beliefs. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 09:34:12
@_date: 2014-12-23 07:11:43
Thanks bud :)
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:35:08
No. Every person has duties and obligations to the state by law. You can disagree with those laws or not recognize them, that's fine by me, but under the law, every citizen has duties and obligations.
So when you cannot provide evidence of having fulfilled these duties and obligations, you can be convinced due to a lack of evidence. 
One of those duties is having to provide some form of evidence as to the legitimate source of income, as a means for taxation and anti-money laundering.
Again, you can disagree with the law, but until you rescind your citizenship and leave the area in which these laws apply, there are absolutely cases where a lack of evidence from your part can be a means to conviction. 
That doesn't always mean jail-time by the way. For example, if the police finds $10m in a criminal's home and he has no explanation to its source, he might just lose the entirety of the $10m of illegally obtained funds, but not actually go to jail or anything.
So it's up to the OP now to provide at least some basic information as to the source of his funds. Anyone who runs a business should at least be able to say who their clients are, how much money was earned, which services or products were provided. For example I write software for a living and tend to have small-time informal clients who sometimes don't even have a registered business or prefer to use an internet nickname, but I can still provide communications, proof of payment, proof of work etc, which is more than enough to file my taxes and show that my income is fully legal if need be.
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:00:56
Nice. Not the promotion, that's shit (it's a rebate, for one, and the rebate goes towards reducing coinsetter trading fees. In other words, you only 'get' money by not having to pay fees for a service you might not have been very interested in using to the extent you need to to get your money back).
But the whole Coinbase partnership is good stuff, use the ACH/Bank relationship of one company to fund bitcoin trading at another company. That's clever bootstrapping type of shit we need more of.
@_date: 2014-04-29 07:58:11
Few people are against discussing things relevant to bitcoin, but not bitcoin specifically itself. (e.g. a new touchscreen device that could potentially be reprogrammed as a digital currency ATM). 
But people *are* against specifically discussing e.g. other cryptocurrencies with little direct relevance to bitcoin. There are other communities for this. For example, if people start discussing zetacoin, its price, merchants that adopt it etc, it belongs in the cryptocurrency subreddit. If people talk about zetacoin as an example of whether it's a good idea to shorten block times, that's relevant to bitcoin and fine to discuss here.
So nobody really cares people are interested in more than bitcoin, there are subreddits dedicated to exactly such people and that's great. But this isn't the one. Why have two cryptocurrency subreddits? It's like going to a Porsche enthusiasts subreddit and trying to open them to discuss other cars in the same fervor, you have the cars subreddit for that. This is dedicated to bitcoin and things relevant to bitcoin, it's that simple.
@_date: 2014-12-15 15:43:15
Doubt it. It doesn't fit their current accounting systems, and it doesn't fit their business model either (which is producing software and hardware, not retaining investments in volatile currencies.)
I'm confident in saying one day they might, there's certainly no reason why they wouldn't ever do it. It's just way way too soon for a large corporation like this imo.
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:22:04
Sure, in isolation those statements are moral. But say I have an agreement to do whatever my father wants of me. We agree, he counts on me and relies on me, it'd be moral from this point, now that I've made the decision, for me to stick to the terms of the agreement.
He then asks me to rob a bank. Is that moral? Of course not. So it's now moral to break the agreement.
But that's the thing. It's moral to stick to the agreement in isolation. But in a certain context, it changes. For example you could say it's moral to stick to the agreement, unless the agreement requires you to take an innocent life. In that case, only one is moral, not both.
In this case I think it's pretty easy to say it's moral to send the miners all transaction fees, unless someone accidentally sent 10 thousand times more fees than he should have which is still his, it's just misplaced in our wallets but by no means they were meant as miner fees.
Look, legalities are a different thing but the morality of Ghash is pretty damn clear for me at least.
@_date: 2014-09-25 16:01:44
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:12:56
What a moron. Listen, I don't care about her, nobody does. 
But let's look at the facts here:
* *she* sought out an old retired man, pretending to be interested in his passion, trains. 
* Then after misleading him for weeks, intruded into his personal life. Then concocted a story about him having invented a breakthrough techn-innovation when he doesn't even have an internet connection in his home.
* Then she voiced this blatant lie to the world, even though he denied, when he didn't want to talk to her, and even when she had zero actual evidence, which she has admitted herself.
* What does this actually mean? It means she told everyone this guy was, among other things, the person who owns half a billion dollars in bitcoin. This both endangered his life and will probably cause unwanted media/personal attention for the rest of his life.
* She was then clearly shown to have been mistaken. Yet she sticks by the story. When the Bitcoin community at large raises tens of thousands of dollars for this poor old man within days, she concludes the opposite, the bitcoin community is horrible.
After all this, I think it's pretty easy to see why she's a real bitch. While I don't condone and do discourage any threats, I can easily imagine people being upset with her.
The whole puberty remark I think shows to me she hasn't a clue what bitcoin really is, ever attended a conference, spoke with bitcoin regulators, spoke to a VC or VC funded bitcoin companies. She probably thinks of it the same as a tech-illiterate parent thinks about Snapchat.
@_date: 2014-06-17 23:36:05
Slightly disappointing, personally. Less than 10k downloads (forget users, which is much smaller. e.g. I downloaded but don't use) for the only worldwide iOS wallet that was available for something like 10 days.
Doesn't seem like there's all that much interest somehow in an iOS bitcoin wallet. Another example of user adoption seemingly really lagging merchant adoption.
Still 10k is not bad and I applaud the app and wish you the best! It's nice, I tried it. Looking forward to new updates (e.g. scanning a paper wallet to sweep the funds, basic stuff like that)
@_date: 2014-10-04 09:57:06
Pretty standard stuff... I run a business and this is all public information, you can find it in loads of business registries, first and foremost my own government's.
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:10:55
Don't even think about citing a 2004 paper about mobile penetration in Africa mate ;) It's growing extremely rapidly. Look again and you'll find plenty of sources between 70 and 90%, mostly leaning towards the latter.
It's why M-Pesa was so successful, look it up.
@_date: 2014-06-04 21:10:45
Goddamn, virginity to a hooker lol. That's cray.
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:00:28
Of course. In fact they waived the pre-order fees of $15. So you could cancel after 3 months and have used the exact same card as before. Which tells me they really weren't too interested in lying or scamming anyone at all.
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:27:16
Neo remittance partners is something I find pretty amazing. Bitcoin makes international transfers extremely easy, but if there is no way to 'cash out' bitcoins, it's very hard for example for a British Indian to send money back 'home' to family and for them to actually cash out.
I still have yet to see it's business model though. Cyprus is one thing (financial problems = cheap labour/realestate for some time + regulatory interest in financial infrastructure improvements), it's an island of 1 million people. But running brick and mortar isn't cheap. The beauty of bitcoin is in circumventing those costs.
I really wonder what will be the way forward here. A lot of insiders are saying that exchanges are shifting to traditional roles. (not individuals trading or obtaining assets at the exchange, but intermediaries who can source coins there. e.g. Coinbase sources bitcoin from various exchanges and is an intermediary, making obtaining bitcoin a lot easier for individuals). While intermediaries like Coinbase take over the provision of bitcoin for individuals. But I wonder how that works in low and lower-middle income countries where individuals don't have a bank to connect with international variants of Coinbase-like businesses to finance bitcoin purchase, or sell bitcoins. Is brick &amp; mortar in every city the only way in some of these countries?
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:30:20
:D no worries 1 upvote
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:53:27
Businesses are much like democracies in some ways, if customers demand something, they listen, because businesses depend on customers. Sure it doesn't always happen, but it's better to ask and introduce merchants to bitcoin than not.
And it's not like they're being forced at gunpoint. He's merely pointing out the fact that bitcoin is easy, fast and cheaper than their current creditcard payments and that a customer would like to pay with it, and that bitpay means there's 0% volatility risk nor regulatory risk because they receive (and pay taxes) in dollars. They can indeed make up their own minds, but only if they know about bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2014-05-16 17:07:19
I'm not sure how viable that would be. It's very reminiscent of Paypal which would be great if it didn't do these things. And nobody takes paypal seriously when they claim no or low-fees.
I mean if you add $100 of bitcoin and withdraw $100 of bitcoin, that's impossible if there is a spread. It's immediately obvious and I doubt Circle will try to pull off such obvious fees in the spread. But we'll have to see, it's the most sensible thing to say right now.
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:44:18
It's so childish. I mean, I can make some of the same unsubstantiated insults about your visits to the bitcoin sub. You're lonely blablabla. I mean, come on, give me a break. It's silly.
Fact is, a lot of people have a lot of enthusiasm about bitcoin beyond its investment potential. I've not thought about a bitcoin investment in a long time, but I enjoy reading about the growth of a new ecosystem on a weekly basis. I've spoken to various people who are interested in the technology and the implications it may have, without holding any bitcoin.
But sure, if you want to take a dump on enthusiasts and make them out to be timeshare pump &amp; dumpers, feel free. Just consider keeping it to yourself. Nobody here is talking about 'how to convince friends to buy bitcoin'. Perhaps you noticed that from my solar panel example at the end of my post. These are simply interesting topics with many interesting angles that some people have a hard time talking about with anyone they know. It'd be no different from 1995 Internet, a bunch of enthusiasts that are met with a whole bunch of people who aren't familiar yet.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:47:03
I don't follow. The idea would be to have sort of a shared wallet. So e.g. you create a multi-sig address through say Google, which generates two keys, one is sent to you and saved in your wallet software, the other sent to Google. Once these coins have been confirmed the wallet is ready.
At this point, e.g. the next day, Google simply signs every transaction unless it's signed a transaction in the past 20 minutes. So the payer doesn't send coins to a multi-sig address for payment, it's already there. It simply broadcasts a transaction to the merchant, which Google would sign only if it hadn't signed those inputs anywhere else in the past 20 minutes.
It's a bit of a hack indeed as it requires a trusted party who runs a bitcoin service 24/7. I think off-chain transactions (e.g. Gyft bitcoin credit or Coinbase bitcoin credit) and verified wallets (Coinbase), or payment channels, or sidechains, or paying 0.5% for burdening the merchant with fraud risk (which compensates, e.g. less than 0.05% of fiat bills are forged, so merchant risk is very low), or simply waiting 10 minutes will work just fine. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 22:05:44
Tell them :D
I think (and can't blame them for this) they're targetting low hanging fruit though. It's just common sense to do e-commerce first. You can develop a software solution for 20 different online ecommerce packages and easily let tens of thousands of merchants accept bitcoin while barely doing anything. And every single merchant could accept any customer in the country or even worldwide as a customer. Bitcoiners can find them online easily. It's a lot easier than effectively tackling brick &amp; mortar so it's probably priority number 2, especially when they double their merchant base every 7 months or so at this rate.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:25:40
was real easy for me :-\
apart from the time my card got swallowed by an ATM :p They opened it and were like 'nope its not here', and when I got semi-mad and made it clear I wasn't going to go home they were like 'oh we found it' haha
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:53:25
Thanks Marco!
@_date: 2014-04-06 11:39:35
You pretty much repeated my point mate. As I said, China has little to gain from Bitcoin right now and that is why it banned it. I think where you and I differ is that I personally see Bitcoin as being more than a traditional currency. For example, it's programmable money. For example, when you get self-driving cars, they can drive themselves to the gas station and pay with bitcoin, drive themselves to the nearest human who's offering x bitcoin for a y km trip and earn bitcoin, if it has to deliver a package it can pay road owners to drive on the fastlane and pay toll fees for important shortcuts with bitcoin. Having a single, digital, non-government owned information system to exchange value is extremely important and this is just one example of things that are hard to imagine right now, but that most people intimately involved with these things will say it's unimaginable that it will *not* happen at some point. In the long-term I think China will see that the control it has to give up on e.g. capital flows doesn't outweigh the opportunities that bitcoin has for a modern, digital economy/society. Just like the Internet gave up many controls in China, yet it was necessary for a modern society and economy, and they found other ways to deal with any issues. Bitcoin can be exactly the same.
But not now. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:21:29
I'm not annoyed mate, but some whitelines would've been nice :P
Anyway, this isn't really good news for institutional money because SecondMarket already covered that with its investment vehicle. This is actually required by a lot of institutional money because, unlike bitcoin, the shares in the bitcoin fund are securities. Institutional money can't deal with bitcoin right now, but they can deal with securities just fine in their accounting and auditing processes. SecondMarket already covered this, and now they offer the actual bitcoins, too, but it's definitely not for institutional investments.
Also, it's not an exchange, you mentioned this. You also mentioned it's a broker-dealer, which is correct. Barry Silbert himself stated it's not an exchange, and really it's not because they seem to source and liquidize their coins at actual exchanges, they don't seem to intend to do matchmaking internally as an exchange would, they just facilitate the trade as a counterparty at an exchange, buying from or selling to parties they don't know (e.g. some random guy at Bitstamp). However they have announced the exchange for (after the) summer later this year. Indeed, what you said isn't far off, although building the order book is perhaps not the right way to put it. After all, they're a broker, so they go to an exchange and settle that order immediately. It's not like they're building up orders for 6 months until they have an exchange ready. But they are building awareness, relationships with highvalue customers etc, and that allows them to kickstart an order book much faster than starting from scratch indeed.
About Coinbase, it's a bit murky what they are. They do have a broker-dealer license and an MSB license, but the latter one, not in every state. I can't find SecondMarket's MSB license, by the way.
I don't think many companies have actually filed for MSB licenses in most states. It's not really a matter of the states granting it, it's likely they will, they're legally bound to as long as the company files the necessary paperwork, regardless of whether they intend to trade bitcoin or fiat, you can have a license and do absolutely nothing or do nothing that involves the license like trade cows if you wanted. The reason it hasn't happened is because it's still prohibitively expensive to do so. You pretty much always need a surety bond, and these can be really expensive especially for bitcoin companies which are rated as high risk by most surety bond companies and most won't even service you as they don't understand the risk.
Not sure to what extent regulators are looking the other way. I think rather, not all states actually implemented the guidance by Fincen. I think only Texas has, so far.
Thanks for posting.
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:02:16
Wow that's sick, I mailed them last week about this. Was hopefuly but didn't expect it so soon!








Treehouse Support
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:54:00
Sure, this is common sense, but we're still stuck with a huge assumption: ATM fees are mostly profit, and not actually inherent costs to the service. e.g. to cover hardware expenses, volatility, compliance, servicing expenses like cash pickups, insurance, rental space to place the ATM, time value of money being an opportunity costs of keeping large amounts of funds to cover operations etc. There are a lot of things involved, I wonder how they add up exactly.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:52:53
and publicly, over time, as opposed to in an instant. 
For example, there's $8 trillion of gold in the world. Daily gold trading is only about 0.3% of that. If you were to want to sell 1% of all gold, you couldn't do it, but it'd be trivially easy to do over time as annually $15 trillion of gold is traded, double the amount of all gold in the world.
In other words, there's absolutely no reason to assume there's going to be a private deal just on the basis of orderbooks which are snapshots of moments in time. It's entirely possible for Silk Road funds, or any other large amount of bitcoin, to be sold over time.
Then there's the fact that it's quite against government policy to sell seized funds privately. Normally, these things are public to prevent corruption and get an actual market price. That doesn't mean it'll happen on an exchange, but it will be a public process.
As for Mt. Gox funds, by law they ought to go to their owners, not to credits. In the same way if you bring a car to a mechanic for repairs and he goes bankrupt, the car is yours to keep, not for him to sell to pay off creditors.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:58:48
Sure, but that's the risk a lot of people are willing to take.
So far, it does not seem that hosted wallets at places like bitstamp or kraken are less safe than self-hosting wallets. And it's a fact that having your wallets at these exchanges gives you the ability to make meaningful trades.
The only way to invest without having your money deposited at a hosted wallet is to not daytrade but simply invest long-term. e.g. buy once, withdraw, then deposit and sell a few months later, with mimimum exposure. There's actually quite a significant amount of people who are a bit foolish in this regard, they don't daytrade but still keep their private keys with an external party. But for those who daytrade, is there any other way than to put trust in the exchange?
@_date: 2014-07-29 10:26:03
Let me put it like this. You and I have a contract for $100 of work. My obligation is to pay you $100. I can use a bank, bitcoin, paypal, westernunion, whatever. Or I can use 'Scam Delivery Services Inc.' which has someone deliver cash to your house for a 99% fee.
Would it be reasonable for me to send you $100 using Scam Delivery? You still get paid $100, only there's a $99 fee so you end up with $1. But hey, at least I paid my $100 dues, right?
No. Whenever you sign a contract for $100, you can't just expect the payer to pay the payee something much less due to fees for the sake of convenience on the payer's part.
You might get away with pushing $2-3 fees onto the payee, and for him to receive only $98 or so. But if you want to pay using the convenience of a bank transfer that eats 30%, then the payer is responsible for that fee, unless otherwise agreed upon in the contract.
So you raise a fair point, the OP couldn't shop around in this situation. But payment can be contested (i.e., if you go to the courts, if need be, the judge will likely say that the client hasn't paid the full amount, as the OP only received $35 out of $50.) It's up to the client to deliver $50 in any manner reasonable, with perhaps 2-3% industry-standard fees which may be deemed reasonable by the court. But 30% is simply negligence and the OP has the right to contest that. At that point it'd be up to the client to shop around.
@_date: 2014-03-09 19:54:44
That's not a great reason. After all, you can spend coin horizontally. Hold bitcoin, spend 1 bitcoin, buy 1 bitcoin, hold bitcoin. 
It's a bit inconvenient sure, but that small inconvenience completely takes away any risk of an asset appreciating by 10x like in your story. So for anyone worried about that, I'd guess they'd take the inconvenience.
I think the real reason is that an online peer-to-peer marketplace like Ebay is a massive undertaking. First of all, there's network effects because it's peer-to-peer, which means Ebay has an INSANE first-movers advantage that you can hardly compete with. 
Ah you know what, there's a whole load of reasons, won't type it all out, but in short, it's just pretty damn hard to get hundreds of thousands of merchants and individuals to sell things are your online shop in whatever currency. It's not really a bitcoin related thing.
@_date: 2014-05-21 09:38:40
Cool thanks :)
@_date: 2014-05-09 10:04:24


It has 1.2m wallets and 0.03m merchants


Not sure. Profits, maybe, revenue? Doubtful.


Not so sure it's far larger. They have about the same amount of retailers. But if you look at some numbers, in May 2013 Coinbase announced it processed 15m per month. Meanwhile, Bitpay announced in that same month they processed 5m a month. They also announced in Dec that after 2.5 years they processed $100m in total. While Coinbase did the same amount in less than 6 months.
It's hard to find proper numbers, except merchant numbers which are the same. But even those aren't hard numbers, as it seems Bitpay merchants are better verified.
Let's hope Coindesk can do some journalism on this. It's a bit disappointing we have so little data on bitcoin given there's no public companies and many big companies do mostly off-chain transactions. (e.g. virtually every exchange does off-chain trading, coinbase is off-chain, gyft is off-chain etc).
@_date: 2014-03-16 12:05:39
Im not saying metcalfes law isnt important for bitcoin or its value. Im saying that it is trivially easy to create network effects for exchanges, atms, payment processors etc to add e.g. Doge coin compared to a relatively harder task of getting massive network security from huge amounts of coin-specific mining hardware. So it is probably the latter more than the former that, among other things, allows bitcoin its privileged position going forward.
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:53:48
I'm not sure how it mitigates the damage, I'd challenge that assumption. It's not likely in the next 30-60 days someone would have come up with this himself *and* exploit it. But when you present it on the front-page of a community with 100k members, it's extremely likely someone will exploit it.
While on the other hand, reaching out to Coinbase (individuals) or non-Coinbase individuals who are in touch with Fred or Brian, with a detailed example of the exploit, probably would've gotten this fixed in the next two months. Hell, send Fred or Brian and all other employees 100 phishing emails on their coinbase account, I'm sure they'll notice.
So again, I doubt the exploit would've happened very soon after not being used for a year. And I doubt it would never have been fixed if it wasn't made public.
Lastly, the exploit could've been shown without detailing how. The unveiling of this exploit detailed how, what and why it's bad. I think the what and why were enough. (e.g. what one person did, show 2k emails + names on reddit and state you have them all. I doubt Coinbase would ignore it.) It's probable some people would find out the 'how' part, but not as fast as detailing it to 100k members of the community.
@_date: 2014-06-16 10:59:35
Q&amp;A only please :)
@_date: 2014-08-08 16:04:16
Good question. But my point is that if you want to buy a different currency, e.g. Euros for Dollars, there's going to be a fee. Just like with Paypal, that's all.
I'm not making any point, just countering your misinformation that Paypal allows you to buy currency for free. 
Buying currency is not the same as depositing a currency you already own. As in, if I already own bitcoin, I can deposit it for free at Coinbase or any wallet.
If I want to BUY bitcoin with a different currency, then there's a fee, just like if you want to BUY dollars with a different currency.
So really it's no different. Except that buying bitcoin can actually be done quite cheaply. For example, buying bitcoin at Circle costs nothing. I did it just the other day. Buying bitcoin at Kraken is something I've paid an average of 0.15% for. 
But Paypal? Well I have a business and I pay a shit load more to Paypal to buy Euros with my Dollars, as I have a company in Europe but also have US clients who pay in dollars. The currency conversion is a lot more expensive in fiat than in bitcoin. AND on top of this I pay about 3% to even get the dollars in the first place BEFORE paying even more to convert them to Euros. 
And as a business, I pay 0% fees to accept AND convert bitcoin to euros using Bitpay, with ZERO chargeback risk, and my customers don't even need an account or link a bank account with Paypal.
And guess what, because merchants save fees, they're willing to give discounts. There are tons of merchants who have 2-3% interchange fees + 2-3% fees for fraud and chargeback that bitcoin can eliminate. That means merchants can and do offer discounts to consumers paying with bitcoin and this is becoming more and more popular. We see companies like Newegg, Overstock, Tigerdirect all giving discounts. And we also see companies like Gyft and Egifter offer 3% discounts for lots of companies, even those that don't take bitcoin, as long as you load up the card with bitcoin. 
Case in point:  -- these are possible cost-savings with bitcoin, when you can save a 30c + 3% card swipe on a $5 coffee, you can start to offer 5-10% structural discounts easily, or 15-20% promotional discounts.
But more importantly, bitcoin isn't just about fees for people in OECD countries like the US or Europe. It's also about people in Cyprus who, if they have money in their bank account, it can and did get seized en masse (2012). It's about people in Argentina who, if they save money in their national inflationary currency they suffer 300% inflation rates. It's about the billion people whose means to storing money is  shitty currency in a corrupt financial system. It's a bit like saying 'who gives a shit about malaria medication, we get 5 cases of that in my country per decade'. 
And please remember that this is just the beginning. A native digital, machine-based currency, has the potential to be a ton cheaper. But it may not be today or tomorrow. Of course the first market is going to have large spreads, but as you get tens of millions of participants, the markets get efficient, the fees drop to the bare minimum of what it costs for computers to send information to each other: barely anything. It's like saying Voice over IP (Skype) is expensive, or realtime HD video streaming (Youtube), in 1995. It was. But over time products evolve, and if they're based on digital information networks, they become near free, like Skype and Youtube are today. It's frankly remarkable to see Circle already offer 0% fees, or an exchange like Kraken to already go as low as 0.05% fees, from day 1.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:07:23
Eh, I have a business degree and studied international business at three different universities on three different continents and run a business myself. I've got the basics of economics covered ;)
My question is, what is the make up of what we call 'costs of goods sold'. That is, the ATM service costs 7% to the customer. How many basispoints go to paying for the costs of renting a spot for the ATM, how many basispoints go towards paying to protect the owner from volatility between the moment of locking in the price and actually sourcing the coins, how many basispoints go towards electricity/hardware/maintainance, how many basispoints do ATM owners earmark to break even on the hardware on what period of time etc.
In short, if the ATM owners made 0 profits and set the fees as high as necessary to break even, what would that percentage be (= the absolute minimum fee possible) and what are the major cost factors in all of this.
I hope I don't have to explain my question a 10th time. I'm looking for answers, particularly from people who know someone who owns an ATM or run one themselves or produce them. I don't need speculation, I can do that myself, I'm looking for some data. If you don't know, don't reply bud. :)
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:39:53
Sorry didn't mean to come off arguing with your point, just wanted to share some additional thoughts in agreement :)
@_date: 2014-08-05 14:05:30
So your entire case is basically this: 
sending bitcoin to invalid addresses is possible, because here's an address I sent bitcoin to and statistically it's unlikely --although by no means definite or impossible-- that it's actually a valid address.
That's not proof at all.
Statistics matter, I agree, but it's not really my question. I was really just looking for an answer that'd offer mathematical certainty.
In fact, I looked into this a bit further and it turns out 1111111111111111111114oLvT2 is a valid address indeed, at least various sources agree. (e.g. here: 
It's likely nobody owns the key to it or ever will, but it's still a valid address. Similarly to how one might generate a key by flipping 256 coins, creating an address without writing down the key. The address is valid, but nobody will ever get that key ever again.
It is by the way possible to lose bitcoins, but not by sending them to an invalid address. You could however have a script that's never satisfied, yet is mined in the blockchain meaning the inputs will be spent and thus lost.
Thanks either way :)
@_date: 2014-08-08 21:49:00
That's fine. I continue to use Paypal, too!
Thanks for letting me know you didn't read my post. It takes my surprise away when you replied 'of course I read your post, why the fuck do you think I replied' and wasn't sure if I had made a mistake. But now I feel you probably didn't read that first post either haha.
I'm curious what you're doing in this subreddit by the way considering you don't seem to have any interest in ever using it. What's your particular interest for bitcoin? I thought it might have been something you don't don't believe in and like to debate (me and religion for example), but seeing as half a page is too much, I'm left curious.
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:57:11
I don't see how a bank or customer would be comfortable moving value transfer through a centralized and proprietary single node that they can't control or own created by a non-bank entity, as opposed to use either their own systems, or a non-proprietary decentralized system like bitcoin.
I had quite a bit of faith in Stellar, seemed to have some nice thoughts/team behind it. But this is a harsh blow. I wonder what the mandate for Stellar is if it's centralized, we really don't need another proprietary centralized Paypal-like API.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:55:40
I always try to be careful about this and think, if Newton was a raging nazi, that doesn't mean he was wrong about his math or his physics. It'd have made his views on anything highly suspect if he was so narrowminded on some topics, that's for sure, but it wouldn't disqualify him outright.
But I hear you, I'm definitely not eager to spend any time listening to this guy. I'll be happy to read a synopsis if anyone can bother.
@_date: 2014-07-06 12:15:24
It's pretty crazy not to have sold bitcoins you bought for a penny when they were worth $1. If you'd bought $1k you'd now have $100k, with almost NO place to spend it and a shit ton of risk left and right.
And then to hold on to $10... man... and then to $100... at that point, there were people who had invested $10k and now had a million dollars, or about 30 years of full-time employment. I'd say most people would have cashed out by then.
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:23:01
Absolutely. Some have done it for fun or for journalism for a few weeks and it usually works out fine, but requires a bunch of effort and a bunch of compromise. Like one journalist did it and had to convince their landlord to take bitcoin (it worked). 
For example in my city only 3-4 restaurants take bitcoin. But about 200 restaurants are signed up with a takeaway company that lets me order takeaway on my phone with bitcoin and get it within 20 minutes, and it's cheaper using bitcoin as creditcard charges about $1.50, which is not trivial on a $12 pizza. 
But in my city I don't have any grocery stores that accept it. (while about 45 minutes driving away, one does). So you'd resort to using bitcoin to buy a gift card, and then spending the gift card at the shop. Stuff like that happens. (and it's often cheaper. For example, using bitcoin to pay at Starbucks is 20% cheaper: 
Anyway barely anyone does this in full. Most people will e.g. take 10% of their pay in Bitcoin, or take it 100% in bitcoin and then sell 90% of it automatically every month so that they get an automatic paycheck in e.g. dollars monthly still. 
All of this is changing pretty rapidly of course. One year ago Microsoft, Dell, Expedia, Newegg, Dish, Tigerdirect, Overstock, Twitch etc didn't take bitcoin, now they do. So it's becoming easier to 'survive' every year :p
@_date: 2014-08-08 20:54:22
Let me know if you ever read my post before you say 'fact remains'.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:56:48
@_date: 2014-05-22 12:06:57
Cool how'd you end up in morocco? :D
@_date: 2014-12-16 19:57:15
There's a lot of cool insights in this post that I think can realistically materialize over the next few years like a Paypal bitcoin wallet for 2016 or Valve accepting bitcoin for 2015 or an NFC SDK in 15-16, while others like large corporations settling in bitcoin is a big if, and probably more like 10 years out imo, a bit like how it took voice over ip 20-30 years to go from an academic experiment funded by the US Defense department (NVP in 1973) to broad commercial Voip services around 2004 (like Skype which reached 100m users in 2006). I know that sounds pessimistic but I'm actually pretty optimistic about it.
1 upvote!
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:04:42
It's open like Coinbase is open, anyone can use their wallet. I do, from Europe.
It's open in the sense that before it was invite-only, and now anyone can sign up and use their wallet. Why argue semantics here?
I agree with the CC fees, they're bank-determined and pretty shitty for anything but testing. (We've seen some people in Europe use cards for free though, usually a debit card of some sort. But it's pretty limited and not official.)
@_date: 2014-06-25 12:56:56
I wouldn't be surprised if some big fish are going to sell in the days leading up to the auction, depress the exchange price by say 10%, then buy it right back and let the price recover by 10%. They gain nothing from this.
Other than being able to scoop up the auction coins a bit cheaper because they bidding will likely be based on some amount relative to the exchange price.
So it's a good time to buy, I think we'll see the price get back to $650 within 2-3 weeks.
Anyway, who really cares. If you believe in bitcoin and want to invest, you buy up to what you can risk losing completely and consider the long-term will likely see at least 1 order of magnitude and perhaps two or three orders of magnitude. In that context, 5-10% means quite little.
I really don't recommend trying to time the bitcoin market because it's impossible. If you want to buy, just buy, buy in intervals, but don't try to short-term time an untimeable thing where 95% of the investment potential is the long-term upside potential of 10x, 100x, 1000x ($5k, $50k or $500k coins), imo.
@_date: 2014-08-10 13:27:14
Got to say the Chinese are doing extremely impressive stuff in some of the most difficult business conditions. Kudos and much respect. Hope you hit Europe at some point with some of the services.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:33:55


And none of that bridges the gap. Again, Internet had 7x growth in 10 years, bitcoin doing 1000x growth in the next 6 years? 
I mean sure, bitcoin is more than payments. (non-payments utility is actually close to 0 at the moment, and core developers are highly skeptical about such 'bitcoin 2.0' like smart contracts, by the way.) But again, if you compare it to something as fundamental to the internet, most things bitcoin can accomplish in payments, smart contracts, smart property etc pales in comparison to the impact of the Internet I hope we can agree to that. Opening my car with a digital signature, or making an automatic payment for a coffee as I walk out the cafe without a cashier, are relatively trivial things compared to life without the internet.
So I'm not disagreeing with some of your premises here. Yes I agree, bitcoin can scale more easily because it's built onto of existing network platforms. Yes bitcoin is more than payments. Yes it could be that 80% of Africans have a mobile phone (I've visited Africa many times and have followed mobile penetration for years as part of an education into international development by the way, I'd challenge this, too.) I'll grant you that for the sake of argument. But I still think a 1000x increase in userbase in 6 years is pretty ridiculous. You mentioned cellphones, which had a 5-6x userbase increase in 10 years (1995-2005) by contrast. A 1000x increase in half that time, I think it's beyond optimistic.
Look at the Computer, Internet, Cellphone or even VCR. The first 1-5 years see exponential growth, if you extrapolate the trend and plot them they reach 100% penetration in just a few years. But they don't, they become very steep linear curves that take another decade to reach 70%+ penetration before tapering off. I think bitcoin will probably be a pretty similar story.
And that's awesome, I've got $10k riding on bitcoin and the notion it can even do 10x or 100x growth in 6 years is exciting to me, 1000x would just be a stupendously crazy scenario. Who knows, right? But I think it's not likely. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 15:46:26
0.35% fees aren't too crazy, very bad move?  Not sure. 
When you're handling $200m of volume annually though, their original fees of half of 0.35% is about $350k of revenue. 
That's just not enough to run a team like they do, they have about 10 employees that I know of, maybe more. And a software engineer or specialized legal employee (like they have) in San Francisco costs $100k alone per year in salary. They easily spend twice their revenue on salary/
And that's without all the other costs: office space, hardware, secured servers, bounty programmes, customer support, flying people to conferences or to speak with ministries of finance like they do frequently.
So it's obvious they're burning money at the moment. In fact they had a 100k a month burnrate publicized, i.e. they spend 1.2m more than they earn per year.
So to call it a bad move? I don't know. In an industry where we can rapidly see exchanges do 100x the volume it makes sense to keep fees competitively low and scale up. But right now they can't enter the US market, they're a HUGE and preferred market leader in Europe, so they're essentially raising fees in a market where they are the preferred company because they're an unprofitable business.
So very bad idea? Not quite. It makes a lot of sense to hike fees a bit and survive a bit until the next huge rally and wave of adoption hits, and until they can compete in other markets, or until their next round of VC funding for more money to burn (which also depends on a rally in adoption). So they're really just trying not to run into gigantic cashflow problems before they make it big. That makes a lot of sense. ESPECIALLY when you're a market leader, and especially when there's limited competition in their market, and in general in a market where you have companies like VoS do very well with 25% higher fees.
@_date: 2014-06-02 13:44:43
Merchants have all kinds of ways of protecting against double spends (which I assume is what happened). Fees are hard to fix because the value changes all the time, but the team is working on building floating fees, which is actually a true free marketplace for the utility of transacting money anywhere in the world digitally, which is pretty awesome.
That having been said, any consumer facing wallet is going to automatically add a fee. If you use Coinbase you don't have to configure anything, it's added automatically. And for people who use their own wallet and set it to no fee, the payments will be rejected by merchants, and so there's a reason not to be stupid about that.
It's not perfect today, but in a few years I expect every merchant to accept payments through a payment processor who rejects 0 fee payments, and for virtually all consumers to therefore use wallets that automatically add a payment fee. It'll be something that people won't even know about, it's quite likely in 10 years most users don't even know what mining is or that there's any mining fees, hell they might not even know what bitcoin is, all they know is that they use an app on their phone to pay digitally with digital dollars for example.
@_date: 2014-11-26 22:54:24
What's particularly striking to me is this:
Not that he doesn't like bitcoin. That's fine, you can have your reasons. I'd disagree and we could have a proper discussion about it.
But the fact that, as a journalist, he actually looked at someone breaking a rule, and then, again, as a journalist, didn't go 'why is that rule being broken?'. But he went 'breaking rules is bad, therefore, I'll report him' and literally nothing else beyond that or after that.
That's like a journalist looking at the topic of weed, which is very interesting with a rich history and many different angles, pros and cons, complex issues, interest groups etc, and saying 'x y and z are known to consume weed in a place where it's against the law, let's report it'. Completely ignoring that x y and z might need it for their medical care, and that Harvard professor ABC who specializes in healthcare just did a 20 year study showing how it's medically beneficial. And then he lobbies against weed, while not giving any reasons for it other than that it breaks a rule. 
That's just enormously stupid. You're a journalist, not a police officer. If all journalists acted like you just a few decades ago, a rule like 'black people can't walk on this sidewalk' is one that would be policed by journalists, who'd act as private investigators of the police, rather than questioned, explored, reported about, discussed, subjected to critical thought. 
Again, completely fine if you don't like bitcoin, but as a journalist you have to research, discover, ponder and report objectively at least to some extent. 
Isn't it pretty pathetic that a journalist uses a media platform just to tell everyone he A) thinks a rule is being broken B) doesn't explain why that's bad C) doesn't explore why that might be good D) doesn't consider why the rule is there, whether it's even valid E) if the rule should be changed and then F) hates bitcoin so much (why left unexplained) that he outright lobbies against it on the basis of a rule that hasn't been established to even be a rule we should want to have.
@_date: 2014-06-15 11:47:24
Just generate a private address on bitaddress.org, print a paper wallet, scan the public QR code, send your bitcoins there, then give the paper wallet to a friend of yours and tell him to only return the wallet to you if you present him with a picture of your naked ass and to make him talk you out of it if it hasn't been 7 years.
The trouble of going to your friend's place and scanning in the paper wallet, plus the embarrassment, will probably let you be comfortable with not using those bitcoins for years for small stuff... although if bitcoin does completely crash, or it goes up by 100x in 4 years and you want to buy a house or something, it wouldn't be a big deal.
@_date: 2014-12-21 21:19:35
Succinct. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 11:00:13
Does google every charge you for gmail, for google search, for google hangouts, for android? 
No, they are the biggest in search, the biggest mobile operating system in the world and the biggest email service and it's completely free for pretty much everyone.
Does Facebook charge its 1 billion monthly active users?
The biggest companies are platforms, and platforms often make money in different ways than charging users. Google does this with ads for example, largely, as well as by making money from the content on their android platform (google play store), but that's completely optional.
It's pretty much a red flag for 'any company looking to become fucking gigantic'.
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:46:00
Again, these aren't per transaction costs. Dividing systemic costs by the number of units doesn't make it a variable cost.
For example, if you buy a $100k car and drive it 10 miles paying $10 in fuel, your per km cost isn't $10.01k. It's still $1. 
Just like we don't use the dollar's costs due to inflation as a transaction cost. Bitcoin mining costs are network costs, regardless of the amount of transactions there are. Nobody actually pays miners the 25 bitcoin every 10 minute, they happen regardless of whether people are making few or many transactions. Yes, it's a devaluating force, but it's not a 'per transaction cost', these things are seperate.
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:37:55
This is very common, but yes.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:48:52
replace animals with jews and you can see how dumb this argument is. 
If it's wrong, it's generally wrong in small or large amounts and just because society takes no stance doesn't mean you shouldn't take individual responsibility.
You can say you don't give a shit about animals dying, many would disagree, but if you really think that then it makes sense you don't care whether it reaches critical mass or not. But if you do care, you wouldn't do it even if you couldn't reach critical mass. So 'critical mass'  or not becomes an irrelevant aspect of your decision making process.
@_date: 2014-08-14 15:28:09
Depends if you need a car.
I live in Amsterdam, I'd sell any car that I'd have as I live and work in a city that has excellent bike lanes, excellent public transportation, and due to its size is quite walkable.
But that's a completely separate decision from using it to buy bitcoin.
In that case, I would sell the car and keep the money, as I'm fully invested in bitcoin. Which sucks at a time like this, it's great to put in a few more thousand and make an easy $500 within the next week as the price likely bounces back. But I stick with the plan, which is that I've invested as much as I'm willing to completely lose, and aim for a 10-20x increase in the next 5-10 years. Within that context, $500 is something I can ignore. But ignoring the fact that I don't want to invest anymore due to the risks involved, is something I can't do.
So if you don't need your car, by all means, sell it. It's expensive to keep, maintain and use, and it's locking up money that you can invest in e.g. an education, a business, safe index funds or indeed bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 11:08:08
Pay $10-20 to run a node in the cloud. Look around a bit you'll find some nice ones that take bitcoin and take 5 minutes to set up.
Or run a Macbook for a month. This will cost you about $5 in electricity, and the constant battery throughput will wear your battery life down. Of course your CPU/HD/SSD will also be affected but it's generally not as bad. 
So generally I'd recommend a cloud service.
@_date: 2014-10-15 10:38:33
I don't consider the guys at Moolah 'friends'. Frankly the only time I've seen them post or say something, it was either something hyperbolic that never came true (ATMs, bug-free insane that will blow everything out the water), or defending the company often with ad hominem attacks or legal threats. Did you see the ridiculous video on youtube?
I mean, I have nothing against doge. Don't use it but I'm glad they're here and wish them well. But Moolah was a joke. Have you followed their history? It's full of deception, failed promises, lies, stupidity and trolling. 


Fair enough, but that's not the whole story. If it was a failed business, then great, they did the best they could. Problem is they never stopped being arrogant. They never stopped overpromising and peddling bs. And they never stopped being shady.
You've surely read the post you just replied to. How can you square they can pay back all creditors, are also bankrupt, can also divvy up remaining funds, all with negative equity? This is literally all from one post from them, you can't make this shit up. They're peddling bs.
Can you explain how they said a week ago that they'd launch a new exchange completely bug free - the exchange that is infamous for its issues, and where people's money is still missing - and hire extra dedicated staff for a low-priority thing like PR, and a week later say they're filing for bankruptcy? 
Can you explain how they say they've acquired, literally using that word, acquired, an exchange business... then shortly after, when lots of customers lose their money on this exchange and its funds go missing, they say 'we were never owners, just some employees, and we're walking away from this and I hope our replacements do better!'. 
Isn't it funny to you how they've lied about this acquisition, actually not being an acquisition at all? Isn't it funny how their customer funds go missing, and shortly after they walk away and explicitly express no liability, as they were just some employees, not owners who acquired the business? Isn't it funny to you how their business goes bankrupt and they quit, but the other business that they don't even own and thus isn't bankrupt, and is actually going to stay alive, isn't something they need to quit on? Can't you see they're just 'quitting their job' at a company that isn't bankrupt, after promising the moon?
This whole company is shady as hell. Its investors lost a lot of money, people who bought or donated for ATMs and various other products lost a lot of money, and they blew a lot of money on the most silly things like 'IRC soaks', where one moolah guy gave away $15k to 20 users on IRC just for being there.
If they ran this thing as a serious business, didn't peddle bs, kept their promises, didn't lie and be all round shady, I'd have said 'damn, this is a loss to the community'. I think we have all reason to be harsh.
@_date: 2014-03-27 14:11:07
If it happens in multiple large markets, then bitcoin dies in terms of it being meaningful and disruptive.
It means there is no liquidity. This means there is no institutional investment, causing the price to drop. It means companies like Coinbase can't source coins for customers causing them to fail. It means miners can't easily liquidize the blocks they find, causing them to step out. It definitely means huge price drops, it definitely means there is extreme volatility because of a lack of global central market places that are exchanges to set the price. It means ATMs can't source coins from exchanges, or ZipZap, or people at localbitcoins.
In short, it means bitcoin is dead. Yes, the protocol lives, yes you can continue mining. But bitcoin is supposed to be cheaper, faster and frinctionless. Without exchanges it's going to be more expensive, higher volatility, harder and slower. Because bitcoin essentially works like remittance today, a network of individuals transferring fiat to buy and sell bitcoin on localbitcoins, which already has way higher volatility and price-premiums than exchanges, but will only increase if exchanges are taken out of the equation for those providing coins on localbitcoins.
Listen, nobody is interested in shady, quasi-illegal practices of buying bitcoin from a street dealer, just to buy bitcoin at 20% market value, when there is huge volatility. Merchants don't like it, VCs don't like it, mainstream doesn't like it. 
Bitcoin would exist, but not in any meaningful way (e.g. hundreds of millions of users, then billions, disrupting entire industries and building entirely new ones) if the concept of an exchange is impossible.
Interesting question but ultimately irrelevant because I don't see it happening in multiple large markets. Exchanges being illegal would be extremely and I mean extremely strange. Banning exchanges doesn't fit within any regulatory framework, doesn't fit in any sensible notion of the democratic process or our notions of how we think economies thrive. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:47:08
The problem with blockchain-analysis is always: not everything is on the blockchain. That sounds a bit like a cop-out, if it's not on the blockchain then it's not bitcoin, right? But there's still a lot of things I think we can consider to be part of bitcoin that don't happen on the blockchain.
For example if we had 100 billion changetip accounts, they wouldn't appear on the blockchain. Not by counting addresses, nor by counting transactions. Changetip probably lumps all funds together in a few multi-sig addresses, so you might get something like 10.000 users per address, meaning if there are 3 million addresses with money on the blockchain, it could mean there are tens of millions of bitcoin users.
Not saying that's the case btw. I'd personally put the number of bitcoiners somewhere around 3m myself. But my point is there is a significant amount of bitcoin activity that's off-chain. Coinbase is the best example, it's very likely they only have a few thousand addresses with money on them at any point in time, despite having roughly 2 million wallets. Virtually every exchange: same thing.
@_date: 2014-05-29 15:46:06
Feel free to elaborate
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:07:52
It costs 0.75 bitcoin? Ridiculous.
Meanwhile cex.io sells 478 GH/S for 3.4 bitcoin.
Wake up people. And don't give me 'running costs' bs because GH/S takes a nice $125 per **month** for running 468 GH/S for electricity and all.
All public knowledge on their own website: 
Meanwhile, this runs at 360W which at a cost of $0.10 per KwH is about $24 per month.
9/10 cloud miners are idiots who get a crap deal.
@_date: 2014-04-16 21:30:03
An exchange is where the trade actually occurs between two parties. A broker facilitates that trade.
So say you want to buy some stock of company A, you don't know anyone who has that stock, and owners of the stock don't know about you wanting to buy it. So you meet at a central place where these stocks are traded (an exchange). However, you as an individual know nothing about trading stocks, about regulation, how to get a price, the logistics, the entire process. So generally you ask a stock broker to facilitate the trade.
That's the general idea. So at Bitstamp, you as an individual have an account, can deposit money or bitcoin and then place trades that directly interface with existing trades in the orderbook, i.e. you're trading quite directly.
At Coinbase, you're not actually doing that. You're merely asking Coinbase, what's the best price right now at actual exchanges, Coinbase tells you. Then if you want to buy bitcoin, you instruct Coinbase to source (buy from) bitcoin at an exchange on your behalf, which is what a broker does.
Here's an elaborate explanation of how the entire system works in full.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:54:37
I applaud your technological effort and hope to see more.
But, until you explain how it's any better than the 1000 websites, apps, widgets and indexes we already have, I can't say I'm impressed yet.
Keep it up!
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:56:50
The idea is that a lot of people get stuck with these issues for years or decades becoming unbanked, even when they get their lives straight and in order. With bitcoin you could 'be your own bank' which might allow people to do some basic things like accept payments, hold money and make payments, using bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-15 01:06:54
It sounds really silly, and it is, but I'd rather see sillyness on the right side than on the wrong side.
But here's what he also said: 


Now we all know on-top of bitcoin, without the on and off-ramps, you can pretty much build any financial service. You can build any bank, any wallet. And that wallet needn't be registered to a license or a person.
That's pretty profound and I think he'll backtrack on that statement and revise it with a ton of caveats. If not, he's basically said that they'll regulate the on and off-ramps, which still sucks but it's a lot better than what he first proposed, which was regulating freaking Armory, changetip and bitcoin qt.
@_date: 2014-07-06 14:27:18
Technically they could build it in a peer to peer way. i.e. it connects with the nearest node that connects with other nodes, eventually all the information gets back to a central node. If sent encrypted, that's a secure thing for them to do. As long as you don't live in the middle of nowhere, you're good.
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:41:01
good idea!
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:03:13
Indeed. The reason it's tricky is because the TOS refers not just to liabilities of Xapo but also of licensors, subcontractors etc etc and it's not completely sure if Xapo also refers to the insurance company (which apparently is owned by the same people that own Xapo) In short, it's more of a gray array than it needs to be, although I don't see ill intention here just yet.
Curious to see the policy myself, too.
@_date: 2014-06-22 21:00:24
whyyyyyy.... cringe.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:08:16
It's naive to only consider one point of view. I'm with bitcoin all the way and I appreciate individual freedom to buy what one wants. But there are other perspectives, and to call them dumb and then say legislation is useless because bitcoin can circumvent it, is not terribly productive.
It's up to you to think what you will, but I'd rather discuss multiple sides and keep an open mind.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:06:06
I'd consider using it if you created a public dashboard on all your payments. I personally think it's important at this point in the ecosystem to make people and merchants aware how much bitcoin is used. But using this, or gift cards, prevents merchants from seeing the impact of bitcoin. A public dashboard mitigates that to some extent, and it's very interesting to have such data.
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:00:55
For the same reason they're in China and the US market??? For the same reason any bitcoin company serves any market?
@_date: 2014-09-08 20:01:12
Great news but.... this video was creepy as hell! It's like a recording of a mindless zombie human cult with only buying material things on their mind. Not saying we're not like that, but damn, this video was weird.
@_date: 2014-08-12 13:59:01
I'm not stating anything about where mass adoption is easy, I'm simply defending GM's statements that Kenya is indeed one of the poorest places on the planet ranking 160 out of 180 countries in its per capita purchasing power, and a country like the Phillipines does much better at about 2.5x the purchasing power.
If you're wondering if PPP makes Kenya look worse, it doesn't, it generally makes poorer countries look less poor than they are because the prices are often lower across the board. In the rankings of nominal income Kenya still ranks at the 160 mark.
So in nominal terms, the gap is worse, the Phillipines earns even more than 2.5x the income of a Kenyan in nominal terms.
That's all. Neither I nor GM said anything about India or the Phillipines being ripe for mass adoption. It was merely said that they've got better infrastructure due to being 2-3x wealthier countries, both nominally as well as in purchasing power, and due to this better infrastructure they're better suited to benefit from bitcoin which largely depends on infrastructure in its daily use.
I don't see how you could disagree with any of that?
@_date: 2014-04-13 13:08:59
Right, I do think there are some formulas, or rather models, that can explain the relationships between mining incentives, mining revenues and 'rogue mining' (51% attack) incentives. But it's pretty tricky to figure out.
Your calculation for example does not consider the notion that the $180m valuation of today's mining hardware is directly linked to miner revenues and therefore won't stay the same.
I'll explain shortly: If the total sum of mining revenues is $150m, obviously nobody will spend $180m on mining hardware. If the potential mining rewards are worth $200m, it's quite likely up to say $180m would be spent on hardware to try and get it. In other words, people already spent more than $180m on hardware because bitcoins rewarded for finding blocks are worth more than that over time.
In other words, at your calculated cap of a $4500 bitcoin, the dollar price of mining revenues would be 10x what it is today. As such, miners would be incentivized to spend up to 10x more than what they spend today, in other words the cost of a 51% attack would be 1.8b instead of 180m. 
So, unless liquidity as a percentage would grow, a double spend attack wouldn't be sensible from an economic cost-benefit point of view.
As for liquidity as a percentage, will it remain 0.3%? Well, interestingly, about 15 trillion dollars worth of gold is traded annually. (these are approximations, while gold futures are known, a lot is 'traded over the counter', a bit like localbitcoins.com which is hard to measure). The total stock of gold is about 8 trillion dollars. In other words, gold has a daily liquidity of about 0.5%, quite similar to bitcoin. If bitcoin mimics gold, it'd be unlikely to become much more liquid (as a percentage, that is) than it is today. But even then, the point is that bitcoin after a double-spend attack is worthless, and bitcoin spent on physical things at a volume of e.g. hundreds of millions of dollars is usually quite reversible. e.g. you can't sell 200m dollars worth of bitcoin in a span of 30 minutes and expect your bank to ever let you do anything with this money, or even accept it or move it without verification of your ID in person, even if there was an exchange that allows such stupendous volumes. Between the enormous risk of investing in hardware that tends to become useless within a few months, trying to go through different third-parties including AML/KYC exchanges and banks, to walk away with $200m, the massive chance of this failing entirely in terms of logistics and exchanges capping your volume or suspending trading temporarily if you place an order for $200m, and if succeeding the massive chance of getting caught, versus the fact that $200m worth of competitive ASICs actually can make you more money than it cost in a completely legal way (which is what the entire mining industry is doing right now), it's just not a very interesting venture, besides it being completely unrealistic for anyone to drop a few hundred million on an incredibly risky illegal theft, to build $200m worth of chips in the span of a month you need to have a $2b factory like Intel has which are very long-term investments with a gigantic paper trail.
So in any case, I still think only a government could and would do it. But even that is just silly, considering again, bitcoin currently does 1/50.000th of creditcard's daily transactions and it's pretty trivial to reduce bitcoin's use in your country by criminalizing it at this point, without spending 200m during/after a global recession for something so currently trivial. In the very long-term, it will cost billions to do a 51% attack and it's likely governments spend money mining, too and so even for a government it'd be costly to try to outspend governments+privatebusinesses in the rest of the world, plus at this point bitcoin might be important to their own economies. Countries can probably spend billions to damage key internet infrastructure too, but it just wouldn't make any sense.
So I'm not too concerned, but definitely vigilant and always skeptical. Would welcome any points of view.
@_date: 2014-07-24 16:39:43
@_date: 2014-06-07 22:00:48
So how difficult would it be to build a consumer-facing interface to easily hook up your mining hardware to the system? You mentioned installing things, is it really much more complex than ghash? I mean, how does ghash hook up hardware to the system and why is it so different?
Also, does p2pool at all offer a 'hashpower' exchange? As in, can you put your mining hardware and mine for someone else and get paid by this other person, rather than earning block rewards, through this system?
@_date: 2014-06-29 08:41:36
A ton of fake volume. (the transactions actually happen but 90% of them are pretty meaningless as they're cost-free transactions, hence 'fake'. though not really 'fake'.
Let's be clear, China isn't actually at 0 volume despite the government clamping down. They've actually got a pretty cool voucher business going, some are going international, some through HK, and some do alternative things like build peer to peer ATMs as a way of providing liquidity on the exchange.
But no it's nowhere near 6 months ago or near what it could be or near the numbers they're collectively putting out there. Most of that is fake and they're in no means a market leader. They never were a bitcoin market leader in that their ecosystem has always been pretty non-existant apart from the asset-class investor bit (which they did in a huge way, probably because everyone wants to get their yuan out of the country at some point and that's restricted).
@_date: 2014-04-21 15:12:42
Absolutely, I'd be very interested in a POS system. One thing that worries me is that transactions have to massively scale to keep the system secure. The way that works is that currently, transaction fees are about 0.5% or so of block rewards and block rewards are rapidly decreasing in a timeframe of 8-16-32 years. In 16 years, block rewards are less than 1 per 10m, in 32 years it's less than 0.1 per 10m where it 25 per 10m today.
In other words, if you want to create the same miner-revenues (the incentive for them to buy hashing power and keep the network secure to an extent) in a world in which block rewards are tiny, we need 100-200x more transaction fees. That means either transaction costs will go up, or transactions will have to scale by a very large amount. I think both are possible, but they're far from certain and the former would be far from ideal. I'd welcome POS efforts.
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:51:59
So farming and being lucky you get some rain instead of a drought is haram, too? Give me a break :P This is really far fetched.
What IS interesting is that there is a large and very real industry namely islamic banking, which is built on the notion of no-interest saving and lending, as charging interest is forbidden. Bitcoin, as opposed to debt-based fiat, may be an interesting option at some point.
@_date: 2014-07-03 22:29:43
Just have a chat with Barry, he's extremely trustworthy, commands a lot of liquidity (either through his fund or his connections) and he'll be able to tell you exactly what is and isn't possible. If necessary he'll be able to connect you with the liquidity sources he uses himself for his $70m fund.
Other ideas are these:
Contact Kraken, Coinbase and Bitstamp. For Kraken, normally they'll have personal, professional and enterprise options. And then they've got 'call us and we'll figure something out' but don't advertise this. If you can comply with their and Fidor AG's (their German banking partner) KYC/AML procedures, there's no reason they wouldn't allow you to deposit e.g. $5m and place bids on their exchange.
Next is Coinbase and Bitstamp. A bit weird you might think, but remember that they regularly process large volumes of money. Coinbase is known to process tens of millions monthly on its wallet as well as merchant services, and Bitpay does the same on a monthly basis.
Back in the day when exchanges were much smaller, Bitpay would actually sell their bitcoin privately. (i.e., a user pays a merchant 1 bitcoin, then worth $100. Bitpay would take it, pay the merchant $100, and then try to sell it for at least that price. Because exchange liquidity was low, he'd sell it privately.) It may be a bit unorthodox but I wouldn't be surprised if they'd be willing to create a contract with you where you wire them $5m, and instead of selling at an exchange, they send you the bitcoin at some agreed price (e.g. the spot price). In fact I suspect this may be where funds like Pantera and SecondMarket may get some of their bitcoin from, too. Same thing for Coinbase. You could likely fill $5m within a week or so.
Lastly, there's a few players looking to cater to enterprise traders like Atlas ATS. 
I'd start with just chatting with these companies. SecondMarket, Coinbase, Bitpay, Kraken, these are all companies I personally think are professional and adept for what it's worth.
@_date: 2014-08-05 10:05:14
What a scam, third-party fees they had to comply with, and they'll actually pay for the bulk of them.
To think I even bothered to reply to stuff like this 


This guy completely made up a story where VCs swoop in with $40m, force the company to hike prices on a debitcard despite great protest from the company. Upvoted like crazy. Man the shit that was peddled yesterday. Less than 24-hours later we hear what everyone sensible already knew: these are third-party fees, they're likely losing money on this debitcard, and it'd make much more sense for them to pay for them BECAUSE they have $40m in VC money, which is obviously not money to make a quick-profit, it's money you can burn while being unprofitable for years to build a business, hence the word 'venture', i.e. the exact opposite. 
And that's what happens. Xapo is essentially paying $60 a year to customers for them to use their debitcard because they have VC money to do something like that. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:21:43
You actually memorize that shit?
@_date: 2014-02-26 13:52:17
Interested here too, I've been using Kraken, love it, advocate it. But I only honour the truth, I'd like to know what's what exactly.
Someone on reddit saying Kraken is as trustworthy as Bitstamp and that both are as bad as Mt. Gox takes more than just the statement. Would be happy to hear more details other than just 'read the fineprint yourself'.
@_date: 2014-09-13 10:58:04


Alright, move along people. 
It continues:


Really? I could have told you that with $0, too, as can anyone else.
It then continues talking about all these flaws but mentions none, except of course having an overwhelming amount of mining power. But see, there are about 400 coins that have a market cap of less than $50k in total, where only about $50 is being mined daily. So their 'fatal flaw' is concluding that $50k of mining power beats $50 of incentives. No fucking shit. It's like saying I found the flaw in capitalism because when I pay people $50k an day to leave their jobs, nobody goes to work and there's mass unemployment. It's just a ridiculous contention and it's the mass ignorance + hype of cryptocurrency that lets people write zero-substance articles like these.
Fact is, nobody cares for the 400 currencies that have a market cap of less than $50k and have 0 businesses accepting them. It's the equivalent of the wall street journal talking about the viability of a 10 year old's lemonade stand business in a small town in the mid-west.
And then later he talks about security at centralized exchanges, which is a great discussion but it has very little to do with the title 'fatal flaws in cryptocurrencies', and certainly has nothing to do with a sub-zero computer.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:34:31
Good to know! I'm wondering then, how do you know an address is invalid. After all, one cannot take an address and derive a private key from it. So who's to say there is no private key that results in an address. Is there a theoretical way to prove that 1111111111111111111114oLvT2 has no associated private key? Also, how common is this. i.e. how many invalid addresses (addresses without a private key) are there vs valid addresses?
Thanks again
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:49:38
I didn't really like the table with the fees saying bitcoin has fees for domestic transactions but banks don't. Let's just say I'd gladly start a company that sends bitcoin around for free for domestic transactions if I can charge the customers 20 different hidden fees. 
Quick fact, annual fees are close to $100 on average for a US checking account. 
Overdraft fees, late-payment fees, interest rates, annual subscription fees, fees to be sent my transaction history, fees for a plastic card I need to make transactions but can't use for anything else, fees to pay a bill, fees to use an ATM, fees to deposit or withdraw money (I'm not fucking kidding lol). 
I mean the list goes on and on. Look it up, most checking accounts have 30 different fees, sometimes 50, I'm not kidding. And that's just the account, if you add a debit or creditcard to that or a savings account, there's a ton of other fees. 
e.g. 
It's exactly like Bitcoin vs Creditcard fees. Bitcoin is cheaper, but most people think a cc transaction is free. But tell me do you want to pay 10 cents on a $100 purchase that the merchant gets to keep completely? Or do you want the merchant to charge you $102 dollars so you can make a free transaction, because he has to pay 2% to the creditcard company for the transaction. 
Otherwise nice article!
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:55:23
This. Look, I love bitcoin, but all this anti-government bullshit can be stretched too far.
There's a press release stating 3 questions
* How to promote innovation
* How to ensure competition and allow new entrants with novel business models (e.g. bitcoin)
* Does our regulation actually serve innovative businesses
And what do you get? An interesting discussion? No, you get some idiotic knee-jerk reaction 'Government taxes to create a bureaucracy to restrict everyone and all the serves will praise us for it'
Give me a break. Reacting to any regulatory statement like this makes you as stupid as the people who cluelessly call b bitcoin a ponzi. 
Government isn't a priori right, nor is it a priori wrong. I can't speak for others, but I can absolutely do without such silliness. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 13:16:06


To be honest I'm mostly parroting some other guys, like Marco Santori, TBI, it's a pretty weak claim at this point.
e.g.: 
Not necessarily for the world, but I think it's fair to say that other US states are likely to use the bitlicense as a template, particularly because 'virtual currencies' as they call it, aren't a clear-cut issue that everyone understands, so regulators will be quite prone to firstly look at other regulators they can somewhat trust, rather than try to wrap their head around something that's very hard to grasp. 
On a worldwide scale, we can look at things like basel II and now III. Things like KYC and AML are extremely similar worldwide, and most governments and banks heavily work together and create equally strict laws, often because of the interconnectedness of the industry. (e.g. if the US has AML/KYC to ostensibly fight terrorism funding, then they require their EU banking partners to comply, too, else it's a silly ineffective measure.)
So finance regulation like KYC/AML (a big part of the bitlicense, really) tends to be pretty similar everywhere. In that sense I think it's likely that the bitlicense will be used as a template. Not a 1 on 1, word for word copy, but something other regulators will look towards for inspiration, for a starting point. And so if we can get the first few US states to build favorable legislation, I'd expect the rest to sort of follow, until there's actually a clear need for extra stricter regulation (right now, there's not, it's all preemptive). Hopefully by then we'll see a 'too big to fail' effect, where bitcoin can resist stricter regulations because everyone is already using it and major companies depend on it. (a bit like how net neutrality has a chance of surviving, because large companies like netflix or google's youtube depend on it, and have millions of satisfied users.)
But the template effect is a bit of a flaky claim. It makes sense to me, particularly considering how finance regulation like Basel Accords are decided by the G-20, and build on pioneering regulatory experiences of its member countries, of which the US is the most decisive. But it's not a hard claim with lots of evidence.
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:37:18
Well the funny thing right now is that we don't actually use bitcoin as a protocol. We just use it as some software invention, like an app.
It's a bit hard to explain, but protocols tend not to be used directly. So for example, say the internet protocol sends binary data back and forth... a valid complaint would be 'how the hell do I understand this email data my friend sent me in binary?'. But that's just the protocol layer. Consumers shouldn't really interface with protocols directly. They're a very low-level layer. Then someone builds an email app on an ipad ontop of it, and you can just read it in plain text and swipe around easily.
The point I'm trying to make here is, everyone is using bitcoins directly as if we were using internet packets directly. My mom has never used an internet packet directly in her life, doesn't even know what it is. But she's indirectly sent tons of internet packets. She uses software to abstract away the technicalities of the internet.
But at some point, we'll move away from using bitcoin directly, and move towards using it more indirectly. We'll use software ontop of the bitcoin protocol. This software allows you to make instant transactions, and underneath that the bitcoin protocol is at work.
How all of this will look is hard to say, nobody knows exactly. But we can already see wallets that send bitcoin instantly, and merchants that accept transactions instantly. This is fine for a lot of the smaller transactions. Whereas for a large transaction, you might need to be a little more trusted, have some insurance, or wait a bit.
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:35:07
I disagree, but it doesn't matter. Even if you're right and Paypal could be started by anyone, they still have 150 million users. Bitcoin has maybe 3-5m and people call that optimistic.
In other words, I think it's still great news that 150m people will potentially be introduced to bitcoin within 12 months in a way that doesn't require them to do anything extra.
@_date: 2014-05-13 20:59:20
Well imagine I sent my bank $1m dollars by accident. The bank returns it. Does that mean that its shareholders are screwed over? Does it mean if the bank is out of money and can't pay its employees, that the employees are screwed over? etc.
I think it's quite clear, money was sent wrongfully, so it's returned. If you work at a shop that you don't own and a customer pays too much, you tell him and give it back. And the shop owner has no right to fault you for this.
I think it's a pretty crystal clear issue. What I'm curious about is, is everyone theorizing on what is moral and what is legal, cause that's one thing. I think it's clear what is moral, and the TOS might affect whether it was legal. But is there an actual miner saying 'Who the hell are you to pay him back the tx fee I mined'? I really would doubt that in the first place. And if there isn't such a person, then why make a big fuss.
I mean, I really would love to meet the heartless son of a bitch that wanted those 3 bitcoin that were someone's savings when he obviously has no moral right to that money, it was a mistake, and not the type of 'I took a big risk, I made a mistake, the investment didn't work out' but the 'put the wrong number in the wrong form' type of mistake. 
I think it'd be a nice gesture if he sent $10 to the pool as thanks, no matter how small.


That's exactly right. But I think you really have to be fucked in the head to doubt this was the moral thing to do. I mean, really, you have to be completely detached from any form of empathy, honor or morality, to think you're somehow morally entitled to $1500 of mistakenly sent money. That's why I doubt any of the miners are really saying 'why?' But that's my opinion. Legalities are a different manner, but I don't think this particular example warrants quotation marks around 'morality'. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:25:11
Even if we didn't have bitcoin, 30% fees is paid only by someone who doesn't care at all, that's just ridiculous.
It's like saying 'I just bought an apple for $20'. You don't need some magic free-apple-machine to solve that problem. You just need to not pay $20, and compare prices a bit. 
If you had said 5-10% fees, absolutely, that's something almost everyone is still charging for international payments and it's crazy in an age of instant information networks.
@_date: 2014-04-27 21:06:23
I think some things fall into the real of operational risk and others common risk.
e.g. the risk of 98% cold storage, accessible with a 4/5 multi-signature, each signature held by different people located in different geographical areas, with the encrypted keys locked in private bank vaults in their name, is a lot more secure than Mt. Gox type storage. (Automated, online, handled by a single person, no oversight). The associated risks (or fragility, if you will) are of operational nature. If you change the operations, you can positively affect the risk. Coinbase seems to do this quite well, although so far it's all self-proclaimed, an independent audit would increase my trust another bit.
Then there's common risks and they're less interesting to talk about because they're common. So for example, you mentioned, what if Coinbase family members are held hostage. Sure, that's a risk. But what if Sergey Brinn is held hostage? Google can potentially cause billions of damage if their cloud servers are in jeopardized, for example. What if the private vaults (generally uninsured) of a bank are broken into? The scenarios can run wild, and generally they're not exclusive to the bitcoin ecosystem.
So I think it's safe to say, everything can go wrong, but it's pretty unlikely it will. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 07:06:41
There's no real technical distinction with the one being an asset and the other isn't. You can make up labels and call bitcoin an asset and the dollar an IOU, but at the end of the day it's just data, it's just different ways to represent tokens.
The real distinction is that the source of the money supply is different, but that doesn't make one debt and the other an asset. It's just different forms of supply. One is fixed, the other is infinitely growing and flexible. Neither is inherently better, but given the past decades, I'm happy to see an experiment with the fixed variant.
Saying things like 'if all bank loans were paid up, there'd be no dollars anymore' may be factually true, but it doesn't answer yet why that's so bad. In the same sense 'eating all the food' sounds bad, but if that keeps you alive, we'd all agree it's quite acceptable. Not taking any position here, but what I'm getting at is that it's more important to reason *from* facts and draw conclusions, than to simply *state* facts as if they mean anything. 'he ate all the food' is a fact, it's neither negative or positive, put it in a context and state your position. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 20:55:56
If you thought bitcoin was some bernie madoff type of scheme and were frustrated that it got so much attention in discussions, you'd vote it down, too. These are likely people with severe fundamental misunderstandings of what bitcoin entails.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:48:26
Build your own then.
Look, if you can find an API that records unique, real volume, that can be verified to some extent, they'll add it. Until then they can't include it. They exclude a lot of exchanges with 0% fees that have tens of thousands of daily bitcoin volume because it's obviously fake volume. Once you can reasonably track some volume metrics in an automated way, they'll be extremely prone to add it, but it's not that easy. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:42:03
Apologies. 
Bit of a weird acronym then! The E refers to Euro, not Europe...
@_date: 2014-09-29 14:02:20


It's not about what's 'better' or 'better for me', it's about what is true. You simply stated something that is outright false.
Now you adjust it and conclude that the daily amount of volume is lower than 10 months ago when bitcoin was in the middle of it's biggest hype bubble ever. I'll grant you that's factually true, but no conclusions can really follow from that because if you look at the charts, that's simply the history of bitcoin. For example, take last year September, bitcoin was way down around $20m daily compared to earlier that year of $60m daily. But that point was a temporary spike, a bubble. To have concluded then that bitcoin wasn't trending up but down would be foolish, and indeed it trended back up to a point where we now see early 2013's bubble be a typical day. 
Same with January 2012. Temporarily spiked to $10m and then fell to 0.5m and grew very slowly back to 5m in the 12 months after. In September 2012 the daily value was $3m, obviously DOWN from the $10m but OBVIOUSLY trending up, and up from a year ago. It'd be silly to cherry pick that bubble and use that as a benchmark. 
In short, if you really want to take the graphs and look at the numbers you can see that the trend line slopes up in the long-term view. Of course you can pick and choose cherry picked peaks and troughs like you're doing picking 10 months ago as a bubble moment, and now. But that'd show a very myopic picture.
Anyway we can agree to disagree I guess. I'll say this, bitcoin transactions are way up year over year, are lower than the temporary hype bubble of late last year, and daily usage and transactions are also way up perhaps with smaller transactions, which indicates growing consumer level adoption rather than a focus on bitcoin solely as an asset class investment opportunity. That seems quite positive to me, I don't see how one can disagree with that but alright.
@_date: 2014-05-26 14:29:15
Transaction fees, pretty much.
Some quick numbers:
Right now Bitcoin does about 1 transaction per second and tx fees are about 0.25% of total mining rewards. So to have the same mining rewards with 0 block rewards we need 400x as many transactions.
Creditcard companies can do about 10.000 transactions per second, and often do 5.000 on average.
So if Bitcoin can become as big as just 5-10% of just one of multiple creditcard networks available in a span of say 20 years, the mining rewards will be exactly the same at minimum, and perhap. 
I think that's a very reasonable scenario to expect. Or if we can displace 25% of all credit card transactions in 20 years, then bitcoin is many times more secure than it is today. And some people talk about bitcoin as a system which, when scaled, could do away with creditcards completely in 15-30 years if succesful. If it can scale after all, there's little reason for a less-secure, slower, less programable/integrateable and more expensive system like creditcards to be able to compete for decades.
That's the basic idea.


I'm not sure what you mean by this. Mining isn't really complex, it's extremely straightforward in that there's an algorithm used for decades for many applications and all miners do is run the algorithm over and over again, no complexity involved. It's pretty much as simple as trying to find a needle in a haystack, you just move hay over and over again. What happens though is as more miners try to find the needle, the stack of hay becomes larger, making it more difficult, but no more complex. And it won't get bigger for no reason, only if more miners try to find the needle. As such, mining 'difficulty' is correlated with the amount of hashing power (eyes looking for needles) dedicated to mining. If the incentives drop and miners leave, then it becomes easier to mine, so there's a certain balancing mechanism involved.
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:58:44
yup :(
@_date: 2014-06-11 11:49:47
He's just asking about it... perhaps because people don't want to put $10k into an ATM and have it shut down because authorities might see you as a money transmitter and require due diligence...?
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:30:57
Please recognize that you've been de facto brainwashed about what an 'app' is. It's an application. Applications can run in browsers, they can run natively as 'apps' in an operating system. In fact, many apps you get in an app store are just wrapped web-apps, where you don't see the browser anymore and the performance is as good as native (e.g. look into Ludei or PhoneGap).
While yes, I'll grant you that quite often there's a difference in the quality and performance of a web-app vs a native-app, they're both apps and can get the same quality and performance if done well. 
Blockchain.info's current web app for example is horrible for mobile. But the one in progress looks impressive.
Interestingly, part of the reason why wrapped web-apps and native apps are faster than web-apps is because parties like Apple restrict things like WebGL, which work just fine on all apple devices, but are intentionally turned off to prevent non-wrapped web apps to compete with their appstore, giving them more control and a 30% cut. Here's to the misfits, the crazy ones huh.
@_date: 2014-09-29 13:14:41
Circle really is smooth, and it looks nice, but if you're familiar with Coinbase, I'd prefer staying with them.
Buying coin is another thing. Instant and free purchases beats waiting times and 1%. Paying $10 when buying $1k of bitcoin when it isn't necessary just isn't very alluring.  
But transferring existing coins? I'd personally not bother. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 12:20:33
This might really be the game changer in terms of bringing bitcoin to hundreds of millions using the systems they're familiar with like bank and card transfers, but free and instant and insured with telephone support.
@_date: 2014-05-11 10:12:46


This is in reply to those saying we don't need a foundation at all, it goes against the philosophy of bitcoin. But that's silly. A foundation can clearly be useful, even though it can never truthfully claim to speak for all users.
I mean the Internet also has just such lobbying efforts. Who do you think is trying to fight for net-neutrality right now? There's organisations that are educated, trained and resourced to make a professional effort, while clearly the internet is a decentralized technology not really owned by anyone, let alone any of these foundations.
But none of that means I agree with the current foundation. I think Pierce is a pretty awful thing to have happened. It's fine for him to work in the bitcoin ecosystem, it's a free country and he wasn't convicted. 
But he's got a ton of dirt on him, you just can't become a representative of the industry like that in a role that's mostly PR trying to fight illicit associations, when you bring illicit associations to the table. It's pretty ridiculous and I'm frankly surprised the voting turned out like this, just look at Gyft's track record, it's such an easy choice. Even TBI is a better deal, he's not perfect but at least he's fucking normal.
@_date: 2014-05-12 06:58:34
Why not send money to Bitstamp and buy bitcoin there, then withdraw? Or, if you want to take the risk (Bitstamp is a reputable company, but you never know) you can send e.g. 2 weeks of money there. Buy 1 week, let the other fiat sit. After you've spent the first week of bitcoin, you send 1 week of fiat to bitstamp which might take a 1-4 days, and you use the money you left there to buy bitcoin in the meanwhile. Rinse and repeat. You risk a few hundred dollars at most at any time, but it's unlikely bitstamp will fail. It seems do handle its stuff quite well.
Or use the recurring buy with coinbase?
@_date: 2014-08-04 11:18:15
For me the Trezor is still pretty expensive at $120. That's the only thing holding that back. 
That, and the fact it's not extremely portable yet. It's portable in the 'go on a holiday, take it with me in my bag', but not portable in the 'going to see a friend or going dancing without bringing a bag, can't really fit it in my jeans' portable. 
And lastly, I don't use bitcoin all that often. If I used bitcoin multiple times a day to pay like I might use my card, and if it got super thin, and it'd cost $50, then it'd make sense. 
But right now I keep a small hot wallet of $50 I'm not scared to death of losing, keep a large permanent cold-wallet on paper, and keep a few smaller $100-500 wallets that I can use to easily refill my wallet. All these minor paper wallets are on a single page (with a strongly encrypted backup on my mail) so it's fairly easy to just take my phone, scan and sweep to add $50 to my hot wallets, strike through the QR code with a pen, and if necessary send back change to one of the other unused virgin wallets on the same piece of paper.
That's a setup that I barely ever need to replace. I've got about 40 wallets, mostly empty, like half a dozen pieces of paper, with an encrypted backup with about 6 months of funds worth. 
It's safe enough and convenient enough as I only make a few actual bitcoin purchases or donations a month besides tipping, so it's easy to keep a small 2FA medium-security hot wallet on my phone topped up with cold-storage paper wallets.
I'm looking forward to Trezor evolving and more frequent use of adoption warranting it for me personally. But for me, it's still too early. 
@_date: 2014-09-30 16:13:34


I think I've been pretty comprehensive in mentioning the risks, mentioning their role in the financial crisis, mentioning they currently carry systemic risks and even mentioned an example of how bitcoin's price was already affected by it a few weeks ago when leveraged positions were likely gamed causing mass margin calls.
But it'd be silly and myopic to throw the baby out with the bathwater. Derivatives can be awesome. Much of insurance is based on it. Most farmers nowadays are insured against bad weather, droughts, and can survive them, rather than seeing their family business go bankrupt, for example.
On that last note, here's a cool talk at Stanford about the guy who started such a company 
To say derivatives are inherently bad and evil and shitty because they've been used badly in the past is as silly and myopic as people saying bitcoin is bad and evil because some people used it to fund crime in the past that we so often criticize. Let's have a more mature and sophisticated discussion than sarcastic one-liners like yours. Saying 'yes water is fantastic, it's not like they're the leading cause of drowning' in a way that's not meant as a joke makes you look really, really stupid.
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:43:45
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:38:08
Very easy is a bit of an overstatement, but I agree with the bigger point for sure. 
It's the reason I wish, purely from an investment perspective, that I could put half my bitcoins in Bitpay/Coinbase/Bitpesa/Kraken, as they'll probably live on with blockchain technology forever even if it isn't bitcoin. Although I still feel pretty confident network effects are strong enough for this particularly coin to push through :)
@_date: 2014-11-20 12:07:09
This is really stupid ;_;
@_date: 2014-07-27 10:13:24
A debitcard payment costs about 21 cents in the Netherlands on average. There's no percentage rate, so larger transactions don't carry higher fees. 
But for lower-value purchases, bitcoin can be cheaper. e.g. Bitpay can charge as low as 0.01%, so 20c on a $10 tx means 0.01% is about 200x cheaper than the 2% debit fee.
But we mustn't forget that the customer pays about 10-20 cents too for the transaction at about 2% for a $10 tx. And so structurally it's not really much cheaper.
But for high-value payments, bitcoin isn't any cheaper. In fact, considering the merchant doesn't have to pay a conversion fee to Bitpay or Coinbase, but merely a 20c flat fee, debit is going to be a cheaper option.
Credit is a different story, but not really used in the Netherlands much. We have a terrific debit system for offline (pin) and online (ideal) payments.
So bitcoin is tricky in the Netherlands. It's unlikely to be merchant-driven, here. Individuals (like myself) might like to buy bitcoin for more financial autonomy and as an investment, and therefore incentivize merchants to accept it just to open up to a new base of customers. But the issues with fees and chargebacks is pretty nonexistant here. As I forgot to mention, we don't have chargebacks for our most popular pin/ideal payment systems, so there's little merchant risk. And in terms of friction and security, it's pretty sweet. Ideal uses a quick login + 2FA for example.
The only costs that can be annoying are costs relating to buying a terminal to swipe &amp; process payments. But unless bitcoin can replace 100% of sales on day 1, they're going to be paying that cost anyway, so it's hard to compete. And if you actually get multiple bitcoin sales an hour, you don't want to pull out your personal phone anyway, so you'll need a dedicated bitcoin tablet or something anyway to take easy payments.
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:10:27
I'd be a lot more comfortable with this if you took $100 up front, and had a deal that he'd pay out 10% of commissions up to the next $300. That way you're not totally exploiting the shit out of someone.
Cause right now it just seems you're implementing a payment option for them that less than 0.1% of the population can pay with for $400 and provide no immediate value or new clients to them. 
And it takes you about 5 minutes. Even with the 'sales process' (an email, probably mostly from a standard template you use) you're charging over $1k an hour for a task a 15 year old intern could do.
To me this is exploiting people's ignorance on a pretty extreme level.
I mean imagine this wasn't for bitcoin, but something else, like putting your business on Google Maps for $400, there's people who do that and we all agree they're assholes. 
@_date: 2014-08-27 17:30:05
Typical dick move. 
If you disagree with Circle in general and don't want to use them, you shouldn't have signed up. 
If you disagree with them and want them to fail by taking a tiny bit of their money they offer for free and run with it, I at least expect one to donate it to charity.
Have you done either?
@_date: 2014-04-27 09:58:07
I agree, but all those places to 'spend bitcoin' are actually all places that 'earn bitcoin'. At the moment most don't choose to hold it, but if there's regulatory certainty in most countries, if some celebrities start using it, if a bank or Paypal incorporates it into their digital wallets, you'll see that change more quickly. You'll have companies like blockchain.info who actually pay all their employees in bitcoin, who pay their suppliers in bitcoin etc. There's already some APIs to automate bitcoin wages but they're still being tested (e.g. BitPays')
@_date: 2014-07-13 10:42:52
Indeed, IO is interesting. In terms of storage, we were already seeing 4 cent per gigabyte in 2013, retail prices. At those prices, it'd cost about $3k per year to keep up with 1 gigabyte per 16 minutes at 2k TPS. That's alright, given the cost of storage seems to multiply by 0.55 every year. So in 5 years  (2019) that price would be roughly $85 retail per year to store 2k TPS. In 10y, the cost is only about $0.5 a month to store an additional 2k TPS.
If you add blockchain pruning to that (no need to save really old empty public addresses for example, if you keep the hash chain intact as a proof of history), storage becomes pretty easy.
Processing is probably the easiest of them all. Not a no-brainer, but validating transactions can already be done for thousands of TPS on a normal PC.
Networking is tricky, but storage seems harder. I recently read an article, last April, of a typical **coffeeshop** in Seoul which had 48 mbps up and down. Now of course, SK always ranks in the top 3, but 48 mbps is a ton. 2k TPS would be about 9 mbps. So this coffeeshop has 5x the up and down bandwidth of the bandwidth that bitcoin blocks supporting 2k TPS would need. Of course, due to the distributed system, each node has to broadcast to more than 1 or in this case 5 other nodes. But still, if a coffeeshop wifi can do that today, I'm pretty confident networking (~50% increase per year - rounded up 8x in 5y, 60x in 10y) can scale up quite well. If bitcoin doesn't take off, then there's no need to worry about scaling. If bitcoin does take off to e.g. 2k tps, I think we can expect e.g. Coinbase or Bitpay to run industrial nodes, in the same way that Youtube can power a sick amount of data. And besides these we'll probably have tons of tiny nodes that only broadcast to a few other nodes to form a safe backbone.
So yeah IO is a bit of a bottleneck I think. It's not cheap and of course the medium-term goal is to keep everything affordable on retail hardware. It'd be great to see the cost of a node stay below $250 a year. At that price, 30k nodes worldwide should be affordable as a community to power a global financial system.
 
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:30:35
Yes it'll spread but it has nothing to do with 'Africa'. i.e. a US product is much more likely to spread to South Africa, than an Egyptian product is. And a Spanish entrepreneur is much more likely to spread its product to Morocco than a Kenyan product would. It's got nothing to do with 'Africa' and frankly it undermines the countries in the content to pool them as such. In certain contexts it makes sense, but most of the time people look at it as if it's a country, which just seems silly having been to Africa many times and seeing the diversity between countries.
Particularly in the context of Bitpesa, which is of course not just any product targetting any old market, it's a product catering specifically to Mpesa, something not really found in the rest of Africa. It's such an extremely specific product to Kenya. It's like saying you built a product for ACH, something only used in the US, and then saying the product will spread throughout the continent, to places like Cuba, which, yes, is also on the continent of North-America. That'd sound extremely silly to anyone, but pooling all of Africa is commonplace. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 10:55:24
Why are you confusing entry to an professional conference with speaking to someone?
I really don't get why that distinction is so hard. It's like hearing your idol is taking a trip to Mars and you want to let him know you appreciate it. And instead of just telling him at any point in his life, except when he's going to fucking Mars, you insist on asking 'I just want to be there and tell him he's awesome, do I have to pay for a trip to Mars too?'
I mean come on. Many of these people you can actually get on the phone or on skype for a few minutes if you ask or call them up. Many of these people actually reply to email or even reddit messages. Hell you can go to the conference and wait for them outside before or after they get in/out. It's completely unrelated to (the price of a ticket for) entry to something that has nothing to do with delivering personal messages of appreciation.
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:43:29
Exactly, and that's the whole thing. Look at Mexico's latest ATM, deals in altcoin too, because it's so trivially easy to add a different cryptocurrency once you've got bitcoin set up:
But as you say, the security is a problem. But don't forget, cryptocurrency security = miners. Even protocol development (e.g. people changing e.g. some altcoin protocol) is irrelevant UNTIL *miners* adopt the new protocol. So again, miners both secure the network as well as choose by majority-consensus which protocol is valid.
So that brings me back to my main point: incentivized miners with specilized chips are one of the most important first-mover advantages to Bitcoin. After all, while an exchange/atm/payment processor can easily switch to another coin, serious mining is done with specific ASICs that specialize in mining that single currency. They can't simply switch. I think this is one of the key bitcoin advantages.
@_date: 2014-05-10 11:16:42
Not bad eh?
I see a lot of these reports come out from banks. The only thing that irks me is that they don't have the courage to make some predictions and attach a big disclaimer. 
As in, it's trivially easy to describe bitcoin and point out flaws due to current low-acceptance, high volatility and few products priced in bitcoin. 
But it's a lot more interesting to also mention the actual trends in acceptance (up), in volatility (down) and products priced in bitcoin (slowly up). You can then choose to draw a conclusion from that such as the ones many of us make, that bitcoin is going to play a big role in the future.
It really is like the internet in the early 90s. Downloading a newspaper took 4 hours, the internet for 4 hours cost $60 and the computer cost $5000. The newspaper was text-only without formatting. And while downloading you couldn't use your phone. It'd have been trivially easy, and awfully myopic, to point out just its flaws, but not the trends. The trends would've been that download speeds went up, download costs were down, computer costs were down, rich-media was on the horizon and the network could be built in a way that didn't require your phone line. In other words, looking at the trends allowed you to see the Internet's impending importance. 
Guess what all these reports focus on? Not the trends, sadly. But we'll get there. Such basic reports coming out left and right would've been inconceivable a few years ago.
@_date: 2014-04-21 12:25:30
That's briefly covered, too, because the motive is much smaller. 
Of course, one could do a 51% attack just to shut down bitcoin, but then we're talking an extremely malicious government shutting down a service that currently does less than 1/50.000th of all creditcard transactions and spending hundreds of millions of dollars doing this which is not easy to hide or justify. Why would you do it, to prevent circumvention of capital controls? Meanwhile, all you really had to do is criminalize bitcoin in your country or prevent certain things like banks servicing bitcoin exchanges (e.g. the China situation) to massively reduce bitcoin's impact.
The key point here is that bitcoin is nothing, yet it costs a few hundred million dollars to do a 51% attack and the hashrate required is growing exponentially (2x what it was in March, 6x what it was in January) even while bitcoin's price dropped by 50% since january.
When I say bitcoin is nothing, I mean it does less than 1/50.000th of what creditcards do, let alone debitcards, cash, or interbanking transactions (e.g. SEPA) which are bigger than creditcards. If 1/100 is a percent, 1/10.000 is a percent of a percent, so bitcoin does a fraction of a percent of a percent of only a fraction of our payment systems (creditcards only). 
So it's completely ridiculous to expect someone like Bill Gates to drop a few hundred million cash in a chip factory that costs a multitude of the cost of building the chips itself, to then administer and run thousands of ASICs in a venture that leaves a huge papertrail. He would throw away a shitton of money and time. Considering a 51% attack to destroy bitcoin would bankrupt hundreds of bitcoin companies, many of them backed by VC investments (100m VC investments for 2013, 300m VC runrate for 2014), many of them working with large banks, as well as ruin various merchants, bankrupt thousands of individuals and lose 1m+ individuals all their bitcoin holdings, this person faces huge amount of heat from both small and large parties, some of whom have nothing to lose, resulting in certain legal headaches and likely threats to ones life if found out. And the odds of being found out after dropping a few hundred million are not unlikely. All to destroy a cool open-source invention that currenty can't even begin to make a small dent in the global payment system.
It's a bit like wondering whether bill gates hires a private army of 1.000 mercenaries to nuke the Google HQ, only then Google is not Google, it's some absurdly tiny internet company. Yes, it's financially possible, yes there's some people on the planet that have serious money and have interests that may exclude Google, but it still won't happen. 
If bitcoin ever comes to generate e.g. 1/100th of the global payment system, the cost of a 51% attack is likely to go up to tens of billions, at which point only governments could even think about trying this, and these governments would shoot themselves in the foot (like trying to shut down the internet, it'd hurt any country on earth except NK). But even then, a political/diplomatic resolution (e.g. criminalizing bitcoin) would be much easier, cheaper and more effective in the long-run.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:44:59
Hehe, well if you ever want to come over, rejoice in the fact that pretty much everyone speaks English and many studies show Amsterdam is the city with the most nationalities in the world, it's very diverse and language ability is the least of your worries.
Oh and I don't even smoke either ;) 
Van XXX, I've just been able to narrow your identity down to 10 million people haha!
What part of Africa? SA?
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:24:12
It's a tradeoff. I think we can pretty easily solve transaction times being slow with many solutions, but lower security and more orphan chains is harder to solve. I'd rather err on the side we do now and keep 10m confirmations.
@_date: 2014-06-28 20:33:59
Great outcome. Hope more will follow.
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:01:49
What I don't get is this. If MtGox really had users' bitcoins on the blockchain, why wouldn't they just buy this from their own users, then sell the BTC at any other exchange?
They could become solvent in no time, stabilize the price and allow users to get rid of the bitcoin they've currently got stuck in MtGox. The huge profit MtGox makes on these trades allows them to allow users to withdraw their cash. 
If a user sells 1 BTC for $300 on MtGox, MtGox can sell it for $650 at any other exchange. MtGox then can allow the user to withdraw $300 of that sale, user is 'happy', and MtGox just made $350 for free, stabilized the price, cleared the backlog, satisfied a user and got closer to solvency. For every two Bitcoin MtGox buys from its own users and sells somewhere else, they make enough money to essentially buy 1 free Bitcoin. 
They can become solvent overnight. Besides this, they've got insane volume across the board, they made a few million in fees since this whole ordeal started. And if every other exchange can fix the tx mal issue in 48 hours, MtGox could surely do it in 14 days.
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:04:01
No. Interest rates will come down a bit, inflation will rise a bit. The effects won't be huge.
From my other post:








@_date: 2014-05-20 09:10:55
But they didn't widely advertise. They pretty much had 1 website, went to 1 conference to come out of stealth by showing a demo of their product, and said they're going to do a slow limited soft-launch sometime soon.
They provided no dates, no deadlines, no promises, didn't say everyone can sign up. They were very clear, limited invite-only sometime soon. They've been clear about that, and they've done nothing more. They didn't say one thing and do another, where do people get this from?
It's like I missed the superbowl ad where they were saying they'd make it rain $10 bills on everyone and anyone who signed up starting that very same day. That's what people make it sound like.
@_date: 2014-06-12 21:58:07
You're not seeing my point.
Take a ponzi. The idea is, early people put money in and gain more money, late people put money in and lose money.
So giving an example where you're gaining money doesn't say anything. It's exactly my point. 
The key thing to remember is that the difficulty rate is rising EXPONENTIALLY. That means a GH/S is going to lose value exponentially because the amount 1 GH/S will generate in rewards drops exponentially.
In other words, at some point there's going to be a huge selloff and people will have to sell their GH/S at way less than they bought it for, so little that combined with their block rewards they've actually lost money.
Think it through and read some of my other posts.
@_date: 2014-06-22 08:07:33
This has nothing to do with the foundation, to be honest. It's like saying reddit should be treated with a high level of suspicion because anyone can become a reddit member. There's a difference between the foundation's board, and its (anonymous) membership.
You can criticize the foundation, I'm not defending it, but not for this reason. This was just a member. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:07:05
Awesome, did you see the documentary Spent: looking for change? It's on youtube.
@_date: 2014-05-13 19:45:03
Respect. Ghash.io should put these things in their TOS (e.g. will return wrongful transaction fees that are blatantly obvious (e.g. sending 0.0003 bitcoin with a 3 bitcoin fee) but otherwise awesome. I think this was obviously the moral thing to do.
@_date: 2014-07-07 15:19:38
Depends on the subject. What do you want to know about bitcoin? Yes there's a ton out there. For me I personally always listen to conference talks. Most conferences have about 5-10 hours of audio and there's at least 4-5 quality conferences per year for the past 2-3 years. Mostly on youtube.
Check out Coin Summit, Bitfin, Bitcoin 2012/2013/2014 etc.
Also look for worldbitcoinnetwork on youtube.
@_date: 2014-02-28 12:20:42
Fucking moron. 
How the fuck can you run an exchange which at any one point in time has 0.5 billion dollars, and not secure a cold storage?
Look at Kraken: 
All new deposits go directly to cold wallets — that is, wallets that are completely isolated from any online system. The vast majority of coins are stored in cold wallets, with complete air-gap isolation. 
Kraken's servers reside in locked racks, in a locked private cage, inside a top-tier professional data center: this means armed guards, video surveillance, retina scans, the works.
That's how you fucking secure 0.5 billion dollars. Cold means it has NEVER been connected to any network, that it has never been online. Storing cold in locked cages behind armed guards means nobody can steal your coin unless you and 5 other people in the company who hold part of the authority simultaneously transfer, through the secure blockchain, cold to hot, and only that small 5% portion which is needed for daily activity.
This is fucking BS.
@_date: 2014-07-14 10:33:27
Fractional reserve would be illegal for them **because** they are not by law a bank. You can't just throw around words like that as if they have no meaning. They are required as a MTB to keep 100% of reserves.
@_date: 2014-09-13 15:24:03
Link us :)
@_date: 2014-04-29 11:57:27
Love it, looks like the planning has been thought-through quite well. Especially like how many companies and individuals will be visiting the campus to speak on the topic.
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:11:11
I really love the Apple Appstore, to be honest. I think it's a great innovation if you want to call it that. I don't mind it, and while I actually never really use it, I think it's great, for my parents (who by the way don't have iphones) an app store is a great thing.
But what is ridiculous is that it's the only thing available. That's my problem with it. Android has thousands of appstores, and it allows you to install unverified apps and it doesn't frown on rooting a device as Apple does. I don't mind Apple products, as long as they compete in an open system. I hope this will win out in the end. The problem is that developers often prefer closed-systems because there is less piracy risk, so you get more and higher quality content with bigger budgets for iOS. There's tons of other competitive edges, so indeed I'm afraid we might be stuck with this for a long time, too.
As for WebGL, it's ridiculous what apple does. Similarly it's ridiculous it allows javascript optimizations for Safari but not for any other app like Chrome, on iOS. They're literally intentionally preventing applications to run faster on their devices just because it'd be harder to compete for them and this is a fact, not some conspiracy. It's quite sad.
@_date: 2014-06-16 13:12:26
I think that's a bad idea given the question isn't currently relevant :) If we use 10% of the block size now, it makes no sense increasing it. Increasing it would happen in say a few years so it makes sense to look at the situation then. I think that better answers the question.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:19:31
I personally doubt the price would move massively. After all, we already know it's coming. For example if I told you that in 5 years the dollar would be worthless with 100% certainty, the dollar would already drop in value today and would continue slowly dropping. In other words, it's a gradual process.
Secondly, bitcoin inflation is huge, but not compared to its price. This year it's 11%, next year 10%, in a few years it goes down to 4-5%. So if you look at the price, the inflation of the money supply should reduce prices by roughly that amount, right? But what we saw in the past 12 months was the price go from $10 to $1000+ and then back to $500. In other words, the price is affected by much more than money supply right now. Block rewards are a factor, but not nearly as big a factor as speculation on the worldwide adoption of bitcoin. So I don't expect huge changes.
However, there will be a bit of a perception of bitcoin reducing the inflationary effect that makes bitcoin worth less and less even if it's a small factor, there's probably some human psychology involved that will get people to think more positively about bitcoin's value proposition and so I think the price will rise a bit leading up to the moment.
There are a few implications besides price though. I think we can expect transaction fees to rise (by then they're floating) a bit, network security will drop a bit (which is okay, Gavin said it's currently 'oversecure'), we'll probably also see confirmations happen faster (as including transactions in a block instead of ignoring them becomes slightly more profitable than before), generally good news.
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:37:05
That's like refusing to use the internet because Paypal does. Bitcoin is open, anyone can use it. Paypal, as you know, has 150m users, a sizeable portion of that active. It's great to hear they might be able to easily use bitcoin. And it's likely it will dampen Paypal fees because if they don't, these people who now trust bitcoin will just switch to Coinbase or Blockchain.info wallets. Either way, Paypal has to improve.
@_date: 2014-05-14 08:56:55


Wow, relax. Just read what I said "thailand is not really bitcoin friendly. It sort of is banned, sort of isn't."
That's very accurate. It's not a country friendly to bitcoin, and some authorities have clearly spoken against it.
Now sure, there'll be a few places here and there that accept bitcoin but it's probably one of the least bitcoin friendly places around. I can imagine wanting to visit Thailand as a tourist, just don't do it because you want to live off of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-08 22:27:50
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:06:40
I can't say. If you run an e-commerce business you'll often pay 3% on interchange fees, like to Paypal or Mastercard or Stripe. So bitcoin can be cheaper because of that, but not by any huge margins, those must come from things unrelated to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:07:37
Ooh, sweet. Cause that's a pretty freaking gigantically tall order.
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:12:50
Oh... no you can be rest assured nobody is going to break your hash. Could you refer me to anyone claiming otherwise? Would be interested to check out the reasoning. You'd essentially have to break a specific elliptic curve cryptography that bitcoin is based on, you'll pretty much (not kidding, because it'd be a gigantic breakthrough in computer science because you'd probably solve tons of other very difficult problems at the same time if you could do this) win the nobel prize that year.
About the salary thing, check out coin mixing. It essentially mixes your coins with someone elses, and so it's impossible to trace.
e.g. imagine you have a grain of sand that's exactly like all other grains of sand, but it's traceable. But say you throw it on the beach, and take exactly 1 other random grain of sand. You still have just 1 grain, yet, this grain has no trace to any of your activity, the source of your income, etc. With enough volume (a large beach), it'd be impossible to trace a mixed bitcoin.
Secondly, wallets can pretty easily just use a new address for every single transaction ever, combined with mixing. After all, there are 2^256 number of private keys. That number is pretty close to the number of atoms in the universe. In other words, even if every human on earth would use a unique key for each transaction, and everyone would make 1 billion transactions per second for the rest of their lives, you wouldn't even use up anything close to 0.001% of all keys even if you everyone did this for a trillion years. So bitcoin does allow a lot of privacy if necessary.
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:43:44
It's easy to keylog 1 system. Every key you find (e.g. the password to your wallet.dat) is an instant win.
But if you had to keylog multiple systems, that's extremely hard. You'd need to e.g. build malware both for windows and linux or android and ios or some combination. Then you'd need to hope this user is infected by all malware for each (of the say 2 or 3) system, and not just with any malware, but YOUR malware specifically. And then you need to find the right key pairs.
In short, 2FA increases the odds of security a lot.
@_date: 2014-04-16 23:50:21
Yes. It's a brokerage service, not an exchange service. Still good news, but I don't see a huge unique selling point here. As an investment, they already had a vehicle (this isn't an investment vehicle), and as a user-friendly US based way to obtain coins, we had Coinbase, and for the rest, we had exchanges.
It's still good news. It brings credibility. And it's nice to see a way for big-ballers to obtain larger volumes with a trusted counterparty. Coinbase isn't suited for 50-100 btc purchases and there are people who're more comfortable dealing with SecondMarket than e.g. Bitstamp when we're talking $10-100k amounts.
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:18:55
Nice :) Recognition.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:54:59
It's really hard to say what this means. Right now, it's kind of meaningless.
For example, it's pretty well known for stolen bitcoins to immediately split large funds into many small ones. Is that something we ought to celebrate?
It's good that you post it, but I think it's important for people who don't know, to know that this says nothing about the number of users. For example, Coinbase, Bitstamp and BTC-E probably hold at least 500k bitcoins in only a few hundred addresses. Even though each has more than, or close to a million users each. As such, there are likely at least a few million users even though the blockchain would not show it.
Thanks for posting!
@_date: 2014-04-10 11:01:40
Consider using an intermediate gift (gyft) card.
@_date: 2014-04-15 12:04:59
I think this is fantastic news. Not because in itself, Canadian customers can buy at another place with bitcoin, that's just good news. Fantastic news is when a billion dollar retailer uses bitcoin for a quarter of a year and then seems to see such good results that they expand it to other countries and other parts of their overal business. That's just a huge testament to bitcoin, that it really works.
I couldn't find TD's annual report or financial statements anywhere. But to give you an example, Amazon's profit margins for 2013 were about 0.35%. In other words, if you remove a 3% creditcard fee using bitcoin and replace it with a 1% fee at e.g. Bitpay, every $1 of revenue brings in 5x more profit if the sale was in bitcoin. Now we know Overstock does 1.3b in revenue and it expects 14m in sales this year which is more than 1% of its total revenue. If Amazon did the same percentage of sales, it'd actually constitute 5% of its profits and that's just for the first year while bitcoin adoption is quite low. Now if you know anything about old, established businesses, it's that 5% profit increases in year 1 are generally a pretty huge deal. I expect Amazon to make the step in 3 years or so.
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:53:08
Love it! Beautiful wallet, completely multi-sig with you acting as a party who needn't be trusted, yet can keep me secure through configurable spending limits, and a whole host of other innovations. Really brilliant work.
Now to test it out :)
@_date: 2014-06-20 15:08:35
Could you give an example of 3 potential DACs you think will be popular within 5 years?
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:55:45
I've heard of bitcoin companies get hacked (not kraken) because of this. I expected better from Kraken, ah well.
@_date: 2014-11-24 16:06:42
Yes and no. You can block data and block signals for and of anything. But bitcoin transactions are just data, and data can be sent per byte (0 or 1), it can be send as a hash (looks random). You can send data using the internet, telephone or TV cables, radio, telegram, morse code or hell you could send a pidgeon with the entire bitcoin blockchain if you wanted.
My point is, you can hardly block data because if you want to block data, you need to block any 0 and any 1, and block every incoming signal. And it's hard to distinguish bitcoin data from other data.
So yes, you could use port blocking to block bitcoin, but it only creates headaches and impracticalities. It doesn't mean bitcoin is blocked off completely, it's just a bigger hassle to make it work. The more relevant question is if you can block ports to make bitcoin so impractical to use nobody wants to bother getting it to work (just like PGP is awesome, but almost nobody can bother to set it up :P) and the answer to that is 'maybe' imo.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:40:11
But that's my question, what is the minimum amount of fees roughly? Anyone got any sources for this? As in, if I open one at 6% and they change it to 5, I change it to 4% etc, at what point does the ATM start to lose money? That's interesting. If it's 3%, it's very hard for ATMs to play important roles in bitcoin because bitcoins are trying to compete with creditcards at 2-3%... But if an ATM can be bought, insured, secured, serviced and maintained at just 1%, that's a great signal.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:37:42
Hah true although I expect this to get solved pretty soon. We're seeing orders of magnitude increases in TPS in the planning. One proposal which technically is feasible (its been tested) is to go to 20 gigabyte blocks in 20 years. Which means an order of magnitude of 20k, which by then means 30 years worth of transactions at the current TPS would take half a day. I think we can scale up to that faster than bitcoin grows in popularity.
@_date: 2015-05-31 01:09:56
This combined with a market for fees: want to fill 100% capacity of 100mb blocks? Fine, but 100mb blocks means 8 terabytes or so of data every year, so you must pay for it. Filling 10% of the block and everyone can send money for 1 penny, but if 90% of the block is filled, you can still send for 1 penny but it'll be delayed to a later block, this block costs $1 a transaction. 
Basically, increase capacity by a lot to allow more honest throughput, and create a higher bar to ddos, and then add a market to ramp up permanent money transfer from attackers to defenders to make ddosing prohibitively expensive.
It's far from perfect obviously, but what it is, is it's much better than sticking with a dumb ass 1mb block capacity for eternity and seeing that ddosed to hell and back.
@_date: 2014-05-26 16:23:43
Agreed, but nothing in the way Facebook or Gmail or Android or Youtube or Google Search or Reddit costs nothing.
It still costs something, but it can be monetized through ads, premium services, other products. But the transaction fees and deposit/withdrawal fees on Circle in and of itself will not cost the user anything.
@_date: 2014-06-04 21:12:41
Yeah you're a veteran now HAHAHhaa
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:56:37
Google Xapo and you'll get a clue what their main product is. They offer secure insured bitcoin storage. If they lose your bitcoin (which is highly secure), it's insured by a third party insurance company.
And they are not selling a product that does not exist. You can pre-order it. It's in development. Have you seriously never heard of pre-ordering something which is not there yet? If you have, why the fuck are you being stupid about it? 
notation: I wish my car ran on comparisons to fraudulent companies without a shred of evidence
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:00:59
It doesn't look like it's a bank... can anyone confirm?
@_date: 2014-07-12 12:37:34
So, the company doesn't filter this, allow you to enter such an address like u.s.e.r+memo and such a company will just send relevant email to e.g. u.s.e.r+memo and it'll end up in user and the email client for user will show that this email was actually tried to be sent to u.s.e.r+memo That's awesome.
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:36:30
Why? A will just denotes who is entitled to what by law, overseen by a lawyer or notary of some sort.
It's not like a will is some vault with all the cash, keys to the house, jewels and bitcoin private keys that the lawyer controls and distributes when you die.
You can simply keep some private keys on physical storage, say it'll go to your kids when you die in your will, and that they can use this will to collect it. They can collect it from a safety deposit box at your bank, or from whatever room you want to store it in in your home. No need to trust your lawyer with that.
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:15:31
Opportunity cost is a very real cost.
Say you make $10 everyday from a money tree. It costs you $9.
Say I then give you a chance to spend $50 and you get $100. You make a $50 profit, right? Great idea.
But that's not the end of the story, because in the process, your money tree dies that would've made you more than $50 in just 2 months time.
It's just an example of course, but the point is that if you can spend x amount to do a 51% attack, you're also forgoing another amount, the opportunity cost. This has to be a part of every comprehensive calculation that an economic actor would make, which is a part often ignored by more basic and simplistic calculations of what the attack itself would cost in terms of hardware.
That's for a big part where the $1b figure comes from. But sure, it may be less it may be more, but even the worst case scenario for me requires investments of such large magnitude that I'm very comfortable with the numbers, personally.
I think at the end of the day we have to understand it's not some game anymore. It's quite likely that at some point a 51% attack actually becomes illegal by law. It's a bit like saying that Bill Gates as Microsoft CEO could've spent a billion on a private army to destroy a company like Apple or Google's headquarters and ruin the company, but doing so would leave a paper trail, it'd be illegal, immoral, extremely difficult to get away with. I think at some point a 51% attack will be similar, not an impossibility in and of itself, but expensive and dangerous to the extent it's unlikely people would spend billions of taking it down. (which is where the cost will go to within years as the price of bitcoin rises)
@_date: 2014-08-03 20:06:55
lol, make sure to post pictures and everything if you want this to blow up and become a topic-of-the-day at tech blogs worldwide.
Not sure how to best help you. I guess you could create an address, then send it a satoshi with a msg attached that could only have been signed by your private key, that people can decrypt with the public key, vowing your love. 
And if you want to make sure he can never divorce you, throw away the private key preventing any divorce message ever to be signed haha :P 
Wish you to the best and much love. I'll patiently await a potential post about cryptobaby birthcertificates one day, who knows :)
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:24:07
it doesn't always make much sense... for example at one point everyone thought Mt. Gox had lost the keys, we didn't hear of a hack yet, but there were suddenly lots of people saying the keys were lost. The price took a huge dive, even though it meant the total money supply just got reduced by 10% overnight, which given the quantity theory of money, should immediately cause deflation and a rise in the value of bitcoin. 
Anyway, it kind of makes sense... if you anticipate a few dummies are gonna panic sell, your best bet is to sell too, then buy back quickly... 
of course the rational thing to consider is that bitcoin is worth $8 billion, and when you sell 0.018 billion or 0.2%, you shouldn't see the price drop by 800m or 10%. But because other people don't think like that, you should sell and then rebuy (which drops the price even more short-term, self fulfilling prophecy)
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:20:23
It wasn't too bad. The problem with Andreas is that I've heard him say things over and over again, so he's found a nice way to put things. He has analogies and stories and one-liners because he told the story of the goxings many times (which is why the host specifically asked him to introduce the history of goxing). I think everyone spoke quite well actually and it was very interesting. The ideas of self-regulation were very interesting, they can actually go much further than anything we have today, based on math instead of filling out loads of forms and having corruptable people subjectively interpret these forms and put a positive or negative stamp on it. Look at rating agencies for example in 2007, in the end human interpretations lead them all to put AAA+ ratings on the worst financial crap products ever. Self-regulation and cryptographic auditing isn't just possible, it can be better. Highly interesting!
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:14:46
True (ish), but it's a great first start. It means pension funds and 401ks can now put bitcoin in their portfolio, that opens up bitcoin to a large capital base who are interested but can't simply buy some coin at an exchange, it's too much hassle in terms of security, accounting, auditing etc and doesn't fit within their models. But a security on the OTC can.
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:16:14
He's done a few interviews here in the netherlands, he lives in Eindhoven as far as I know. Guess he's not a very publicly minded guy.
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:27:53
@_date: 2014-03-12 21:47:11
Could you add a per capita? and maybe have continent groups, too? 
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:55:11
I think clarification from them would be great and I think it's useful if bitcoin companies set some kind of a standard: e.g. above $25 the tx is free, we cover the tx fees, but below that you have to pay for it else we lose a lot of money. This is mostly what companies like Coinbase do. It's usually not a big problem as once a company scales enough like Coinbase, they process tens or hundreds of transactions per hour, and as one transaction can send bitcoin to hundreds of addresses, you can cut the fee-per transaction down a lot as a business by bundling them. This is kind of limited today, but will improve as we see more TPS.
I like that you're calling them out for not mentioning these fees in any case. It's a bit like a Taxi quoting his fee but doesn't mention you have to pay for the fuel. I get that.
It's kind of standard practice in finance. e.g. WesternUnion quotes their fee, but doesn't mention the crappy exchange rate, or the costs you might make to send them money. Some clarity is in order for sure, we're better than that. 
As for the deposit fee... I'm really surprised. One, they obviously must know there is no fee. And two, how did they think they'd get away with this? Obviously 90% of the early adopting users will know there is no cost to receiving bitcoin. Nice catch!
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:35:12
Good point, there are some 'same price' clauses in contracts, but various parties have offered multiple payment methods and allowed discounts for bitcoin.
One of the ways to do this is indirectly through e.g. rebates or credit, which is what gyft does. They don't actually discount your purchase, but if you buy $100 of goods, they'll credit you a few bucks on your next purchase which are essentially the cost savings they made on the first purchase. As such, in-store prices are effectively always the same whatever payment method you use, so even if your second purchase is with a creditcard, it's still discounted because you've got some credit/rebate/points/whatever. That prevents most legal troubles. Also, in a way it can be a more powerful merchant pricing tool because the user only benefits from discounts on subsequent purchases, as such users are incentivized to keep using the system.
@_date: 2014-07-04 13:32:17
Weak... and absolutely horrible comments. Itś not the fact people are wrong that gets me, itś the arrogance and conviction with which they state not just opinions that are different from mine (thatś fine), but just pull things completely out of their ass, too, facts that are simply not true in any context. (like it being crreated in 2013 for example. I wonder how the brain operates to come up with this stuff)
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:57:17
I'm very much in favor of this change. Frankly trying to get 6 billion people to use fractions of 21 million tokens is ridiculous. It's fine on a technical level, but we need to create a human layer people can get behind.
If bitcoin succeeds in widespread adoption (if it doesn't, who cares, the whole topic is irrelevant) then we'll definitely see a price rise, meaning the problem only gets worse. You may but 0.05 BTC with $20 today, but in a few years that may be 0.005 or even 0.0005. That's just unworkable.
But if we had a system where today $20 buys you 50.000 units, and in a decade from now that may buy you 500 or even 50 units, that makes a lot of sense. That's the type of valuation we're familiar with, where a loaf of bread costs anywhere between 1 and 100 units or so of money.
Perhaps in 20-30 years from now, it may need changing. But I think this change can sustain on a practical level for a long time. On a technical level, nothing changes.
@_date: 2014-04-02 17:33:37
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:41:52
Sweet :D
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:21:46
It's a bit similar to asking whether Bill Gates will pay for a private army of mercenaries just to destroy the Apple headquarters, or any other arbitrary thing like a public park. 
I think it's important to not exclude the possibility entirely, but at least to value likeliness of something happening as a real thing that we can and do depend on everyday. For example, the likeliness of a nuclear attack is extremely small, it's not impossible, but we generally agree that because it's small, we can safely agree to do certain things like not spend our days building bomb shelters. 
In the same way, the likeliness of someone dropping half a billion dollars to destroy bitcoin for the hell of it, is small enough for comfort, for me personally.
The building of half a billion dollars worth of chips is a huge deal. Chip factories generally cost a few billion dollars. And this particular chip factory produces ASICs that can do SHA-256, completely useless for anything but bitcoin at this scale. It takes a long time of planning to execute something on this scale (something that took tens of thousands of individuals worldwide, working over a period of years, to do in thousands of distributed locations). Rich people don't tend to just have cash laying around to do these things, their money is in long-term assets you can't just liquidate just like that. You'd need to hire various experts, a big team, a big location, probably get all kinds of licenses. It'd leave a huge trail to you, and frankly, I think we can assume that it brings a ton of heat on you, in a few years it might actually be deemed illegal to attempt these things.
I really just don't see it happening. So to answer your question, absolutely, if someone with $20b of personal wealth wants to spend a year and $2b to destroy bitcoin, it could happen. But it'd be a huge headache, a huge waste of money, a huge blow to their reputation, probably cause at least legal headaches if not actual legal problems. It's a bit similar to pondering whether all our lives are at risk because every household has knives in their cabinets that could be used for murder. It's just kind of far fetched, but that's my opinion.
@_date: 2014-04-08 11:18:02
Is there any official word on this, cause right now it sounds like this:
'Own 5 bitcoin. Send 1 bitcoin. A 3 bitcoin is sent, 2 bitcoin is returned to a change address. Keys to the change address however are not saved for the user. User just lost 2 bitcoin'.
That simply can't fly for a wallet. I'd love some official word on this.
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:28:05
I don't have a rule. I'm saying it's not a big deal. 
Circle would not be a problem. Companies can buy derivative products, consumers can't. Circle is not selling derivative products to consumers. Circle is also not acting as a brokerage of derivative products. 
The blockchain currently doesn't serve at all as an asset register anywhere in the world. That may happen at some point, but not anytime soon. This isn't my opinion, this is something e.g. Gavin Andresen says, too. And again, there's a difference between derivatives of virtual money, and using a satoshi as a coloured coin to use as an asset registrar, which are not virtual money derivatives, it's something completely different which was not addressed by this legislation.
So again, it's not a big deal. I'm not saying it's awesome, but a big deal is something else. Frankly I think it's more likely this will be overturned at some point than an example to follow. Most countries have been quite outspoken about the potential of bitcoin and the trend is definitely that the reputation and credibility is growing compared to 6 or 12 months ago.
Feel free to FUD some more. You can mention Circle is banned, asset registrars are banned and imply the European Union is prohibiting this soon, but none of that is actually true.
@_date: 2014-06-21 00:53:13
Right so on the first point, I think bitcoin isn't an example of a DAC either, but it's an example of a product that essentially becomes extremely valuable, yet the creator was comfortable with releasing it into the world for free. So theoretically I do see a possibility for DACs to be birthed by a human, free of charge and with no further ownership or connection of that human, much like many open source software, but also art (music, video, literature) that is made and given away, or mathematical theories that are invented and then made public etc.
But I think the more common approach would be of a shareholder model. Most shareholders actually barely control, direct or influence a company these days. Yet, they technically own it, and they receive a share of the profits as dividends when profits aren't reinvested. I think this would be a likely model for a DAC. It's initially financed and put into the world by its shareholders, then operates autonomously, and pays out a percentage of its profits to the owners, who can through voting shut down or replace the software in the same way a CEO can be replaced by the board of directors if necessary. But otherwise, the CEO fully runs the company.
But yeah I think all of these things are really far away, still. We'll be seeing loads and loads of software automation as we already see today, but that really has very little to do with software running an autonomous corporation I think until you get things like management, finance, logistics, marketing, product design and R&amp;D etc all happen through software. Anything short of that (e.g. just drones delivering goods on the basis of a decentralized market place) will not be a DAC, it will just be an automated component of a regular corporation. (e.g. you and I could start a company where we have drones deliver goods on the basis of local demand in a decentralized online marketplace. e.g. someone's having a picknick in the park, logs in to amazon and puts up a buy order within 15min for a six pack of beer, and our drone reads that data, checks for a local supplier, picks up the package and delivers it. Yet the rest of the entire company is still run by humans, so the drone is just an automated element)
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:27:48
Thanks for the insight. That's kind of been my impression, too.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:56:54


Dude these aren't semantics, they're pretty much the entirety of your post. You're asking why people assume bots, while there are plenty of reasons, and then criticize them for something you do, too, because it's completely normal. (that is sharing thoughts, assumptions, contingencies, possibilities, appearances, such as saying it seems to be bots, even in the face of a lack of complete evidence-based certainty)
@_date: 2014-06-26 16:19:05


No they're not. Look into diceware.com. Using that to get 12 words gives more entropy than you'll ever need. Great password completely out of words.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:45:21
Ouch, I'd contact that person, call him up, and then tell him I'd fuck his ass up if he didn't send back the money lol. If he calls the police, all the better, cause they'll actually recognize proof of paying back the first time.
Anyway, it's a real sad story, chargebacks happen so often while in reality, a company selling goods is much less likely to scam an individual buyer than a buyer scamming a company. Yet all the power is with the buyer. And that sucks, because as a fellow buyer, I'm worse off because chargebacks are costing the merchant, and to stay in business, he'll have to trickle those costs down into his prices that we all pay for. Not to mention the actual costs and time needed for fighting or disputing chargebacks. It's a silly system. And this change just meant I can send someone a product and have it arrive the next day and have him use and consume it, and then 6 freaking months later, lose my money because he decides to say he never received it. It's crazy.
@_date: 2014-05-19 13:39:47
Nah, PhD from Cornell in economics.
@_date: 2014-11-26 11:30:32
Thanks bud! :)
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:36:16
Great talk and it cleared up a few points. I'll go through a few things that wasn't certain before.
* Fees: Okay so these turn out to be completely free. They take no fees for storing, depositing, withdrawing or spending bitcoin through their system. He also confirmed they take no money on the conversion rate, which is really great news. The only fee there is is interchange fee on creditcards when making deposits with credit. But if you do a bank transfer or a debitcard tx or simply deposit bitcoins, it's free. 
I think that is pretty huge. 
* Insurance: It's not yet clear who insures them, but Jeremy has said (not in this talk) they're insured by private insurance companies. If you give your password to a buddy and he drains your account, you're out of your coins, but if their servers are hacked, your coins are secure. He talked a bit about how they've arranged security, which is quite impressive, and the interesting bit is that everything is multi-signature. This is probably why they can even be comfortable giving insurance for free. 
Both these two points alone hugely put Coinbase and Xapo in perspective, which offer a wallet and insurance respectively, at a cost.
* Access: It's a global company, they're limited by law to not service North Korea, Iran etc. And they only have banking set up for US customers. So if you're e.g. in Europe, you can deposit bitcoins and use the service, and probably use creditcards too, but you won't be able to do banking deposits atm. Their goal is to roll this out out worldwide.
* Monetization. This is the killer question for me, personally. They've said nothing about how they make money, so we should assume as many VC-funded companies they've got a burn-rate, and are focusing on building product right now.
It seems they're trying to build a platform with a large userbase. Google has Google Search, Android, Youtube, Gmail, Chrome. At their core, these are free platforms, yet they represent tens of billions of dollars of value together. I think they're trying to do the same. Build a platform, build a brand, get large userbases, and then build paid products on top, later on.
But they were very clear, they believe money-over-ip should be a free utility. Just like Youtube is free, Skype is free, webbrowsers are free, instant messaging is free, torrents are free, dropbox is free etc.
In short, I'm very impressed. It's not for everyone, because they are a trusted counterparty managing your keys. But for most mainstream users, that's fine, as long as the company is professional, and as long as you can withdraw your coin and rely on the bitcoin protocol where you manage your money without intermediaries, if and when necessary. 
@_date: 2014-04-13 01:06:39
Not sure.. it wasn't bad for sure, for a start.. but it does miss some key points and does fail to address a few. For example, they talk about Coinbase and Bitpay and the ability to settle in fiat with 0 volatility risk 10 minutes before another guy talks about how merchants have to deal with huge volatility and how this is a big problem in another segment. And it's pretty conversational, I know a lot of people would rather have a first introduction of 5-10 minutes of presentation rather than a 60 minutes of conversational Q&amp;A. But yeah definitely not a bad resource.
I said this somewhere else in this thread, but we really need a Steve Jobs like presentation on bitcoin like he did for the Iphone for example. Just pure sales 'ooh magic, ooh benefit xyz, ooh never been seen before, ooh combines xyz and is so much better than what we used to have', in a polished way. (not a neckbeard in a 'leave britney alone' type studio talking into the camera, I've seen those). Not to get people to buy bitcoin (I really don't care about price right now) but simply to get people familiar, be it media, regulators, moms and pops, finance people, developers, whatever.
@_date: 2014-06-10 11:51:47
Wnat city you in? :)
@_date: 2014-10-15 22:44:03


Is sort of a word, it's not very popularly used at all. But in the Netherlands it's the go-to buzz-word that we use instead of 'regulatory compliance'. Compliancy, according to the Dutch at least haha, is the 'acting according to regulation'. So where you hear about banks and bitcoin businesses being compliant with regulation, we sum that up in that word.
I wouldn't use it myself outside this country though. The correct word is compliance. Compliancy is kind of the 'categorical buzzword' here, if I had to describe it.
automize is just a Dutchism, an incorrect translation of a Dutch to English word. Instead of automate we say 'automatiseren', the English version would be 'automatize', so they took that and automate and made 'automize' haha. Dutchisms are a good source of humour in this country :) We tend to be highly active and present in most industries as a small country of 17m people, and it's a source of pride, but then our silliness with English language on the international stage (e.g. when our prime minister speaks at the United Nations) brings us back down to earth! :)
@_date: 2014-05-02 08:45:07
It's pretty expensive. Generally you'll want to have a MSB license in almost every state, which generally requires a surety bond. These can cost you a lot. For example the NYC license requires a 0.5m surety bond. You can generally get a surety bond paying 3% of that amount if you're a reputable company with good finances in a solid industry, but it's a free market price that is higher the more risk there is. (e.g. you pay a lot more for a life-insurance when you're 90 years old). Because bitcoin is new to surety bond companies bitcoin companies generally face 10-25% minimum premiums. Which means you're either going to need a few hundred thousand cash laying around, or you're going to need to immediately lay down 30-50k.
So it's really not easy, there's a big capital investment upfront. Some other countries are less strict about their surety bond requirements.
The cool thing is you can actually piggyback off of someone else's surety bond. Meaning, robocoin could e.g. facilitate a franchise or sharing model. Franchise would mean robocoin gets a license in one state. If there are two robocoin ATMs in that state, each pay 50% of the bond premiums, if there are 10, each pay 10%. So a state with an ATM in every county where the fees are shared will barely pay anything in surety bond fees. Such a model could drastically lower the price of ATMs to Coinbase-like levels of 1% in/out.
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:22:10
When he asked you 'how', and you started talking briefly about how, it was just painful. Whatever you could say within the 30-50 seconds you had for that question was just never going to be convincing or understandable. It's a horrible question to get because you can't answer it unless you take at least 15-30 minutes, and if you don't answer it it makes bitcoin look really suspicious.
I'm wondering if the answer shouldn't just be something like 'it's a brilliant technical solution to a very old problem that I would be happy to explain if you could give me 30 minutes on this show to talk about it. But given our timelimitations, the invention of bitcoin essentially allows anyone to securely transfer money worldwide in a way that is faster and cheaper than any alternative, with no ability to forge money or make fraudulent transactions. That is something the financial industry has never seen before.'
and leave it at that, on to the next question. I really think we should avoid technical answers. Nobody asks 'how does the internet work' anymore, the relevancy of the answer exists only for a small amount of people.
Otherwise great work!
@_date: 2014-05-16 08:25:50
A hundred times this. I think Circle will become awesome, more adoption means more opportunities for spending and exchanging for everyone, including those who want to write their own code to manually sign their own transactions and broadcast them through their own node. They can both co-exist, but a lot of people simply can't handle that.
@_date: 2014-06-05 14:07:29
Well no this is a central bank rate for other banks, it doesn't directly translate into consumer account rates.
It does mean that your bank isn't going to offer you much interest because they could get the same money from the central bank (which is so called 'high-powered money') and actually make money on that! In many countries the interest currently doesn't cover inflation. (so even if you get 1% in interest, you're actually losing money)
But I doubt consumer rates would go negative. It could happen I guess, it wouldn't really be a big deal in any case as weird as that sounds. Remember, the central bank rate is now -0.10%, which means even if consumer rates are -0.10% you'd be paying that fee annually, which is much less than the money most people have lost annually decade after decade because of inflation rates of 1-5%.
But yeah it's definitely a reason to look into inflation-resistant alternatives, like gold. I chose bitcoin, myself, as it has the most upside potential for many different reasons.
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:28:11
I'd rather hear someone speak on legal matters when he grew up in a family who's done thousands of legal cases, studied law himself, has been to the court many times, has heard about legal cases over dinner hundreds of times and has discussed things that pop up daily in the news with a legal perspective with lawyers right in the living room on a daily basis for many years and now on a weekly basis as they're my family, than someone who has had no exposure to legal things at all. I'm describing myself here, I don't see how that hurts my credibility to speak on legal things at all. 
It's not really a debating tactic, it's just a fact that may be reason for you to think I might speak from experience rather than completely baseless assumptions. That's up to you. 
But it's okay because you've clearly stopped discussing the actual points. Once we get to the point of discussing my 'debating tactics' I know I'm pretty much done.
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:34:57
Agreed! Nice catch and explanation.
@_date: 2014-04-16 10:25:51
You really misunderstand the notion of a free market. 
It has nothing to do with allowing one to break rules regarding theft of personal property. A free market is one in which personal property is protected and individual actors, by their voluntary will, engage in open and free markets. 
Storing funds with a custodian who goes bankrupt and then sells the company including your funds to another party who then isn't liable or willing to return these funds to you is criminal in virtually every market ever conceived by any society, including the free market.
Of course, there is a difference between law and enforceability. For example, I think it's a running joke people use BTC-E, because if they leave with your funds, while criminal, enforceability is near-zero due to their anonimity. In this case, I fully agree, a more regulated and enforced market would prevent their anonimity and allow them to be held accountable in the unlikely or likely case of theft.
@_date: 2014-04-22 12:39:44
Trade is not a crime?
* Trading murderous weaponry (guns, grenades, explosives)
* Trading certain types of addictive hard drugs
* Trading child pornography
* Trading stolen identities, passwords, medical records, private information
* Trading human organs, human-trafficking, slaves
The list goes on and on. Now some things can and should be traded, but only in a supervised manner. For example, some governments freely supply addicts with small amounts of substance to keep them sane, while requiring them to come in and get a health check and an ability to talk with someone. This has been shown to help and some even stay sober for long periods of time eventually. Similarly, some drugs should be freely available, but not to kids who are 13 years old, that ought to constitute an illegal trade.
In other words, some things should be criminal to trade outright (e.g. stolen identities, medical records, high-power explosives) and some needn't be illegal but need oversight (e.g. drugs or weapons being restricted to people of certain age).
So this notion of trade inherently always not being a crime is naive and irresponsible. Some trades should be illegal, and some trades should have oversight (which could be cryptographic oversight if it works, I'd prefer that).
By the way, the above statements have little to do with Dark Market, but with the thread title 'trade is not a crime'. Markets are not a crime (e.g. Silk Road wasn't inherently criminal as a market) but trades in that market may very well be. But when a market operator allows illegal trades, I think such a market operator ought to be held accountable. (whether Silk Road had illegal trades and whether these trades ought to be deemed illegal in the first place is an entirely different discussion). 
What I will say about Dark Market is this. If we agree some trades shouldn't be legal or allowed (e.g. a thief sells private medical records, or someone sells an explosive to a 14 year old), should we aim to build a black market where there is an inability for an authority to see, stop or prosecute such illegal trades? I'd lean strongly towards no, but I'd be quite happy to discuss otherwise and I'm fully aware it is likely in fact impossible to stop whether it's liked or not.
@_date: 2014-11-20 14:06:37
Well there's absolutely competition from Coinbase, but 0% growth in 8 months is really, really bad.
I mean look at Uber, Lyft, Sidecar etc. They all compete, often in the same cities for the same customers or hell, for the same drivers (their de facto freelance employees). And on top of that they compete with every other incumbent taxi driver in those cities who've been there for years. But they all grow extremely rapidly because software-based ordering of private drivers is a promising and rapidly evolving ecosystem. Despite very fierce competition, there's plenty of growth for these new startups.
Competition could explain why growth is 5% instead of 9% monthly, why they went from $1m to $1.5m instead of $2m. It doesn't explain why they stayed at 0%, there's no indication that Coinbase was that successful in totally dominating the merchant services game. 
Let's not forget, Bitpay has the higher valuation of the two ($160m to Coinbase's $140m), and Bitpay has (slightly, just 3%) more funding, has multiple global offices and 100% of its team, its expertise, its focus is on merchant-services, while Coinbase is only focusing part of its resources on merchant-services. And to top it off, Bitpay has about 20% more merchants than Coinbase.
We also mustn't forget that the opening of their European HQ was AFTER March. We mustn't forget they hired roughly 50% of their current team since then. We mustn't forget that 90% of their $32m funding came AFTER March.
The conclusion to that can't be 0% growth unless the ecosystem has been in really really bad shape. Now I know the past 8 have been very rough, Mt.Gox and China and all, but I've been following the business news closely and I was still expecting a decent uptick in the $1m a day figure I heard back in March. Still hoping they just don't update their numbers as often as they should and that the figure is at least 25-35% higher than March.
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:21:52
No it iterates up, usually in increments of no less than 0.1 for the core bitcoin project. It can't just go to 0.10. Why would you say this?
@_date: 2014-06-16 16:05:00
They have millions of daily visitors. To put that into perspective, a typical ad has a $2 or so ECPM (in short, revenue per 1.000 views). So say 1 million people check 3 pages a day and each page has 2 ads, that's 6m ad views or $12k in daily revenue or 4m+ in annual revenue.
Of course the ECPM may be lower or higher, the views might be a bit different, but not by an order of magnitude. I'd be surprised if Blockchain.info doesn't make more than $1m a year. They tend to do various partnerships (e.g. with Gyft or now with Gogocoin)
That's blockchain though. I doubt e.g. greenaddress makes much if any money at the moment. A lot of these things are about building platforms. e.g. Facebook had no real revenue for years while it was trying to go from 10m to 1.000m users, and now that it has it has billions in annual revenue. Once you have a popular product you can monetize later. Some get bought out, e.g. blockchain.info bought a few companies already. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:04:09


No you're probably classified as a money transmitter. That means you need to register with Fincen, which is cheap but there's a lot of administrative requirements and reporting duties. And then you need to get an MSB license in the states where bitcoin is seen as money. That latter point is sort of the worst, but currently often not necessary. e.g. 3 states don't have MSB license requirements at all, not for paypal either for example. And some states like Texas explicitly stated don't see bitcoin as money, so you've got no duties. Other states haven't decided yet what to do with the Fincen guidance, so you're sort of clear until they implement new legislation.
Besides this, if you make a number of small transactions you're not immediately a (money services) business, but rather making private transactions. So you could do it  in small amounts for friends and family.
@_date: 2014-04-23 09:08:00
Man, imagine this article in business insider a year ago, it'd be hard to fathom. (even if they did call nakamoto person of the year)
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:13:32
Yeah if you get $500 in bitcoin sales and pay $30 in fees, that's just not a great rate of 6%. I think it's important to do what Bitcoin and Bitpay does and offer a 1% plan (and Coinbase waives the fees on the first $1 million in sales, even.) If a customer is suddenly seeing thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin sales monthly, then they can buy a subscription.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:50:51
Cloud mining loses you money. Do the calculations. I'll do a comprehensive post on this but it'll probably not get any votes. Hope to get around to it soon.
@_date: 2014-06-27 12:49:20
For sure, but dice means you technically don't have to use bitaddress or anything. The outcome itself is a private key. And dice means you can easily e.g. create passphrases with diceware
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:45:25
Really? I'd gladly bet all my 10 bitcons that fiat currencies will still play very major very important roles in 10 years from now. I think every employee and investor in every bitcoin company believes this, too.
It's like saying in 1993 that because of the internet in 2003 snail mail will not be alive, newspapers will not be alive, television will not be alive, not-internet-based text messaging or phone services will not be alive and replaced by voip, physical stores will be replaced by webshops. Of course, all wrong. Only now, 20 years later, are some of these things starting to get massive yet haven't replaced anything yet.
Bitcoin is awesome, but that's an EXTREMELY bold statement and frankly I think it's naive.
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:54:58
Hey buddy glad you're making progress! :D
So, the words in the wordlist should really just be seen as a single number or a single character (e.g. the alphabet has 26 characters, the diceware 'alphabet' has 7776 characters, so having a passphrase of 3 diceware words is like having a passphrase of 3 letters of the alpabet like abc, only the alphabet has fewer characters to pick from). So the word 'burt' could be number 1, and the word 'macho' could be number 3600 in the same way the letter a is 1, and the letter c is 3 and d is 4. So if you have 7776 words, taking two words gives you two possible sequences of words.
Of course, you cleverly noted that the characters within each individual word are also a sequence themselves, entropy if you will. And that's true, but they're not random, as such they can hardly be 'counted' for password strength.
For example imagine a hacker downloads the list of 7776 passwords. He can easily try out 10 passwords per minute just by typing them in manually. Within a day he has tried all the 7776 passwords. So if you had used a password with just 1 word, that could be broken in a day by a manual typist. A computer trying all the words could break it in a fraction of a second.
Yet, a word like 'norway' has 6 letters. So given a 26-letter alphabet, that's 26^6 308 million possible words of 6 digits using 26 letters. 
So here is the difference. If you used random letters, you'd have 308 million 6-letter strings using just the lowercase alphabet. But using the diceware list would produce just 7776 words.
As you can see, the source is very important. If the words had been truly random (e.g. kgpnuq) then just 2 words would've created 95000 trillion different passwords. But out of a list of 7776 words, it'd just be 60 million.
Diceware isn't really about creating the most secure password. After all you could've just used the dice numbers. It's about creating a secure password that is easy to write down without mistyping or mistaking a number, or hell, even remembering the password if you can remember 10 words. It's just a different form factor that's easier on the eyes and memory for humans, that's all. It would indeed be MUCH more secure if you'd taken not a lowercase alphabet, but upper &amp; lower (52 chars) and took just say 4 words of a length of 6 letters each, but make the letters completely random instead of actual english words. Just those 4 words would be 136 bits of entropy, more than 10 words out of a list of 7776, because each *random* 6 letter word is actually one picked out of a list of 19 billion possible sequences/words, as opposed to the non-random list of 7776.
So to your question, no the raw diceware passphrase is pretty much as secure as the actual raw dice sequence, given that an attacker is likely to use/try the diceware dictionary list in his attack. But if instead of diceware you had used a completely random passphrase of the same length (10 words, 6 digits each), then this would we many orders of magnitude more secure, because the attacker does not have a list of the 19 billion possible 6-digit upper/lowercase strings, or well he does but it's impossible to try them all out in different combinations in his lifetime.
edit: nice chart btw, here's some similar looking data: 
To get an idea of how much entropy you get from a random character (e.g. from the alphabet, a number, alphanumerical, a word list, ascii character etc)
@_date: 2014-06-21 13:02:42
I wish buddy, but thanks for the compliment :) I appreciate it!
I'm just a recent graduate (as a business student) in my early 20s, started a small indie game company right after which did well financially but I haven't had much time to build it out due to illness in the family. Looking to wind down that business and actually get into the bitcoin space! 
Don't know all that much about anything, but I try to get my reading in and with bitcoin it comes easy as it's almost all naturally interesting to me.
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:47:18
Got mine a few months ago, it's a game changer if it's available in full. Instant is awesome in itself, free, too, with every day customer support on the phone, and insured against third party risk. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 16:26:42
Oops, mixing my Australia and Canadas :P And I actually lived in Canada... *sigh*
1 upvote
@_date: 2014-10-16 22:06:54
Damn, tall order! Always nice to see Barry push forward.
Curious to see what's in the pipeline for them! Looking at all the required FINRA/SEC expertise requirements, one can certainly guess.
@_date: 2014-10-14 09:48:43
This. Hidden fees are fees too. Like my dad just sent some money using WesternUnion and I asked him how much it cost. '5 euros'.
So I went to the website and lo and behold. 5 euro. Then I entered '100' euros and checked to see how much would come out the other end. Then I checked the exchange rate on google and various other websites, and saw that besides the 5 euros, they also took about 2-3% on the exchange rate, only 97 euros of currency actually came through.
So now you're paying 7-8% for one of the most popular remittance amounts (100 euros).
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:13:14
Extra reason why this is interesting: Mollie is a payment provider, a mainstream one. It's like if Paypal added bitcoin, or Mastercard added bitcoin, or a bank enabled bitcoin. They don't have the same size, but in terms of the **type** of company, it's very exciting to see.
@_date: 2014-05-09 09:39:35
@_date: 2014-07-13 11:45:20
LOL, that was pretty awesome, even though GHASH/CEX.IO suck and even though the video got some things quite wrong. We need more of this stuff :)
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:45:05
Well basically a private key allows you to sign a message. Anyone who has the public key can then see if you wrote that message.
That's how bitcoin works. There's 10 bitcoin in address A. You tell the network 'these are my bitcoins, please send them to address B' and sign it with a fake key. The network checks the key and says, this is not the key to address A, sorry, I can't accept this transaction.
Then I use my key to address A and sign the same message. Suddenly it goes through.
Car can work the same. Instead of signing a message saying 'send bitcoins' you can say 'open the car door'. The car door checks the key and opens the door and starts the engine if it's the right key.
But here's the cool part, now you can turn the car's ownership into the access through the private key. He who owns the key to open the car, owns the car. This means one could, if he wanted, sell the car, merely by sending the bitcoin satoshi associated with the car.
The law would need to adapt to this and acknowledge these contracts. A contract is really just a law onto two people who voluntarily sign it. So if contract law accepts it, then we can consider ownership to have changed.
Now that ownership is essentially digital, on the blockchain, we can do cool things. For example we can connect our car to an online obituary. If my name pops up in there, it means I'm dead. I can digitally make sure to sign over my car by creating an automatic transaction of my bitcoin (and thereby my car) when the obituary shows my name.
These are all rough examples and it'll be quite a while until we see this in practice, I think. But it's all definitely possible.
@_date: 2014-05-21 22:30:23
That's pretty cool man :) 
It's like saying nobody should've wasted their time on internet businesses because in 1993 only 15 people were downloading their newspaper through the internet. Come on, it always starts small, it always starts with 0, let's give it a try!
@_date: 2014-07-14 10:32:23
I disagree. Again, my parents would be far safer with their keys 95% AES encrypted cold-storage in locked vaults on encrypted harddrives requiring multi-signature keys from multiple people, than on their android smartphone or windows computer. The first is Coinbase, the second is my parents. 
In the same way that they're much safer to have their euros in a bank than in their wallet.
You can disagree but that's as simple as it is. I'm not making a political argument here. I'm not saying that financial autonomy is bad, or that people shouldn't have control over their money. I'm saying that purely from a practical security point of view, custodial accounts are often safer for a mainstream user.
Will this change? Probably, we'll probably see multi-sig take over. i.e. the custodian has 1 key and lets you configure the behavior of that key (e.g. configure daily spending limits, safe addresses etc) and the user has 2 keys, 1 is kept extremely safe (e.g. on paper), the other is on the phone for quick access. This way no custodian has your money, but they provide a security service for you. But it will take some time before those products are completely user-friendly and working well.
Does that mean all custodians are safe? Not at all. I wouldn't give my private keys to 19/20 bitcoin companies. But for me personally, Coinbase is an exception. They're worth $150m, VC funded, have awesome people on their board and employee list, have great security measures, are working on insuring all funds (they insure some, right now), work transparently in San Fran and have as clients huge billion-dollar companies like Dish and Expedia. Purely from a security point of view I'd recommend them.
@_date: 2014-05-21 09:47:29
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:23:26
This thing is really, really sweet. But I'm not quite sure if it's feasible.
For one, I'd like to see every single bitcoin company, particularly the 'embassies', buy one right away and advertise it on their window.
But beyond that. I mean let's be real, my wifi has a range of about 30 meters. This thing is really hyperlocal. For anyone to happen upon this in a city like London is about 1 in ten thousand. It's quite different from say, an ATM that you know is there and you can just travel to to do something you'd otherwise have a lot of trouble doing. You really need great communication (search, findability) as well as pretty good volume for this to take off.
Two other things I'd love to see you do is one, implement an opt-out feature to publish the location of the bitcoin wifi to an online map server. This map will fade out any bitcoin wifi's that haven't published their location in the past 48 hours. I think that'd be really useful.
Next up, contact Raspberry Pi. They're an awesome bunch of guys, although they have a huge focus on kids education stuff (for which the Pi was designed) they tend to give exposure to some cool projects. Particularly when you get some funding and can build a cool little 45 second animated video or something to showcase the idea, you'd be able to get a lot of exposure at the loads of hacker/makerspace/arduino/raspberrypi type communities. I think not only will this give you a boost in exposure, I think it'd also have a chance of inspiring other bitcoin-based projects. (so much internet-of-things potential.)
Then, I'd love for you to, when you're ready, start reaching out to various cafes that offer internet access. Perhaps you could configure the network to offer a free 150 Kbit/s for email type stuff, and a bitcoin-powered 10 mbit/s network for people looking to do some real work.
Lastly, my two biggest questions... Is a Rasp needed? I mean, sure, the Pi costs about $4 of electricity per year to be online 24/7. But if you could run the same off of say a PC with a network card, or say a laptop, you now have a feasible system that could find rapid adoption. A software update could be huge.
Because basically, what that would mean is that if you're the only guy with a 3g connection in the train that costs you $5 per gigabyte, and 10 people in the train desperately need to check their email, they can hook up their creditcard with Circle and log on to your wifi for $1 each and use 20mb. And it's something everyone could install on their PC, always on in the background (but only using your internet if you make money off of it), like skype or dropbox. Because I fear if you really need to buy a dedicated pi, no matter how cheap it is, it's still a big barrier to entry.
And lastly, what's the legal framework? Not that you should care too much, you're just selling hardware. But I'd assume reselling your internet is probably illegal.
Great stuff once again, keeps us updated :)
@_date: 2014-09-15 21:15:31
Great to see, this is one of the most if not the most promising company to cater to mainstream users, the downside is that they're kind of in stealth and definitely in limited beta. So it's good to see updates from them!
@_date: 2014-09-11 16:52:24
Despite what people think, international payments in large amounts aren't too bad.
For example, my EU bank to a US bank costs 0.1% with a minimum of $10 and a maximum $50 fee.
That's absolute crap when remitting the popular $100 amount (10% fee).
But paying 0.1% on a $10k order, it just isn't an issue and bitcoin doesn't really compete here on cost.
Then there's time factor, such a payment may take a week, but my last client paid me net 90. (90 days after performance I got paid). The usual is either net 14 or net 30 for me. So waiting 5 days on payment isn't a big deal, especially because a lot of business to business is repeat business, i.e. there is a level of trust, and so waiting for payments isn't a big security issue.
But even for those for whom time is an issue, there are already companies servicing this need. e.g. you can send an invoice to a client, then sell the invoice to a collection agency. You get your money right away minus a small fee (e.g. about 1% for 10 days, given the average time it takes for a payment to be processed is 5 days for me, I can get cash instantly at about 0.5% fees)
Surprised? Well I'm not, considering I know of no company trying to do this, and god knows how many bitcoin entrepreneurs and willing VC capital there is to give something like this a shot.
B2B bitcoin payments are awesome, but no business wants that (holding bitcoin) right now. I don't in my business for example, despite holding bitcoin personally. Maybe in a few years. But B2B end-to-end fiat payments built on bitcoin, just aren't that competitive right now, as you need to compare to a banking product that can deliver same-day cash on international transactions for less than 1%. 
If the Circle model can be applied broadly (completely free, instant money transfer), then yes, absolutely, why wouldn't merchants sign up for that, too. But that's still in beta for a reason, and they're looking to on-board consumers for a reason, as there's potentially hundreds of millions of them that could be easily monetized in other ways. So we'll just have to wait and see.
@_date: 2014-05-16 23:24:36
Well Satoshi got a reward (best academic paper) and he walked on stage to accept it :-/ it wasn't that hard to figure out when they announce 'winner is satoshi' and a guy walks up the stage and takes the reward ... it was pretty clear it was supposed to be him because Satoshi obviously wasn't there to accept the reward, and Gavin talked with Satoshi the most, worked with him the most and people often joke he is actually Satoshi.
I mean, it was for this only, otherwise it's just Gavin the core bitcoin developer who was scheduled to do a presentation.
@_date: 2014-09-29 13:11:09


I know. Hence the increase in transactions, that's my point.
@_date: 2014-09-03 10:46:09
The difference is that you can pay with bitcoin by using a signature (private key), without needing other people to see that signature.
This means that if you pay 1000 different people, 0 people have seen your signature. And if you yourself keep it safe, you're good, you're secure.
Then look at creditcards. To make a payment, you need to give someone else (the receiver of the money) your signature. (the creditcard number). If you pay 1000 different people, there are now 1000 people who essentially have the key to your money, the password to your money vault, the information they need to steal any amount of money they would like.
That means you now have to trust these 1000 different people not to steal your money. And not just that, but you also need to trust them to keep it safe and make sure nobody else steals it from them.
In other words, every time you pay someone, you need to trust them not to scam you as well as take care of your security.
That's a broken system.
Furthermore, any costs that are not covered by the individual must be covered by the system/network, which creates all kinds of agency problems. As I as a CC user have to pay when other people's creditcards are misused, so as to prevent the user from paying. This invites carelessness, but it doesn't make the distributed cost any smaller, it's just distributed.
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:18:42
Not sure what the audit will entail, but they're working on an audit right now. Expected to see it this week, time will tell.
Their  look fucking awesome though. But again, no proof. Also, their legal team does great things. Constance Choi has been doing great things. They're the type of people I'd love to work with.
But the jury is still out on where I stand. I use Kraken, love it, but have never seen any proof of anything. Hope the audit will help improve that situation.
@_date: 2014-05-07 14:01:28
There've been about 200m of VC investments in bitcoin already in the past 2 years :)
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:36:03
Sort of. I think it's smart money, but only because I believe in bitcoin. It's quite common for investors to invest in 100 different things, 90 which lose everything, and 9 which double in value and 1 which does 100x growth. That's an example of a typical venture capital firm. The fact they're investing doesn't necessarily mean much as again, 90% of VC investments for example fail. 
Large investers putting 0.1% of their portfolio in bitcoin is a tiny risk for them and they stand to see that grow to 1-10%. It's like a call option, limited risk, yet huge upside potential. However, an individual like you and me can't assess investments like they do, unless you happen to be content with &lt;1% of your portfolio sitting in bitcoin, in that case more power to you.
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:11:36
Love this :D
What the newest positive development will be? Extremely hard to say. But here's one people don't often discuss. I think we'll see ATMs take a bigger role. One thing they'll do is start sharing surety bonds which can drastically reduce their costs and given increasing competition, this will lower fees. Second, they'll transform into multi-channel machines that do more than spit out bitcoin if you put some money in, things like making payments and sending money to friends can happen through ATMs, too, the cool thing is you can use fiat, do the transaction in bitcoin, and get fiat out at the other end, without a bank account being necessary. And lastly I think we might see a small test of one bank's ATM network somewhere in the world to get a software update and actually become a bitcoin ATM in 12 months. 
I think that's pretty cool and I hear too few people talking about it.
edit: article 
@_date: 2014-10-12 17:53:48
It's not. It's been pretty much renounced by the vast majority of Islamic scholars worldwide (besides them being condemned by virtually the entire world including all muslim countries).
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:32:04
1 upvote! @_date: 2014-08-11 14:21:18
This sounds pretty likely...
@_date: 2014-06-19 21:49:19
Better way to do this:
Employee wants to get paid in bitcoin. Goes to codelitt's website and registers. He gets an ID number XYZ. He gives his name, bank acc, bitcoin address and bitcoin-share (e.g. 20% bitcoin).
Employees tell employer 'I changed bank account or w/e. Please send all bitcoin to CODELITT bank acc and please add a message to each transaction with my name and this id number XYZ'.
Codelitt receives payments and checks the payment-message and sees XYZ. Codelitt checks the database for XYZ and sees the employee wants 20% bitcoin to be paid out. Codelitt buys 20 bitcoin on Bitstamp and sends it to the employee's address associated with id number XYZ and does the ACH transfer.
Every week, codelitt wires the money from its bank account to Bitstamp. (could also happen right away, but it's cheaper to batch transactions).
Employer doesn't have to know anything about bitcoin or change anything, except adding the employee's ID number to every wage payment. 
@_date: 2014-06-16 14:32:41
Peta Mine announced they're looking to move away from ghash at some point so keep an eye on that.
@_date: 2014-06-25 14:57:47
Cool stuff.
Have you reached out to Mike Hearn? This would be one of those typically awesome Lighthouse projects. I assume Lighthouse will come too soon, but still always good to network.
I'm wondering is there anything preventing from malware scanning the USB stick just like your printer can access the USB stick to print? If not I kind of fear it's security through unpopularity, in that once this takes off, we'll see specific malware target these sticks. Would love your thoughts on this.
edit: clever, printer-usbs. I'm so poor I'd never seen this before LOL. Good stuff.
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:07:02
Amazing. This is really big news. People forget that merchant adoption has been outpacing consumer adoption for the past 6 months now. We saw Bitpay and Coinbase go from something like 20k to a combined 60k merchants, we saw half a dozen billion dollar companies accept bitcoin. But we didn't an order of magnitude consumer adoption.
This might just drive that. Discounts have been called bitcoin's killer app, but it's true. It's very hard to improve a utility product for a consumer who is used to paying no fees (merchant pays fees), and pretty quick checkouts (say what you will, but a paypal checkout is fast for a consumer). But if you throw dollars in people's faces, that can be a powerful thing.
Very excited, I hope this will be adopted by businesses, I expect it will... 
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:42:32
My girlfriend is in India right now and her creditcard pincode is blocked somehow, and her debit card doesn't work in all but very few ATMs at specific places. As she's travelling around quite a bit, I've been thinking about sending her bitcoin for her to sell... but sadly, there's no real bitcoin economy yet, I'm not sure if I want to let her use localbitcoins and an exchange is too much trouble (bank acc etc, she's only staying a few months).
Just another example though how bitcoin would've been awesome if adopted more. It's not only a hassle for her to get money, but it's really expensive too. One day.
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:21:29
Nope, Sepa works in that your bank is required to charge the same for an international as a national transaction. That's the law.
So if you can send money from a french to a french account for free, then sepa is free, too.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:57:42
Dredging is huge here in the netherlands, despite me knowing 0 dredgers and dredgers representing &lt;0.01% of the population. Why is it big? Because its relatively big.
Same with bitcoin. We rank in the top 5-10 easily in lots of bitcoin metrics despite having 20x fewer people than the us. Relatively per capita bitcoin is big here. That doesnt imply we all use bitcoin at the appie all day urday.
@_date: 2014-06-12 00:02:05
Please have 1 hamburger from me.
And please check my comment in this thread about Mpesa in Uganda! :D
@_date: 2014-12-14 02:46:47


Disagree. Coinbase had 700k wallets on Jan 1st. Today it's roughly 1.9 million. Blockchain.info went from 900k to 2.6m. And those are just two companies. Since Jan 1st we saw Circle launch, as well as mobile wallets for iOS, and a whole host of other (new entrants) solid and professional parties in the wallet market that have reported growth like Armory and Mycelium.
Yes, you can say that X of those wallets are double wallets instead of new users. But that's not a new phenomenon, so it's not relevant to a percentage based question. (i.e. if on Jan 1st 50% of the 700k wallets at Blockchain.info were doubles, and there were only 350k users, and 1 year later they grew to 2.8m and 50% were doubles with only 1.4m users, it's still a 4x growth in users.)
So we've seen wallets increase by 100% to 200%, and if we assume (reasonable) similar percentages of double wallets, then even if we are skeptical, it's very likely that users did indeed outpace the 11.5% growth in bitcoin. Which correlates with a lot of the investments we've seen, as well as things like reddit users growing fast.
What I do think though is that each bitcoiner is on average holding less bitcoin than before. Let's not forget at the beginning of 2013 the price was around $10. There was a huge rally of 100x. There were probably some big holders of bitcoin at the time. Few but large amounts. Mining wasn't as competitive, buying thousands of bitcoin was possible throughout early 2013. Then the price crashed right after a huge media hype that brought in loads of new entrants who soaked up big guys selling off their $10 bitcoin at $500 prices. So it definitely seems that a few large holders of bitcoin sold small numbers to a large amount of new owners throughout all of 2014. So, more users, more owners of bitcoin, but smaller amounts on average.
As for the comment you're quoting, isn't the 'purging of weak hands' in reference to players like Mt. Gox? That sounds quite sensible to me. There are a lot of things I don't know and can't predict, but I don't feel smug in saying that I and many others with me pretty much predicted Mt. Gox to happen someday. There were too many red flags, too many indicators, too many problems, too large a price differential, too many fuckups in the past, too little professional communication to inspire trust that it wouldn't massively fail. So it was definitely a weak hand and it sucked but it was going to happen, better sooner than later, and bitcoin survived quite well despite a historically massively important part of the ecosystem vanished overnight. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 14:28:22
Slightly better. There's so many public records of government actions in the past 20th century, there have been so many scandals, so many whistle-blowers, so many incidents of governments spying, buying, lying, cheating, looking the other way, corruption. I'm not anti-government at all really, for me it's just human nature and governments are 10x more of a boon than a burden for me, but every single country's government is rife with scandals, wikileaks was just a recent tip of the iceberg but many books and newspapers have been written over the decades full of scandals. So for me it's very easy to assume things like that every single government has an NSA equivalent that's spying on its own people. Almost every single government works together with the NSA. Almost every large company anywhere in the world was buddies with the NSA. And it's extremely clear that all of the 'shock and horror' we saw was mostly theater. A few weeks back Marc Andreessen (big bitcoin VC investor in e.g. Coinbase) pissed off a lot of bitcoin people by talking about this very issue and stating that by definition Snowden is a traitor, but that he was extremely surprised of everyone's surprise, he said he thought everyone knew exactly what the NSA was doing. It's an information gathering secret government organisation mandated by the patriot act with a billion dollar budget and 10k people working there, what did we think they were doing? But that's not unique to the US at all. 
Everyone spies and a lot of governments and companies cooperate. e.g. in my country (the Netherlands) Minister Plasterk was under fire just recently for having lied to the public a few months ago saying the Netherlands did not and does not spy on its people (tapping telephones) and did not and does not supply this information on its citizens to the NSA. A few weeks ago he publicly apologized and said this was a lie (in other words).
Every country has laws but they've been broken time and time again. Almost everyone has privacy in the constitution. But look at Guantanamo Bay, it's a de facto prison for people who've not had a trial. (prison without trial is the opposite of justice, the opposite of a Rechtsstaat). Look at drones in Pakistan, which are essentially assasinations by government in a country in which the US has not declared war. Look at the NSA, which is in every way unlawful and unconstitutional if the legal loopholes aren't considered. 
So yes Europe generally has an amazing legal foundation, I love Europe for this, but when it comes to spying on citizens, I doubt it's any better in practice.
@_date: 2014-09-17 13:33:18
Don't know why this is being downvoted, melacs is quite right. Look I'm a big fan of bitcoin, but the problem isn't solved. Bitcoin is in a way a very elegant yet crude way to create the incentives to not lie. 
But lying is still completely possible, and so for any party with enough power who ignores the incentives (either through carelessness, ill intent, or greater opposite incentives) could completely break the system. That's what it means that the problem isn't solved, it's just made such that it's very unlikely to occur because the system's design is set up so that normally you'd be shooting yourself in the foot to try to mess with the system.
It's like saying you solved crime by creating a huge penalty on crime. Or get everyone to go to school by putting a big penalty on dropouts. Obviously people have multiple sets of incentives and driving factors for their behavior. Time will tell if the bitcoin incentives are strong enough for miners to behave properly.
Anyway it's a bit of a game of semantics. Do you call bitcoin a solution to the byz gen problem, or call it a so far succesful practical approach. I don't really care. But to downvote a discourse on whether the byz gen problem is truly solved is to deny double spending hasn't ever happened and will never happen and that's just silly. I can be a big fan of bitcoin without living in a dream.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:19:17
If you want to propose shorter block times you have the burden of proving why the many reasons already posited against it aren't valid or significant enough. Do some research please.
@_date: 2014-04-18 14:38:42
Haha you should become a romantic advisor to guys worldwide.
Check out  :)
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:47:21
Just plugging kipochi here, one of the few interesting things I've seen in this space. M-Pesa has shown lower-(middle) income countries are ready for digital currencies. But M-Pesa works with centralized systems and exists because of a lack of a competitive banking system and quite a lot of backing by the private and public sector.
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:53:05
Hehe exactly the same here. Everytime I'm on my tablet my gf will ask after a while 'How's bitcoin doing?' haha. It's definitely gone from researching the underlying fundamentals to reading about some tweet that someone posts on some thing that Mt. Gox did years ago that I've already read about in 50 different places. 
I'm trying to wind this down a bit. Will probably do a quick weekly coindesk and a single quick daily reddit checkup.
@_date: 2014-03-09 03:33:30
Indeed! Once you travel there it becomes clear pretty quick :D
But yes, many of us, including myself, grew up with a cartographic culture that put Africa at the bottom and made it much smaller in comparison to among others Europe that colonised it for so long and later laid out the borders for Africa's nation states. In reality there is inherent up or down, some maps put Africa on top. After all, North is not 'up', nor is South down, those are just conventions popular today in most places. 
You might find this video funny :)
Best wishes
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:46:27
Good idea buddy :) Hadn't thought about that.
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:19:33
I'm not saying they shouldn't offer this, I'm saying there's no risk of insolvency. That's something you posited (they may be solvent today, but they may not be tomorrow, as such your funds are at risk, is what I'm paraphrasing I interpreted from you.)
Indeed there is risk of extended downtime and mismanagement of keys, that's true. But I think Coinbase is explicitly a company for users who rather have Coinbase deal with all the keys rather than the user. My dad for example would rather risk downtime of Coinbase than have to manage multi-signature which he doesn't even get. Blockchain.info is probably the complete opposite (and they've announced last week to do UI improvements, so their wallets will be a lot nicer soon)
Another thing is that things like cold storage are hard to do while sharing keys with users. They have like 95-98% of bitcoins in cold storage. I'm not sure how that'd work if you had hundreds of thousands of people having multi-sig keys to access that cold storage, for example. Sure the alternative is to simply have multi-sig hot wallets, but for most of Coinbase users, having no keys and having them multi-sig their cold storage is more secure than sharing multi-sig keys and having no cold storage. I mean look at the theft-rate of Coinbase vs Blockchain.info, and then imagine the Coinbase users are less technically minded people on aggregate. I think that says a lot.
So I'm a big supporter of multi-sig, but not for everything and everyone. I think Coinbase is a typical company that may be better off doing multi-sig for themselves on the cold storage, and obfuscating the entire notion of cryptography from the user. And for other wallets like Blockchain.info, Armory, Greenaddress etc to offer a different approach. 
But that's just my opinion.
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:50:24
Well... he's really not a great speaker to a typical audience. Can't stand listening to the guy. Then I looked him up and saw some really ignorant stuff he's said on pretty much anything haha, he's really gone all-out full retard.
Whatever he has to say on bitcoin, I can probably do without. Although if someone wants to summarize the video feel free.
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:32:11
It's a different comparison. Bitcoin is a concept based on math, computer science, cryptography. And most people don't get it. If people look into bitcoin.com right now they need education and a broad selection of knowledge and trustworthy parties. Blockchain.info should be part of that, but not the only one.
@_date: 2014-12-19 07:50:57
For us international sellers, currency conversion is a yummy extra. You're usually out 1-2% because Paypal skims on the conversion fee even beyond the silly spread my bank would charge.
@_date: 2014-05-01 18:43:53
He really doesn't get bitcoin. Ah well.
@_date: 2014-05-08 14:29:49
hehe yeah I just waited 5 days for a bank to confirm a clients' payment to me and paid 3% for the luxury.
@_date: 2014-04-09 11:05:19
The dev has said that with a few hundred thousand users and years of existance (and probably millions of transactions) it only happened a handful of times. Also, it seems if it strikes, it happens to change addresses which are usually very small. For example if you own 100 btc and send 50, your change address might just be 0.1 btc or something. 
So even if you get hit by lightning so to speak, it's a relatively minor loss.
As for the solution, deterministic wallets. These allow you to create all your keys from a seed value, therefore any lost keys can always be regenerated.
@_date: 2014-04-06 19:43:26
Thanks bud. Indeed I looked into it myself a bit and it seems like a political issue in that some people are comfortable with fewer professional-only nodes (which may imply only high-capital industry insiders can build competitive ASICs) and others rather want many low-end nodes to keep things extremely decentralized.
I think the extremely decentralized low-end nodes is something that simply can't work. For example, some altcoins actually have huge security issues because you don't need ASICs, just a regular CPU/GPU, meaning botnets are actually extremely cheap competitive miners that can be rented and used without the honest network ever participating in renting out its power to a single party. Very low-end very decentralized mining invites botnets, but it's also simply not competitive for certain hash functions like SHA-256 (bitcoin).
On the other hand, I do agree that we really don't want to have a situation where 2-3 mining parties have competitive advantages from e.g. holding huge economies of scale due to a first-mover advantage. But, in the end, I can't imagine people preferring bitcoin to be very decentralized but limited to 6x its current size. (i.e. limited a tiny fraction of a single percent of trade in e.g. New York City, Shanghai or London).
I hope we can move towards a culture of best practices. E.g. the industry sees that we have to protect decentralisation, and that mining pools will stay below 15%. If they go above this, the pool has software running to start rejecting miners joining the pool. If the pool doesn't run this software, miners choose another one which does. These sorts of best practices work out for everyone in the end. There will be bad actors, but they'll have difficulty surviving if individual miners vote with their hashing power.
A similar thing I see with exchanges. If an exchange doesn't have automatic monthly cryptographic audits (e.g. proof of ownership) then we should switch over to another exchange. We essentially vote by choosing where to trade our bitcoin and which exchange may incur 0.1% transaction fees. This type of culture drives out bad companies and rewards good ones. It's pretty difficult to do, shaping such a culture, e.g. BTC-E is an anonymous company with few guarantees and a high risk-profile due to lax KYC/AML making them a likely Fincen target (look at Liberty Reserve) and they've got anonymous owners, employees and offices making it very unlikely they can ever be held accountable in case they defraud customers. Yet, people continue using it.
But if such a culture can exist, it can have a huge impact and we could be much more comfortable with fewer professional mining operations even if they're partly centralized in pools.
Just some thoughts :)
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:00:26
I don't understand... you can download the blockchain from thousands of different nodes... and in it you have blocks, and with those blocks you can calculate the inputs/outputs of a given address and find its balance... no 3rd party required?
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:02:38
so... uninformed... ugh.
@_date: 2014-05-23 11:06:29
Ouch, not good. It's one of those things in 2 years journalists will still refer to 'but even seasoned bitcoin veterans and investors are not secure, how can my mom ever be?' even if it's bs.
Sorry for him. At least he got rich without much risk, has a lot of money in promising companies and probably has cold storage left.
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:00:44
disposable money... excess... money I don't need.
@_date: 2014-06-11 23:43:04
Awesome! Javascript/NodeJS newbie here, would love to work on bitcoin stuff but didn't really know where to start, and having to run bitcoind as well scared me off a bit. This is EXACTLY what I've been looking for, thanks so much! Watching now, hope there'll be more JS/Bitcore walkthroughish videos.
I'm not rich but please have *edit* hamburger :D --- just saw you're not James, whoops. 
Still, 5 upvotes for posting this for you sir I'll leav this comment up here and redirect James if I catch him somewhere on reddit!
I have a question for you by the way, Uganda is next to Kenya and I've heard of some Mpesa usage in Uganda, too... I was wondering if you know how prevalent it is... Have you heard that Bitpesa just launched last Saturday and allow easy funds transfers from bitcoin to Mpesa in Kenya? It might be something you'd be interested in using for your friends/family in Uganda, but I'm not sure if there's enough Mpesa usage there. In any case, it's just the beginning, one of many seeds planted in Africa :D
Thanks again
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:31:42
Well, Coinbase has a software as a service, too, only you pay a relative base instead of an absolute base, it's still SaaS.
As for rates. Coinbase has a 0% rate for the first $1m of payments processed. Most small webshops process $1m of sales revenue in about 2-3 years and that's in fiat! Their bitcoin sales will very likely be &lt;5% of that, meaning they get complete and utterly free bitcoin processing for a long time. After that, it's 1%. Bitpay doesn't have this offer of free up to $1m.
And Bitpay has a 1% program, too. You can either pay $1 or $10 per day, or you can pay 1% of whatever you process, it's up to you. The 1% may actually turn out better as probably a good 50% of shops (guestimate) of shops process less than $100 a day in bitcoin, meaning the 1% deal both Coinbase and Bitpay offer is a better deal than the $1/10 for most companies at this point.
So, while I love Bitpay and like them better than Coinbase, I can't fault Coinbase for their fee structure at all!
As for 2-3%, yes, it sounds little, but we shouldn't forget many companies live on razor thin profit margins. Amazon had 0.35% margins in 2013, if they could cut 1-2% off their fees they'd easily triple their profits on any bitcoin sale. The effect on the bottom line (profits) is often 50-100% on a bitcoin sale, how crazy is that?
And, the merchant has no worries of chargeback risks. If you talk to any ecommerce business, that's a huge load off of their shoulders.
Thanks for voicing your concerns, it's important! 1 upvote @_date: 2014-06-15 20:13:31
No problem :)
Check out Pantera and SecondMarket's BIT for the funds.
@_date: 2014-06-22 12:25:41
This is my 3-step explanation:
First it explains that money is really just memory. A good form of memory is a ledger. Then it explains how a digital ledger is superior to an analogue ledger (dollar bills as tokens, vs ownership of digital slots in a digital ledger). Then it briefly goes into why it's important to have a decentralized ledger. (as in, why is bitcoin better than e.g. paypal making a digital currency)
In terms of valuation, really it's just supply and demand. Nothing more, nothing less. Look into the quantity theory of money on e.g. wikipedia, it goes into this. Currencies don't have to be 'backed' by anything as long as they have utility. e.g. why is gold valuable? Not because we think it's pretty. We think it's pretty because it's valuable. e.g. look up aluminium, before we could create it cheaply in a factory it was extremely rare and much more expensive than gold. It was used for only the finest jewelry, cutlery or plating of the most important things. e.g. the Washington monument is partially plated in aluminium because it showed wealth and power. Today it's cheap, though just as pretty, we don't value it in our jewelry because it's cheap. Gold is not much different, and no fiat currency on earth today is actually backed by gold anymore anyway.
The technical aspects are hard to 'just explain' in the same way it's not easy to someone with no history in engineering to just explain how the fuck a bridge stays up while thousands of trucks drive on it. Generally we accept that people in the specific field know what they're doing. Bitcoin is no different. There've been PhDs in computer science and cryptography who looked at it, the source code is open-source, anyone can review it and thousands have, and so far nobody found a way to just create some extra bitcoin. Which is interesting, because there's literally a billion dollar prize (huge incentive) if you could manage this. In other words, imagine someone engineered a bridge with a prize of $1b dollars if you could find a weakness, but nobody does, not even other engineers. As a non-engineer I don't have to know engineering to appreciate that fact. But there are loads of resources available that explain how bitcoin works, the simple explanation isn't very interesting. (e.g. you'd be talking about computers trying to solve big dynamically-shifting sudoku puzzles, hard to solve a massive sudoku puzzle, but easy to verify it's correct. As more people try it, it's solved faster, so the software makes the puzzle harder etc. This creates proof of work etc etc. It all sounds a bit weird until you get into it quite deeply.)
As for pricing in relation to 'real' currency, so what? Everything has a price, you can denominate it however you want. e.g. if $10 buys you 1 movie ticket, and 1 bitcoin costs $100, then you can price the bitcoin by denominating it in other currencies like $100, or in goods like 10 movie tickets. I don't really see why that affects anything? You can denominate value in any way you want. e.g. $1 or $10 is meaningless until you value it in relation to goods, or other currencies or gold, but the number is completely arbitrary. e.g. if you added a 0 to every dollar bill in the world magically, all prices would go up by tenfold and it'd be exactly the same, it's all relative.
Regulation essentially happens by democracy. Bitcoin is governed by software. If you change the software, you get a fork of the blockchain. So unless everyone accepts the new blockchain, the software is just ignored and people continue on the regular old blockchain. 
By analogy, imagine if you change the dollar-system, say the government just created trillions of new dollars out of thin air devaluating everyone's money, now imagine say that these new dollars under the new system would go from green to red... but everyone kept on using the green dollars and nobody accepted the red dollars. This way, the green dollars stay exactly the same, nothing changes for anyone and everyone rejects the new system and its red dollars. Nobody can play the system except if there is agreement/concensus. 
@_date: 2014-08-05 14:24:19
Aah okay. Well I think you'll hear from them sometime this summer about the card.
About the Google Auth. I'm wondering, is it only for a one-time setup? If so you can take the QR code and print screen it and then plug it into a myriad of QR code readers that read from images. (although do keep in mind security considerations here).
If it's something you'd need to do on every transaction then yeah that sucks. Hope Xapo will respond to you soon. Btw, why is scanning impossible, do you have a smartphone running a Google Auth app without a camera?
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:03:59
Alright, technically speaking, the customer pays 0%. 
The merchant pays about 44 cents usually, about 0.1% on an average bitcoin transaction. Of course, the customer has to pay this in the end. I don't think it's anything anyone worries about.
At the end of the day, the prices vary a bit, sometimes they're 2-3 euros above, sometimes 2-3 euros below what I normally see on Kraken or Bitstamp. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 19:08:22
People need to understand that it's literally the equivalent of printing the pin code to e.g. a bank vault you own (which is publicly accessible to anyone with the pin code). It's like printing out your email + email password, only then your email is actually a bank vault. Who'd do this?
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:16:16
This is a very very poorly handled case. Barely any transparency, no hint of the investigators understanding the implications of blockchain technology, no facts at all released about what happened (stolen keys, lost keys, inside job, hackers, server issues, no cold storage, did the loss occur in 2014 or way earlier in 2013 etc).
My biggest worry is that it'll come back to bite us. What was it, $500m? That's almost 1/10th of all coins. Will they be dumped one day? And what happened to the 200k coins, $100m, that would be liquidated? Will they be given back, or first sold and then returned? It's a mess and one of the few major liabilities that lay dormant.
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:50:20
That's fine, if you encrypt it properly you could broadcast it at the superbowl if you wanted, put it on your facebook, reddit and spam-email the entire world. Just make sure you get it right :P
Be careful with untrusted wifi, spoofing happens quite a bit especially in popular hotels. Ensure SSL connections with the website and try to isolate your risk. (e.g. having 1 paper wallet of 10 bitcoin and loading it into a wallet for spending is a lot less safe than having 20 paper wallets of 0.5 bitcoin). The risk exposure is when you actually sweep the paper wallet and use it. Unless of course you carry a separate always-off device that just signs transactions, like a mini laptop or a trezor.
Anyway what I do is I keep a cold encrypted paper wallet in my email, with some backups here and there The address is in my email without encryption. I keep a few hundred bucks on an insured hot wallet with 2FA (circle/coinbase/xapo). And then I carry some paper wallets worth a few thousand with me (with email backups) with very lightweight encryption (easy to memorize password, but would still take weeks to break, but not trillions of years). I just sweep the keys with my hot wallet to top up (that I use on my phone). The paper wallets are safe, the hot wallet has some risks but fairly minimal (2FA against malware, keyloggers etc, pin/password/find my phone against theft, insurance against counterparty risks) and never any large amounts. 
I don't like desktop wallets because it's harder to get 2FA set up, so they're a bit more prone to someone just keylogging your encryption password or seed, and/or stripping your wallet.dat file, or screen recording it. All of this is pretty rare, but specific malware for specific apps on iOS that also circumvents your 2FA is even less likely.
@_date: 2014-07-07 22:10:01
Sure. It's just not something I'm blown away by, personally. Again as in my first post, I think it's nice to see, always love seeing progress on the client, but it's not really news that's all, it's something nobody ever had problems doing for years, so I thought I was missing something, that's all.
@_date: 2014-12-11 04:28:49
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:22:42
Some size information:
* 2013 gross bookings: $39 billion (thanks 1 upvote * 2013 revenues: $4.7 billion
* Market cap: $9.7 billion
Industry characteristics of airline/hotel booking? Razor-thin profit margins and large amount of ecommerce (onling shopping) powered by creditcards. Characteristics of creditcards? 2-3% merchant fees. 
It's a clever move! Only hotels for now, but they've said if it works out, they'll do other bookings, too.
+1 for Coinbase! Bitpay and Coinbase are really stepping up their shit in a major way. If Coinbase can onboard Dish and Expedia within a forthnight months after $30m funding, I wonder who Bitpay will on-board near the end of the year :)
On another note, another example of merchant adoption outpacing consumer adoption. One has to go first, always, so that's fine, but let's hope we can see some strong growth metrics soon on the consumer side, too.
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:28:34
Yup, it's really stupid. Quantitative analysis is very hard to do in a world where policy and individual fuck ups have the biggest impact on price.
Look at China, look at Mt. Gox. Neither could be explained through historical price charts or analysis of velocity of money or adoption trends. Rather, the other way around. The charts, the prices, the velocity, are explained by those events, and you can't predict those events by painting some silly lines on the peaks of graphs.
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:48:36
You should become a scientist....
.... *cue Borat voice*
@_date: 2014-07-17 11:37:20
Well of course it's hard to measure e.g. in a graph. One is quantitative, the other very much qualitative. But yes, there is a correlation, only its factor is very much delayed. In the same way that exercise &amp; diet does not produce weight loss the day after, but obviously there is a correlation, its impact is simply delayed.
So yes I do think there will be a consolidation of the price up to around $900-1000 by the end of the year.
@_date: 2014-08-26 11:32:43
This - technically not a cold wallet.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:21:11
It's hard. There's not much data available. The key question to ask yourself 'why is the velocity of money important?'. I'll explain why that's an interesting question.
So the blockchain records all bitcoin transactions but the blockchain does NOT record all transactions in the bitcoin ecosystem. And that's an extremely important difference.
For example, a Coinbase customer paying a Coinbase merchant is a transaction in the bitcoin ecosystem. Yet, it's an off-chain transaction. Coinbase makes no record of this transaction on the blockchain, it simply changes its internal accounts.
Bitstamp has trade volume of $5m every day, yet most of that is not recorded on the blockchain. It's off-chain.
In other words, bitcoin powers a lot of payments where the blockchain is only used for a final settling system. So even if you could do perfect analysis of the blockchain, you'd still limit your understanding of the 'impact' of bitcoin. 
As for 'perfectly analyzing the blockchain'. There's a few problems. First are change transactions. If I send 5 of my 10 bitcoin to you, it's likely my wallet will actually take 6 bitcoin, then send 5 to you, and 1 to me. It's a technical point that's not really relevant here, it's important to note that some bitcoins are transacted from the owner to himself and aren't really supposed to be counted. Yet they appear in the blockchain. There are ways to approximately exclude this volume.
Second are 'blatant' transactions from the owner to himself, and it's a lot harder to measure this. E.g. I can send 1 bitcoin in 20 addresses to one address of 20 bitcoins, just to keep all coins in one address. It's very hard to know though whether 20 people made a 1 bitcoin payment to an individual, or for an individual to send 20 bitcoin to himself. Another example is Bitstamp, to prove it actually owned its users' bitcoin it sent 180k bitcoins to itself. All these transactions shouldn't really count because they don't represent transactions between two parties. But it's very difficult to see whether these transactions are actual payments or just proof of ownership or consolidation of multiple addresses. 
In other words, it's quite hard to calculate velocity because it's hard to measure 'real' volume.
@_date: 2014-05-04 10:52:17
Because when they hear 'internet ID' they don't hear 'login credentials to e.g. file your taxes online, download your medical records or register for federal student loans', they hear 'ID to use the internet so you can be tracked 24/7 by government spies when you use facebook or email'.
@_date: 2014-03-23 18:42:05
Thanks for clearing this up.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:05:03
Indeed some would still try it. As for the police's unfamiliarity, I'm seeing this on a long-term where this wouldn't be a factor. 
I posted here about some possible ways to mitigate or remove risk:
The basic idea is this:
Merchants have say a 0.1% fraud rate, which means there's an economic model already to remove risk: charge 0.1% or up to 0.5% in fees when bearing risk, which doesn't remove fraud, but it more than compensates for it.
Users now have an option, either pay e.g. 0.5% extra, or use an low-risk payment option. What options are those?
* Wait 10 minutes for a confirmation to prevent double-spending. For a coffee, people gladly pay 0.5%. For a $3k gold watch, some people gladly pay and return 10 minutes later to prevent them paying $15.
* Use a wallet with a verified ID. E.g. Coinbase may offer a no-cost double-spend insurance to a merchant, as long as the merchant only accepts wallets with verified IDs. (e.g. a Coinbase wallet that is linked to a verified ID/Bank) The risk is still there, but Coinbase gladly takes the risk as double-spending by traceable identities is unlikely to the extent it's a small business expense worth paying.
* Use an off-chain wallet. e.g. a Coinbase customer paying a Coinbase merchant doesn't use the blockchain. It just uses some internal Coinbase bitcoin credit. Because it's off-chain, double-spend isn't even a concept that exists here. The user would have to hack Coinbase itself to defraud the system.
* Use multi-signature. e.g. you make a wallet with two multi-signature private keys. You give one of these keys to a trusted party like a Bank or Google. They run an automated service to sign every transaction that's already been signed by your private key EXCEPT if it's already signed these bitcoins before. You can't double-spend now because it requires a centralized service. 
In all these cases the merchant can comfortably offer 0 confirmations. In all other cases, the user is liable and should either wait 10 minutes or be willing to compensate for the average fraud-rate, which is something low like 0.5%.
Of course, inherently this isn't a problem for many applications in e-commerce due to the reversibility of service. (e.g. a Netflix subscription or an order of some books will be stopped minutes after purchase).
@_date: 2014-10-16 18:08:16
Thanks! :)
@_date: 2014-04-27 19:58:45
I'd say so. Bitonic (using Ideal) is amazing, so easy, but there's quite a large bid/ask spread so I'm hesitant to praise it. Kraken is great, but it's an exchange which isn't the easiest thing for everyone. We don't really have a Coinbase type service with a 1% fee, which really is very easy. For me the Netherlands is Nr1, but I can argue for the US being Nr1, too, particularly with Rabo being so anti-bitcoin which is a very large chunk of our banking system.
@_date: 2014-10-04 12:10:51
@_date: 2014-10-19 16:49:24
Yeah Chain have been doing some great stuff. Seems the Team really knows what it's doing. They wrote a beautiful article earlier this month, too. [0]
With $10m funding they're hiring, too. (all San Fran)
[0] 
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:53:12
I'd been reading a ton about bitcoin about 12 months ago, finally bought in around Nov-Dec when it became impossible to ignore, but also bought into some altcoins which only then started to get popular on any scale. Of course Nov-Feb was basically the era of pump &amp; dumps where suddenly we had 100 new altcoins, most never materialized. Fortunately I only bought $100 of Zeta (a small percentage of my btc holdings) and held out through the dip and sold it like 4 months later haha, long wait! 
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:13:35
billion monthly active users, 2004-2014.
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:10:09
It's funny he puts so much trust in a plastic card with the password to his money vault.
@_date: 2014-05-17 11:08:00
Next news from Coinbase? 100k new wallets in the past month, as pretty much all the months before it. Add a few thousand merchants a month, too.
There's 1m users today and 7000m non-users, there's room for more than one company.
Two things are expected for this year though. One is that Fred (co-founder) said they expect a few billion-dollar retailers like Overstock get on-board, and in April he said they expected the first in June. Quite often these things arise after casual talks back and forth for months, so it's likely they're working with companies right now.
And secondly they're working on a buy-back feature which will be interesting. i.e. you spend $50 on socks, Coinbase will automatically buy $50 of bitcoin for you from your bank money. 
Those are the two things I think will come out pretty soon.
I'm not sure if we can really expect 'killer-news' from Coinbase suddenly. But this notion that in about 1 year they've created a small ecosystem with lots of users and merchants who do business with each other in a way that's cheaper, easier and less risky than using creditcards is huge already, in my opinion. Even if they'd silently grow by 10% month-over-month like they do now without making any slick moves, it's huge. 10% m-o-m growth like Coinbase is showing is hard to understate. It's near 100x growth in 4 years time.
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:00:37
Most people seem to disagree and would prefer paying 1000 satoshis for a coffee than 0.00001 bitcoin. There is a difference.
And again, the problem only gets worse, while the change only gets better. 1000 satoshis becomes 10 satoshis for a coffee with a 100x price rise. There are loads of countries, like China, where you'll buy a coffee for 20 yuan, or Japan where you'll buy a coffee for 500 yen. That makes a lot of sense for billions of people.
But 0.00001 bitcoin becomes 0.0000001 bitcoin with a 100x prise rise. It only becomes more confusing.
I mean you can take this to the extreme. Say we had only 21 bitcoins worldwide, but a bitcoin consisted of a trillion satoshis.
Would you say there is 'no difference' to paying 20 satoshis, or paying 0.00000000000001 bitcoin? That there is absolutely no difference in behavior, in perception, in emotion, in confusion, in the ability for people to look at that 0.0000000000000001 bitcoin transaction and not say 'wtf? that's weird' as opposed to '200 satoshis for a coffee, that's not so crazy'.
Perhaps you are the unique exception, but for other people it matters. If it's all the same to you, and you just look at the fiat value, why oppose it, if others appear to like it more.
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:18:53
Alright, for once and for all:
* Bitcoin mining (obtaining bitcoins from mining) has NOTHING TO DO WITH TRANSACTIONS. These are seperate things. Remember, if 0 transactions are made ever, you can still mine 25 bitcoin every 10 minutes. If 1 trillion transactions are made a second, you can still only mine 25 bitcoins every 10 minutes. Bitcoin mining is seperate from processing transactions. Yes, they are related (by-products of eachother), but they are NOT CORRELATED.
* As 25 bitcoins are mined every 10 minutes, regardless of whether 0 or 1 trillion transactions are processed, mining bitcoins is not part of the marginal costs of a transaction. I.e., in financial terms, 1 extra transaction does not generate X amount of extra mining costs, because mining is seperate, it happens regardless of whether many or no transactions are made.
* (Marginal) Cost of transactions are therefore limited to the bitcoins paid explicitly for processing the transaction. On average year-to-date this amount has typically been around 10 cents, per bitcoin it's a small fraction of a percent.
Besides this, there are systemic costs. Again, these are NOT transaction costs. Mining bitcoins is inflation of the monetary supply, nothing more, nothing less. This devalues money. Yes, bitcoin is devalued every single year. This year it will be 11.11%. The difference with fiat? In 15 years, the annual inflation rate is less than 1%, a few years after it's less than 0.1% and shortly after it's near zero. However, again, these are not transaction costs. The US dollar's inflation averaged 2.45% over the past 20 years, that's a systemic cost, it's not a transaction cost. It means by the way $100 in 1993 would only be worth $60 today 20 years later.
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:35:04
Ukrainian currency **lost about 70% of its value** versus the dollar in the past 6 years.
Given the political uncertainty of the region, I'd urge any Ukrainian to look into bitcoin. This I think is a great start, let's hope the fees can come down.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:54:36
Agreed. Just create a mnemonic password, it's easy. You take 10 words and use it as a seed. As there are easily 200k english words, you effectively have 200k ^ 20 amount (1.024e+53) different seeds which is more than enough.
Then all you have to do is write it down on 5 pieces of paper instead of trying to remember it. Buy some sticky plastic for 5 cents at a local shop, put the paper on, cut it out, then go to your bank and put it in a safety deposit box, keep one at home, whatever. 
You can iterate on this however you wish. e.g. putting it in a locked vault, encrypting the words etc.
Only cool thing for a brain wallet is a small amount of coin, like $50, so that you can always access some money from anywhere and it' wouldn't be the end of the world if you forgot 5 years later.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:31:05
err yeah my bad wasn't thinking.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:46:52
Please recognize if 20 years ago you were discussing the Internet's potential and someone said 'the Internet allows you to distribute books, films or music for free' of course someone would be correct to say 'but it costs $1 per minute to be connected to the Internet right now and it takes 6 hours to download an album'. But it's obviously not the point to be myopic. 
5% ATM fees are obviously not the lowest ATMs can go and it's likely at some point we can send money using this system (probably without even involving an ATM, it's just an example using systems we're familiar with today) to easily send fiat money to eachother at a fraction of today's costs. It's more likely that the conversion to fiat will not even be a necessary step for many users at some point. Just trying to illustrate an example here.
@_date: 2014-06-30 09:34:17
You probably completely missed my point, but I can't be sure because you throw out 1 word sentences.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:50:15
Then it's not cold is it? If you can just remotely insert it into the system with a script. I don't believe Mt. Gox's description of cold anymore.
Describing a hot wallet as cold will probably someday in the future be an illegal offense in some digital law preventing companies from providing financial misinformation to its customers. For now, it's like the wild west, anything goes. The community needs to really self-regulate and come up with best practices unless it wants regulation to cover these things.
@_date: 2014-04-01 23:47:05
This is great. The asshole got summoned to a court to explain things that will likely finally be made public to some extent.
And if he fails, his assets in the US won't be frozen AND he's in violation of US law. It's likely Japan will extradite him. Japan and the US have decades old extradition treaties.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:36:15
Consider reading this and make up your own mind:
I use it but I do keep my wallets cold. Everyone has to exercise financial responsibility. Don't increase your exposure beyond what is necessary.
@_date: 2014-09-14 18:38:02


Seems like a pretty huge consensus. Doesn't matter if people read it or not. Most Christians or jews haven't ever read the bible cover to cover, yet they all agree on the fact that there is a god. Similarly, there is indeed *consensus on the value of the patriot act*, that was my statement. If 357 people versus 66 vote in favor of something, I think that shows an overwhelming majority valuing that something.
But it goes beyond the patriot act. The constitution clearly says the president has no authority to wage war, except if attacked itself. Otherwise it requires approval from congress. But over and over again, violated by Bush, criticized by democrats and Obama, now adopted by democrats and Obama.  
Exact same for Guantanamo bay, which is administered by the US, therefore subject to the constitution, therefore subjects have a right to due process, people cannot be detained without a charge, and if a charge is made, it must go to trial. This goes for any person, including non-citizens or otherwise, naturally. This too, violated by Bush, criticized by democrats and Obama, now adopted by democrats and Obama.  
When Bush was in power, this was heavily criticized by democrats. When democrats do it today, republicans nor democrats oppose it in any substantial amount. And as there's no political disagreement, the media generally doesn't cover it, either. That's what I mean with political consensus. Of course it's murky, of course bills go unread, of course some small pockets of opposition remain, of course there was a clamor for changes and transparency regarding the NSA, but I'm definitely not seeing the truth of my statement change, there's political consensus on a lot of issues that democrats used to use to chide the republican incumbents, and have now adopted many of those policies. That's worrying to someone like me who thought the democrats were bad enough even before they leaned republican on various civil liberties issues.
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:38:22
Vault of Satoshi is one of the best companies worldwide in my opinion and it's in Canada, and has no fees for a while as a promotion.
It is an exchange though, which is a bit of a hassle to register with, comparable to opening a bank account a bit I guess.
Other than that, not sure... you can try to see if there's an ATM around, you can also buy some bitcoin at localbitcoins.com if there's someone selling in your city. You can then just have the bitcoin sent to a wallet which you can run on your PC, on your android phone, in a browser (blockchain.info, coinbase etc)
Remember please start with small amounts of money, try it out, then decide to go big if you want :)
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:02:12
What people don't understand is that distribution isn't easy and you have to understand the target audience.
It's a brilliant documentary for mainstream audiences. It talks about bitcoin in a way that's inspirational, heralds back to the days of idealistic notions of technology, makes comparisons with the good in the world that the internet has created. People eat that shit up, and my parents need to see that.
The problem is that once you release it on torrent or on your website, TV channels aren't going to buy a license anymore and won't air the video.
So it's really important to get the distribution deals in place to the mainstream audiences. Where it appears on a channel that millions of people watch everyday regardless. Once that happens, the torrent is pretty much available the same day because some enthusiast records it and puts it up.
Now I understand people are frustrated and that's fine. I'd love to see the movie too. But for me, I'd rather look at the bigger picture. Would I rather want to see it now by keeping the documentary on a single website or a torrent, something my parents or friends will never ever get to see or even know about? Or do I wait weeks or hell, even months, for the documentary to have a chance to get watched by millions around the world. I'd rather be patient for the good of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-29 15:05:44
It's not about honesty, it's about not scaring off small merchants with $3.6k or $36k annual processing fees to accept a currency that has only a few million users worldwide.
Those tiers are for larger enterprises, franchises. Account managers make calls to them, spend time getting them on-board, for the largest ones Bitpay will send a small team to make the sale and help with implementations. But for the typical enterprise visiting the website, they want the focus to be on the $360 per year package.
Is that the best value? Well, if you make more than 36k in bitcoin sales per year, else the 1% fee would be the best value. Now ask yourself, do most merchants generate more than 36k in bitcoin sales? I doubt that. After all, Bitpay did 100 million in total sales between may 2011 and dec 2013. 100million in 2.5 years, including the large merchants.
For 20k merchants to do 36k revenue on average for a typical non-large merchant (who'd either choose the 1% or $30), they'd have to process 720 million in merchant revenue this year of non-large merchants alone.
Obviously, for typical non-enterprise merchants, the 1% fee is a way better value than $30, for now.
Is that dishonest? Not in my opinion. But acting as if they're self-sacrifising angels that will tell a user about the best deal for the user, even if it costs them money, is nonsense. This is business people. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 22:25:16
Thanks so much for the generous tip and to whoever gilded the post! :)
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:50:00
They just 'found' some private keys huh. 
Remember, Mt. Gox did 200k net income in 2012, less than 2 million net income in 2013. 
So they essentially 'found' a password to a vault holding about 120 million dollars that they forgot about. Ridiculous bullshit for a company that barely makes $0.2 million in profit last year.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:50:55
Hi all, some ATM questions!
- are relatively high fees inherent to ATMs? 
- how low can ATM competition drive down the fees?
- what is the cost-breakdown for an ATM. e.g. 5% is volatility, 1% is KYC costs, 2% is profit KYC? 
No guesses please. Would love actual sources/data on this, estimates are okay if they're based on something.
On another note, what happened to Zip Zap and is there any news in this space? (A bitcoin company selling bitcoin online and using physical stores like 7/11 to allow customers to pay fiat here directly and leave with a paper wallet).
@_date: 2014-08-04 11:36:55
Well, Gavin is a cautious man who is a realist and doesn't like to see people betting their life on something risky. But he also knows that there are multiple $150m+ companies *completely* dependent on bitcoin (like Bitpay, Coinbase), he also knows bitcoin transfers amount to more than a billion dollars each month. So it's far more than 'just' an experiment.
And it's no more true than saying you, yes you, and I, could die this very second. Our body could just stop. Heart attack. There's tons of examples of things that could completely implode right now, but don't, and bitcoin is one of them.
But I don't disagree with Gavin even on sentiment. I personally do see bitcoin still as something in its infancy. I can't really say 'if x y and z happens, it's now mature and safe' exactly. But a few obstacles and things are still unclear. One is regulation and mainstream adoption. If you see big banks or 100m people using it, it's pretty easy to say that it's got a good chance of sticking. If we can figure out scalability to e.g. 100 or 1000 TPS, that'd bring a lot of confidence. If we can prevent any pool from more than 25% of the hashrate for 12 months straight, that'd be a big sign of confidence. There's all these little things that are still unclear, which is why it's nascent, experimental, uncertain. I guess once you figure out a few of those big things, the sentiment will change.
@_date: 2014-04-16 21:23:07
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:22:44
That's what I meant by selling private means, letting people buy in to bitcoin by buying in to the fund.
@_date: 2014-06-25 12:43:05
Agreed. Ponzi is perhaps a bit of a strong word, I don't like using it. It's certainly not an intentional ponzi, but de facto it just might be. 
A ponzi is basically a business that takes in more money than it pays out. Whether cloud mining is that depends on the company.
Some basic logic:
If a miner pays $10 for a mining rig that generates $15 of btc rewards, then the miner has no incentive to rent it out for any less than $13. He might sell it for $13, because he doesn't have to run or manage it or pay for electricity. But renting for $13 means you have to do all the work, but instead of gaining $15, you gain $13. No miner would do this. A miner would only start to be incentivized to rent out for &gt; $15. However, this is a negative investment for the person renting, because he now pays &gt; $15 in return for $15.
As such there's a theoretical notion that cloud contracts that earn $15 would therefore be valued at $15 and therefore be priced at $15. As such, it's a bit of a zero-sum game to exchange these contracts. However if you also factor in fees, it because a negative investment. Which means that this technically carries the characteristic of a ponzi (systemic negative investment)
Let's look at the fees:
As of writing the fee is $0.26 cents. A GH/S costs as of writing $4.20. The fee per month is thus 6.1%. Note, this is per month.
On top, there is a 0.2% fee to buy GH/S and a 0.2% fee to sell GH/S. So a complete loop would cost you an additional 0.4%. 
If you keep your GH/S for 1 month, you pay 6.5%. For two months, you pay 12.6%. For three months 18.7%.
But, cex.io says, these fees are for electricity, hosting and repairs. So obviously that means the GH/S price excludes all that, and is just the costs of the hardware which should be cheap, because a ~20% fee for running hardware for 3 months isn't cheap, the hardware must be.
So let's compare the cex.io GH/S of $4.2 itself with other hardware. The Antminer 1 costs $1.25 per GH/S. Wait, what? The Antminer 2 costs $2.2 per GH/S. A Neptune 3rd batch costs $2 per GH/S. I can go on.
So let's be clear. Buy a GH/S at cex.io, keep it for 3 months, then sell it, and you've paid near 20% in fees on your purchase price, and you paid 200-300% more for your hardware, and statistically GH/S has devalued in price in correlation with difficulty rising (i.e. roughly 20x value drop in the past 8 months)
If you run the numbers (and I have quite a few times) a GH/S just doesn't a positive return. That's why I used the word ponzi, but I don't feel very strongly about it, I don't mind not calling it a ponzi but there are some signs it might just be one that's all, but indeed it's a bubble for sure.
There are small reasons to rent out hashing power by the way. The key one is cashflow. i.e. getting $14 today is better than $15 over the course of 3 months, as $14 can be reinvested. But importance of this depends on the discount rate, but I doubt it's very significant and of course doesn't warrant this huge discrepancy in real value and market value we see right now.
The reason why people disregard this is perhaps because the calculations are, while straightforward, not clear unless you understand the whole process. Most people who buy cloud contracts probably don't calculate their returns, and if they do, forgo to calculate things like difficulty increases which are profound (e.g. difficulty is 13x that of the January level earlier this year) and thus get misleading results.
@_date: 2014-10-02 13:37:18
Oh I don't mind, I lived in Montreal while studying at McGill. Wonderful place, but I forgot about the accent of all my friends there!
Good luck with the conference in two weeks by the way, let us know how it goes :)
@_date: 2014-07-13 22:50:05
That's why I said 'Yup' and not 'Nope'... :-/
@_date: 2014-08-08 13:26:36
Nah. You can deposit bitcoin into Coinbase completely for free, send and receive, again, completely for free.
You pay 1% when converting one currency (dollars) for another (bitcoin). Try doing currency conversion at Paypal for free. Obviously that's the biggest joke ever. I've lost hundreds of dollars as a business to Paypal currency conversion fees (on top of of course, the fees to receive money, which Coinbase doesn't have).
And Paypal is notorious for fraud that goes unpunished. There are a billion stories of Merchants sending product after payment, and seeing the payment reversed after. Coinbase doesn't allow this. Which is a good deal, because Overstock is much less likely to intentionally and blatantly defraud customers by not shipping than the other way around (customers receiving products and not paying), so this is the least risky burden in my opinion. Which is great as a customer, because when others defraud my merchant, he's going to have to increase prices if he wants to remain profitable more so than he otherwise would, meaning I pay for other people's fraud as a customer, too. Much less so with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:37:25
It's a bit like if someone says 'bitcoin private key's can't be hacked' you don't go out and say 'that's not true, if you had x billion years with y supercomputers, you could'. It's arguing the point.
In the end, blockchain.info is a company worth millions with pretty huge opportunities to be a market leader in one of the most important innovations we've seen recently. They're not going to throw that away by stealing a tiny percentage of coins by willingly and knowingly completely changing the infrastructure of their codebase in a way that will immediately and obviously incriminate them for the rest of their lives. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 19:24:55
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:34:07
Hehe, good question. For me, yes. Vaurum is a company Tim Draper is invested in, and essentially he bought them bitcoin stock, just like a carpet salesman might but carpets, he bought Vaurum an inventory of bitcoin to allow people to trade (on which they gain a fee). 
Technically it's still his money, but it's very much a venture capital investment in general, and also more specifically as an investment into the company he already invested in before.
Whether you'd want to really designate it as such,  I don't know. I personally like to keep my statistics clean and let VC investments refer only to direct purchase of equity for money of a startup company and nothing else. But it's definitely VC money.
@_date: 2014-06-07 17:23:39
You can't own x% of an exponentially growing hashrate without continuously buying new hashing power. Guess what, everyone who buys mining contracts with them is financing their new hardware, every fucking day, every week, every month. People need to stop this and you'll see their share dropping.
In other words, boycott Ghash.
@_date: 2014-03-20 16:12:04
Not in the US apparently ;)
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:05:25
Why the fuck are people applying technical analysis to bitcoin. It's fucking dumb. You're not going to get anything from looking at charts if a single non-confirmed news message drops the price by 10% in an hour (which is a big fucking deal considering it wipes out a billion in value essentially).
The problem is that nobody knows when these things occur and it's hard to say which ones do so it's near impossible to make any predictions. 
Which is completely different from bitcoin in 10 years. No country will suddenly ban it, just like nobody will ban the internet today. A big time investor won't cause any big waves. At that point technical analysis has a place. You can look at growth rates of users with ample data, look at the velocity of money etc. But now? No. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 15:43:11
@_date: 2014-12-29 06:27:10
In all fairness things were looking up for bitcoin around that time. He works in Wall Street and has many colleagues there, it's quite likely he saw a lot of genuine interest around him. And in fact, a lot of that materialized. But then China clamped down and Mt.Gox happened. I don't think anything on that scale ever happened before, and while there were red flags, it was difficult to predict exactly when it would happen. After that, it's not unreasonable to say WS backed out for another year. And even despite that, his fund and Panterra's did a few hundred million dollars between them, mostly to service high-value individuals and family funds, including managers at financial institutions, banks and large businesses.
So was he wrong? Yes. Did he just simply make shit up? Doesn't at all seem like it.
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:05:53
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:46:02
Well I'm not sure about Bitstamp, I'm not really keen on them. But Kraken is owned by Payward, based in San Fran, with a German banking partner. They're venture capital funded and they've been very explicit not to service to states where they need and can't obtain the proper licenses. This means they've repeatedly had to say no to customers willing to send them their money, something very few other exchanges seem to be doing.
As for their reporting/audit, I think it's important for people like me to go ahead and demand that. I'll definitely be moving that forward. What I can say however is that they were one of the few exchanges completely unaffected by the tx mal issues due to proper technical implementation. Their security measures also look really good on the user end of things. They never have any lag issues or anything, the site looks clean, professional. Never had problems with any transactions, fiat or crypto. Mt. Gox was forced into fractional reserves due to incompetence, Kraken hasn't so far.
That's for the reference! Will read up on it, always interesting.
As always, regardless of any degree of trust in any system, as you say, things can go wrong. So I definitely encourage everyone to keep a good chunk of their money on their own cold storage and not at any exchange. Kraken looking great doesn't mean I hold my coin there longer than I have to!
Here's a list of things Kraken claims to do by the way. It's extremely solid. Of course, without verification, you have to take their word for it. But I think it's likely they do all these things, it's in their own interest.
I'll quote a few:
Financial Security
- We maintain full reserves — a "bank run" is an impossibility.
- Customer funds reside in a bank account separate from our operations account, and fees are transferred on a daily basis.
- Customer funds cannot be borrowed to fund operations, nor can they be lent, even for margin trading on our own platform.
- We have solid relations with our bank, and an agreement is in place allowing us to wind down our account in an orderly fashion, should our relationship ever come to an end.
- We are pursuing multiple banking partnerships to build in some financial redundancy — so that even should the above situation come to pass, our daily operations will not be interrupted.
Coin Storage
- All new deposits go directly to cold wallets — that is, wallets that are completely isolated from any online system.
- The vast majority of coins are stored in cold wallets, with complete air-gap isolation.
- A limited number of coins are stored in semi-cold wallets — on protected machines with locked drives.
- Only the coins that are needed to maintain operational liquidity are stored in hot (online) wallets.
- All wallets are encrypted.
Anyway the list goes on. Check it out for yourself.
@_date: 2014-09-29 23:28:25
I wish people would understand that cloud mining is highly suspect after knowing how easy it is to mine with customer rigs.
@_date: 2014-06-19 12:25:27
Holy fucking shit. This bank is extremely mainstream (top 3 in the Netherlands.
It's got half a trillion dollars of assets. 
It's CEO was previously the finance minister and also deputy prime minister of the Netherlands.
the Netherlands while small is actually quite a big deal in many areas and hits way above its weight -- anyone following the world cup? :) 
Did I mention it's a state-owned bank that's experimenting with bitcoin?
Very excited. They say these experiments usually take 10-12 weeks. RemindMe in 12 weeks!
@_date: 2014-07-08 16:19:35
Although, it's about time we start seeing big consumer finance jumping on bitcoin. Merchant adoption has been great, it's a no brainer. Lower fees and no chargebacks, not even volatility, and in return you get free marketing and extra support from the bitcoin crowd? Great, why not. We now have 100k merchants including some of the biggest companies including fortune 500 companies taking bitcoin.
But who is offering consumer finance (storage, wallets, savings, lending, remittance)? Nobody, except completely new companies like Coinbase. That's really the big thing I'm waiting for personally. All these bitcoin companies are growing fine, Coinbase for example is doing well, but it'd be great if a large company like Paypal would open itself up to bitcoin because you can introduce 100m+ accounts to bitcoin on day 1. 
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:22:09
Not really. Transaction fees are Mt. Gox assets. But when you read 'do you want to buy x bitcoin for y dollars', and click the button to confirm, *you* just bought bitcoin. They're your assets, held by Mt. Gox, and the fee you pay on this transaction becomes Mt. Gox assets.
Even if this is not explicitly stated anywhere, judges generally look at a company and require them to act in good faith and in accordance to policies and behaviour that is customary in the industry. For example if you ask to have your house painted and a painter comes and paints five inches and says he's done, he's technically correct, contractually perhaps correct, but a judge will look at what is customary in the industry and wave this ridiculous plea off the table in favour of the house owner. In the same way, Mt. Gox can't state that it is actually the owner of the funds even if it says so in the TOS (which it doesnt).
@_date: 2014-08-08 11:22:26
I'd be completely open to linking up e.g. my changetip account and tipping a penny for every visit. It'd be awesome.
@_date: 2014-08-09 10:44:32
Because otherwise you go to jail?
It's really that simple. The Coinbase founders are pretty cool guys, they build a service that's not for everyone and they know that. But there are plenty of people who couldn't care less about AML/KYC. It's up to you to simply make a choice like the OP did. But it's silly to ask why these companies do this.
@_date: 2014-09-15 12:29:16


I'm only aware of your way... It might be a good idea to ask Electrum to add better functionality. It should be easy enough to write some software to append inputs to a text file! But most people don't really have tons of watch only addresses, usually only one or two for cold storage, which sit mostly dormant. I guess most of us (like me) just check it or have a watch only wallet on blockchain.info with an auto email message when any money moves to or from it. It's not ideal but just saying I'm not sure there's huge demand to make it more user friendly for it to be a priority at the moment.
@_date: 2014-04-15 12:59:45
I think it's quite clear Coinbase ranks in the top 10 bitcoin companies. Arguably, the number 1 company as they have they're in the top 3 of wallets and either Nr 1 or Nr 2 in Merchants, and offer an exchange service. There isn't a single merchant service that offers a customer wallet on any significant scale and there isn't a single wallet service that has a brokerage/exchange service on any significant scale. 
It basically combines Bitpay's Merchant service, Bitstamp's exchange/brokerage service with Blockchain.info's wallet service.
They are, unless I've missed some news, the company with the most funding and VC funding in operation. 
In other words, I'd say arguably they're the biggest and most ambitious/comprehensive bitcoin company in the world right now, despite being limited to one market (but, the world's biggest (bitcoin) market)
News of their rapid expansion (wrapped in a title 'new office') is big news! Definitely front page news. A few months ago they had half a dozen employees, they pretty much tripled in size since then.
@_date: 2014-04-18 21:20:19
The other day I bought a new phone at Phoneshop, when I came home it turns out it didn't have a battery. Who do I go to to fix this? HELP MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:50:49
Yes, in dollars, not bitcoins... what's your point? 
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:27:38
Whatever you damn well like :)
@_date: 2014-05-28 15:06:10
Mid April price was about 50% lower than Mid-January price. 
Overview: 
@_date: 2014-08-21 15:17:05
The idea is that bitlicense is mostly about kyc aml. That extends far beyond bitcoin customers who oppose it. It means without it one can fund a terrorist or launder stolen money or money gained from sales of stolen goods.
So obviously the bitlicense effects non bitcoin users, too, who may more broadly agree with strict kyc aml.
Not saying this is the case or that I agree, just saying that the democratic process extends beyond the bitcoiners like me who dont like this bitlicense.
In this case I dont see it as a democratic problem as most people agree on the intention of the bitlicense. Sure not everyone, but most people would likely vote for some recordkeeping thats a simple fact. The problem is that the imolementation is ridiculous, too strict and without a sliding scale to let off smaller operations.
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:09:23
Better statistics, how? Bitpay and Coinbase have pretty awesome merchant reporting dashboards.
The 2% fee is more than double of what Coinbase and Bitpay require. Coinbase has a free service (0% fees) for the first $1 million of revenue, after it's 1%. 
Bitpay has either $1 a day in fees for a max of $10k in daily revenue (0.01% fee), or $10 a day for $100k daily revenue (0.01%) or a free service where you pay 1% on all revenues.
So it's much better than Klarna. There is no chargeback fraud, the money is deposited quickly and you can accept payments from anywhere in the world.
Remember, 1-2% fees sound like very little, but let's look at the e-commerce giant Amazon. It had less than 0.4% profit margins in 2013. If you take off 1-2% interchange fees, you're easily **tripling** their profits on any bitcoin purchase.
And that's powerful. People underestimate how big 1-2% really is in thin-margin industries.
@_date: 2014-05-09 22:38:00
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:32:00
This is never legit, ever, ever, ever. If you ever receive this from any company in general (unrelated to bitcoin, too, just any company), ignore it, it's not from them. 
If it is, they're extremely stupid because this is insecure, there is always a better way (like creating a special page on their HTTPS website where you log in and do whatever they wanted you to do over email), you should tell them, and depending on how they'd react you'd likely be wise to simply close your account with them.
@_date: 2014-07-14 15:40:14
Surely it means more than nothing. If they went to 30m wallets, that'd still mean nothing?
1.5m wallets isn't a 1:1 correlation with 1.5m users, but if you say throw out a number like 50%, and say 50% of their wallets are users, then the fact that they added a million wallets since the beginning of the year isn't nothing, it's meaningful to me. It's a great proxy and it means we probably have a few hundred thousand extra users.
@_date: 2014-03-13 12:00:56
The winklevoss twins are known to use cold storage wallets stored in vaults in 'more than two' banks.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:27:40
Excluding popular addresses to filter SatoshiDice gets rid of meaningful popular addresses, too. 
Bitcoin days destroyed gets rid of large volumes of data moving quickly after each other that are actually legitimate, too, like an early bitcoin miner investing bitcoin in a startup that quickly spends it on hardware, licenses and wages.
Off-the chain is obviously not as transparent or comprehensive as on the chain. Bitcoin companies don't always release information and when they do, they only release partial information, and the partial information that is released is often cherry picked. 
So again, we need more data to say really meaningful things. But indeed I agree the trend is looking great, fortunately.
@_date: 2014-06-04 22:00:53
Haha thank you buddy, this is the first time a stranger takes a stupid joke like my closest friends would!
@_date: 2014-05-22 19:55:44
Gotto say, vault of satoshi has churned out positive thing after positive thing. Best of all, I think they handled adversity very well and always put their customers first. It's easy to shine when you're winning, but they did some good stuff when they faced bad news, too.
Glad to see this news once more.
@_date: 2014-07-03 08:48:34
Sure and those charts exist, usually in the form of 7-day or 14-day charts, but blockchain.info never shows them. And so every week there's some party who normally has a small hashrate, but suddenly gets a lucky streak and gets a lot, and everyone freaks out, and then the next week they're unlucky and nobody remembers this part when the next cycle happens.
It's still really worrying to me personally, don't get me wrong. To be completely frank, multiple times in the history of bitcoin have parties been able to do 51% attacks for periods of the day, I don't think that's acceptable. I'm just saying there's a difference between hashrate and block finding and it's important to keep this semantic distinction clear so we all know what we're talking about. But I'd much rather see no pool have more than 5-10% to be honest. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 18:29:15
That's normal in a lot of countries :p We say smartphone here in the Netherlands, too. We certainly don't say 'slimme telefoon' haha. And generally without a real accent. It's particularly funny to hear people speak arabic and they're like 'blablablabla mortgage blablabla internet blablabla fitness' as the difference seems so big.
Quebec is of course a bit unique in that most people are indeed bilingual due to the country being bilingual, meaning you grow up with politics, media, news, education etc partly bilingual, with a focus on Canadian English/Quebecois depending on which province you live in. Canadian English of course itself is an accent, but pretty close to American English with no real noticeable difference in words like smartphone. In France smartphone is also used but indeed, with an accent, as they've got somewhat of a phobia for multilingualism :P
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:04:55


Bitreserve / Coinapult locks remove 100% of volatility. It's not perfect, there's a small fee, e.g. Bitreserve has a 0.45% commission from BTC to USD. But then complain about the fee, not about the possibility of a 90% drop in value because it's a completely different ballgame.
@_date: 2014-07-15 11:04:15


Cause I love bitcoin! Actually I do know someone who has bitcoins, my brother, through me. But he doesn't spend as much time following it as me, he's mostly into it as an investment. And that's it.
And yup, feel free to contact Andreas on reddit, twitter, w/e. He'll absolutely confirm that 'keychain' is the correct word and that he dislikes the word 'wallet'. No need to trust me ;) 
Anyway, best wishes.
@_date: 2014-03-04 17:34:47
Not saying we need to do anything, just exploring some thoughts. I currently share your view that we shouldn't discriminate between coins, but I think going forward it's at least worth reiterating why and evaluating if it's the right thing to do.
Oh and technically bitcoins aren't really fungible at all. 
@_date: 2014-09-05 11:24:01
Until then and for anything else, consider shipito.com. They accept bitcoin and let you order from US companies that ship in the US, by forwarding it to you.
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:22:55
Most of those probably existed in 2013 but hadn't registered. This is a snapshot of May, and the entire website launched halfway April. 
This is one of those things in which the community really sucks. Bitcoin is exciting enough without hyping nonsense.
edit for clarification because people seem to love to downvote this:
This website started on April 13th of 2013. On 17th of May 2013, merely 4 weeks later, the above screenshot was made. By that time, the website was barely known in the community and only a portion of bitcoin accepting listings were in fact, listed. If I make a new website today, in 4 weeks you might have 50 companies registered even though thousands actually accept bitcoin.
So it's a stupid screenshot. It doesn't show how many business then vs today accept bitcoin. It shows how many businesses registered 30 days or 360 days after the website opened. 
I haven't even mentioned that in my city half of the businesses are absolute crap or don't exist anymore or refer to a youtube video rather than a website with an actual product.
And frankly, I don't really care. We've got 80 thousand merchants online and Bitpay and Coinbase together add about 8.000 a month. And many of these businesses cover the entire country, continent or even world. So Overstock for example is just 1 of 80.000, but it's accessible to over 300m people. So I don't really care much about 4000 listings, each of which is often available to only a million people or so, like the restaurant in my city. Everytime I used bitcoin in the physical world it kind of sucked, everytime I used it online it was pretty awesome. My focus is definitely not on brick &amp; mortar. It's still good to see, but I really don't need to see stupid screenshots that imply it shows bitcoin adoption, but it really actually just shows registration on coinmap and only partially that's new bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:09:34
@_date: 2014-05-21 10:40:59
Coinbase separates customer funds from operational funds. They're a regulated money transmitter and require to keep 100% of reserves.
So you can say you don't trust them, but in that case it's easy for them to steal your multi-sig key when you generate it with them, or when you enter it into their systems. But if you do trust them to do what they say, you have no risk of their insolvency.
@_date: 2014-09-29 23:31:50
Ah, thanks for posting! I really like the new changes. I'd been wondering what blockchain.info could change into, obviously it has some core functionality that's always going to be pretty ugly, it's a difficult challenge, but within that framework I think they've done something pretty awesome.
 It's a clean, modern interface with a lot more structure to it, and there's some pretty stuff going on with their graphs, too.
Kudos to Blockchain. It's been a minor annoyance to see one of the biggest bitcoin services and the biggest wallet look so ugly. This is much better.
@_date: 2014-06-19 00:00:20
your sarcasm detector apparently
@_date: 2014-12-30 15:48:49


Look I appreciate the idea of your post, I agree bitcoin.org could be better. (it's far from horrible, but yeah could be better).
But find me the official website for the TCP/IP protocols. Find me the official website for the SSL protocols.Or TLS, or DHCP etc etc.
Isn't it pathetic that these protocols don't have some amazing official website to represent them, even though they power the entire internet and much of its security?
Let's take a look at the Internet Engineering Task Force in large part responsible for the SSL specifications. Take a look at this beauty: 
Omg, so pathetic, right?
So what do we need? We need a whole bunch of money you say. Guess what. We have a whole bunch of money. Hundreds of millions were invested in bitcoin companies this year alone. And it's these companies that build products and services that consumers should see. They look awesome and work well. But protocol and technical specifications don't need to look awesome, usually they look shit. Look at any of the standards bodies in technology, you'll find shitty but comprehensive websites. Try reading the specifications for HTML standards, you'll cry, it's worse than legal text. But that's okay.
We still all have this idea that bitcoin is for consumers, and that may be true in some way. But generally speaking, bitcoin is a protocol. People don't use protocols. They use products built on protocols. Nobody here takes the bitcoin protocol specifications and uses it to build and sign and broadcast a transaction. But many of us write 1 bit and use bitcoin nonetheless. My point is, bitcoin.org is in some ways 'too nice'. It could've just been a purely technical website aimed at developers. But it also has stuff on consumers, just because everyone's still new to bitcoin. But in a few years nobody will go to bitcoin.org anymore just like nobody needs a website to explain to them what a smartphone or television is. They just know, and then they go to actual businesses like Circle or Coinbase to buy and use bitcoin, just like you'd go to a business to buy a television or smartphone.
Now if your point was that this network that sends tens of billions around every year doesn't have any nice websites at all with consumer-friendly products, you were right. But that's not the case. We have tons of investments and they've produced consumer friendly products like Circle and Coinbase and Bitreserve and Bitpesa, with pretty websites and apps. That the website with a lot of developer documentation on it isn't also a pretty website where you can open a wallet and buy bitcoin like at every other actual bitcoin business, is not a problem to me.
So if you want to say bitcoin.org could be better, sure. But don't give me this 'pathetic network can't even create a professional website' crap. Virtually no technology does it this way and just like all the others, we soon won't have to either.
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:33:12
I like it, although I think the assurance part (picking the right candidate, evaluating merit, battling fraud, aiding the winning candidate with non-monetary guidance etc) is the most difficult part to tackle, not the financial transaction element, so I don't think it's a quintessential bitcoin project that we ought to focus on right now. 
It also requires many individuals to create impact for very few individuals. And secondly, it's generally only beneficial to one side. So it's kind of this lopsided concept where many sacrifice so a few can gain. I think that's fine, but I'd rather see an idea that affects a lot more people in mutually beneficial ways.
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:53:43
A few things
* Ugly ass website
* Alex on the About page looks SLICK as fuck
* Namespaces for sending money is awesome. What paypal did for bank account addresses with emails, they do with subdomains. Great.
* Check their About page, they publish data on their wallets, transactions... nice. Their open/resolved tickets? Awesome. Proof of ownership and addresses to their wallets? Fucking sweet.
There's a lot of room for improvement and I'm always very hesistant to call a hosted wallet legit. (only open-source things can truly as close as legit as can be). After all, if only 1.000 people store 3 bitcoin there and they disappear, they make a million dollars even after spending 250k on a domain. Not implying anything here, just that in theory, hosted wallets have a very big task to earn trust. 
Excited to see this develop.
@_date: 2015-05-24 03:12:31
Ridiculous. This is a deal that's a few months old. The Mt. Gox story is now years old and public knowledge. (a story which btw, showed him to be fallible as any person in his judgement, but certainly wasn't evidence of complicity and didn't look shady to me)
@_date: 2014-12-22 15:41:16
I'd go shop there but Arnhem a 1 hour drive, boooo.
If they'd do this at Spar City in Amsterdam, I'm down.
@_date: 2014-05-20 00:59:47
Cry me a fucking river. 
This is normal. Look at Google Glass. Testing in early 2012, limited release to developers in early 2013, limited release to customers in early 2014, and now we're finally getting to the point that people can buy glass in some select few countries.
This is normal, this is how products are built. It's stupid to launch to millions of people on day 1. Kraken started in the summer of 2011, built until 2013, then spent almost all of 2013 in beta to a very small limited amount of users who could only spend virtual bitcoins, before actually going public.


You're a dumbass if you think they're trying to trick people into signing up just to convince their investors there is interest. You really have zero clue about how businesses are built, how venture capital investors made decisions, or how VCs measure progress and metrics.
And if this really is about missing out on $10 I really pity you. If I were Jeremy and you don't want to be on my mailing list because you want me to bankrupt the company by giving everyone and anyone a free $10 on day one with no limits to signups, while I'm looking to gradually scale up the company and fix problems that inevitably arise in the first weeks of usage, I really wouldn't give a shit. Go somewhere else.
@_date: 2014-04-16 10:12:37
That's precisely why it's interesting to buy an established brand, an established verified customer base, established licenses, even if it's all tainted, because given all that, it's doable for just about any professional party to hire the competence needed to run an exchange.
I wouldn't personally do it, and I'd personally rather see Mt. Gox end its role in bitcoin history, but the fact offers are being made is clear as day.
@_date: 2015-05-22 00:35:19
Actually a lot of companies were pushing their own internet protocols. This is NOT intranet, it's an internet but on a different protocol as tcp/ip. In fact tcp/ip was considered somewhat of an underdog at some point. Basically similar to how altcoins are to bitcoin. And that's not so crazy, that a country's official altcoin or a banking system's altcoin can do well. I don't think it will happen, I'm betting on bitcoin, but people act like it's ridiculous or never tried before or how there's no equivalent for the Internet.
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:50:23
Sure, and they can also assasinate Gavin Andresen. And Bill Gates has more than enough money to employ a private army to bomb their Google/Apple competitor's headquarters. 
Of course these are exaggerated examples in jest, but my point is that I'm not too afraid of malicious attacks by banks or creditcard companies. Given enough money you can always do damage. Even if we get 10x the hashpower today and no party holds more than 10% of all the hashing power, a banking consortium will still have more than enough money to attack bitcoin. I doubt this will ever abruptly change to be honest.
But to your point, about fighting off a coalition of wealthy entities, your point is moot.
The top 3 banks in the US alone have more than $6 trillion in assets, and that's only the top 3 of only 1 of 200 countries which have banks. A trillion is 1.000x a billion and a billion is 1.000x a million. In other words, whether you have competing private mining farms doesn't really matter for this particular question.
If bitcoin block rewards are e.g. $50m per x amount of days, then the network won't spend more than $50m on trying to make $50m. That's simple logic. And no matter how you distribute $50m of hashpower, whether it's 1 party holding 99% and the rest holding 1%, or 100 parties each holding 1%, it doesn't matter, because $50m is still peanuts for your 'wealthy entity, coalition of states or banks'. 
So while I don't disagree we should try to get more competing server farms (of course we should!), it has NOTHING to do with securing ourselves from a coalition of states. Financially, there's no distribution of $50m or $250m or whatever, that can secure against countries or banks which are worth many trillions individually. So your point is moot.
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:11:29
Yup, I do this all the time hehe. I usually use a chrome extention for example to download audio from youtube and put it on my phone/ipad. Although if you have a boss limit you can just stream it :P
Next coin summit in 3 days btw :) it's arguably the big 'professional' conference. Lots of venture capitalists, professionals, startups etc, literally people walking around and presenting with a net worth of half a billion dollars. It's one side of the bitcoin community that's interesting to keep an eye out for as the push the big mainstream part of the ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-07-06 14:29:37
It's not really a problem for bitcoin as it is a problem for the entire world population and anything we do on an electronic device.
Not disputing it or saying it's not worrying, just we have far bigger worries than a nascent digital currency not succeeding because of this. This is essentially communication and malware injection on a hardware level on any device, online or offline. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:45:01
Does anyone actually have this problem on a recurring basis? Or is it just 'no guarantee, but it pretty much always works if you actually have bitcoin to send', which is a good PSA but not a critical failure in practice.
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:38:43
Tell me what he meant, then tell me what I made it mean by changing the sentence. Apparently you're saying there's a difference, indulge us.
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:37:14
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:08:49
next one in 3 days :)
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:00:40
Sure it's legal if you abide by the law. Bitcoin is not illegal so selling it isn't, but there will be some conditions and you've already read them it seems. Any clarification needed that you couldn't get from them?
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:14:03
Thank you, been waiting for this. Coinsummit is always great.
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:54:25
You're being petty. If someone's writing an entire post on how many addresses there are and then makes a mathematical explanation that's off by 20 billion times in his favour (as in, his point is strengthened by the fact he's wrong as it's even larger) and I point out that factually he's wrong and his point is even stronger, explain to him why and then tip him an upvote for his thread, I don't think that makes me petty at all. 
If you then call me an idiot for pointing that out and then try to argue that 20 billion times difference isn't a big difference, I think you're not just being a little petty but also downright rude for calling me an idiot haha.
I guess the 'wrong buddy' came across as condescending (like a police officer saying 'you're in trouble buddy', when he's not your buddy) but it was really just meant in the friendliest way you can imagine :)
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:14:38
Parroting other people is bad I guess :p (was doing this).
So to confirm, if you enter that address into any old wallet and send it bitcoin, it'll be validated, broadcasted and mined into the blockchain.
AND there's no private key to this address at all? (thereby making it an invalid address... otherwise it's just a valid address that nobody happens to know the private key to)
That'd be good for me to keep in mind then. Let me know if you can confirm, either way I'll be more cautious.
Thanks for clearing this up, appreciate it.
@_date: 2014-04-19 13:39:33
This is a fun chart if you don't take it so seriously.
Guess what people are doing?
@_date: 2014-06-06 11:00:46
Ouch, stay safe bro. What was his trading history like? I'd be more scared if this was some highly verified guy.
I think over time we'll see 'professional' local traders in every city who are willing to be 'facebook verified' and such. In that, if they steal your phone, you have their facebook identity. There's always ways to get around this of course, but stuff like this and escrow should make it on average much safer for a typical trade.
@_date: 2014-08-22 22:57:01
By the way, the line is already blurring as to what constitutes an ATM. It would be good to see more granular data.
For example, today you have two-way ATMs (buy OR sell bitcoin), which didn't exist before.
Today you have bitcoin vending machines where you can buy $25, but you can't buy $1k. 
Today you have countries like the Ukraine where existing digital kiosks/ATMs have integrated bitcoin, effectively creating thousands of bitcoin ATMs overnight through a software update.
Etc etc. And no ATM is the same. The vending machines often require little to no identity verification. The kiosks may be a bit more expensive, but ubiquitous. While the two-way ATMs may be cheaper because it's partially able to buy and sell its own stock. 
They do a pretty decent job of reporting some of these things for an individual ATM, but there's no way to filter on things like two-way, or no-verification, or sub 5% fees etc on the map level.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:03:55
I don't want to hear this shit lol
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:25:16
Might try it, my dad just went to Africa and I put in an old sim in the smartphone I bought him and told him to top it up, only yesterday. Might as well do it from here (in Europe).
@_date: 2014-12-28 07:41:52
Bleh yeah sorry I copied the end of 2011 number :-/ Thanks!
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:42:35
Yup, this. SHA256 is something anyone can get into. It's straightforward, no patents, no big investments, no insane design process.
An ASIC resistant method will still produce ASICs, but you'll need large upfront investments. So mining becomes much less accessible and thereby ran by fewer parties.
Basically if you want to build barriers to entry into the protocol inherently, use an ASIC resistant algorithm. 
Simple algorithms like SHA256 is like the 3d printer is to ASIC resistant algorithms like factories. The former is open to all with a small investment. The latter is open to very few capital-rich individuals with a large investment.
@_date: 2014-03-19 00:46:30
I wonder of this is what kerls meant. 
Hawala is definitely being practiced on a large scale despite it being illegal, but at the end of the day western union does more than 75 billion dollars in annual transactions. Obviously, there is room for bitcoin to disrupt.
@_date: 2014-07-03 16:03:45
And elaborate on that, please.
I mean, if you want to make a point, make the point, then use your fancy quote to back it up if you feel like it. I don't even know what you're referring to or trying to say.
Fact is, both his exchange (that's now Paymium) was hacked and the wallet Paymium ran (instawallet) was hacked. The CTO (who carries responsibility on these technical things) publicly called people idiots and whiny punk bitches. And they ran a wallet with private keys in the URL, and actually argued how that's not unsafe.
So, sure, they're not the worst things ever, but given there are alternatives to each of the products they offer, I'm personally quite happy to not use their service. That's my position, don't know about anyone else. I've stated mine quite frankly, if you don't want to, don't bother posting because I'm not going to try to decipher your point like this and possibly misinterpret it, it's a waste of time.
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:27:57
This isn't thought through well. First of all, if a mining party has more hashing power than they have online, not only is there an opportunity cost (missed blocks mined) but they also pay for hardware that becomes useless a few months later when more efficient hardware usurps it. The notion that financial actors, as miners are, would be doing something like this is extremely silly.
Especially when there's no reason not to do it. You say there are multiple parties that each have more hashing power, in other words, if everyone would do it, you'd still get a distribution that prevents a 51% attack.
And in any case, they can and would just mine under a different pool, different name, different IP, preventing a 51% attack from showing up in the aggregate pool numbers and not creating a scare.
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:38:49
The immigrant waitress is not the business owner that has to pay for the POS system.
As for operating procedures, this is generally not much more difficult than operating a creditcard machine. Now I don't know how low you think of the intelligence of an immigrant waitress, but given my experience with immigrants I'd happily hire them expecting them to easily go through the little training they and anyone else would need to operate a smartphone and enter a few numbers.
As for razor thin profit margins. Again, these things are cheaper than your typical POS and bitcoin payments can go as low as 0%, more commonly 1%, which is a much better deal than a merchant paying 2-3% if he accepted a creditcard. So your profit margins will actually improve with every bitcoin payment you take.
So again, not for everyone, but this should work just fine for most people and often better and cheaper than a traditional POS system.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:13:02
Not at all. A company should be able to be held accountable and the fiat transactions of exchanges should be regulated and protected as usual.
But, even if there is no accountability or regulation, I and many others would accept that IF there is transparency. That means verification of funds on the blockchain for example. It means an independent party could be invited to audit funds and security practices.
Right now there are a small amount of exchanges to choose from and barely any of them verify their funds or mention anything like that their cold storage funds can only be retrieved with keys from 4/6 key employees, verifiable by an independent party, stuff like that. Were sending hundreds of millions a month to foreign bank accounts held by companies whose employees are a mystery and whose policies and funds are unverified.
If we self regulate, regulation is not necessary. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:29:59
Haha... alright, fair enough. What range of salary do you have, I'm curious... and do you really really love Brisbane? Cause I'd happily never work again with a $6.2k do-whatever-you-want salary. 
I mean, let's not forget, there's a big difference between working 40 hours a week and having a mediocre salary and working 0 hours a week and having a mediocre salary. Life is far from mediocre if you never have to work and can do whatever you want (including work for no pay, having 'fuck you money' doesn't mean you tell everyone fuck you).
But again, it's likely you live in a well off neighbourhood (in an otherwise extremely rich country), because 75k a year is not mediocre, it's above average neither for Australia nor for Brisbane.
I'm not surprised about urban dictionary :P Anyway fair enough, in any case I guess I can do with less than you.
@_date: 2014-06-21 11:58:06
Ugh, straight up bitcoin reddit hyperbole. 
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:55:30
You can just load the fridge up with a few satoshis. No need to put a chip in that can mine, when you can put a chip in that stores a few bytes (private key), on which you put some satoshis that identify the device. A mining chip is ridiculous for this particular usecase.
It's like putting a postal stamp creating machine on a package I want to send, instead of just putting on the stamp. Or a key/licenseplate generating machine on a car, instead of just giving the key/license plate.
There may be other usecases, but if you just need a few satoshis, this is a comically bad idea.
@_date: 2014-04-05 22:31:14
I'm not saying it's a trivial thing to do in terms providing an elegant software and infrastructure solution, I'm saying that everyone is incentivized to do so when necessary. And that scaling up by small amounts is pretty easy without needing much extra infrastructure to storage, network speed or processing power. And, that a lot of off-chain and alternative-chain activity, as well as optimizations in e.g. processing of signatures or pruning of certain data as well as detecting bad actors sending dust or doing dos attacks can go a long way, too. 
In other words, current solutions buy enough time to come up with an elegant way to scale up massively for the long-run, and everyone is incentivized to get on board.
@_date: 2014-07-02 17:07:26
You actually interviewed him or are you just bullshitting? Show us the interview then.
@_date: 2014-10-01 20:58:04
It'd be nice but, an airdrop is a really big deal. It requires loads of planning, education, awareness, discussions and hackathons etc. Airdropping money is very ineffective, especially in a crypto form that nobody understands, wants or can use.
Let's not forget, this is pretty cool but it seems all they did was allow you to top-up a university card. Then you pay with that card using the university's internal ledger system. Bitcoin isn't really involved anywhere, except to 'buy' university gift cards and Bitpay cashes it out for the university right away. 
That's still great news, but it's not like it means Georgia Tech is way ahead with a bitcoin ecosystem and an airdrop would be immediately succesful. A lot would still have to happen. I'd personally rather wait a few months to see what MIT brings. If it works, great. We can replicate it. But it could also tell us that we could spend $1.5m in a better way.
In other news, Circle seems to be seeking students to start bitcoin groups at their university in a low-budget manner. The money spent will be much more effective for sure, but it'll probably be small-time stuff at first. 
What I'm personally excited about is when we see local businesses adopt their phones/tablets more and more as a form of a register. Basically what Square has done. And Square has stated they'll integrate bitcoin into their register product they're working on. At that point you can get wallets like Coinapult to lock in the price of bitcoin, and let people buy digital dollars instantly and for free using their bank (say with Circle, already), then hold these digital dollars in bitcoin without volatility. And then spend them at local businesses. Combine that with a social element (e.g. Bitpay built a facebook app to connect you with people you know who have bitcoin) with things like lunch/beer/ride sharing being possible using bitcoin. I really think students are very well suited to push these things forward.
@_date: 2014-12-04 15:31:09
@_date: 2014-12-30 15:29:03
You don't get internet.com when you're looking for 'internet'. And you're far enough in your behavior, culture and understanding towards the internet that you'd make a more elegant search query (e.g. cheapest internet ISP in London). 
But a lot of people just google 'bitcoin' because they don't even know what it is, so a query like 'bitcoin wallet' or 'bitcoin price' isn't even an option at this point where they don't even know bitcoin is currency.
Even if they search for 'what is bitcoin', it's no different,
In all cases, bitcoin.org will appear on the first page, if not the first hit.
And I completely agree with the OP that bitcoin.org is pretty horrible. It doesn't match today's best practices in user interfaces, user interaction, branding etc. 
I'm not entirely sure how big of a problem it is. It's not that 'bitcoin.org' is such an amazing website. It's that not that many alternatives exist. The domain name only carries so much weight in search engines. Just like 'internet.com' is not a top level result anymore. I expect in a few years that Circle, Coinbase etc will top the charts, not bitcoin.org.
But yeah it could really use a makeover, the VERY least is some modern UI and some analytics. Who runs the website? Even TBF has a much nicer website.
In any case, I don't think it's absolutely horrible. It's very decent, very basic, it's translated into many languages. It's not a website that'll drive high conversion ratios, but I don't think it should be. It talks about what bitcoin is, and at the end you know what it is, you know you need a wallet and bitcoins, and you know what to look for. That's not bad.
@_date: 2014-05-19 00:21:08
That pretty much says what I said. There's nobody at the core team looking for money, nobody in need of financing who's voiced anything like that. 
But they would like more people to work on this thing which could be arranged through companies and individual crowdfunding. In other words, exactly what I said.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:33:34
I agree, it's very fishy. 
But, we haven't officially heard the words 'stolen' right? I don't get why after all of this, when the company files for bankruptcy and criminal investigations begin, he can't even begin by stating the difference between lost and stolen.
That he lost the funds (lost access, or didn't keep storage actually cold) and blame it on tx mal is more likely, in some ways, than what you described above. That the funds were defrauded over a long period of time due to tx mal and an insane effort to never look at any metrics at all that would immediately highlight the problem.
@_date: 2014-05-01 07:36:19
Obviously when we're talking about a future of large-scale autonomous corporations participating in every industry we're not talking about today or even ten years from now. We're talking about a possible future in which digital currency has vastly overtaken fiat currency and most of the things you mentioned don't matter anymore. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 00:57:21
Thanks! I guess with bitcoin appreciating so much there's just a lot more interest to buy. And probably most people that want to sell bitcoin will rather use it to buy something rather than sell it below value (due to fees) at an ATM. I'm sure this behaviour will change over time as the price of bitcoin stabilizes and when you might see people starting to use ATMs to send money around (e.g. remittance, international transfers etc) but it will probably stay below 25% for quite a long time..
Anyway, I would be surprised if we wouldn't see an ATM operator within 12 months operating 5-10+ ATMs, that can probably bring fees down a lot, together with regulatory clarity.
@_date: 2014-05-08 19:37:03
Cool, thanks for sharing buddy. Let's all try to send some love and create proof, in the blockchain, that bitcoin can be a force for good.
It's an instrument, just like the internet, fire or a knife. It'd have been an awfully awful history if as humans we decided to have walked away from such tools because fire and knives can be used for harm. We'd still be eating raw food in cold caves haha.
edit by the way their btc address doesn't work in blockchain.info?
@_date: 2014-06-22 07:04:29
To people who'll say 'but the price of bitcoin will rise!' that's true, but you're better off just buying bitcoin then. Current bitcoin investments vs bitcoin rewards is what you should calculate.
In other words If you spend 10 bitcoins on a mining rig and earn 9 bitcoins next month, but the 9 bitcoins are worth 2x as much next month, then yes you make (fiat/real) money, but you'd have been better off keeping the 10 bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-07-02 14:47:04
OH SNAP.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:14:27
Aspiring, could you clarify. All this sounds a bit scary.
So two things basically happened. One the button was pressed giving access to all the passwords in your browser. I was wondering, does Chrome pop up any kind of warning message or confirmation message? I mean, they ask for permission when I open a web-app fullscreen like their own youtube page, they ask permission when the browser asks for my location. Did Google actually overlook to ask permission when some code is trying to access the passwords or overriding some kind of lock? If so, how does this work and have you reported this issue? I think this is very much a Chrome-issue first, and a user-dilligence issue second. There's only so much we can do if we don't get the most basic warnings when javascript asks for our stuff. I mean there's a big difference in handing over credentials to let someone see your gmail name, email or contactlist, and letting someone see all your passwords.
Second, I don't understand how 2FA would've helped here. The passwords would be compromised, yes? I understand that if you had 2FA on the email, the email would be safe, but all other stuff would've had to have 2FA, too, like your server and whatnot.
Lastly I was wondering, how did they actually steal the bitcoin. Did you have money on an online account, on a server, any cold storage?
Pretty crazy stuff. Thanks for being so forward about this. I have a lot of respect for you guys and I'll be the first one to say I probably would've fallen for this one, too. 
Let's make 2014 the year of 2FA and multi-sig, with clear social-engineering defenses, e.g. requiring a phone call between multi-sig holders who know eachother for them to sign a tx, nothing less for any amount above e.g. $5k.
@_date: 2014-06-29 15:57:28
Firstly, it's clear who was first. Circle was. Circle didn't copy AstroPay obviously.
Secondly, this is a company founded by Jeremy Allaire. This guy has raised hundreds of millions of dollars, founded companies that are now worth billions. He founded an industry standard product that's used by 75 of the fortune 100 companies including various large banks like Bank of America and companies like Target that was acquired by Adobe ($3b annual revenue)
So it takes a LITTLE more to discredit him than the invitation page they set up to be built from a template, even if this was really the case.
@_date: 2014-10-04 10:01:40
Any country with very string capital controls that are required for its survival will likely clamp down on bitcoin.


@_date: 2014-04-08 16:31:58
I can find 0 information on this guy...
But yes I wouldn't be surprised remittance is going down in cost quite soon. Peer-to-peer can remove the need for global transactions.
For example, A1 in country A wants to send money to B1 in country B. While B2 in B wants to send money to A2 in A.
Instead of making two global transactions between A1&amp;B1 and B2&amp;A2, they can peer-to-peer it. As in, A1 actually sends money to A2 and B2 sends money to B1. 
Currency exchange or transnational transactions are not required. It used to be difficult to find these people and match them, but with the internet it's pretty trivial.
Not all remittance can be covered by this for obvious reasons, but a good chunk of it can. It's just one of many examples of innovations in this space, bitcoin being one of them by the way.
@_date: 2014-08-24 16:40:55


Give it time. 3% fees + currency conversion fees + chargeback risk is definitely a flaw, you can't call that a contribution. That doesn't mean that the whole company sucks or that nobody will use it, but it means its days are numbered and that's not just because of bitcoin. It's already seeing fierce competition from places like Stripe even if they aren't orders of magnitude better.
@_date: 2014-09-11 13:38:36
Thanks, I was already weary of adding my email. It felt like a way to easily weed out potential interesting targets out of a list of 5m. In the end I decided against it.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:03:20
Good question. 1 bitcoin can be divided into 100 million pieces. That means that even if we only had 1% of all bitcoins, we would still have 21 thousand billion bitcoins.
All else remaining the same, the price by the way would go up, because of this. Everytime someone loses a bitcoin, the value of all other bitcoins rises.
@_date: 2014-04-15 20:10:43


Absolutely, you could scale massively. Coinbase and Bitpay both have developed software for popular e-commerce plugins that have effectively let tens of thousands of shops online use bitcoin and barely lift a finger.
I think obviously the mobile POS systems would be easy to start with, like Square, who accept bitcoin but only for its marketplace users atm.
Are you familiar with POS systems? I'm not myself. I'd expect there to be quite a bit of fragmentation which would be unfortunate. Also it seems some POS lack any screen, and when they do have a screen, they only have a merchant-facing screen. You could print out the QR codes, but it's not really a very elegant system. I wonder if anyone is tackling this (integration into existing POS), any ideas? It seems like a pretty straightforward solution that could be merely a software upgrade for many systems and that could, if connected to e.g. a Bitstamp/Coinbase-like service (or directly to an exchange) create big cost savings compared to a creditcard payment.
Your experience by the way is not unique, but I don't think it's inherent to the system. I doubt she had *any* training whatsoever, I think it's reasonable to expect trained employees could easily handle this. Most people have smartphones nowadays, including poor or uneducated people, or at least can operate them. I haven't seen how every bitcoin pos system works, but I can't imagine it to be much more difficult than a cash register. I'd easily imagine with some training and some time, all this will stop being a problem. (a bit like how the Internet was daunting, tricky, complex, whatever, at first, but not anymore.)
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:01:17
This, I love kraken (I was accused of being their shill last week haha) but this. Davout raised valid points and jesse's post does not address them.
If kraken keeps all funds in one bank account in name of the company, consumer funds are not protected in case company accounts are frozen or seized for any reason. It does not matter if internally you denote these accounts as being separate. I believe only bitcoin central does this. (Individual bank accounts for each customer)
In terms of security kraken looks pretty sick though, nice job. Looking forward to the audit report.
@_date: 2014-03-04 23:15:03
It would set a precedent. Disputes can and do go to court. It would be an opportunity for the judge to acknowledge the blockchain.
The problem is not proving the transaction, its proving who made it. Thats the problem with paypal, a lot accounts get hacked and used to buy bitcoin. Paypal actually acknowledges the bitcoin was sent but will say the owner didnt buy it. Its a mess. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:41:03
There's quite a lot of sites accepting bitcoin these days. And then there's recurring payments which are tricky. Fact is a lot of the porn industry is suckering people in to recurring payments. If anyone paid attention they'd know there's free porn, pirated porn, but people just want quick access and pay. That's where recurring payments sweep in and take a whole chunk of money. Bitcoin is trickier because if you want to sell a year, you need to convince a full 1-year downpayment.
Recurring payments is something people are working on, but it requires trust (that the user keeps enough money on balance for example) and you can't trust, so you get risk...  which is what creditcards already offer, only with decades of experience.
That's why it's not omfg mega big, but it's pretty huge. It's just not something a porn website is going to blog about everyday 'I'm producing porn but, look, my payments technology is doing xyz numbers check out these charts'. That doesn't happen. But it's big, there've been numerous stories from porn websites stating this.
@_date: 2014-04-16 02:16:42
Interesting stuff. This doesn't really say much. But it does say this, employees, even if they're engineers, are already taking bitcoin into account when developing financial APIs for banks. That's not insignificant. It either means that they've been instructed to do so specifically by decision makers, or, more probable but not much less significant, engineers had their own foresight that bitcoin has potential and ought to be planned for in advance, which may affect the actual decision makers to integrate bitcoin at some point as their engineers may back it, and as the API already supports it.
In any case, good news, but not major news until there's a confirmation as to who decided to plan for bitcoin usage and why.
Thanks for posting.
@_date: 2014-05-13 21:05:16
Or build your own smart phone, right, right? I mean give me a break :p Obviously Bity users are looking to use an apple app on an iphone. We all know there are alternatives to the entire ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-03-18 13:43:44
Respect to the exchange for keeping cold storage cold (major losses prevented), refunding their customers and choosing one of the most secure companies in Canada (who made a major fuck up on their part and are being sued).
It's a big lesson for the bitcoin community to not keep hot wallets in the cloud, as great as cloud services have become or at least to have insurance policies on their hot wallets.
@_date: 2014-06-06 13:32:23
Aaah you mean restrictive regulation of bitcoin will outdate their internet ecosystem because their monetization and integration in a new financial ecosystem is restricted. I thought you meant an outdated internet due to restrictive regulation meant they couldn't use bitcoin because it somehow wouldn't work which sounded strange.
Thanks for clarifying. On your point though, while true, I don't think you need to specify it to an outdated internet so specifically. If true, it'd probably outdate much else, like import/export, accounting etc.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:46:31
It's kind of all we've got until Mark actually discloses what he did or didn't do. If the coins were stolen, lost, missing. If he got seized, attacked, forced. If he had cold storage or not. If he kept 100% reserves or not. The crazy thing is he hasn't said shit. Yet he magically found $125m in an 'old style wallet'. You know how frustrating that is to people? And if there's nothing you can do but insult... then why not? If he had explained himself and said something, anything, there'd be an actual conversation to be had. But now people are left angry and clueless and there's 1 person to blame, and all we can say about him and his actions and the situation is nothing at all, because we didn't hear shit. The only thing we know is how he looks, so guess what people talk about.
I don't do it, I didn't lose a dime. But it's easy to imagine why others do.
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:41:10
Meh... I always like seeing more attention for actual usecases (e.g. Bitpesa) that are changing the way finance works, than news of who is gaining a competitive advantage in the battle for the 25 coins every 10 minutes. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:48:07
Indeed, and that brings me to my last paragraph. You'd be talking about a company like Mastercard spending say a few billion in a few years from now when it feels threatened, on hardware, completely off-the books (near impossible for a public company that's audited in the way public companies are) to do something that either either is illegal or will soon be illegal, a 51% attack that essentially acts as either a denial-of-service attack or some form of defrauding the system, a system that has hundreds of thousands of participants, soon to be millions, both users, large venture-capitalist investors, wall street investors, large exchanges, various banks, lobbyists, congressmen and large billion dollar companies participating in this.
I just don't see a company like a creditcard company do something like this, not now and definitely not in 5 or 10 years from now. And for anyone but the incumbents parties like creditcard companies, it's a losing game and opportunity cost does indeed matter.
I wouldn't be surprised if incumbent parties fight bitcoin through regulation, by forcing the IRS to see it as property, by requesting stricter licensing requirements, by talking to banks to designate bitcoin as a high-risk endeavor that musn't be supported. I can see all that happening. But a 51% attack from Mastercard or Bank of America? I'd eat my hat, to be honest.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:58:05
Haha you're hilarious. Please, go on, tell me more about my life stranger. And do tell me indeed how awesome your life is. 
It shall be especially funny in the context of your post history, hearthstone and fantasy novels, and I'm the dork... Man, Internet really is a great thing nowadays, even your mom's basement seems to have a perfect connection.
@_date: 2014-05-13 13:17:49
Indeed, here in the Netherlands I can send any amount for free to another dutch account. Speed, I'm not sure, at most it's one day but I've never had to wait more than an hour. Usually it's pretty much instantly. (for example once I had my phone screen repaired and I forgot to take cash, so I asked him his bank acc, used my newly repaired phone, logged into my app and sent him the payment. He checked his phone and saw the money seconds later and I went on my way.)
Ah I love this country. But I'll still pay 3-10% to send money outside of Europe and I still pay 3% to Paypal when e.g. US clients pay me for software I write for them.
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:14:44
@_date: 2014-08-24 12:17:52
lol, send him the navy seal copypasta
@_date: 2014-05-26 19:46:41
It's basically a paper wallet, only in the form of a coin :)
So bitcoins are actually slots in a public ledger, the blockchain. If you 'have' bitcoins, all you really have is the private keys to actually 'use' these coins by sending them wherever you want.
So the most basic 'wallet', which isn't a wallet but actually a keychain to be correct, is a simple list of one or more private keys that give access to bitcoins in the blockchain. If you print them on a piece of paper, you have a paper wallet. If you print them inside a fancy looking physical coin, you have a physical bitcoin :)
These coins are a lot more fancy than mere paper though, not just in appearance. Some come with tamper proof holograms and encrypted keys. Read more here:
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:18:43
What did you have in mind :p Cryptographically encrypted keys in an unknown explosive-proof bank vault behind armed guards seems pretty secure and pretty cheap and easy.
@_date: 2014-12-19 04:00:38
Actually, they didn't. It must still be approved by the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee, as well as individual EU countries, and then return for another vote by the full parliament.
And if that happens, it exempts certain parties like American Express because they're 3-party systems.
In addition to the 0.3% fee cap however, individual users will become liable for theft up to a certain amount. (roughly 20% or so on average). And studies this year have already reported how this won't change fees for customers, as banks are likely to increase costs in other areas to make up for any lost revenues. In fact these very reports detail how costs could increase for customers.
Of course, the 0.3% fee cap says nothing about capping monthly fees merchants pay, or monthly minimum fees, or setup fees or cancellation fees. (guess what happens to those fees if you lower swipe fees?). Nor does it change anything to consumer's fees for using a creditcard (the hidden fees are not trivial I can tell you.)
But does it really mattter much? Well, not really. 70% of creditcards in Europe are in the UK, as continental Europe doesn't have a fetish for creditcards like the US does. Debit is way more popular. And while the UK is surely no small market, it's still 'only' 3% of world GDP. 
Just posting this for some context. This notion that payments will get a lot cheaper starting next week affecting all of Europe massively is bs. Not saying you're putting that forward, but just in general. It's a fraction of payments in a fraction of Europe which will likely stay just as expensive (as some fees decrease and others increase) and it hasn't even been approved and voted in. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 10:44:37
lol, exactly. 
My biggest gripe is sustainable energy, which I absolutely love and I think it's the only way forward. But it's annoying to see people get impressed by designer projects like the window socket, which is the dumbest idea ever if you have any idea of even elementary physics of solar energy (solar constant &gt; small area &gt; ~15% efficient solar panels &gt; crap angle towards the sun = $72 piece of shit)
Look it up and in the comments you'll find things like 'Brilliant' and 'Genius.'
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:15:59
I'd personally like to see them hold off for a while longer. For that to happen though, the BTC community HAS to step up, this is extremely important. This is what we know:
- The core team is working on, among many other things, more secure wallets and no more addresses. The protocol will offer a layer of abstraction to make wallets more secure, standardised and not require users to know or use these long addresses that scare people off and some people mistype/miscopy etc.
- We also know that VC just put close to 100m into tens of companies. These are developing better exchanges, better payment processing services, ATMs in every country, secure wallets etc. 
- We see new merchants accepting Bitcoin every day. Significant ones, pretty much every week. Recently we even saw the first Bitcoin bank, deemed legal by the Central Bank of that very country.
So in short, every month that we wait, we see tons of activity. What combines them? They are all *stakeholders* in Bitcoin. Therefore they're advocates, they have something to gain by Bitcoin growing. And, they're all part of a growing, innovative economy, building a better system.
Regulation in 2011 could've easily said 'here are bad cases, barely any merchants, no VC, nobody reputable defending it, let's ban it.' Bitcoin in 2015, it'll be much harder. We saw a huge voice in November testify in the US of the potential Bitcoin has. They listened. That voice will only grow. In some time, you'll find politicians who'll say, I got calls from thousands of users in my state and merchants in my state sent me a joint letter about the importance of bitcoin. In some time you'll see lobbyists in government, representing venture capital or the large institutional investors we're seeing moving into BTC in 2014. 
So I'm all for not seeing a stance on Bitcoin by government just yet. In two months, bitcoin will already be much stronger. Look at the merchants, ATMs and services we've seen since November.
But, again, the community HAS to step up. The community allowed Mt. Gox's failure. If an exchange is not willing to verify to an independent party, or to its users, that it doesn't engage in fractional reserve. If they have shit customer support. If they have a bad reputation. Then act accordingly. I saw people send money to Mt. Gox to buy Bitcoins at $100 a few days ago. If people stick with trustworthy parties, Bitcoin can survive regulation. But if people send hundreds of millions to a, in short, shitty company in Japan with no accountability *after* its blatant lies, lack of communication/transparency, then you're giving governments a reason to step in, regulate and protect users from their own stupidity.
While the 700k loss is probably fake, it's probably still substantial. And anyone who thinks a government looks at .3 billion dollars being lost in a virtual currency with a bad reputation and not step in at all or hold it against it is fooling themselves. So don't let this happen. Cold storage your own shit baby!
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:56:07
If you want every store to do so, you'll need 100% adoption. If you want 10% of stores doing this because they cater to bitcoin enthusiasts, these enthusiasts will have to comprise of roughly 10% of the population. 
I can't really get a much simpler answer than that. It doesn't really have anything to do with price. It's just a question of how many people use bitcoin to store the majority of their wealth and therefore think of money in terms of bitcoin and therefore want shops to do so, too. So you'll probably see a strong correlation there. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 14:46:13
So, Gyft doesn't actually let you hold bitcoin. Rather you 'charge' a gift card with bitcoin, as if you charged it with fiat. From that point on, they sell your bitcoin and let you use gyft as a regular gift card.
So if you buy bitcoin and then buy a gyft card straight after, there's 0 tax implications there.
Other than that, I'm not very familiar. You seem to talk a lot about this 1-year period, are you saying your taxes are voided on appreciation of goods that are more than a year old? That sounds very strange.
I don't know exactly how the IRS wants you to calculate the purchases, FIFO or LIFO. But I do know a number of people are working on automating this. Coinbase has a tax tool that spits out the calculations of your wallet activity which is very helpful. They take a 1% fee which, in the scheme of things, ain't too bad. After all, you're buying bitcoin for a potential 2x to 20x appreciation over some period of time (Price of $1k to $10k is not unreasonable in 5-10 years). So 1% isn't too crazy for a 100% to 1.000% investment.
There's a few other tax tools, too. Try looking around a bit. One big non-bitcoin company (500 employees) just announced a bitcoin tax module last week.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:59:01
I don't understand how your question relates to all of this? 
I never said I would take $5m to never be involved in cryptocurrency again ever. 
I said that $5m (or 150k / 75k inflation-protected income a year magically appearing in your bank account even at below-average interest rates) is definitely considered 'fuck you money'. 
Fuck you money has nothing to do with bitcoin, it means that if an employer offers you a job, you have the money to say 'fuck you, my current wealth is enough for me to never work again'.
You challenged that it's not enough to never work again and that's what I disagree with (personally) and was surprised about that anyone would say this. 'fuck you money' has nothing to do with never being able to use cryptocurrency.
edit: as for your unrelated question, my answer would probably be no. Not because of the amount of money, it's more than enough. But because in 40 years I think it'd be hard to buy a cup of coffee or pay the rent in anything but a form of digital currency, so I might be completely fucked in my daily life.
@_date: 2014-04-05 22:25:37
Absolutely, it's non-trivial. But there are people working on it, it's an acknowledged and understood problem. It's actually quite easy to scale the 7 tps up to e.g. 70 under current infrastructure and we currently only use 0.7 tps on average, so it's not an extremely pressing problem. It's important to note that we do and can continue doing a lot of transactions off-chain. e.g. Exchange trades are almost 99% (except withdrawl/deposit) off-chain. Or when Coinbase customers make a payment at a Coinbase merchant, it's off-chain. It's still based on and hooked up to the blockchain, but only at a fraction of its actual size.
@_date: 2014-06-23 13:41:29
Wasn't this well known a while ago... some company said it got $27m in funding (biggest ever at the time) yet nobody heard of them or their investors and there no credible press anywhere... basically an obvious lie that everyone saw through right away?
I mean it has nothing to do with bitcoin. I can start a candy factory making lollipops and say I got $30m in funding, but if anyone is stupid enough to send me $67k a week later... man I don't know what to say. I guess at the end of the day, bitcoin grew so crazily the past years, from a penny to $1000 (100.000x growth is insane) that it attracts foolish greedy people who'll send money on the basis of the most ridiculous get-rich stories there are.
@_date: 2014-05-12 05:12:34
Has nothing to do with bitcoin. Digital payments are hot, lots of new competition (e.g. Stripe) moving in. 
Paypal is looking to do something new as it has outgrown its parent company EBay, had pretty weak management for a few years and faces increasing competition in a world where digital payments are growing fast.
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:59:33
Upvote this shit. 
1 upvote Listen, miners have responsibility as individuals, yes. But one moral individual miner can't fix the problem alone. But GHash, as an individual party, holds the power to completely solve the problem by self-regulating and limit connections after 15-30-40% at the very most. (preferably 15 as then it requires more than 3 pools to collude)
So Ghash does not just have responsibility as much as any miner (it takes two), but it has FAR more power to fix or worsen the situation than any individual miner. And that's why we demand action.
People don't get that 45% fucking hashpower is holding things back. It's completely conceivable that there are adopters, investors, companies etc who are not willing to get into bitcoin because of this threat. Do you honestly think Amazon would be interested in a payment network that's this close to being able to be compromised? If I ran a billion dollar business and had to protect it and its tens of thousands of employees I wouldn't want to get near this 45% bullshit. Even if no attack happened so far, it's holding things back and putting all of us at risk.
@_date: 2014-03-19 00:51:09
NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH THE AWESOME CONFERENCE IN AMSTERDAM:
Awesome speakers. And can pay with bitcoin. (oh and, if anyone wants me to go and report on various talks on reddit, I'd be happy to go for free if anyone wants to pay for a ticket. Any bitcoin millionaires out there? :))
@_date: 2014-04-15 15:40:26
Alright, time to write off all your N&amp;B investments for once and for all lol.
@_date: 2014-10-07 20:11:17
Nah. It's just clever clickbait/hype-marketing.
There's an exchange that sells bitcoin, and you can use a payment method that banks use (like ACH in the US, but better) that allows you to send that company money, who in turn, will give you bitcoins.
So it's just a regular banking service. If the exchange sold apples instead of bitcoin, it wouldn't mean that banks are accepting apples, they're just processing payments for an apple salesman. 
It's still pretty cool. Sofort is a bit like Paypal is in some places, in that you can instantly buy things online and debit it from your bank account. I don't really know of a US equivalent, in the Netherlands we have iDeal. It's basically a private payment processing product like Paypal that requires just a bank account (no paypal account, no linking of creditcards or whatever) that all banks participate in that allows customers to make online payments without chargebacks. Yeah I know, go figure, banking is pretty good over here. So that's what this exchange uses to process bitcoin sales, that's all.
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:46:12
The silicon as a service idea seems rubbish. It has various issues that make it impractical.
The device authentication doesn't require mining to happen on the device.
Machine twitter doesn't require mining to happen on the device. 
Devices paying for themselves. Look none of this requires mining. I'm repeating myself.
The idea is that you can say buy a server, and instead of paying for its internet, for bandwidth, for licensing of software running on the server, for access to paid APIs that the server is hooked into etc... you just buy the server with a mining chip that generates enough revenue to pay for all that itself, and either pay the bitcoins you earn, or license part of the chip to the services you use.
Why is this uninteresting? It's a bit like proposing to purchase a farm. And the farm buys fertilizer and seeds etc. And it pays companies for this. But instead of paying them with your money, you put a solar panel on your farm, and pay the company you buy from in electricity. Only the solar panel is fixed into your farm and can't be taken out, and it degrades very quickly at the speed of moore's law and within no time barely generates any electricity at all.
It's silly. If you want to mine bitcoins, do it on dedicated hardware. Don't put a tiny chip into a phone and router that will be useless half a year later and costs more electricity than it earns (because it competes with dedicated hardware in optimal conditions), just so you can use that router to buy bandwidth, when instead you can just buy bandwidth with a bitcoin wallet and hook it up to your router that's authenticated on the blockchain, all without mining a single satoshi.
Putting a mining chip inside every device like a router is like putting a tiny solar panel on your router, to get electricity to your router. As opposed to generating electricity on efficient, cheaper dedicated concentrated solar parks, and tapping in to that. 


NOOOoo. One can imagine the cloud company to do dedicated professional industry grade mining in locations with cheap cooling and cheap electricity, and blow whatever retail chip in a consumer device you have in your thin client out of the water. What the fuck?


Ah here I see. Of course it all makes sense if a locally mined bitcoin is worth 10x as much as another mined (or already mined) bitcoin. But guess what, that doesn't happen. Bitcoins are fungible and have one price. And there are lots of innovative ways to do extremely fast bitcoin transactions (&lt; 10 minutes), none of which by the way are deemed necessary from the usecases he mentioned.
Am I missing something? Because their CEO is brilliant, but this idea looks like shit.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:37:58
Hehe, mysterious isn't it. Anyway, as far as I understand, Kraken's verification depends on your ID/Residence which states you live in a certain state. They only service a few states, so if you're lucky, you get verified. Then you can fund your account. Which bank account you fund with doesn't really matter as you can't fund unless verified, and verification probably depends on proof of residence showing you live in a state where they've got the necessary licenses.
So if you live in those states, you're lucky. Or if you temporarily move or something and show proof of residence in another country, you're probably good too. You can trade with Kraken worldwide, it's just verification that matters.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:06:46
What exactly is the problem? Them taxing your income? Isn't this considered normal?
@_date: 2014-03-20 13:32:07
Check out coinometrics.com.
Health is a very subjective term. It really depends on what you think is very important for bitcoin. I think a few key metrics can be identified though and they're all trending up, for example:
* Bitcoin transaction amount &amp; transaction value
* Bitcoin hash rate &amp; distribution of said hash rate (network security) 
* Bitcoin VC investments, (VC-funded) startups
The problem is that while the metrics exist, I haven't yet seen any metrics be meaningfully interpreted. 
For example, number of transactions could be meaningless if they're made up of millions of fraction-of-a-cent transactions on SatoshiDice. And total bitcoin volume can be meaningless if they consist of people sending money to themselves (e.g. to consolidate coins on different addresses or verify coins like Bitstamp recently did when it made a 100m transaction).
And then there's lots of off-the-chain activity. For example, nearly every exchange or payment processor works with some internal ledger of some kind. That means their activity does not show up on the blockchain at all. 
There's tons of examples and it's really hard to get any meaningful data. The data is there (bitcoinpulse.com for example), but what it actually means is hard to say. 
In general though, if we assume e.g. 10%, 50% or 99% of all data is 'crap', we can still see that the remaining 'actual' data is trending up pretty strongly and that's important.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:10:21
AWESOME. I love this sort of stuff even if it never becomes practical (although, who knows...)
@_date: 2014-07-06 09:57:38


Yes it does, it'd literally tell me how much they spent, how much they earn, and knowing that the average difficulty rises by 15%-20% or so on average per month, it's easy to see how much is earned in the future. For accuracy electricity / maintenance is added to this and you can very easily calculate current and future revenues as well as expenditures which is ALL you need of course, for calculating profitability.
How difficult is this? Show numbers or shut up. Look I'm a huge critic of cloud mining and third-party mining, I don't like it, don't think the economics work well, but if you say you're certain there is no profitability JUST SHOW THE NUMBERS.
@_date: 2015-05-22 00:58:06
I'd tell him hell fucking yes. Linux is the most used platform in the world that nobody realises. That's fine by me. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 15:34:30
It's kind of like asking what the point is of buying a pickaxe to mine gold, if some rich dude has his own gold mine with a $3 million dollar mining rig. The answer is, there is none. 99.99% (or whatever) of people get their gold by simply buying it. The adage goes that if anyone can make easy money, a professional will sweep in and do it, too, and soon it won't be easy but really hard to do.
Same with bitcoin. You buy it for an investment (has large upside potential, 100x in 2013 for example is pretty unprecedented), for use as a currency because you feel it's a better currency (inflation resistant, spendable and portable worldwide, without the political ramifications of printing money to fund crazy foreign policy and bail out a corrupt banking system. I'm not too political myself about bitcoin, but it's refreshing to see money less linked to politics)
Or you get paid in it of course! :) Lots of businesses get paid in bitcoin and increasingly larger individuals get their paycheck in bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-24 10:11:08
Can we please not get wealth distribution charts, gini coefficients and other nonsense without really really solid statistical research that takes into account many different factors and tries to make a proper calculated guess?
Because just taking all addresses and seeing how much money is in there says absolutely nothing about any of this.
People sometimes forget, there are 2^160 amount of possible addresses. And you can make tens of thousands of them every second. A single person can have 100 million addresses and only own 1 Bitcoin. So using this data without any understanding gives you incredibly dumb results.
For those who need to put 2^160 into perspective, 2^63 grains of sand on all of earth. That means that if each grain of sand were actually its own planet earth and had 2^63 grains of sand on them, all those 2^63 planets with each 2^63 grains of sand, the amount of possible addresses would still be greater than all the grains of sand combined.
@_date: 2014-06-03 01:17:54
Yes they are. Worldwide, Android is 70%, iOS 20% for all smartphones.
Some perspective: they're worldwide numbers, not US. They include $100 phones which aren't nearly as awesome as a $700 Android (HTC One, Samsung Galaxy S5 etc) or $700 iPhone.
But if you look at specific countries like the US or China, in a specific high-end segment, of course the iPhone dominates. Also, it's measured in terms of phones, if measured in terms of say, profits, the iPhone does extremely well. (the hardware on the iPhone has huge margins)
@_date: 2014-08-08 23:13:54


This thread really wasn't about Paypal :-/ It was about bitcoin much more broadly, only mentioning Paypal as one of the better alternatives. It also mentioned consumer protection, value volatility, privacy, usability etc. 
If you took my post as saying 'bitcoin is so much better than paypal, paypal sucks you shouldn't use it', that wasn't my point. Again I use Paypal every week and my business literally almost entirely depends on it at the moment and I don't see that changing in the next 2-3 years at least.
@_date: 2014-04-23 08:49:56
Check out:
Haven't used either, but they're known to do UK.
I'd consider, if you can spare this, to save up 3-6 months of mortgage payments in the US, and do some big orders (e.g. on localbitcoins if you have to). Four times a year meeting someone for 20min and setting up some escrow shouldn't be that big of a deal.
May I ask, how much are the monthly amounts and how much in fees does your bank charge?
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:33:33
Is Jerome on the development team for this? Cause you don't want to go with octobres and novembres instead of octobers and novembers, decembers etc. (check the screenshots on iTunes) in an otherwise English release!
Anyway, great work guys. Hope you move away from the standard iOS UI though. I like Mycelium, but the interface of e.g. Circle or Copay or Ninki makes such a big difference for me.
A nice consumer friendly interface changes the impression from "*this is virtual money made of bits and bytes*" that I can transfer to long arbitrary private keys' to "*this is real money I can use digitally to send to actual people*". And I say that as a software developer who uses the terminal on a daily basis :P
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:11:09
This is kind of what I'm leaning towards. The foundation doesn't run businesses, it doesn't run exchanges, it doesn't run payment processors...  It doesn't do any of that and plays no role in the business end of the ecosystem.
In the ecosystem it's a Public Relations element. And having someone with child-porn associations, innocent or not, PR for you, is just bad practice.
I think Brock is a very interesting and likely a beneficial part of the bitcoin ecosystem on the business end of things. But PR? I just don't think it's a good fit for him.
@_date: 2014-05-10 21:52:28
Yeah that's an interesting question. As our representative, I think it warrants consideration to look into Pierce's past, confront him with some questions and come to some form of a preliminary conclusion, at the very least. More would be nice, but that should happen at the very least.
@_date: 2014-04-21 13:48:08
That's ridiculous. I wouldn't be trying to have a discussion on how likely these 51% attacks are. Security is always a problem, that's undeniable. But we're all aware that you can build a letah bomb of household materials for $100. Should we cower in fear and never take the bus? No.
Improving network security is important, but that doesn't mean we have to pretend as if there is an imminent 51% attack. Nobody has given a viable scenario in which one can profit from such an attack. And nobody has yet given a motive for a malicious attack from a wealthy individual/government on a tiny tiny tiny player in the payments industry.
Comparisons to Coolidge and Mt. Gox are ridiculous. Substantiate your attacks or leave them out. You can't hold 'my approach' responsible for Mt. Gox when from day one I warned against Mt. Gox (and Neo &amp; Bee for that matter). 
I'm interested in a discussion if you have one. Facts matter more than quotes or empty comparisons. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:25:21
Not really... but let's not forget, Bitpay has said months ago it processes more than $1m a day. Coinbase likely does the same number at least (it has multiple billion dollar retailers more than Bitpay). Plus, miners mine about $2m a day.
So all in all, I'd say there's maybe about $5m of selling pressure every single day. So unless people rebuy bitcoin or new people keep buying bitcoin, the price will go down a bit.
Price movements upwards are really a long-term thing. If you look at bitcoin's history, it usually happens within days, weeks or 2 months or so, and then stay relatively stable for 6 months easily or even drop.
@_date: 2014-06-09 14:07:04
I use 3 points
First, explain that money is memory. That sounds a bit strange. I'll explain. 
If you hire me to paint your house, I will, and you must reward me with some value. As it happens though, I don't need anything from you. So how do you pay me? Well, you tell me I can come back any time I want if I need something from you and you'll give this to me as a reward for me painting your house. As you can see, I was paid not money, but rather in a memory of my service to you, and a memory that you owe me.
But this isn't very practical. How do we compare the value of me painting your house to something else? And how can we easily remember everything in a more complex economy where it's not just me painting your house, it's millions of people performing services for millions of others every day? We need a better system than just remembering everything subjectively in our heads.
So we use money. I paint your house and you give me a token which I can later redeem with you. In the US we call these tokens dollar bills. See where I'm going with this? The dollar bills are really just tokens, representations of money you earned by doing something for someone else and being given money with which, at a later time, one can redeem the reward for their services (for which they earned money.)
So far so good. But money is an analogue system. Why not have a digital money? How would we do that? We can't simply create money-files, because those can be copied. And if anyone can copy an infinite amount of money, then nobody has a reason to accept other people's money for their hard labour. (e.g. if I paint your house and you pay me 100 digital tokens, I say no, I can copy and create 100 digital tokens myself, thank you very much.)
Well, this is where the ledger comes in. We've seen that money is just memory, and money tokens (like dollar bills) are really just ways to prove ownership of value. If you have $10, you have 10 tokens which can be redeemed for $10 of value. Why not simply make those tokens slots in a ledger? If I have 10 bitcoins, I don't have physical bitcoin tokens, I just have 10 slots in the ledger with my name on it. This is how bitcoin works. And using this system, I can't copy the money, because you can only put 1 name in 1 slot, and the number of slots can't be increased. The only thing that can be copied is the 'keys' to open these 'slots', which is useless, in the same way I can copy keys to a vault full of gold, but there's still only one vault. 
That's part 1 which explains that bitcoin is a public ledger, and that all money is at its core just a ledger, too. No difference.
Except, (part 2), this ledger is digital! Which is awesome. (Part 2 is explaining why digital is better than not-digital)
Because instead of having to mail envelopes full of cash, we can just use a computer and the internet to change the name in a slot. Sending money is now as easy as sending an email. Digital means there are no borders, you don't have to change euros into dollars because everyone can accept 1 digital global currency without limits. Digital means transactions can happen super fast, and very cheap, too because changing the digital slot in the ledger is just a matter of sending digital information, which is as cheap and fast as sending a message on facebook, reddit or an email. It also means anyone can get access, just like anyone can create an email account or reddit account for free, from anywhere in the world. Digital money is to paper money like Skype is to phonecalls or like Email is to snail-mail, or like any digital system is to a non-digital system: better, faster, cheaper, more accessible and more inclusive. You can talk more about this if you want (e.g. let them see the documentary Spent, or a documentary on the unbanked if you want to highlight financial inclusion and accessibility)
Part 3 is about bitcoin being decentralized. This is perhaps the hardest part as it doesn't show immediate utilities and it's a bit political, too. But the gist of it is that, bitcoin has no authority behind it. That means that it can't be used to subjugate peoples. It means that it can't be used to manipulate the economy. It means bitcoin can't be created out of nothing to fund disastrous foreign policy. It means bitcoin can't be created infinitely to devalue your savings, force economies to need perpetual growth in order to not collapse. It means governments can't limit the transfer of value, just like governments shouldn't be able to limit what you say and where you say it (transfer of information), and shouldn't be able to limit where you travel or want to go (transfer of people) etc. There's a lot to say about this topic, try to make it familiar by referring to other things for which there are no or limited authorities, like the internet itself to an extent.
That's how I approach explaining bitcoin. I explained a little bit how it worked (money is a ledger system, bitcoin is too), but nothing technical. If they ask that, tell them 'you don't want to know, it's a very technical story, just like you don't have a clue how the internet works, how your phone magically transports voice to the other side of the world in real time'. Most will see this as a challenge and insist, and then they'll either be intrigued, or they'll feel overwhelmed and say 'ok you were right, I don't have to know to appreciate it'. This is a better approach than starting technical, as they'll think it's not for them because they don't get it, or think it sounds like crazy bs. The order of the story is very important here! Don't mention mining at all until they insist on knowing the technical bit. And I mean not at ALL, until they ask and specifically insist on hearing the technical story. It's just not relevant and extremely confusing and weird to a typical person.
@_date: 2014-06-08 23:35:22
This is really old I think...
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:50:37
Fact of the matter is that transactions cost fees, and miners can reject non-fee transactions. In fact, a market for fees can be launched in unison, meaning DDoSing gets more and more expensive. Want 10% capacity of a 20mb block? Fine pay $10. Want 50%? Fine pay not $50, but $500. Want 100%? Fine, pay $1.000. You make it expensive to do a DDoS attack, yet reward miners for the storage if someone is willing to pay it (meaning costs and expenses are covered... it's basically attackers paying defenders for their defensive budget), while providing more bandwidth in normal situations than capping it at some low amount like 1mb, an easy target to DDoS attack.
Nobody is claiming 20mb blocks are perfect, you can argue against it. But there seems to be a very strong case that it's at least better than 1mb.
@_date: 2014-07-22 08:44:46
@_date: 2014-05-01 11:38:48
You can run a node on $15-20 a month easily. (all hardware/software/electricity/network included)
'Extremely Challenging' makes it sound like you need a government or big corporation to build a $80m supercomputer or something haha.
@_date: 2014-05-14 10:47:51
He said:


I challenged that explaining how bitcoin is actually cheaper for merchants and in thin-margin industries bitcoin can actually have a huge impact on profits.
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:43:47
But a bartered asset that's easily portable and divisible and serves no other function than as a medium of exchange (and due to the quantity theory of money, it has a value, and thereby to an extent can be considered a volatile store of value). 
In other words I think there's plenty of reasons to call it a currency that's crappy and great at the same time. For users who are fine taking the crap (risk of downward volatility, having to calculate prices from a fiat price), the great aspects make it into a very useful currency.
That's a much more nuanced way of thinking about bitcoin, and also a more correct way. The zimbabwan dollar was much more volatile and it wasn't used as a unit of account due to its volatility (everything was priced in US dollars), yet it was still a 'currency', just a crappy one. Why can't we call bitcoin a currency that's currently crappy for mainstream users, but has the potential to improve? It's clear volatility is trending downwards, it's clear that the causes of volatility (Mt. Gox, regulation, speculation) will become decrease over time etc, so it's clear the currency has potential to improve.
But no it has to be black and white.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:30:32
Well let me put it differently. You can sign away your rights in a contract and voluntarily abide by it, but it doesn't mean the contract is enforceable.
For example you can sign a contract that you're someone's pet slave and voluntarily abide by it, but it wouldn't hold up in court.
You could sign a contract not to bring guns to work, but it wouldn't give anyone the right to prevent you from owning that gun, in the US at least.
I'm not very familiar with the search of the vehicle part. But afaik, you've got constitutional rights to protect you from unreasonable search and seizure. You can't sign away that right (and allow anyone to just search your house at any point without your permission or a warrant or any suspicion whatsoever). But you can of course, give permission if someone asks, in the same way you could voluntarily be someone's slave, but that person couldn't force that on you for any duration of time afterwards if you chose not to want this anymore. Of course they could still search you if they had a warrant, there's no constitutional rights preventing this afaik.
Hope that helps
@_date: 2014-10-02 10:39:44
Yeah they're on-board on the merchant side. (processing bitcoin). Not on the consumer side. (wallets).
It'd be great to see every merchant simply tick the 'bitcoin' box and not have to do anything else. It'd be a massive boon to adoption. But consumer adoption is the big bottleneck here, so there's still a lot to hope for from Paypal. They've talked about digital wallets before, let's hope that happens in 2015-2016.
@_date: 2014-08-21 17:54:02
Its all relative, and relatively were in the top 5 for sure. Look at ownership, nodes, atms, exchanges etc, we consistently rank at the top. But no its not like we all use bitcoin everyday, fact is out pin+ideal is difficult to compete with.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:56:58
2FA is to improve customer-side security. (e.g. people using similar passwords everywhere, keyloggers, friends seeing your pw, phishing attacks)
Exchanges handle the server side security. 1) by keeping 95+% in cold storage (e.g. not-internet connected bitcoin storage in locked vaults which can't be remotely hacked) and 2) regular security for the 2-5% of hot wallet bitcoins. 
If an exchange is ever hacked, only the hot wallets are stolen and an exchange can usually cover these losses.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:46:42
Coinbase is awesome but it's not an exchange. It sources from exchanges and liquidizes coins there. They're more of a broker and have the right licenses for what they do.
@_date: 2014-05-05 14:48:16
"Now that we have premiered, we are beginning negotiations with distributors. Our goal is a swift but wide release, so please hold tight!"
I think people need to understand that core protocol programmers who ran a node in 2010 are not the audience here. It's a mainstream friendly documentary, so you can't just put it up as a torrent on day one. I think it's quite understandable to see them obtain distribution in a select few cinemas and later on TV. Once is all said and done, a torrent will come out. But no TV or Cinema will air a niche documentary that's already been available for free on the internet for weeks.
So be patient. These guys spent something like two years of their lives on this documentary for a mainstream audience. For someone to torrent that could ruin plans to get this film infront of mainstream viewers on TV. So let's try to be patient and respect the process and all the effort so far.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:42:50
40%! Damn, can you explain or break that number down? Who's charging that exactly...
1 upvote keep making money off of enjoyable stuff! @_date: 2014-04-01 12:33:41
It's been known for a few days that because Coinbase has a facebook-like feature where you type in a name and can see their email address, it's pretty easy to iterate through their database and obtain people's names and email addresses. It's childs play, not really 'hacking', and Coinbase said it was not really a bug. (in the same way almost everyone's landline phone numbers are legitimately available online).
The rest is FUD until there is proof. If it had said 'Coinbase provides your transaction history to your mom' it'd be just as credible. Ask yourself, how can they know this, and how easy would it be to provide evidence of this if they did indeed find out. That leads me to believe it's probably made up, although not necessarily untrue.
And of course, it's no different from any bank out there. Everyone does KYC and AML. Probably about 90% of exchange volume does KYC and AML and will readily share data on suspect users. 
Coinbase is a *great* mainstream service. If you're all about anonimity and government circumvention, feel free not to use them. But honestly, most people who just want to use Coinbase to buy at Overstock don't care if your transactions are shared with any government authority. But again, it's probably BS. 
@_date: 2015-05-21 14:10:12
Liquid fund isn't really an official word people use often, it's just a fund (some money) that's liquid (easily accessible).
For example, suppose you invest money by lending it out to a company for 10 years for interest, that isn't liquid. If you lose your job and suddenly can't pay rent, you still have to wait years until you can access the money you actually have.
Money in a checking account on the other hand is very liquid.
It always makes sense to have a small but substantial emergency fund with which you can survive for say 6 months ($10k) if you happen to lose your job or whatever, to pay for important things like rent, food but also insurance. (imagine you get hit by a bus and have to pay $100k out of pocket. Insurance is important).
So if you have $30k, it makes sense to keep $10k relatively liquid, at least. 3 year inflation average has been about 1%, so if you don't invest it at all, you lose about $100 a year. That's not a crazy price to pay to keep your money liquid in case of emergency, see it as an $8 a month insurance package.
But better is to call your bank and ask which low-risk investments they have available. The US might be a bit shitty right now in terms of saving rates (stock indices do very well though), but here in Europe it's easy to get 1% interest on a de facto checking account (super liquid), and 1.5% if you're willing to not touch it for 1 year. (you can get it before then, but you pay a fee). 
You may even say you don't need a liquid emergency fund at all, if you know what you're doing. The thing about financial illiquid assets is that you can make them liquid for a fee. For example if you go to a bank and say 'look I have this $100k home', they'll have no problem giving you a $10k loan under a mortgage programme, generally. If you go to a bank and say 'look I have $30k in 10 year bonds, I need money now', you can sell them. Hell even if you are an entrepreneur and a customer agreed to pay you $10k, but you have to wait months, before you receive it, you can sell that bill to a factoring company at a discount the same day. Which means if you want to risk it, you could put your money in long term investments, and if you need money due to emergency, pay some fees to get some liquidity. Although I don't ordinarily recommend it.
As for your remaining $20k, I'd put it into an index fund. Real estate is fine if you know very, very well what you're doing. (e.g. you've been in real estate for your entire career and can spot market opportunities). If not, it's probably better to just invest it into reputable real estate companies who know better than you. Although I'm personally not really into that, I think you should stay away from real estate unless you're heavily into it, buy &amp; let, flip houses, scoop up agricultural land you suspect will turn into city land in 20 years etc etc. That requires real know-how. If I were you I'd put it into an index fund, something like vanguard. They get 10-20 year average returns of like 8%, they did 15% in the past 5 years (post crisis easy coasting years). If you'd put $30k into them in 2010, you'd have $60k today. But 8% is more realistic, maybe 6-7% after fees and inflation and all. And that's very solid, not a bad idea to put $20k into that and let it sit for decades, keep $3k in your checking/savings account and $7k in a money market account or something like that.
Anyway try to personalfinance subreddit it's 10x better than this post.
@_date: 2014-06-28 15:00:34
Listen I'll say it once more.
The title of this thread is bitcoin will never become a currency, as said by the OECD.
Find me a quote where the OECD said that. You can't. They never said this.
They said bitcoin can't ever become legal tender. Legal tender and currency are not the same. You can have completely lawful currencies that are not legal tender. You could have illegal currencies that are not legal tender. Not all currencies are legal tender. It's NOT the same. Just look up legal tender and currencies if you don't understand and compare definitions.
They've not slyly hinted at the notion that bitcoin won't be mainstream at all. In fact, they did the opposite. They've said it holds great potential as a currency, as a payment system, as a medium of exchange etc. Read the paper. I read OECD papers all the time for work, it's all out there for free.
@_date: 2014-04-07 15:09:52
Good news. Glad to see both stay on board and identify what they do best and focus on that. Keep it up!
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:21:27
It's only 'young' because it took a long time to do things right, in particular compliance and security. Kraken actually started in the summer of 2011 after Mt. Gox's first goxxing inspired its CEO to step up the exchange game. And they did. So in a way, it's pretty old, but it's been servicing only recently.
@_date: 2014-05-06 00:22:41
Really love what I'm hearing. Newfound respect. I really like the angle he has on various topics, it's very pragmatic with pragmatism taking the focus, but without completely ditching idealistic notions of challenging control, authority, governance etc. 
I also love how they seem to be really focusing on the mainstream audience and describe it by saying Coinbase's bid-ask spread is probably already too complex and 'scary' for the average user. In other words, they're more mainstream-userfriendly than Coinbase, which arguably has held the title as King of Mainstream service. Fast on and off ramps in a way that's very intuitive and familiar? That's the type of business that could let bitcoin explode. Especially when backed with proper governance and security.
Then he made a number of quite striking analogies and some historic examples, some personal, which provided a bit of a confidence boost that bitcoin adoption is well on its way, and that its core characteristics are a recipe for success. (open, permission less, low cost, trustless systems tend to get embraced due to being accessible to all).
All in all a great talk. Saw the Armory one, too. Love what they're doing.
@_date: 2014-09-30 10:50:14
This, look I'm a big fan of bitcoin but it's simply too soon. Amazon takes 200m in sales everyday, that's a lot more than the total of all bitcoins moved around on the blockchain on a daily basis. Compare that to Bitpay having stated they do about 1m in processing daily, with Coinbase around the same figure. Amazon has 75 billion in annual revenue and it's worth $150 billion. You'd need to spend every bitcoin in the world 30 times over to buy it.
It just doesn't make a lot of sense right now. If bitcoin's cap is at $50b and it moves $1b daily and payment processors do $50m of sales everyday, it makes a lot more sense for Amazon to jump into this.
We simply mustn't forget that there is a cost to implementation. The cost is training part of their 130 thousand employees what it is. If someone makes a call, wants to return an item, needs customer support, you need to have trained your staff. And you're simply not going to train your staff for 0.1% extra sales when no competitor is forcing you to do so and a few thousand people have expressed their desire to buy. That's the equivalent of integrating a whole new service for your worldwide $150 billion business and training much of your staff, just to sell an order of computers to a local school with 1500 students in a tiny little town. It just makes no sense.
If bitcoin can't survive without Amazon then it's crap. If it can, then Amazon will at one point or another, integrate it. I think it'll happen but I doubt we'll see it before or in 2016 personally.
@_date: 2014-04-07 12:33:02
Looks pretty sweet, thanks for sharing. Never heard of it though nor its founder, has anyone tried it?
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:26:24
Mike Hearn's presentation was awesome, I really recommend it. It's very sobering actually, not the most fun news and definitely not what I would've hoped to hear, but I'm glad I did.
Biggest takeaway was that while merchant growth is very fast and sort of a 'no-brainer', user growth is a lot harder than people think and also a lot smaller. All the wallet-stats you see would be actually be pretty flat if uninstalls are included. (e.g. Andreas's graph for active blockchain.info wallets shows a flat line for feb, march and april which is really disappointing considering they add about 100k wallets monthly and we get thousands of extra merchants monthly)
Seems like only Dutch presentations are left for today.
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:04:49




Feel free to find me the source where he said 'anyone' instead of 'significant number of people'. Thanks in advance.
@_date: 2014-10-02 10:49:28
So silly. They're not a bank. Look up what constitutes a bank. Look up how they're registered with Fincen and the other relevant banking authorities. Look up the licenses they have.
They're a money transmitter, not a bank. All banks are money transmitters, some money transmitters are banks. Western Union is a money transmitter, not a bank. An investment office often is a money transmitter, not a bank. An ATM is a money transmitter, not a bank. 
A bank is not a word you can easily throw around, it has a clear distinction.
Banks are connected to the federal banking system. They're part of the financial deposit insurance corporation (which means all consumer deposits up to $250k are FDIC insured), they're connected to the office of the comptroller of the currency.
There is such a think called a banking license, and no bitcoin company has one.
@_date: 2014-12-23 05:58:23
You're welcome :)
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:48:09
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:46:11
This isn't his problem though, he did get e2e etc, problem is that's not what he's supposed to be getting. The reason is that it's a hex number and not an ascii string, and so the sha256 works differently and most online calculators don't do hex data.
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:56:03
Yup, this. Would you play a game of football risking $1k without knowing the rules, or ever having played? No, experiment first, start small, get to know and understand things first.
First of all, begin with find a buyer. That's going to be tricky in the first place. There aren't mant people who own bitcoin, only about 1m out of 7000m, meaning less than 0.1% of the population. And most of those don't own anywhere near 0.3m worth of bitcoin, let alone those who want to buy terrain in a specific spot. I'd personally advertise on some subreddits like BitMarket as well as contact Coindesk to inform them of this link, usually they'll post about 'big' things like 'X buys Tesla with BTC' or 'Y sells piece of island for BTC' so you might get some traffic from there. Lastly I'd simply advertise as normal in USD anywhere you normally would, but add the option to pay in BTC.
A third party being a middle man is very likely going to happen and that' s a good thing. It will probably be (your) attorney or a public notary who'll need to acknowledge the transfer of the deed of the property anyway. And it's important for that notary to acknowledge the payment in bitcoin. If not, the government might come after you. (as when property is transferred without payment, that usually means either A) a gift, which is taxed almost everywhere above some threshold like $20k, or B) there was payment but under the table, to avoid taxes.) So make sure the BTC payment is acknowledged and taxes are paid accordingly. How you arrange all these things is something you can generally work out with the buyer. Once you find the buyer, it's not hard to pay e.g. $1k for some expertise (e.g. an attorney or a bitcoin security expert) to help you set up the transfer / escrow / storage.
@_date: 2014-05-10 13:51:35
Thanks for doing this. Few questions from me:
* Bitcoin is currently minuscule but an oft-heard remark is that it will disrupt entire industries due to cost-effectiveness and speed and will one day be adopted by banks itself e.g. to replace ACH. What are the chances you see this happening and on what basis? I love bitcoin, but it appears to me a centralized system can be a lot cheaper than a decentralized system, and a decentralized system can be cheaper than a distributed system which bitcoin is. If you look only at cost with regards to the topic of centralisation, and not at governance/politics/power/trust/conflict-of-interest, isn't it easy for banks to compete with bitcoin on a cost-basis once an improvement to ACH is rolled out if ever?
* Do you see any interest on the horizon for institutional investments? BIT allowed you to buy securities which are straightforward from an accounting/regulatory/security perspective, it's as easy as buying gold futures now. Yet they've 'only' sold $50m worth of coin, 1% institutional investment seems quite low and while it's impossible to say, it does seem like prices are at a low-point while all user-metrics are up. Do you expect this to significantly change in 2014, or do you expect institutions to really wait until something like 2016-2017 to get in big?
* Why did you choose not to hold bitcoin beyond small amounts for experimentation? I'd love to hear some critique from your end, I can't imagine you are so old with such high debts that you'd be financially incapable of taking the risk if you believed in it, so I assume you have some significant doubts about bitcoin.
* We're somehow seeing pretty low inflation rates (although they were just announced to be rising) at a time after quite a bit of quantitative easing and record-low interest rates all over the OECD countries. It's very hard to say, but can you explain this and do you expect inflation to move up in the next 5 years? It'd be interesting in the context of bitcoin.
* Do you have any idea about the extent of regulatory fees as a portion of banking fees? I ask this because I wonder if bitcoin companies in the long-run won't have to subject their users to nearly the same fees that banks do in order to pay for compliance. Distributed systems don't inherently equate less-expensive, and banks can become fully digital and create low-friction systems similar to bitcoin to an extent. (again, ignoring all the political aspects of bitcoin). For example, some papers note that Western Union fees were insensitive to competition and for a big part high due to recipient taxes and sender-regulation. I wonder if then it's naive to expect bitcoin to evade such costs without breaking the law.
* How do your friends and colleagues view bitcoin? Is it at all discussed? Is it actively ignored, resisted/fought, integrated, to any extent at all, or is it not a factor? We've heard of Mastercard hiring a lobbyist already.
* Tell us about your startup!
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:05:19
I think it's more likely we'll see at least 10x more transactions, meaning the fee can stay the same. That still leaves a big gap causing miners to leave, but it's likely a good portion will be patched due to mining becoming cheaper, meaning fewer dollars spent on mining can provide more network security than the ratio of today, thereby even if some miners leave, we can still keep high network security. (which is a bit of a strange argument, because by the same token, it's cheaper to battle that network security).
Either way, floating fees are on the agenda. So it should all even out and keep the network secure, but it might get a bunch more expensive at some point to maintain certain network security when money supply runs out. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:33:22
Not sure if legit. In any case, direct anyone interested to Kipochi. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:22:47
I've never been scammed because I don't send my money to near anonymous people I don't know and have no reason to trust. Mt. Gox was a joke to me in the first week I ever read about bitcoin, it was a trainwreck you could see coming months and months before it happened.
Just consider how many scams there would be if you could chargeback a bitcoin transaction. That ends the conversation. If you want chargebacks you can build it ontop of bitcoin with a centralized service, that's fine by me if you want it. But the protocol underlying that can't have chargebacks allowed by anyone. 
Fact is, merchants are less likely than users to scam the other party. So who do you want to burden with chargeback risk? 
All the bitcoin scams of the early days by the way I ignore. Not because they're not happening, but because it's not representative. It's like watching a child with better genes struggle with spelling, math and grammar and we all laugh at it, completely ignoring that the child's genes will turn it into a far smarter human than the world has ever seen. Growing pains have to be put into a context. 
I think bitcoin will reduce fraud rates with payments and identity theft by a lot in the long run much better than any 1960s creditcard system ever could.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:26:28
For direct transactions, use Circle. Get them to sign up, you sign up. It's mostly US-only. You can buy bitcoin for free, and they can sell it for free, and it's same-day arrival.
Also contact Bitpay and Coinbase and have a chat. They'll have the best ideas about what's possible for a larger scale. (e.g. if you want to auomate these things).
Could you give us an idea of where your friction is right now? What are you paying, how long are you waiting, do all your partners have a bank/paypal account? Which countries are they located in?
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:28:20
This is the situation:
someone recklessly runs a company, has huge security / legal / financial problems 5 times, in the end bankrupts it.
These are two ways to then handle the situation. There is a difference, I'm sure you'll agree.
- Take this shit company with shit technology, negative capital, a crap brand and bad reputation and revive it, allowing that certain someone to keep part of his company and play a role in it
- End it and let better companies thrive who distance themselves from this company not just in word but also in practice by doing everything Mt. Gox wouldn't do. ( audits, secure cold wallets, proper legal team etc). 
Again, neither path has any resolve for the users' funds, they're gone. If they weren't gone, then they could be retrieved even if Mt. Gox dies. In bankruptcy, assets are sold and liabilities are paid to the best extent possible. But the coins are gone and nothing will bring them back. 
If you want to start an exchange, make a lot of money and pay it to those who lost it at Mt. Gox, go ahead. All I know is that I think it's dumb to buy Mt. Gox  because you're paying to buy crap technology, a bad brandname and huge liabities.
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:53:41
They sort of are, actually, but that's fine. It has little to do with payments and a lot to do with verifying what happened, dispute mediation etc. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 18:17:31
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:59:44
Yup, bitonic is pretty sick. Bought quite a bit of coin there. For anyone unfamiliar, in the Netherlands we can buy bitcoin with any standard bank account online at 0% fees without any verification, I just need to fill in my wallet address and my bank account password which is pretty much like logging in to my gmail. 
If I would time it, it's probably slightly faster to buy bitcoin for me online than it is to get fiat money from my ATM if I have my wallet adress in copy/paste. Oh and it's secure, too.
@_date: 2014-09-17 00:49:49
Yes, it makes it cheaper to pay for debt, plus it creates money to buy real estate &amp; businesses abroad (e.g. in the US, Europe) while heavily restricting foreign ownership in China (the FDI is there, but often funneled through a Chinese company), as well as devaluing the currency to boost exports and thereby propping up employment rates, while increasing internal spending and investments that boost economic growth and create strong internal economy that they'll transition to (from an export-oriented economy).
It's pretty much been their 50 year plan since 1978 to open up, build an economy on exports and eventually shift back to a strong internal economy. I've had the pleasure of visiting and studying in China and the political leadership is fascinating and extremely effective. It's no paradise that's for sure, but they make all the smart moves. Only worry is that it'll bounce back partially at one point, there's a huge housing bubble and I'm sure we'll see financial issues within 15 years that will affect everyone.
@_date: 2014-05-15 08:54:36
lol... worst place ever.
edit for clarification: Born and raised in Amsterdam, still live here, and the brewery is a really shitty tourist trap that costs too much and is basically one big marketing ploy that leaves you with ugly green branded crap any Dutch person is embarrassed to wear and drops you off in the heineken-store where you can buy more heineken branded generic crap bought off Alibaba for 5 cents. Heineken isn't 'premium beer', it's pretty much mass-produced decent beer with a shitton of marketing and a slightly higher price here, a bit like Coca Cola. Apart from this, it's pretty much one big orchestrated photo op, outside there's this shitty old cart with heineken kegs we haven't seen in hundreds of years that's blocking the walkway that causes all tourists to pose infront of it, while their friends stand on the fucking bicycle lane to take the picture, thereby fucking up the bicycle lane, too, and it gets worse because they arrive by massive buses that clog up the street too as they park their and drop off hundreds of mindless zombie tourists who bought a 'package trip' instead of actually fucking traveling and seeing places on their own account, who pretty much hop on and off buses to visit all the Dutch tourist traps and load up their bus with shitty tourist items. (Yes, groups of tourists who ALL wear 'Amsterdam' hats like this  are openly ridiculed), so the pavement, bicycle lane and car lane are all clogged up by these people. 
I mean I can go on... it's really shit. But hey I've been a tourist myself in 4 different continents, I know full well things that locals laugh at can be a lot of fun as a tourist. But there's a local perspective at least :)
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:03:37
I'll go (and report for reddit) if anyone wants to pay for my conference-ticket :p
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:17:03
@_date: 2014-07-15 11:48:30


I'm not quite sure technically how it could work, but in terms of the design... it's certainly interesting. I guess one problem would be that everyone who doesn't want to lose their money has to mine, and I think that fundamentally isn't the right way to build a system. 
For example look at agriculture, less than 2% of the people in the US/EU/OECD countries feed the other 98% + -imports + exports. Can you imagine if everyone had to produce their own food? In short, this notion of division of labor, while it carries various issues, is generally seen as a huge boon to the economy. And in CryptoCurrency, I think some division of labor (i.e. not everyone mines, but maybe 5% of the people do for example) is a better idea. 
So in short, everytime I don't have my computer running, I'm losing coins. Anyone who holds coins in the system has to mine 24/7 else he or she loses money. Everyone has to be a node, process blocks etc. That means that someone in Malawi who might be able to store a PoW coin and make transactions, would lose money if he had wanted to store a deflationary (moneysupply) PoS coin as he couldn't do PoS on his feature phone.
That will invite big centralized custodial accounts who hold your coin or some derivation of it and do PoS for you. That could actually be more harmless than it sounds, if e.g. you only send them proof of ownership of the coins, and let them process it.
So that's one thing that could be an issue I don't know...
The other is that deflationary currencies are generally not well regarded. For one, there's the story of Japan's infamous deflationary spiral, causing issues to the extent of people talking about a 'lost generation' and 'lost decade' or even decades. Bitcoin is ultimately deflationary in terms of price levels, as when inflation of the money supply eventually stops, some private keys will be lost and coins forever destroyed (say 0.1% a year or something like that), and population growth will increase (likely from 7 at least to 9 billion) and (international) trade is likely to increase with productivity / economic growth and further globalisation and the inclusion of hundreds of millions of people into a modern economy (look at Nigeria, Indonesia, Bangladesh etc, hundreds of millions of new middle class over the next 30 years). So given that, bitcoin is set to be deflationary in and of itself. But to add to that, an actual structural deflationary trend into the protocol, might overdo it and incentivize not spending money too much. (particularly as a lot of PoS already works with 'age', if you spend your coin, the age resets, and age is a big factor in how much coin you can generate. So age itself already gives people a reason not to spend their coin).
The '50% of coins' rule is a decent idea but it's also a bit of a tragedy of the commons problem. If someone else runs their PC and stakes, then I don't have to. But if everyone thinks like this then nobody will stake. If only some think like this, others can freeload. Maybe transaction fees would be an adequate reward though.
Indeed shorting might also be a PoS issue, although indeed only possible for very very few rich parties. (e.g. borrow 40% of coins, sell 20%, double-spend attack with the other 20%, its price plummets, you buy some cheap coins, and give back the 40% of all coins). It's very much theoretical, I wouldn't expect such a large loan to ever be possible, especially to just one party. But there's fundamentally something tricky about being able to borrow an asset, then use the asset to manipulate its own price downwards, and then give it back like nothing happened.
Anyway, the general feeling I'm left with is... interesting but, why is an inflationary currency so bad? Gold actually has about 1.75% inflation annually, and it's remarkably consistent. Its total supply is indeed fixed (until we figure out asteroid mining in space, and we're getting closer than people might think!) but the above-ground reserves do grow every year, somehow, roughly at the rate of average worldwide economic growth. And it works quite well, as a stable form of money. If gold was digital, and not so hard to transfer, store, divide and secure, it'd be a great form of money, yet slightly inflationary. So I think a 1% permanent inflation isn't actually the worst thing that can happen. The problem with fiat is that it's not always 1%, sometimes it's close to 10% (US in the 70s-80s, Argentina today), sometimes it's 50% (Venezuela today), sometimes it's 20600% (Argentina in 1990 the year I was born). And often it's used to fund ugly foreign policy (US, $4 trillion dollar war. To put that into context, there are 100m children without access to education. You could give them $40k each, for $4 trillion, and offer primary &amp; secondary education &amp; some college to all). That's why a lot of bitcoiners have an issue with a flexible money supply. But at least for me personally, this notion of some inflation (1-2%) going to the utility providers of the currency-network (where becoming a miner is open to anyone in that it is permissionless. requires no permits, authority or identity, just utility) is such inherently a bad thing. And this is oft-repeated by economists, who are often cited to favor modest inflation to deflation, although this can be argued against, it's definitely not the end of the world.


Hehe okay! But yeah this is a pretty major issue that remains.
Note, I know very little about PoS systems :p Might be completely wrong on some points, just tried to offer my best thoughts.
@_date: 2014-06-28 15:21:07
Generally, a well-encrypted piece of data can live anywhere. So you could publish the data in a superbowl commercial and still be safe if you really wanted.
So what I generally do is take my key, encrypt it, then put it in my email. Then I take the password for the encryption and write it down and keep that safe.
For me that's a lot safer. Even if someone finds a piece of paper with some random letters on it, it's completely useless. They'd then need to hack my email, go through it, find the right file (which is named after something boring like 'marketresearch furniture business.doc' and then decrypt it. The chances of that are extremely low. If you want you can keep your encrypted key offline too, like in a bank vault.
But at the end of the day there's always a place where the buck has to stop. At some point in the process you must somewhere save the data that allows you access. Whether that's the key itself, an encryption key, or an encryption key of an encryption key, at some point that's the access key and you have to store it somewhere, paper, memory, a bank vault. The idea is to create a few extra steps that make it harder for an attacker (e.g. encrypting the private-key and storing the encryption key is harder to attack than if the private key is stored) and then store the last step somewhere safe, if possible with redundancy (e.g. multi-sig, shamir's secret sharing) in multiple safe places. It depends on the value. If you store $1000 you can store the keys at home, if you store $10m, I'd store an encrypted 2 of 3 multi-sig key in 3 bank vaults from 3 different banks, for example, because $80 a year is fine for securing $10m, but too much for $1k.
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:39:15
ugh... not only is this an empty post ("we should all support world peace!", yeah, everyone agrees, no what?) 
But it's also so paypal-focussed, as if when we convert or beat paypal, bitcoin has won the game. Bitcoin is about WAY more than just web-payments. 
@_date: 2015-05-21 23:43:33
Absolutely, although in Wilson's case he's the real deal, genuinely knows what he's doing (took him decades in his own opinion) and is very well respected as a VC, had had great success, and is one of few celebrity VCs (those that have deeply thought out public ideas about topics like tech, regulation, management, finance, startups etc, and command large followings) like Thiel or Andreessen or Dixon, who all have invested in bitcoin companies btw.
As for those investments, they were all early stage. Not just Twitter/Tumblr/Foursquare/Zynga/Kickstarter but also Etsy, Coinbase, DuckDuckGo, Duolingo, MongoDB, Flurry. I've basically been a customer/user at all those companies except Zynga (although they have 250 million MAUs), but Tumblr/Foursquare didn't appeal to me too much personally. And they were all early stage investments.
@_date: 2014-04-12 17:11:50
All the better! It's pretty clear if you look at the trend of fees in the bitcoin space, then seem to go down faster than banking fees. In fact, there are recent signals of banking fees increasing, and even the concept of zero-fee banking to disappear (things like ATMs are generally free in most places, but that will change).
For example:
In any case, if banking fees can come down, that's quite fine by me. I have no inherent need for bitcoin to succeed as long as the outcomes can be achieved. Besides banking competing with bitcoin and improving, I'm also not against the idea of banks incorporating bitcoin, or for e.g. Paypal to add digital currencies to their current 'digital' fiat-denominated wallets. All the better.
@_date: 2014-08-10 14:21:00
Gonna post a message of appreciation. I encourage everyone to do so :)
@_date: 2014-08-14 09:17:25
Agreed + lack of pin confirmation stood out to me.
@_date: 2014-06-27 20:08:13
Thats hilarious
@_date: 2014-05-23 17:30:22
yay for precedents 
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:50:45
Haha that's funny and completely ridiculous
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:21:52
You have all kinds of parties who can buy and sell shares in the ETF which changes the price (supply demand) and they can do this on the NASDAQ, so any investor using their regular investment accounts or terminals like people who work at a bank or investment fund or pension fund can now buy shares in the ETF. They don't have to register on an exchange and create a wallet or something, they never actually hold bitcoins, they just hold an asset that tracks the price of bitcoin so they get exposure to bitcoin's value without risk exposure with wallets/theft/identitytheft/accounting issues of e.g. registering with Bitstamp and sending them a ton of money and then setting up cold storage etc.
Then you have this general creation/redemption mechanism of any ETF. Read the above link. In short, authorized parties will create/redeem shares in the ETF and arbitrage the exchange price and the ETF price. These big market makers make sure the ETF price tracks the bitcoin price, pay the expenses and make profit on the arbitrage, and create a lot of liquidity.
They have a prospectus with more info btw.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:11:12
Not sure, that's the thing, for me this week was one of the most quiet ones compared to the month before.
It could just be a consolidation of good news building up. If you have 1 piece of news, one might say meh. If you have 5, one might be interested. If you have 10, they start to form an opinion, and a month later have made a decision and make an investment. So it's definitely normal to see buying decisions lag behind good news.
But nobody really knows.
@_date: 2014-05-21 21:52:08
I thought there was a criminal investigation though. 
I'd sort of expect for them at least to say 'X was missing because X was stolen and he denied involvement'. But we haven't even heard that, nor have we heard he's got a criminal procedure against him. That's confusing to me. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 11:26:33
Yes, sort of. Oil doesn't really make the dollar powerful, it just allows the US to generate massive trade deficits and fiscal deficits and borrow the money because almost every country needs dollars to buy oil in the global markets. But in terms of value, the dollar is worth less individually than either the Euro or the Pound, who don't enjoy the existance of a petroeuro (very small) or a petropound (virtually nonexistant). 
Let's not forget, Silk Road was closed down on Oct 2nd 2013. Bitcoin prices were $100 that day. A month later they were at $200 and another month later at $1150. Also, Silk Road traded 1.2m in goods monthly while monthly total bitcoin trades total about 2000m monthly (and this excludes a lot of off-chain activity, like at Coinbase or virtually all exchanges). In other words, Silk Road was actually a very tiny portion of bitcoin usage and bitcoin's price jumped 10x months after Silk Road was completely shut down. 
So I'm not sure if bitcoin really needs this one exclusive, unique, popular thing. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 13:12:30
Not really. I'm quite comfortable with my holdings. I might buy $10k worth just for a really long-term (10y) position in case it does 100x that's another million.
I'd buy some property and some technology index stocks, some gold... Already have bitcoin. I'd stop paying rent, otherwise live quite similarly.
@_date: 2014-05-17 00:41:19
lol this is hilarious. +1 for doge.
Now let's get back to bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-09-15 23:17:01
Yes and no. Yes because, well, that's pretty easy to do, in fact you could probably already load bitaddress.org in your browser, turn on airplane mode, then go back to the browser and run the cached software offline if you wanted. Making a private key really is pretty trivial from a software point of view, it only requires the random generation of a 256-bit number, and bitaddress can make such a paper wallet for you in any browser. And you could wrap it as an app and put it in the appstore, too, that's not an issue.
The reason I said no, too, is because it wouldn't be truly cold storage (which is the point when generating a wallet offline), because the device has been connected to the internet at some point, and will be at some point, again. Either of those two is an issue, and prevents it from being a truly cold storage key.
The reason for this is that if a device was ever connected, it could be infected by malware, that for example instead of generating a random key, would generate a pre-set key the hacker chose, meaning if you put any bitcoin on that key, the hacker sees it and takes it out.
And if the device never was connected to the internet, but will be, then you have the problem of a hacker potentially finding logs, backups, inspect the memory etc, and find the key, and then send it back to the hacker over the internet.
None of this is very likely or very common by the way, it'd be pretty safe regardless, but it doesn't take away the fact that this wouldn't be true cold storage, which is an important detail if you're looking to maximize security.
@_date: 2014-04-13 11:21:22
The video is decent but makes a few shortcuts as to how the fundamentals work. 
For example, he mentioned this notion that a cheaper ASIC would make it cheaper to do a 51% attack. But that's silly. When a cheaper ASIC arrives, it means 'regular' miners can get more hashing power for less money, meaning it require more hashing power to do a 51% attack and you'll end up spending just as much.
Hashing power relates to miner revenue per dollar spent on hashing, nothing else. In other words, if Bitcoin rewards 25 bitcoin per block every 10 minutes, it means miner revenues are 3600 blocks or ~ $1.5m daily. 
That means that the sum of all miner expenditures will be up to $1.5m. This is logical, if I tell you you need to spend 1$ to make $1.5 dollars, you'll agree. You'll also spend $1.4 to make $1.5. (Approximately, there are some other small factors that aren't very important to illustrate this point).
In other words, if miners used to spend say $1.4m on mining expenses to make $1.5m in block rewards, and it turns out hashing becomes 50% cheaper, they'll only need to spend 0.7m. But obviously, they'll immediately buy more hashing power to compete for that 1.5m meaning nothing really changes.
As for the likeliness of such an attack? Well, consider that you calculated it currently costs 180million to do 51% attacks The important thing to note is, what could you gain? Well, you could double spend. Meaning you could send say $1billion worth of bitcoin to an exchange, sell it for fiat, then mine a different chain an hour later where you sent the money to another exchange and sell the same bitcoin for fiat.
I hope you see the problem, bitcoin doesn't have $1b in daily liquidity. In reality 100% of all exchange volume averages about 15 million, and only about 3-4m in any one exchange. In other words, you'd have to spend about 180m to do a 51% attack today (if you were somehow, unrealistically, able to just buy 180m worth of ASICs and run them all the same day without any manufacturing or shipping delays) and you'd be able to double-spend and gain &amp;maybe* about 5-10m in fiat. Of course after just 10-20 minutes you'd be found out, exchanges would shut down, fiat withdrawls wouldn't go through, you'd leave a gigantic trail etc. You couldn't sustain this for more than 30 minutes as nobody will accept a bitcoin when they have clear data showing there's a double-spend attack, meaning any control you hold over transactions is control over transactions of now worthless slots in a ledger. In other words, the cost/benefit ratio for a 51% makes no economic sense.
Of course, one could do a 51% attack just to shut down bitcoin, but then we're talking an extremely malicious government shutting down a service that currently does less than 1/50.000th of all creditcard transactions and spending hundreds of millions of dollars doing this which is not easy to hide or justify. Why would you do it, to prevent circumvention of capital controls? Meanwhile, all you really had to do is criminalize bitcoin in your country or prevent certain things like banks servicing bitcoin exchanges (e.g. the China situation) to massively reduce bitcoin's impact.
In the long-run, the $180m cost will go up drastically as miner revenue rises (from more transactions and higher prices of bitcoin block rewards), governments will probably start running mining nodes themselves and the cost/benefit reduces even more.
In other words, I'm not really concerned. It's important to talk about these things though.
@_date: 2014-04-13 00:49:08
Whatever you do, test it with $50 cents first. If it works out, go full storage.
What you need to understand about cold storage is simply that a cold storage has never been connected to the Internet. As such, the only way to steal it is to find where you store your private keys (which you could memorize or write down as an encrypted sentence on a piece of paper that you can store in a vault). Because it's not connected to the internet, you can't be hacked. That's the idea.
I'll let others explain exactly how. There's a ton of different methods, but please experiment with small amounts first.
@_date: 2014-08-09 19:40:32
You haven't really answered my question yet.. you've left me curious :)
@_date: 2014-08-03 19:01:06
It's a regular banking product and those aren't free generally. You can't create your own debitcard just like that. You could, but it'd only work on your own terminal you designed. Try to put it in a terminal that only accepts VISA and Mastercard? No luck, of course. 
So what do you do? Well, two options, either create your own terminal and convince 30 million merchants to buy your terminal and accept your card worldwide (like VISA did). Good luck with that, eh?
Or, you contact visa and say 'I want a partnership'. They say sure. Then you negotiate and negotiate, and eventually they say 'this is what it costs'. It's expensive, cause Xapo is a tiny company in the payments space right now with only a few hundred or few thousand pre-orders. Sure if you're Amazon and can offer 20 million pre-orders, you can get a deal. But this is Xapo guys. Then you say yes, because if you say no, there's no product. It's better to have an optional expensive product than no product, no? So you say yes. 
You then post the update of the unfortunate news as the product becomes available. You then pay for the $15 of the early adopters who'd otherwise have to pay, as a sign of goodwill. 
And then you get a community who shits all over you. Look, I get it, they overpromised, the communication was sloppy. But they didn't scam anyone. They didn't charge anyone for a different product that the customer paid for. They didn't steal money or force fees on you. And it's extremely likely they're not even making any real profit on this, the fees are as low as they could negotiate them to. (someone else who's building a similar product said the same in another thread, saying they're likely taking a loss to gain market share).
Look I don't like the product, but that's the end of that story. I simply won't use it, period. No need for me to hate it, let alone hate it the most, more than e.g. Mt. Gox. This is just silly. Frankly it's a cool product for rich people who want to own wealth in bitcoin, yet use a card that can be used at millions of places around the world and is linked to their bitcoin wealth. They need not own a bank account or fiat money, need not be afraid of a bank seizing their money (Cyprus?) or 300% inflation rates (Argentina?). They can go all bitcoin. And let's be clear, payments are free. You pay a few bucks a month and that's it. I won't use it, but frankly this is a pretty awesome product for some people. And it's one of the first. Nobody called ATMs corporate evil retards when they charge 5% fees, but a debitcard that has 0% fees to make a payment is the worst thing ever? Give me a break.
@_date: 2014-06-14 10:46:39
True, it really depends on the onramp.
But in the eurozone we can do free deposits and purchases of bitcoin at 0.2% fees on Kraken. I've done this tons of times. In fact, I deposited money a few days ago and it arrived within 12 hours in my account for free, and I paid 0.2% fees on some bitcoin I bought.
I expect all exchanges to move to such low-costs at some point. For a long time before regulation, China ran lots of volume through 0% fees. Coinbase has 1% fees, bitstamp depends on the fees for wiring money, but I expect everything to get cheaper and cheaper over time.
@_date: 2014-06-19 20:12:06
I'm a huge fan of Bitpay, love what they're doing and applaud them.
But, I'm also fully cognizant of the fact this is just shred business acumen. Right now, merchant adoption is outpacing user adoption and many merchants have few or even zero bitcoin sales. Bitpay benefits most from users adopting bitcoin en masse. I will bet you it'd much rather double the amount of bitcoin users than to see double the amount of merchant customers at Bitpay right now. They benefit long-term from building a bitcoin ecosystem, having the biggest brand be Bitpay in an ecosystem with zero users is worthless. They understand this, which is why they brand bitcoin so much, why they open-source their bitcore, why they hire Jeff Garzik as a core developer instead of a Bitpay developer, why they're doing presentations on bitcoin etc.
So I don't see these decisions as altruistic ones at all, even though I fully support them.
@_date: 2014-11-10 22:34:39
Wow that's hilarious, so insidious. PMing instead of debating this on a public forum? This subreddit is one of the least censored places I've seen, particularly because part of its userbase is rooted in libertarian thought, so I don't see why you couldn't post this and have people actually respond.
Thanks for posting this, it's a fun insight to have as a bitcoin user for 1 year now. Surely didn't get PMed back then with warnings, I'll add 'automated bitcoin tipping' to my list of conspiracies haha. Where do they get this stuff...
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:17:37
I posted this in your reply in another thread:


No man, that's not correct.
Imagine the price is 100x what it is today, clearly an overpriced GH/S. 
But would it mean free money? No, it would mean that, if say 1 bitcoin buys 100 GH/S, and 100 GH/S generates roughly 1 bitcoin in block rewards over its lifetime, then a 100x overpriced GH/S would buy you just 1 GH/S for 1 bitcoin, which would generate only 0.01 bitcoin.
Combine that with the fact that the long-term price trend of GH/S on cex.io is DOWN, it means that you can only resell your GH/S for less than you bought it.
The more overpriced a GH/S is, the more you lose. Virtually everybody is losing money on cex.io because they buy without running the numbers. There are many posts about this where people earn less than they paid. I've done the numbers myself and it's a negative investment. 
If you're mining for the community, don't mine at cex.io/ghash. If you're selfish looking to profit, don't fucking buy cex.io because it loses you money.
Run the numbers yourself people, it's a negative investment plan and simple. And that makes sense. If I buy a $10 mining rig and make $15 off of it, I'm not gonna fucking rent it out for $14 and miss out on $1 of profit. I'll rent it out for no less than $15, say $16... but it only makes $15 of profit, so you lose money. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:06:45
That's absolutely a factor. I think it's safe to say that Doge tips more, but it's not as big a difference as people think.
As for how big a factor the 0.25 vs 1 year is, not a 4x difference. Bitcoin really took off in the last 3 months, Doge is perhaps the biggest testament to that fact.  Probably more than half of the BTC tips were done in the past three months, perhaps much more.
@_date: 2014-08-04 12:44:47
At the least it gives you a reason to believe your other tool (bitaddress) isn't creating mismatched key/address pairs without checking the code. The only issue left is to trust it'll do the same on your second (or eventual final) try that you keep cold :P I don't really think there is a way without checking the code yourself in short.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:30:27
Great question! I suggest checking out this video:
It talks briefly, particular at the end, about security at online exchanges. I'll note a few interesting things for you to think about.
* 1) You can minimize your risk exposure to near-zero by withdrawing immediately after trading, today. Want to sell Bitcoin? Deposit it, sell it, withdraw fiat. In the long run, most bitcoin holders will not be investors, they will be users. (if this is not the case, bitcoin will fail, making exchange security irrelevant). Those regular users do not need to day-trade, and thus do not necessarily need to hold any funds at any exchange.
* 2) Regular users are getting more liquidity channels. Usually this involves a front-end which is connected to an exchange. Coinbase for example is very secure, but it's not an exchange. It buys it coins at exchanges and offers them to users. 
ATMs are not exchanges, but they buy their coins from exchanges. Earlier this week the first South-Korean ATM launched which was *two-way*, that is, you can use it both to buy and sell bitcoin. ATM fees are high but will drop, it's quite a competitive space. 
ZipZap famously launched by allowing users to buy bitcoin at 28.000 UK stores. It's a simple concept. You order bitcoin online, go to the store and pick it up by sending it into your own wallet directly after paying. No third party trust is required. We'll see more of this. Remember, logistically, it's easier to sell bitcoin in a store than any other good, if a store can sell a pack of gum, it could sell bitcoin too. Stores are the payment processors. Again, it's a front-end connected to a global exchange.
Lastly, where do our dollars come from? Not the ATM, in its origin we get them because we get paid in dollars. In the long-run of course we'll see options to get paid in bitcoin. Blockchain.info is a company that pays all its employees in bitcoin. And BitPay has an API allowing companies to easily allow its employees to e.g. configure 10% of their wages to be paid out in bitcoin at no additional cost to the employer or employee.
* 3) Exchanges will remain important, but will likely trade bitcoin not between individuals, but between intermediaries more and more.  This makes it much easier to obtain bitcoin, yet keeps a more or less global price.
* 4) Most importantly, exchanges have a lot of work to do in terms of security, and they're committed to this. It's in their interest after all, an exchange can't survive without it as there is no bail-out available.
One thing Andreas spoke about today was collective bitcoin pools. So, all coin of e.g. Bitstamp, Coinbase, Mt. Gox and BTCE were in one pool, multisig'd. Each party's coins would liable to the failures of the others. Could Mt. Gox have happened in this pool? It's more likely that Coinbase would have audited Mt. Gox and every member decided to kick Mt. Gox out or get it to improve. Self-Regulation in that sense is very important and can be very powerful. As users, we could choose not to do any business with parties who are not in a pool. This is an incentive for a business to join a pool and subject itself to the policing of its members.
* 5) There are many (cryptographic) audits available that are not being done. For example, you can cryptographically do proof-of-solvency. That is, you can sign your funds or transfer them, thereby proving ownership of 100% of the funds. You can do a merkle tree of the funds, allowing every user to individually verify if his funds are on the blockchain. You can multi-sig wallets so that funds can only be moved from cold storage if e.g. 75% of all executive employees of a company sign the transaction, preventing individual employees from theft of cold storage funds. There would have to be audits of business processes, security policies, employee audits, regulatory compliance audits, fiat audits etc. Auditing and governance are two key areas that are still very weak in most bitcoin companies which both can go a very long way, especially if as much of these audits are cryptographical in nature.
* 6) We *will* see on-blockchain exchanges. This is essentially a peer-to-peer exchange, which means the exchange only facilitates/connects the trade and holds fiat in temporary escrow. If you buy bitcoin, it's an actual bitcoin transaction on the blockchain from one user to you, or vice versa. The limits are that you need to wait 10 minutes for confirmation of the transaction as any normal bitcoin transaction. But that's a timespan in which price volatility will not be a problem except for hardcore individual/institutional day-traders who, through their profits, can bear the risk of using an off-the-chain exchange. 
* 7) We'll probably see bitcoin insurance services and such arise pretty soon. Getting insurance on funds at audited companies will have lower rates, again incentivizing users to choose the right companies, which incentivizes companies to choose the right policies. Over time stuff like this will develop into a playingfield that is much more robust than the leftovers of a magic the gathering online exchange.
As a final thought, check out some company's security practices. e.g. 
They're pretty impressive compared to Mt. Gox, which is an outlier. They were unaudited, had only hot, not cold storage, had legal/financial/technical problems constantly, had horrible security and optimization implementations, had no protection from direct server DoS attacks. In short, it's a joke. It just cannot be used as a typical industry-example going forward because it did things so radically different from everyone else. While I don't encourage anyone to hold their funds at a third party, and while it's not necessary either, I don't feel strong distrust in all third parties going forward because of Mt. Gox.
Hope that helps.
@_date: 2014-07-21 11:56:53
This is quite true. Traditional banking is mostly (far from completely, but mostly) safe because banking is essentially a network of trusted partners. 
So when a hacker steals credentials from X and wires the money somewhere, chances are he can only wire money to another account with his identity making him vulnerable, and secondly the chances are the transfer can be reversed.
In bitcoin, because there's no need to provide identity when generating a private key, nor can transactions be reversible, the safety requirements are much higher.
I've got full confidence we can overcome these issues, but it's not easy.
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:30:54
Nice :)
@_date: 2014-12-12 16:27:23
Wait, what? Newegg likes bitcoin so much they actually went and advertised Microsoft with a short manual on how to spend bitcoin at MS on their own blog? When they actually sell similar stuff like Xbox games?
They did spell Marc Andreessen wrong though, but hey they're probably not the first :p
@_date: 2014-09-15 14:21:02


Last I heard about 50% of their buys/sells are settled internally like an exchange. But officially they're a broker who indeed interface with actual exchanges.


Likely not every transaction, but it's probably quite frequent, as every exchange has an API so you can write some software to programmatically buy or sell bitcoin on their exchange accounts. There is no flat fee, it's all percentage based, so there's no extra cost to making instant conversions, and as it reduces their risk, they probably are high frequency traders that will settle a trade quite quickly, perhaps batched with other trades the past 1 or 5 minutes, but I doubt they wait hours to settle as it's not a manual process.
@_date: 2014-04-13 02:06:54
Yep, in percentage it's not much, but 0.2% is more than many bitcoin exchanges that offer 0.1% or even 0% of fees on volume. It can end up being quite a bit in absolute terms. Perhaps a better way to look at it is that because banks process many thousands of international transactions a year, they get e.g. a 5% rate on some certain amount of cash that they're always sitting on throughout the year. It's not a gigantic amount, but they'll rather sit on it than move that money to another bank straight away.
@_date: 2014-05-06 15:15:08
That's not really true. For example you can't use a bank-app or Paypal-app to make inapp purchases. It's easy to block bitcoin from doing those things, yet accept bitcoin wallets to allow payments for e.g. a coffee, or ecommerce etc, just like Paypal or your bank app can.
So the inapp purchase thing is a no-brainer. That's a big part of their business and they built a fucking huge platform to allow this. That's fine, can't expect them to make no money on this. But outside of inapp purchases there's no excuse.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:27:43
Yeah for solar panels it's useful but as I said, you can send bitcoin anywhere as you know. Imagine you could charge your calculator instantly anywhere in the world with energy. That's what bitcoin can do financially for your devices. So why mine on a device? You either store money on the device, or in your wallet.
@_date: 2014-10-09 17:26:44
Agreed, didn't think that was the very best answer.
A good answer I think stresses these points:
* various law enforcement agencies have looked at bitcoin and said its use in crime is tiny and that there is no known organized crime at all using bitcoin.
* various academic papers from top universities have looked into the ability for authorities with adequate resources to pinpoint identities behind transactions and have been fairly succesful
* bitcoin like email is not anonymous. If you create an email address called 'collegeboy80 and email about Canadian nature with other nature enthusiasts, you've got privacy. If you use that email to send in a bomb threat, like bitcoin, there are ways to find out the identity behind that email. Which is why law enforcement loves email. And which is why it's not in the interest of organized crime to participate in a permanent public ledger that records their illicit activity for everyone to see, as it can incriminate them.
Then you can talk about 'utility', but only after stating bitcoin is not a great place for organized crime, but I'll explain why you may not.
* Ordinary citizens and businesses use the internet, use a telephone, use cars. They have huge utility, and of course that utility extends to crime. But it makes no sense to ban cars, the internet or telephone, or stifle its innovation and impact with regulation, because we'd be throwing out the baby with the bathwater, destroying jobs and diminishing our standard of living at the tyranny of fear for 'what if criminals use a car as a getaway car, what if criminals plot a heist using a phone'.
Again, as eleuthria mentioned, the problem is this opens up space for a regulator to say 'we're not looking to ban bitcoin, but we have identity plates on cars, your internet connection is registered with an ISP to you and your residence. We want the same identifiers for bitcoin wallets as part of our regulation'. That's the problem. 
Other points you can raise is that fiat is the currency of choice for all of crime, and that despite anyone's wishes, bitcoin, like any math theorem (like the Pythagorean triangle), is an idea that can't be uninvented. But if it's regulated to death, we will see a new blockchain technology that will upend it, one that was built with anonimity in mind. The torrent to filesharing or the advent of browser-integrated tor, for which it'll be impossible to even organize a regulatory hearing as at some point these technologies become technically impossible to regulate.
I think we really have to be lucky that a bunch of 60 year old technophones talking about something deeply technically philosophical are so open minded. I'd have thought the following sentiment to be much more likely: 'sure, you can have a car, but you need a driver's license and identifying plates on it. It hasn't stopped the car from being popular, so why complain when bitcoin has the same standard. After all, protect the children, national security yadadada'.
I think it has a lot to do with the groundwork that was done. People may not like to admit it, but the blockchain foundation and centralized companies like Circle are going out there and telling regulators 'this is going to create a buttload of jobs, innovation and wealth.' And who doesn't want to hear that coming out of a recession where the word 'jobs' is usually preceded in popular discussion by 'offshored'. I really believe a lot of these regulators are going in to these hearings in a gullible manner because of the hype. Which is really impressive considering bitcoin is extremely nascent.
Oh by the way, can someone go to the Cavirtex office and take a huge dump on the CEO's desk? Haha. I'm kidding of course, but did anyone pick up that bit about them in these hearings? Man. 
@_date: 2014-10-30 22:56:47
It's like you can flip pages in a book faster than any other athlete in the world because you trained specifically for this and built a special device for your thumb to speed it up even more. You're better than anyone by a large margin, you then call that a sport and call yourself the world's greatest athlete.
That's pretty similar.
Computing involved in mining is like flipping pages. Anyone can flip pages, but bitcoin mining machines can do it really fast because it's built to do just that. Meanwhile, supercomputers that actually compute data that's useful can't hash very fast, as hashing is pretty useless (the world only needs a few billion hashes per year, not per millisecond). That doesn't mean their computing power is weaker, as conversely all these miners couldn't do shit when say trying to compute climate data, or simulate a human brain for a second, or analyze cancer growth.
Bitcoin is really cool but the hashing is meant to be useless. It's meant to be useless because that's how you can make it truly random and thereby unpredictable. And that's what prevents anyone from rigging the mining process, the only way to mine is by spending energy and thereby money, which is what creates the incentive systems to earn money in bitcoin, which incentivizes honesty.
So that's cool, but it also means the whole hashpower crap is 100% irrelevant. What matters is the cost of hashpower, and that's a competitive game linked to miner rewards. None of the comparisons to other types of computing are relevant to the question of security of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:05:49
Yes, payment processing is fine in Europe. (In fact it's so good, bitcoin isn't actually all that interesting for payments. e.g. in my country Merchants pay 40 cents or so per purchase, no percentage fees and no chargebacks on most online payments. Most in-store payments are done with very low-fee debit cards that everyone has and keeps growing or cash)
But there's plenty of bitcoin payment processing available. In particular Bitpay which has a European headquarters. (in my city no less :)!)
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:26:42
Probably the same type of people that deliver terabytes of games, movies, music data each day for fun and for free.
Beyond that (individual enthusiasts like we see in the torrent ecosystem) I think we'll see things like businesses (e.g. google, a bank, coinbase, blockchain.info etc) and research universities (e.g. MIT) will all host multiple distributed copies of the blockchain and offer their own APIs to query them, and relay transactions. I'm talking the entirety of the blockchain.
And then beyond that, you and me will have tiny pieces of the blockchain. A big part of this has to do with pruning.
Basically, if I have a dollar and I give it to you 10 times, and you give a dollar to me 5 times, we could say that I gave you 5 dollars. We now know you have 5 dollars and I have 5 dollars where before I had 10 dollars and you had no dollars. That's 20 transactions worth of useless data, which can be consolidated into one 'final state'. Each of those individual transactions used to be useful data, but old transactions become unimportant like that over time as a way to calculate who owns how much. We could easily take those 20 transactions and replace them with 1 transaction saying I gave you 5 dollars. We lose our history (of course any individual can simply store their own financial payment logs, I'm talking about collective history here) yet we do not lose track of who has how many bitcoins. It's technically a bit more complex due to transactions being chained inputs, but it essentially means that for security, we don't need to keep 100% of the blockchain. We'll save 100% of the blockchain for posterity (say for the interest of research universities) but it's not necessary in practice.
It's a bit like asking who owned the dollar in your pocket 15 years ago. It doesn't matter, as long as at one point each transaction that took that dollar closer to your pocket was verified, you can ignore all those old transactions.
Lastly, blockchain data growing isn't the biggest problem in the world. Our networks, storage and CPU transistor density all grow at roughly 50% per year. Now obviously our population growth or daily payments-per-capita won't grow indefinitely at anywhere near 50%, so I think we have a very good chance of seeing our technology keep pace with the increase in requirements (e.g. storage) of the bitcoin network.
**In short**, we'll see enthusiast individuals, businesses, banks and universities keep full blockchains for posterity, research and completeness. We'll see ordinary folks keep 'lightweight' chunks of the blockchain. The blockchain will grow, but so will out ability to store, transmit and process larger amounts of data at lower costs. 
And finally, we may see decentralized autonomous organisations provide software as a service blockchain hosting some day, enabled by bitcoin of course.
@_date: 2014-10-15 10:21:06
Cool, nice. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:50:20
That was awesome!
It's obviously not a tip. Just because you transact money through a system built and commonly used for tipping doesn't make it a tip, it was a donation. In retrospect, 'single biggest tip' is a pretty irrelevant thing anyway. Average tip is much more important, but perhaps more importantly number of tips regardless of amount, which is where Doge really shines.
In terms of largest donations, iirc it was Roger Ver, a million dollar equivalent in bitcoin to economic education.
@_date: 2014-10-06 14:30:15


Indeed, as the saying goes 'Markets can remain irrational longer than you can stay solvent' or something to that effect.
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:07:42
It's gone forever.
It'll arrive in that address. Only, nobody knows the private key to that address. As such they can never 'unlock' the bitcoins in that address, thus the bitcoins will sit in that place forever and nobody can use them.
It's like having a vault and putting $10 in, and then locking the vault with a random password nobody knows and then throwing away the password. Everyone can see the money sitting in the vault but nobody knows the password.
@_date: 2014-07-25 17:53:17
Then don't bet. 
Especially not when it's not your money on the line, but any reputation of intelligence that he might have on financial matters, when presented with an idiotic bet.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:26:49
You're welcome bud. Please check out for a tiny bit more info: 
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:04:27
Probably for different timezones and probably an extra one for the weekend, as they tend to publish much less during the weekend, yet the weekend might see above-average readership. You can see each individual tweet gets pretty similar amount of retweets/favorites, they're actually causing new readers, not just annoyance.
I can hardly blame them, it's pretty common, but I can see how it gets annoying. I personally don't use twitter that much because there's so much noise. Coindesk does about 24 messages every day, with price-ticker posts every 8 hours or so. If you follow 10 such accounts, you're filtering through a few hundred posts every day, it's ridiculous. And most people tend to want to follow much more than 10 accounts.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:04:49
I think you raise some fair points and while I could provide some context why some points aren't as strong as you may think (e.g. noone losing bank deposit money during the crisis) I'd rather offer a different perspective on Bitcoin moving forward.
That perspective is that the userbase of exchanges is shifting away from ordinary users and to institutional investors.
More than 10 different Bitcoin ATMs are in development and a few hundred bitcoin ATMs will be installed worldwide this month alone. In a year from now, it's likely every major city will have a bitcoin ATM for a start. There is also an emergence of services like ZipZap that allows you to buy bitcoin as if you're buying a pack of gum in any cornerstore.
A very large portion of ordinary users simply wants to obtain Bitcoin for small-time investments (&lt;10k), for use or for experimentation. A Forex-like exchange is simply unnecessarily complex (KYC/AML, user verification, depositing via a bank etc). Obtaining such small amounts of money will happen more and more through physical spaces, ATMs, brick &amp; mortar stores and at one point, simply by getting paid in bitcoin by your employer. (the APIs are being fieldtested as we speak)
At the same time, SecondMarket introduces exchanges exclusive to institutional investors.
I think this is a great shift. We'll see less dependency on the few exchanges that have found a small legal spot and a banking partner to allow them to continue their business for the time being. The type of transparency and accountability (specifically, the lack thereof) of exchanges like btce and bitstamp is worrying. It's great to see massive competition from ATMs and services like zip zap for their key service: facilitating bitcoin trade.
Besides this, I'm expecting to see best practices shaping. Core developer Mike Hearn has written eloquently in the past about effective self-regulation in decentralized systems (like Tor) and I expect, accelerated by the Mt. Gox fiasco, for this to arrive soon. Adreas has already been requested to provide independent audits of various parties and we're seeing the community demand more transparancy, verification of customer funds on the blockchain, descriptions of cold wallet solutions and legal compliance measures. It's still small, it's hard to speak with one powerful voice in a decentralized community, but it's growing. I also think continuing regulatory pressure / threat is absolutely incentivizing companies to self-regulate as well.
To finalize, I think one of the interesting paradigm shifts is the lack of 'derisking' of the economy. The idea of socializing risk/expenses is one that appeals to me very much in some respects. It can protect the weak. But at the end of the day, socializing risk doesn't derisk anything. What it does do is put the burden on everyone, even when a small minority accept/create the risks and only they benefit from potential profits until shit hits the fan. If anything, Bitcoin brings back individual financial responsibility, and does not overly expose one to paying for someone else's risks. I like that, too. And as there is no 'bailout' of any kind, we're seeing 'digital darwinism'. Mt. Gox dies, the community demands better, and it is ultimately replaced by more competent exchange that learns from Mt. Gox's flaws. That's the story, at least. As early adopters, we must accept an imperfect system, some have lost greatly while others saw their bitcoin rise by 75k% over the years. That's being an early adopter in an unregulated currency. 
In short, over time I think these issues become less common as users can buy bitcoin in an ATM, as institutional investors build solid institutional exchanges, as the community self-regulates and as the nature of bitcoin's digital darwinism spawns more competent products and services. There's a lot of these things on the horizon, starting with better wallets being tackled next by the core dev team.
Thanks again for writing.
@_date: 2014-07-14 21:51:42
Haha great questions. The first one I'd say within 5 years. We're seeing ultra-cheap space launches of small packages becoming available on relatively small budgets. i.e. it's cheaper to send a few small satellites into space than building a tape-out for a 16nm ASIC :p And that cost is rapidly going down as space business is privatized (e.g. SpaceX) and offered commercially.
The second one... well, let's just say to me, the odds of coming across a sign of life, given the size of the universe, is as likely as generating two of the same private keys (p = 1 / 2^256). Particularly as there's no particular reason to broadcast the blockchain many lightyears away intentionally.
I wouldn't say block chain tech would be inevitable either. In fact, one can make the case that species could evolve that have no ego like ants, or no sense of mistrust or greed. In such a world, there'd be no use for security, for locks, for a blockchain. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:43:52
@_date: 2014-05-27 13:32:08
CAUSE THIS IS THRIIIILLEEEEEEEERRRRR!!
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:39:54
Yes because this is a thread about a survey of how people run their bitcoin wallets on their personal windows / linux / os x servers... Oh wait, no, this thread talks about wallets installed on our desktops or laptops.
I mean if you want to get off-topic we can say that most malware on mobile devices is actually on Android, a linux based system. Look, Linux is great, but let's not argue for arguments sake. Clearly he was speaking about the well known low usage of Linux for personal computers.
@_date: 2014-06-26 23:21:38
The exchange prices already have in a way, there's down from a few weeks ago. They already adjusted. 
I'm not saying the price difference itself creates a rally. But once the market knows no further bitcoin will be sold or dumped, we can continue buying. The past few days buying big wasn't a great plan, but in a week from now it will be.
Other than that, I think the price has been done quite a bit for no very specific reasons, despite some awesome news. Just look at Coinbase's output the past month: Dish, Reeds, Expedia, automatic buy-back, bitcoin merchant discount option, new mobile site, introducing bits, treehouse etc etc. 
That's multiple billion-dollar companies, a multinational with hotels in more than 100 countries, a franchise with 60+ stores, and multiple very important functions (buy back, bitcoin discounts, better website, more powerful way of displaying bitcoin in bits).
And that's just one company. And the price hasn't moved. Of course that creates ripples and all those events will consolidate into the price in the next 6 months. That's why I expect a rally. Especially to coincide with a number of conferences (e.g. coinsummit next month), more VC capital, BitPay doing what Coinbase did (add a few billion-dollar companies), and a possible ETF in Q4 this year by SecondMarket.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:08:21
This. Look, a retail consumer router with a chip in it in a random household will never mine more efficiently than an efficiency-optimized, industry grade, professional mining rig connected to cheap industrial electricity in an optimized (e.g. Iceland) location at scale.
Now knowing that the nature of mining is like a lottery, where you can't increase the prize pot, but you can buy more tickets, what will happen? The guy who can buy tickets the cheapest (efficient hardware with cheap electricity) will buy more tickets. And that will push the revenue of the rest (consumer hardware with relatively expensive electricity) down. Seeing as it's a zero sum game, and one makes more than average, one makes more than the cost (of electricity) and the other less.
Which makes this whole embedded mining chip stuff really stupid. I hope they can surprise me, ton of cash and a top team, they must know more.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:56:03
Obviously there is a difference between low-opportunity individuals without parents, income or shelter, who sniff glue all day and take crack, versus a working professional who takes some pot twice a month to relax and is supplied by a registered dealer who gets quality controlled by the state.
i.e. no different from the role of regular medicine, or recreational alcohol. All of them, if abused, have negative externalities. And that abuse did exist and was facilitated by the SR, like the one kid who overdosed on heroin and whose parents testified against Ross. You may argue SR doesn't bear responsibility, that's fine, but you can't argue the problems aren't there. And if the problems do exist, one ought to think about how to best tackle them.
And a silk road is not the best way to tackle that problem. It's far less preferable to the system we have here in the Netherlands where softdrugs are a legal part of life, generate tax revenues which are spent on education, work programmes, quality inspections, research, non-profit anti-addiction programmes etc. The silk road challenges some of the problems (stuff like getting stabbed as a dealer or by a dealer) but is not a comprehensive solution.
The SR has its place I think, especially in oppressive societies concerning drugs (US being a prime example sadly). But it's not the perfect solution people make it out to be. Regardless, it appears Ross did some fucked up shit beyond providing a platform for drug sales for which some punishment is warranted. If you accept the evidence, then the judge's statement that Ross commissioned five murders to protect his enterprise, is not something you let off with a slap on the wrist. But it's a sad affair really, I'd have preferred to see him get 5-10 years at most, life is just completely disproportional. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 11:12:00
Yup, like me. I really don't give a shit if gmail reads my email with a computer algorithm and shows me targetted ads for example.
@_date: 2014-07-30 09:09:48
@_date: 2014-06-30 12:27:40
Whenever someone drafts an API that includes credit, paypal, amazon, bitcoin, vouchers etc... do we have to shout it from the top of the roof?
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:44:19
I think only vice versa, in that one address has multiple private key requirements (multi-sig). But please don't take my word for it :)
@_date: 2014-08-10 10:06:50
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:28:48
I got that bud :)
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:13:40
Please have $1 @_date: 2014-07-14 12:40:50
A transaction only system is just that... a network of transactions. And that's the only thing currency is good for. The utility of a currency network is being able to move value. So to me, to pay for the utility of moving value is a fair economic model.
As for storage of value, that's out of the question generally. If I had a bitcoin on address X, you couldn't move it to another address even if you had all the hashpower in the world, you still couldn't get my private key, and without that, there's no way of moving that coin. So that's why those who hold bitcoin shouldn't pay for hashing, because it doesn't really give them much extra security. The security is mostly for transactions, so it makes sense to pay for a transaction.
Please elaborate on why you still think this is a problem as I think I'm misunderstanding your point with your last question.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:06:55
Yeah google and visa and paypal lobbied for these wars. lol Give me a break. Soon you can't start any company anymore right? I guess snapchat has to fear Mark Zuckerberg, he might soon just drop a billion on a private army to bomb their little startup office haha.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:11:41
There's a difference between reviving a crap exchange or selling its assets because it's worth something between 0 and 0.5 billion dollars. Mt. Gox can sell its brand, it can sell its technology, I have no problem with that, even if I think they're shit. If someone is willing to pay, so be it.
What I don't think is a good idea is if Karp retains ownership, stays on the board or as an employee in this exchange. 
If he wants to use his own money to invest in something else, that's fine, to the extent he won't be held accountable for gross incompetence. But I doubt he'll be made an employee or board member for the very same reasons why Mt. Gox won't be revived.
History is not destined to repeat itself (other than in a theoretical way when concerning the concept of infinity and possible infinite universes). Just like we don't have  Things change, things improve. We actually have a set of very good ways to know if an exchange is going to fail, if that exchange is transparent. They can for example, prove ownership of funds by signing it, it takes 1 second and has 0 risk. They can for example, allow for each individual user to verify if they have funds on the blockchain, without anyone knowing about anyone elses' funds. They can for example allow independent audits showing how secure their cold storage is. (e.g. Andreas' audit of Coinbase last week). They can implement, communicate and allow independent parties to verify measures like these  The very same reasons why every other major internet-based exchange (e.g. Forex) or any internet-based company can get by just fine is the same reason bitcoin exchanges can and do, if properly ran.
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:29:04
Danny stated he ran out of liquidity, left the country to look for investors, barely communicated anything, then his daughter was apparently threatened, then he decided to step down as CEO and not come back. 
Employees said they were left unpaid for March. The office is closed and two customers say they bought tens of thousands worth of bitcoin but weren't given the coins.
@_date: 2014-04-16 23:52:14
It is good news, just not as good as an exchange. High-value brokerage service for unaccredited parties through a credible US-based counterparty, that's good news. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:48:24
The quick question is, does Bitpay reach more people if it announces it has something important to say and prompt people to watch and listen closely, rather than announce it out of the blue? The answer is obviously yes. Not by a huge margin, but the answer is yes. And that's why they do it.
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:04:53
I very much respect the Doge community and I do think in many ways it is a shining example. But I don't think this image takes anything away from the Bitcoin community.
Let's be fair: The average Bitcoin tip is 30x the average Doge tip. The biggest Bitcoin tip is 8x the biggest Doge tip. Bitcoin tipped and roughly the same amount of USD was tipped. 
Also, I have been tipped in things other than bitcointip myself. And I do think Doge'rs tip more because it's more like 'monopoly money'. Not that Doge doesn't have value, it does, but it's less liquid, fewer easy exchanges and merchants. It's far easier to tip a Doge you got tipped yourself than to actually spend it compared to Bitcoin. So while $3 of doge has $3 value, the hassle of using it outside few use cases like Reddit tipping is not worth $3, might as well tip it.
In any case, again, Doge is a great example and I respect them a lot.
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:49:39
Agreed, it's silly. I never mock Paypal, I use it all the time. 
Paypal is actually cheaper than Stripe. They have the same base fee, but Paypal discounts at higher volumes. 
Stripe on the other hand is simple. It has no weird fee structure. It doesn't divert the user to Paypal at the point of sale, it keeps the user on the merchant website. (important). And it has much better, straightforward APIs than Paypal. Which makes things like bitcoin integration possible.
Other than this, it's pretty much competition. Paypal, like Apple, has a lot to gain from the status quo, from putting up walls. Stripe and Square live closer to bitcoin company's realities: you benefit more from partnerships than from trying to compete at this point.
@_date: 2014-07-13 17:35:34
It is a wallet. It might not work very well, but then that should be fixed. They intended and designed their product to be a wallet.
@_date: 2014-09-09 13:44:42
Even if it's still the beginning of mainstream integration through a subsidiary and all, Paypal literally just said 'our bitcoin integration enables a more seamless and secure payment experience'. That's huge.
But it's funny how underwhelmed I am by this news. We've come so far and talked about this moment so much that it's not a surprise it happened. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 06:05:08
Well she funded her college through Miss America. Which is pretty cool, sort of, to be honest it seems ridiculous to me, but apparently they're the biggest provider of female scholarships in the world so it's hard to hate on too much, although I'll never fully understand it or appreciate it as a European haha.
Given that and the type of pictures that end up on the internet, you'll probably have this type of discussion as part of your public persona until your late thirties...
As for her comments, I mostly agree although I'd love to see some stronger talking points. The biggest focus can't be 'can't hold profits in bitcoin', that, in all honesty, is relatively low on my list of concerns. I'd also love to see more transparent interaction at the moment, which companies are backing her lobbying, which users does she represent? I think she's voicing what people do actually think, but it holds no power until she has the research to back that up and say '90% of users have asked for X Y and Z'. I'd like to see more direct endorsements, the needed research and at least 3-5 really strong talking points hashed out.
@_date: 2014-12-28 13:29:46
@_date: 2014-10-08 23:52:49
see my comment:
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:39:02
I have no clue what you just said... The blockchain isn't on the internet, it's on people's harddrives. It's transmitted through the internet, but indeed could be transmitted through radio waves, too, but that doesn't make it any more secure.
Bitcoin security isn't really the point, that's fine. Nobody is forging bitcoins or whatever. No problem there. The issue is that 'having bitcoins' really means 'holding a private key which is associated with an address on the blockchain that holds bitcoins'. And so the private key must be stored somewhere, and as people's individual computers and phones and laptops aren't 100% secure, it's not safe to store private keys. That's an issue because a mainstream user has difficulty storing data safely, and most ideas to help a user with security involves taking their private key, and that's against the decentralized spirit of bitcoin where everyone has their own financial autonomy free from any third party. Multi-sig is a solution but it's not elegant enough for mainstream use yet.
@_date: 2014-08-04 14:50:57
Reputable bitcoin lawyer in new york. I'd reach out to him for comments and perhaps hire him if necessary. 
The skyhook may be a bit of a different beast. It's basically a small vending machine. Not the type of thing that can launder thousands of dollars in any substantial manner. But what the law says on that, it's tricky. NYC is actively working on creating legislation but it's not complete yet.
@_date: 2014-06-24 13:35:35
Coinbase isn't going away in the next 30 days. So spend every day or every few days making a new wallet and put a dollar or so in each. Play around with it and see if you run into any issues.
When you're comfortable, I suggest:
A clean install of Tails OS. This is an anonymous operating system you can install on e.g. a USB drive. It does not use the harddrive at all, meaning you could pretty much use it on any computer and not leave a trace. Using it on your home computer is extremely safe. 
Also load up the USB drive with a copy of  It's extremely safe, very thoroughly reviewed by many over the years and liked by many bitcoiners like Andreas. Just make sure you've got the right one. Get it from the github, then check the pgp keys/hash (whatever it uses) against the github, the website and the bitcointalk forum where the keys are posted. Of course it's open-source so you can review the code, too, as many have.
Then fire up the OS, turn off the internet (disable wifi card in system settings, disconnect ethernet, turn of the router if you want) and open the bitaddress file in the browser and create a private key.
Then print it out. Then laminate it with a plastic sticky coating. This costs like 5 cents per sheet. Make a few copies, then distribute them in trusted places like a safety deposit box in your bank.
Two additional things I did. 1 I used diceware to create a brain wallet that is unique with over 100 bits of entropy. Check out how here: 
Basically you can throw dice which are truly random. Then you can turn that into a passphrase (which means you can both remember it in your brain, although not recommended, or just write it down in a form that's a lot easier to do than writing down a private key.) You can use this as your brain wallet seed in bitaddress.
The other thing I did was take the paper wallet image on my computer and not just print it, but also encrypt it with ccrypt. You can use any encryption you want, but ccrypt is a great one. If your files are encrypted properly then you could literally put them on reddit, facebook, or show the data in a superbowl commercial and still be safe. This means I can now keep this file and put it in my email or dropbox, as long as I remember the password I'm able to access my money from anywhere in the world with an internet connection if necessary.
This is extremely secure cold storage. Keep the paper wallets safe, use proper encryption, never use the private keys and when you do, 100% sweep the funds and put them into a different cold-storage address.
Do a lot of testing and experimenting with $0.10 amounts and then make the leap. Cold storage is a lot easier to set up than people think. The problem is it's really for savings only, as in if it takes 30 minutes to set up cold storage, you don't want to have to do that every week. But for savings accounts, cold storage isn't that hard really.
As for spending wallets... I'd use a hot wallet like mycelium. blockchain or coinbase on an unrooted/unjailbroken phone with say $100. And then print out 10x $100 paper cold-storage wallets (similar to above) with QR codes that one can scan and sweep, for example. That's quite safe. 
@_date: 2014-08-14 09:21:09
Who cares if it works :p lets not forget the first iphones apps were pretty much all webapps, it was basically a firefox phone haha. Wrapped apps can get very near native speeds nowadays. And you can access the camera etc all the same, makes multiplatform dev so much faster.
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:54:29
Indeed. Although 1) is still some time off, for example this year it's 11.11%, next year still 10%. Contrast it to dollar 20-year average of 2.45%. It'll take another 7 years for money supply growth to drop below dollar/euro inflation. Fortunately 2) is quite strong to compensate.
@_date: 2014-06-13 11:01:49
Although that's true for gold, too. Every year, about $15 trillion of gold is traded, let's say 16. And in total there's $8 trillion gold above-ground on the planet. In other words, every piece of gold on average is traded twice over in a given year.
Now look at bitcoin. Market cap of $8b, everyday there's about 50m volume (today 85m, but also 40m a few weeks ago) That's roughly 2x the market cap per year.
In other words, bitcoin is about as liquid as gold, only because bitcoin is still small, we say liquidity is low (in absolute terms). But it's traded on a relative basis as much as asset classes like gold. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:42:46
This is 99% fake. Put your email in that form and expect spam to hit you the next day.
@_date: 2014-10-07 20:12:03
None, see my comment below.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:20:41
To add to my other post:
Q. Do we need to be licensed and bonded in all 50 states?
A. You are only required to be licensed and bonded in the states where your customers reside.  With that being said, the business of a Cryptocurrency exchanger or administrator is primarily transacted online where customers access the business from all over the world. Unless you can prove that you don’t have customers in a given state, you will be required to be licensed in all 50 states and bonded in the 48 states that currently require a bond. (47 states plus Washington D.C.)
I don't think anyone has ever done this before and it's quite probable CoinMKT may run into problems over this, as well as Atlas (which I'd assume are professional and aware of this requirement, yet don't mention such compliance either).
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:18:03
Always contact the payment processor for payment issues. They even told you this.
In this case, Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-05-17 01:09:24
You still don't understand that nobody is going to invest $101m to safeguard $100m. It's not sustainable. 


If you think Coinbase, Bitpay, Circle or any exchange is going to start mining to secure their bitcoin even if there are no transactions to create mining rewards, just to secure a system which is constantly eating away value because holders have to pay for security (as opposed to users paying for usage, i.e. tx fees), I think you're fooling yourself.
In other words, if mining rewards go down, fees per tx or the amount of tx (or a combination of both) has to step in to fill most of that gap to keep the same network security. This isn't even debated, everyone is saying this... Don't think holders of bitcoin are going to pay significant money to mine bitcoin if there are no rewards at all, just to secure their own holdings. They'd rather take their holdings and move out to a different system. According to your theory we never need any tx fees, in fact we never even need any block rewards after initial distribution, everyone just mines to secure their existing holdings... it doesn't work.
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:26:28
Awesome, thank you! I've been eagerly awaiting this!! I pretty much listen to every big conference presentation while playing pro evolution soccer haha. Great way to relax and learn.
Was impressed by your talk a few weeks ago at the festival of media, by the way :) Thanks for all your work.
@_date: 2014-04-08 11:11:38
lol, what? People shake when making a transaction... they absolutely drip in sweat? Are you sure this isn't hyperbolic? :p I mean, what kind of transactions are we talking about here, a 401k -&gt; Bitcoin or a payoff to release a kidnapped kid?
Anyway, bit disappointed with this AMA. Someone asks 'what can be made easier getting bitcoin' and you say 'well our process and the overall process needs to get easier'... and then of course, as an ATM manufacturer 'I suspect ATMs will drive this innovation'.
You might as well just not answer :-/ 
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:59:02
I didn't quite get the first sentence about diamonds actually if someone cares to explain... But yes, most bitcoins aren't traded in any given day, just like most US dollars sit and chill and do absolutely nothing. If you earn 3k per month, say, and you spend 3k per month, then any given dollar is only doing something once every 30 days. And that's income in checking accounts. There's a ton of other money that barely moves like in savings accounts, in vaults, hell in paypal lol. Professor bitcorn often mentions how few bitcoins are traded in any given day, but that's really true for most things. In the end, I think the velocity of bitcoin money will be much faster than anything else because it's frictionless due to being digital, it can move much faster :) It's an interesting topic, I wasn't really disagreeing with the facts of the comment, but rather a possible implication that was made (that few tokens being traded in a day is a uniquely bad thing about bitcoin)
@_date: 2014-05-06 21:17:26
Apple, perhaps after China, is probably 'popular enemy Nr 1' on this subreddit! :)
By the way, I have 0 credentials, too. But that's why I think it's even more important to present more information to any claims you make. I mean if Paul Krugman says something about economics without explaining the details, I'm prone to think he'll know what he's talking about. But if someone like me said something about bitcoin, I'd only take it seriously with some substance behind it. I read your article though (the ihavebitcoins.com article doesn't report it very well) and I partly agree with some of the reasoning (correlation with tx volume), but I think the predictions are very very bold rather than conservative if you look at all the metrics bitcoin companies are making public. There's perhaps 40% growth in many metrics (like users) in a span of 4 months, not 6x and certainly not 10-20x like your conservative and low-chance scenarios require respectively. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 10:21:21
Yup, pretty much, but it has to be the same wallet software to guarantee it'll work. Some wallet softwares are not compatible with each others wallets.
@_date: 2014-04-15 16:08:29


They state their prices are 20% as a finders' fee, they recovered over 100 btc and you paid them some mBTC? Or in other words, they recovered $50k and you paid them $10 while their prices would state $10k.
And you don't think to provide some blockchain-proof in a subreddit which is full of bs stories?
In any case, congrats on finding your money back, if you did.
@_date: 2014-04-13 22:13:28
This is the scenario I envision in which there is a slight chance to impact fungibility.
Say I buy a bitcoin in early 2013 and hold it in early 2014. Its price just appreciated by 100x (this happened, approximately $10 to $1000) in these 12 months. Now let's hypothetically say the price was $1 and is now $100.
In other words, I have to pay taxes (say 20%) on the $99 bitcoin appreciation, ~$20, but only when I sell the bitcoin.
Now I want to buy sheets at overstock for $100. I can use the bitcoin and then afterwards pay $20 in taxes in Scenario A. As I want to hold onto one bitcoin, I buy another one afterwards.
Or in Scenario B I buy a new bitcoin for $100 and spend that one right away and keep the initial bitcoin. In this scenario I pay no taxes.
In the next 12 months, the price goes down to $1 again. In Scenario A, I then spend my bitcoin to buy a cheap coffee on my way to work. I pay no taxes as my bitcoin lost 99% of its value, no appreciation, no taxes. But in this scenario I've already paid $20 in taxes.
In Scenario B I held on to my initial coin it's worth just as much as 2 years ago, as such I pay no taxes. In this scenario, I've never paid taxes.
Now this is an exaggerated hypothetical situation. But I've demonstrated why, in the case of a possible price drop after an initial price increase, it's better to hold on to your appreciated bitcoin and buy new bitcoins to spend them, rather than to use the initial bitcoin and buy more afterwards. There is a difference in value because one causes $20 of tax burdens and the other 0$, in other words, I'd have been willing to pay up to $20 more to buy a new bitcoin than to spend the initial bitcoin. Of course, this scenario can't be predicted and the actual tax impact will be quite tiny, but the impact is definitely there.
All of this would be irrelevant if the IRS actually doesn't differentiate between bitcoins. As in, if you buy 2 bitcoin somewhere in 2014 for $300 per coin and sometime later in the year 1 bitcoin for $330, the average price is $310 per coin. If you then decide to sell 1 bitcoin somewhere in 2014 for $350 (regardless of whether this bitcoin was one of the first two, or the second purchase of the one bitcoin) you'd have to pay taxes on the $40 average appreciation (350-310). I've seen some VCs talk about the tax burdens in this way, but at this point it's not quite clear yet. But I suspect they will be lenient in this way and go with this simpler approach.
@_date: 2014-11-02 19:25:03
Because we're humans, not robots. And human psychology isn't rational, and we tend to be comfortable doing all kinds of things in indirect ways.
For example my girlfriend uses cardsaving, a system where everytime she uses her debitcard (e.g. to buy groceries or a coffee) 10% of the amount will be saved. So at the end of the month she'll save like $50 or something.
And she likes it. It's useful, she saves quite a chunk of money. And if you were to disable it and tell her she could just wire $50 every month, she wouldn't be bothered to.
This is similar. People can't always be bothered to buy $300 of bitcoin at once. But a lot of people are comfortable with putting their change towards bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:47:36
I hear you, but in this case I really do see bitcoin as a low-level protocol. You can't build a low-level protocol with chargebacks, because chargebacks are something of the 'natural world' in which you have business policies, wholly different legal definitions in different countries or even states etc. You can't do chargebacks on a lower-level.
But it'd be entirely possible for the authority you mention to be build ontop of bitcoin. For example, Coinbase is an entirely centralized service. And that's entirely okay, as long as the underlying infrastructure is decentralized and open and permissionless. Look at the Internet, it's open, decentralized and permissionless and that's extremely important, and it's entirely okay to build centralized businesses like Facebook or Youtube ontop of it. So to go back to Coinbase, you can put your bitcoin with them, they hold 97% of all coins in air-gapped cold storage requiring multiple signatures of encrypted keys held in different bank vaults requiring different people to obtain them (similarly to how nuclear launch codes are stored). Your coins are pretty safe there. And any coins in your hot wallet, you can already secure with 2FA. It'd be entirely possible for Coinbase to do a chargeback service for its customers (out of their own pocket, and put the cost on the entire network) themselves.
The thing with chargebacks though is... I never really 'got it'. It's kind of the opposite burden of risk that you'd want. Think about it, what are the odds of:
Customer pays Amazon with bitcoin through Coinbase, has proof in the blockchain, has proof with Coinbase, but Amazon decides not to ship and intentionally ignore this proof and steal this money, risking their entire business reputation because there is evidence they defrauded a customer, as well as lose this customer for the rest of their lives. (anyone who studied customer lifetime value, a business concept, knows this is a big deal). The company risks losing massive business due to reputation loss, loses a valuable customer and gains a tiny tiny tiny fraction of their annual revenue on this theft.
Or the risk that:
An unknown customer with no reputation to lose in the global marketplace makes a payment, then claims they didn't receive the product (e.g. shipping made a mistake) and charges back the money. This customer has a chance of gaining a substantial amount of value relative to their annual income as a result of this theft and risks no reputation loss.
For me, the chargeback risk always felt the wrong way around. Merchants have much fewer reason to defraud customers than customers defrauding merchants, so why put the power to chargeback and defraud with the customers?
Chargebacks have definitely improved over time, but I still don't think it's a clever concept this day and age, particularly for bitcoin. After all, chargebacks are often used to protect users from identity theft, which is trivial with creditcards. (as every CC transaction effectively has the CC holder giving their public and private key with a note 'please only take x amount for payment, and no more'. With bitcoin, you never reveal or have to reveal any of this information. Target saving your CC information allowing it to be stolen years later is not a problem with bitcoin, as the merchant never holds your private keys. The counterparty risk doesn't exist.)
I fully agree on your Apple statement, but again I think it's important to see bitcoin truly as a protocol. TCP/IP, ipv4, ipv6 or HTTP are all complex systems that are used by Apple in a radically elegant way for example, to power internet-based apps and the web on Apple devices. In other words, a complex, low-level, open and permissionless protocol can have a huge range of different applications built on top of it. For example, there's nothing stopping Apple from building an elegant, secure payment system like Coinbase or Gyft ontop of Bitcoin. (have you tried Gyft yet?). You mentioned 3rd party fees, because it's all digital, it can stay really low. Again, email is free, videomessaging or Voip phone calls like Skype is free, distribution of albums or movies is close to free or free depending how you build it. The various internet protocols have tons of 3rd party applications that are very low-cost, bitcoin does too. (we have 0% and 0.1% fee exchanges, we have Gyft that pays you 2-3% back for using bitcoin to make payments) etc.)
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:27:22


Look I'm happy to have an actual conversation, but if you're completely blind to basic facts I don't think we can have one. Best wishes. No indeed there haven't been any mining scandals in fairy tale world, you're completely right...
@_date: 2014-06-27 22:52:33
Great effort buddy! :D 1 upvote @_date: 2014-06-16 12:05:12
If you can't verify the code, you can't be 100% sure. But piper is regarded as safe by the community. It's also regarded as a bit expensive haha :p You can pretty much do this yourself.  is great for example, and you can print those keys just the same.
Of course the piper is 'cold' so it's a bit more secure, but with a bit of effort you can easily do cold-storage using bitaddress.org, too. Actually I'm pretty sure piper uses bitaddress code, but not 100% sure. 
You can build your own raspberry pi for $50 or so in total (without printer).
Anyway piper is regarded as safe, never seen any bad experiences from anyone, that's not a guarantee though.
@_date: 2014-07-21 11:58:08
This has absolutely nothing to do with anything in this thread. Double spend risk or invalid blocks is not the same risk as theft of private keys.
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:50:09
keep your head up even when the road is hard never give up
Respect to all your work, stay safe, keep us updated and let us know how we can help.
Any interest from county/federal/national media? Nobody wants to be depicted as a bully, especially not politicians...
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:38:45
Ooooh snap lol. Didn't consider that. But looking at how fucked up Okcoin's behaviour is, I'd say it's very unlikely. 
This is kind of how I read it: 
Reading that, I wouldn't give OKCoin the benefit of the doubt.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:28:19
Yup exactly.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:29:53
I absolutely agree, the bitcoin figure is pretty insane. 
But consider this, how many people would believe in Bitcoin if it stayed exactly the same as it is today. If no more merchants, exchanges, payment processors etc would arrive, if no innovation would happen. 
I don't think anyone would hold or use bitcoin. The expectation is that in 5-10 years from now, the best exchange on the planet is not Mt. Gox, it's something much more secure. It's something much more democratic. It'll be a field with much more competition.
Whereas in Fiat, in 10 years from now you'll still see these stories. You'll still see centralized, too big to fail institutions with government backing. You'll still see that individuals have little power over how their funds are used.
Also, while I agree, in the scheme of a global economy, $37 is not much. But for the economy of Scotland with an annual GDP of less than 100 billion pounds at the time of this banking failure, it's very significant.
@_date: 2014-04-04 14:25:04
What kind of nonsense is that?
You can contact them, but I think it's too soon. Whatever you send them I'd draft in the form of 'In future, it would be nice to pay in alternative manners. One is by using Bitcoin. This is how I see this work.' as such that they see the benefits and might check it out for a long-term strategy. As in, helping them develop something a few years down the line. But I wouldn't expect them to service you anytime soon or even pick up on this or consider it anytime soon.
Until then, you may be better off contacting e.g. Bitpay. They're heavy into protocol / api / open source development. I would not be surprised if they'd consider building new functionality for this. 
e.g., you set up a bitcoin address with them as if you were a merchant, hook up your bitcoin wallet, set up a monthly deposit to this address. Then, as a 'merchant' with Bitpay, you set up your bank address to be your mortgage's bank, and instruct Bitpay to add information to every transaction stating your name, bank details and mortgage identification number. Then you contact your bank and inform them of a new payment stream from a company on your behalf. This is probably your best bet.
I would start by communicating this with your mortgage service, without letting them know you own or mine bitcoins, but simply that you've been told by friends it's the new internet and love to experiment and pioneer new things. If they say 'it's risky, illegal, whatever', I'd personally back off and come back a few years later. Don't put your mortgage at risk of them shutting down your account. It's unlikely, but safety first. If they're interested, tell them you'd be willing to speak to Bitpay to see what is possible and that you'd keep them updated. If there's a chance to do this with e.g. Bitpay, inform both parties, get permission in writing, then proceed.
Good luck.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:23:57
Sure, on paper. On paper all markets are in exact equilibrium and every investment has an equal risk-free rate. On paper we can use the black scholes model. In practice, markets don't adjust instantly, prices are sticky, valuation is psychological and economic actors aren't always rational. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 20:26:37
I think $800-1000 myself.
Could you please post in January a thread to remind us of all our estimates? :D
@_date: 2014-08-02 20:17:00
Not really. There's no real bitcoin company with an exit yet. (although Gyft did sell recently, it's sort of a bitcoin company.) There aren't really any public companies to trade.
Best thing you could do is invest in startups. e.g. Bitpay and Coinbase both did $150m valuations within 2-3 years of launching, and both could be invested in for as little as $10-250k or so in the early days. There's various VCs and syndicates and angel investors, but generally you'll need to be able to be accredited (kind of comes down to whether you can put down $100k on an investment, otherwise you can't really participate unless you directly fund extremely early startups directly, in the same way you might put $5k in your friend's project)
@_date: 2014-12-16 19:42:21
I hear you, as a customer I'm not the one who has to store all this. But that's not the problem I'm highlighting.
The company does however have to store all this, which means I have to hand over this information. I'm fine with that if I'm buying a house, you need to have an identity and all for notary services. But I'm not fine with having to give up my home address, name, and home address and name of a random stranger on reddit that I want to tip 5 cents. Yet this proposal would require exactly that. And I'm also not fine with seeing e.g. startup businesses get hit by such crazy reporting requirements if all you're trying to do is run a fun tip bot.


People tend not to get upset about that. People tend to get upset about a license that allows limited publication of user-content only to parties the user has authenticated to see the content (like a facebook friend who could be grandma) completely as-is, without say a photo being used to generate an advertisement for grandma for a product supposedly recommended by you,  which they're completely fine with, which then goes way outside this scope and includes permission to redistribute said content for commercial means and sell it to third parties and wrap it in paid advertising, without your knowledge or oversight or further approval required. 
This is a bit similar in that it takes something innocuous like a hypothetical startup allowing tipping a random stranger 5 cents for a humorous post on a tiny private community of local jazz musicians, and then lumps it in the same category as HSBC's billion dollar drug-money laundering scandal where every little thing gets recorded without any study or any conclusion as to the effectiveness or necessity of said law, or the effect it has on SMEs. 
Not only do I think it's the wrong thing to do, I also haven't seen any hints of a proper approach to drafting this proposal.
I do appreciate your comment on that this isn't the biggest problem facing us, I agree. But you seem to imply this isn't an issue at all, and there I disagree.
@_date: 2014-04-22 15:56:43
@_date: 2015-05-19 01:16:28
I have my doubts. We shouldn't forget that bitcoin's mining reward is all or nothing. A trillion people mine? Only 1 wins. And only 144 people can win per day.
So if you actually want millions of people to receive daily satoshis, you need to pool mine. Which is very likely what they'll build, a pool for 21's chips. 
In fact they explicitly stated this. Let's not forget one of the things they proposed was discounting consumer devices with chips, so they can be paid back through mining. In other words, the bitcoin is mined for a particular company, which is centralised.
It opens up mining centralisation issues to legitimate corporate governance tools etc, because this is a big mainstream company with VC backing (= headed for IPO one day), meaning it can be held accountable by law etc. But that's not necessarily what people like to see, they prefer a natural decentralised process, and that's unlikely to suddenly happen with these chips.
So there are some solutions and opportunities here, nothing I worry about myself, but this is unlikely to be a magic bullet to fix decentralisation.
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:36:35


With a 6 month notice in which payment still has to happen, right? I don't get it. They don't even try to cancel it and pay the remaining $60k. (and even this v8 seems forged)
They're just saying 'we never signed this, you have a contract with a brand, not our entity, we're not a company we're a brand, your contract is invalid, no we're not a company in singapore but yes we do write that on our website, and hey the contract is real but it's got a new clause allowing us to cancel with a 6 months notice, and hey we're cancelling now but we're not paying the remaining 6 months cause hey the contract is null, but im willing to pay you $10k though and be done with it, and hey none of this was a problem the past few months when we paid you $10k, and hey i dont even get why you're sticking to a contract we're small you're bitcoin jezus, oh and btw if you want to renegotiate a contract we're totally up for it lol'. 
It's just ridiculous. 
@_date: 2014-11-26 17:27:54


In tech startups it's pretty common to offer free lunch for years. VC investors pay for this lunch. If everyone likes the lunch, they change it to not being free, and then the VCs make a ton of money.
That's what happened with Changetip. Earlier this year they received close to a million bucks which will pay for the salaries of 3-4 engineers for 2 years, so they can offer this thing for free and hope to grow a popular business. That's why they didn't remove fees forever, they waive them until next summer.
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:42:56
The fundraiser should come last. I think what will make MIT meaningful is that they planned a ton of bitcoin education around it. They've invited some top individials and companies to speak on Bitcoin and stimulate bitcoin clubs, discussions and initiatives. Once you have all that planned, you can do something like a fundraiser. Without it, it'll be like auroracoin: some smart people getting students to login and send them their coins for half price in direct cash, just to sell em at full price at an exchange.
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:27:33
Oh it's the same across the board pretty much.
@_date: 2014-06-07 17:24:54
1 upvote! :D
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:39:13
Let me know how I can prove that Satoshi isn't thinking about doing something evil, it's completely and utterly impossible, that's the point, which is why the answer to the question 'can you provide evidence satoshi is not planning to do something purely evil' is strictly no.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:24:57
How come? What does new highs mean, something going from a marketcap of $10k to $11k is a new high, is it meaningful? I'll consider any information relevant to cryptocurrency, but at least make it meaningful :)
@_date: 2014-09-16 22:05:00
Anytime :)
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:40:57
He may well put up 1 billion on the table. It just shows that he has cryptographic proof and they don't, and so he's actually betting $1m on someone unable to break cryptographic proof (the same that secures bitcoin, banking, military secrets etc) which is a safer bet than betting you won't ever die from a lighting strike.
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:58:17
Agreed. It's brings a truckload of trouble.
* Some/Most people would not be aware which coins are 'tainted'. Thus, not only is a person stolen from a victim, if the thief then sells the coins to an honest person accepting this buyer would buy tainted worthless coins, making him also a victim while the thief has no issues.
* Huge political issues. If we can simply state certain coins will not be accepted for whatever reason, you invite centralized parties to take power. (e.g. these coins were once received by Wikileaks, thus the US government orders all US-based payment processors, exchanges etc to not accept these coins).
Stay away from this. Theft is painful, but it doesn't compromise the system. Tainted coins do.
@_date: 2015-05-23 17:02:40
Looks like OKcoin signed a seemingly silly $10k a month contract, paid out for a few months without making anything happen to build the site or generate revenue, then delayed payments and then found excuses not to pay and act as if the contract is void. Respect for Ver to actually question the lack of progress when he'd get paid out regardless.
They appear to have lied about OKCoin being both registered and not registered in Singapore in different communications. On the website they make the claim they are (their business front), privately they deny it.
They appear to have lied by signing a contract either as an entity and later pretending they're not, or signing not as an entity while pretending they are and later saying they never were. Either way they're in breach of contract. 
They appear to be lying about legal counsel, do not explain why a legal investigation gives them the right to cancel a contract (nobody was charged let alone convicted). They also did not take the proper course of action even if any of this was true, which is reserve the money in a separate account pending the matter to be resolved. 
They keep focusing on non-arguments like 'we're small, you're bitcoin jesus' as an argument to cancel a contract they voluntarily signed. It's as if bill gates sells a $10m private jet to a homeless man, and the homeless man decides not to pay because 'I'm homeless and he's bill gates', as if this is a normal way to do business. These arguments have zero legal value.
They somehow want to sign a new contract without explaining why an old contract is invalid, but a new contract is valid. Why an old contract is not desired, but a new contract is. Why they can't pay an old contract using arguments that would not be different in a new contract. etc. It makes no sense.
They are willing to pay $10k to pay off a contract in their eyes is null?
They seem to have forged some things.
After they make the argument they don't want to pay Ver because of a legal issue Ver might have, they seem perfectly comfortable paying Ver under a different name? (blatantly trying to circumvent the law which they appear to misinterpret).
@_date: 2014-08-08 18:27:49
I know buddy. That's why I said that I wasn't making a point on the necessity of a currency conversion, I said explicitly that I only wanted to refute his misinformation that deposits of bitcoin aren't free, and that the purchase of currency on Paypal would be. It's just not true.
As for if it's necessary? Well, for national trade, no, you can use dollars. But as I explained, I frequently take dollars from my US clients and need Euros to pay local suppliers, taxes, wages as well as my own income/profit. So yes, Paypal does often require conversion. In fact, it's one of the biggest reasons Paypal exists, as a way to send money to users and businesses in other countries. That conversion is a lot more expensive AND I also pay for accepting the dollars (without the conversion) in the first place. Not so with bitcoin. Remittance is a usecase for regular users where they suffer the same fees more harshly than when using bitcoin.
After I spoke on the fact that versus Paypal, currency conversion to bitcoin is actually already getting extremely cheap. In some cases, free, like Circle which I've been using the past few days. And then I spoke on the fact that fees are only going to get lower. So even buying bitcoin and spending it would indeed not cost anything extra. Then I spoke on the fact that it'd be cheaper as the trend is for merchants to discount on bitcoin sales.
And then I finalized that bitcoin is way more than just removing some fees for over a billion people. Cyprus, Argentina are easy examples, as are the many who haven't even a form of identity (many hundreds of millions have no birth certificate or identity at all), with no formal residence or formal employment, and are not eligible for (or affluent enough to pay for) a bank account or financial services.
Did you read my post? I think I've covered all angles here :P I've been paid and have paid with bitcoin, no conversion necessary. I've also paid and been paid in euros on Paypal, no conversion necessary. And I've both paid and been paid with bitcoins/euros where a conversion was necessary. Paypal does not magically make that go away...
And that doesn't even get into the optimistic scenarios where one gets paid in bitcoin and thus needn't convert anything at all. Overstock announced paying employees partially in bitcoin, as well as holding bitcoin from sales, as well as looking to pay some of its vendors/suppliers in bitcoin, meaning we're already seeing conversions cut out completely already. I'm actually not that optimistic to see bitcoin replace entrenched fiat economies completely, but it's a potential scenario for sure to see bitcoin act as a settling mechanism and payment channel for fiat transactions if that makes sense.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:19:07
Think all of them are now.
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:25:13
hehe true I doubt you'll see it in any 401k package, mostly because liquidity just isn't there, risk is high... I mean, an $8b fund is something most banks don't even put a manager on, perhaps a junior. I mean there was just a fine for a bank, that fine was more than the entire market cap of bitcoin combined.
But the BIT is a security, and securities basically fit into everything including 401ks. 
Anyway, the bigger point was I doubt we'll see this ETF do $1b in under 3 days. 
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:10:36
Eh no they didn't. They WAIVED $15 of fees you should have had to pay. And then you were able to cancel before your product even arrived, or in any of the 3 months, WHILE USING the card, completely for free, and then cancel after a quarter of a year, and then it'd have cost you EXACTLY the same as you thought when you pre-ordered for $15.
And seeing as they went to our community on reddit and posted on their website the transparent fee structure, they did everything they needed to do to make sure you knew of the fees and had the ability to cancel within these 3 months if you so wished.
They didn't technically steal shit, give me a break.
@_date: 2014-05-23 10:40:34
Oh also check out:
That might be a good introduction of a bitcoin-based service. Let them login with facebook, send them money, then let them order pizza. Make sure to tell them how they can send money to any of their facebook friends around the world instantly at no fees. That might be a 'eureka' moment for them.
@_date: 2014-04-09 11:41:58
I think it's absolutely clear bitcoin is not where we want it to be or where it can be. Nobody's expecting bitcoin to go to $30k a coin overnight. These (pretty silly btw) calculations the Winklevoss twins made are based on bitcoin completely replacing all creditcard companies and all payment companies like Paypal and WesternUnion which is a complete joke. Not only do these companies offer non-payment products (e.g. creditcards make a lot of money on credit, not necessarily payments) but all creditcard companies together do about 50 thousand transactions per second. Bitcoin does about 0.8 per second and the current protocol is limited to about 7 transactions per second. Bitcoin transfers about $70m a day, creditcard companies more than 30.000 million. Even if 50% of all people worldwide, a few billion people, would open a bitcoin wallet tomorrow, bitcoin would probably still take at least 5-10 years to scale up and that's a conservative measure. 
So bitcoin is great, but 'by when' is the key here. As for current liquidity, settling $3m would be pretty difficult. Daily liquidity of all exchanges usually floats between 4 and  30m with an average of about 15m in the past 60 days. You'd need multiple exchanges and set up a bot to make incremental trades every 15 minutes or so so as not to move the market too much. For example, for $3m you'd need about 6.6k coins. The current Bitstamp Ask orderbook totals only 4.000 coin and you'd need to pay about 10% premium on those last coins which is just a ridiculous fee/risk/volatility if you're trying to send money. 
Presumably, you'd send $3m across the world to get it in another country with another currency. World's number 2 currency, the euro then? Kraken is Euro market leader, it has an ask orderbook of just 350 coins out of the 6600 you'd need and shoots up by 15% in price once you buy that many coins.
Of course, there are many hundreds of trading bots that will immediately respond and can't currently be found on the order books nor are they often represented in the volume charts as they only behave when the market actually moves. So it should actually be a little easier, but depositing $3m in fiat, sending it and then withdrawing the euro equivalent and staying below 2-3% fees and doing it within 24 hours is really difficult that's for sure. But there's about 10x more liquidity than there was 6 months ago and that's what counts for me. I only look at trends with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-28 20:35:07
What does this do?
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:52:31
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:53:49
@_date: 2014-12-06 18:14:52
Enterprise solutions. Similar to how Skype brings in a lot less money than the enterprise communciations solution Lync that Microsoft also owns, where Skype helps Lynch increase its revenues, yet nobody knows Lync and everybody knows Skype.
This is possible because accepting bitcoin is free. Transaction fees are already paid by the customer after all, as bitcoin uses a push system of payments where the payer pays the fee. All that's left is converting bitcoin to another currency IF you want (but that is different from processing the payment) which Coinbase charges 1% for, and Bitpay does it for free as there are already exchanges where fees are low (0.1%) or completely free.
All of this is unique because there is no such open, global, permission less system that has no chargeback fraud and is fully digital. Banks need permission, licenses, interface with many different systems in different regions and often require some non-digital human labor, and is susceptible to (chargeback) fraud. So there's a higher cost.
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:53:42
In a way, yes. If you invest $1000 in microsoft stock, you had to have earned that before. Or you had to be awarded for working at ms.
With bitcoin, if you mined $1000 worth of btc, that was your service to btc, you made transactions possible, secured the ledger. If you sell your btc, you keep the $1000. If you dont cash out, its like you earned $1000 for providing computational services and then invested $1000 in btc.
Id say these people deserve their wealth to some extent yes. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 20:56:35
Ah I took it as an argument for why BitPagos is so great compared to what we have today, because it allows merchants to pay out in pesos or bolivars instead of dollars which I felt you implied wasn't possible before. As such I mentioned BitPay already pays out in 150 currencies. But that wasn't really what you implied, apologies.
@_date: 2014-08-04 08:23:40
Just tried works for me. 
Are you in the Netherlands btw? Shouldn't have to matter, but still, it's a Dutch site so perhaps if you're not in the Netherlands it might be trying to reroute you to one of their affiliates in your country that doesn't exist or something. Only thing I can think of...
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:48:19


No it's not? If an address is used, it's in the blockchain. You literally just need to check each block's transactions, the addresses that were involved, and you have your list of 'used addresses'... You could write some software and let a computer find the answer for you, and keep track of it live.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:38:05
You don't really need to trust the bank. For example you can multisig the wallet and hold one sig in multiple banks meaning the bank cannot access your funds even if they opened your safe AND broke the encryption of your private keys, which is extremely unlikely in the first place.
But sure you could just hold on to multisig encrypted private keys yourself. One important thing to note is that a cold wallet means it never has been connected to the internet, meaning it cannot be hacked unless someone physically enters e.g. your home where you store it and finds the wallet and then breaks the encryption. 
All these things are extremely unlikely. 
@_date: 2014-05-20 10:59:07
Can you explain?
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:42:32
Cool man. Well Morocco has extremely tight capital controls. There's a ton of people looking to get dirhams out of the country but can't. If you can find a legal niche (or want to risk doing it illegally) like selling bitcoins as if they're virtual items in a vending machine (and not actual money), you could make a ton of money.
@_date: 2014-07-06 12:16:56
By the way, I'd try to hire a UX and UI person, next. Your work is absolutely awesome, so much functionality, a lot of clever security things that I really like. But UI and UX is really hard to get perfect, especially for programmers who have more important tasks. If you can get some funding, that'd be awesome!
@_date: 2014-10-12 16:19:10
You're going to need an angle here.
First, you really need to establish some credibility. When I first heard of bitcoin I completely ignored to even give it a single thought. It felt like Linden dollars or World of Warcraft gold or reddit gold, or another stupid e-dollar scheme that someone launches a few times a year that dies a few months later. (blockchain was far, far from the driver of the first pump and dump currency wave haha.)
So you have to start with some big names. Mention Dell, Expedia, Newegg, depending on who you're talking to. Talking to a Silicon Valley twitter-junkie, tell them Marc Andreessen who funded Twitter and launched the first browser and one of the first cloud companies, is heavily invested in bitcoin, and show him articles by him on bitcoin. Like: Why bitcoin matters
Speaking to a wall street finance guy? Point him to Barry Silbert, a wallstreet favorite with a very disruptive product with SecondMarket, who has completely shifted his focus to bitcoin.
Facebook junkie? Tell 'em about the winklevoss twins.
Economics / Politics junkie? Tell them about the impact of torrents, tor, the internet and various democratic peer to peer systems. Tell them about the rigidity and lack of political freedoms in our payment system. Take Wikileaks, or the many examples hit by the 'morality police' of creditcard companies. Tell them about the failure of 600 fiat currencies in recorded human history, tell them the dollar lost 30% of its value in the past decade, tell them about the issues with the petrodollar, the issues with a debt-driven economy. Then show how bitcoin is fixed, corruption resistant, unforgeable, transparent, open, free, censor resistant and democratic by design.
Do they have family abroad? Mention fees. Are they interested in new technology like drones or driverless cars, mention machine to machine payments (like one driverless car paying others to use the fast lane on a highway automatically, or using your phone to pay households in your neighborhood to use their wifi network at a cheaper rate than your 3g data plan, automatically, on the fly, without you knowing). Are they sick of spam? Tell them how cool it'd be if you could configure gmail to block any email that didn't come with 1/10th of a penny attached, the guys sending a billion spam mails a day would be broke within the hour, while it'd cost you a dollar per year, and how that's possible with something like bitcoin.
You can't bring up bitcoin and then pitch it. That's like me randomly saying 'hey ever heard about solar panels? Yeah? Let me tell you why they're awesome'. I love solar panels but that's an awkward convo, I'd be like 'no thanks'. But if we had a discussion on climate change, you could lead into some new developments in solar technology as well as intermittent storage. That's interesting.
You need an angle and you need a moment.
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:58:48
5 upvote Tom, great effort! @_date: 2014-06-06 09:47:25
But most people on reddit are actually not American. As it seems, there are enough non-Americans who speak English to discuss on an international platform worldly affairs in a single language.
@_date: 2014-07-01 13:34:37
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:18:03
BULLSHIT ALERT
"Silk Road allegedly transacted $1.2b worth of cocaine, lsd ..."
An academic at Cornell University estimated Silk Road trade volume at 1.2m a month or less than 30m in two years. And Silk Road traded a lot of licit goods, too. But hey, 30m of illicit and licit goods, or 1200m of cocaine and lsd. What's the difference.
A little later, 20% of all narcotics were traded on silk road. Right. Global drug trade is estimated at $300-400 billion, of which a large chunk in the US. But sure, $15m a year on Silk Road (estimated by FBI) in goods including non-narcotic goods, or the ridiculous bs statistic of $500m a year she claimed, are a fraction of a single percent of trade.
So tiresome media agencies always need to 'present the other side', and 'the dark side'. You can find an other side on a billion things, but keep the facts straight, you're a fucking journalist. Interview someone, then check if what he says is ridiculous, if it is, work it out or don't air it.
Just as bad is calling bitcoin pioneers 'internet whiz kids who finished college in their teens' haha. This shit gets really old even if it's true, it's purely appearance over substance.
EDIT HAHAHA, I see now where they got their $1.2b from. That's 'at current USD prices', which was stated in january. NEWS FACT, Silk Road closed October 2nd when Bitcoin was worth $10. One month later it was worth $100, another month later $1150. 100x difference between when they said 'at current prices' and when they actually shut down Silk Road, not to even speak of the price when Silk Road was in operation two years before.
In other words, this is what they said: X amount of Blabla coins were traded, which at the time that trading stopped were worth $10. Now they're worth $1.000. So, we conclude that they traded X times $1000 in value. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:01:24
Sorry I meant the other way around.
@_date: 2014-09-03 08:32:32
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:44:52
Not really. If you really believe this company will last 10 years, you need to believe that bitcoin takes off in such a way that it's EXTREMELY easy to load it with coin, as easy as sending email.
Secondly, imagine they launched in 2010, and put a chip in your phone that didn't work if it didnt mine coins... Difficulty increased by a factor of one billion or whatever, computers that could mine hundreds of satoshis a few years ago can't mine even 0.0001 per year, today. 
Mining is not some guaranteed, linear, predictable phenomenon. It's like selling a car without fuel or an ability to refuel, but with a solar panel that may lose 99% of its capacity within 2 years, making the car useless. It's silly.
@_date: 2014-08-08 18:57:39
Looking forward to your demo.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:59:36
The basic idea is this, the price has been relatively stable just under $500 for quite a while now. Why? Close to 2 million dollars of bitcoin is produced and over-time on average something close to that amount is sold on a daily basis. That's a huge amount of price pressure downwards. Still the price is stable, because there's an equal amount (seemingly) of new demand pouring in, likely from the trickle of new adopters and new users that jump on the bandwagon given bitcoin's benefits and a rapidly growing number of properly ran startup companies.
So what would happen if that downward pressure would be halved, but the amount of user growth remains the same. The price would surely go up slowly over time. 
The expectation that this will happen will also lead to some demand as an investment opportunity, causing the price to rise a little bit faster than it ought to, and knowledge of this small boom will drive in even more money temporarily.
So I think we'll have a small bubble (e.g. 50% up) then a smaller crash (e.g. 25% down), and then a slight and steady growth. Just made those numbers up for illustration.
Mining investment will naturally take a hit denominated in bitcoin. Obviously, where people would be willing to invest nearly 1 bitcoin to earn 1 bitcoin, if they can now earn 0.5 bitcoin, they will only spend nearly 0.5 bitcoin on mining investments, on average.
But it's likely that the dollar price of bitcoins will be higher by the 2016 halving, and will jump up a bit due to the lower inflation, so dollar investments will likely be up, and as mining becomes more efficient, hashpower will be massively up regardless.
Hopefully by then we'll also see at least an order of magnitude more transactions, taking the mining reward from tx fees up to 2.5%, which relatively due to the halving will then represent 5% of the total reward (where it is a measly 0.25% today). And that makes sense, given we have about 2m rather inactive users today, in 2016 it wouldn't be strange to assume 5m users who utilize bitcoin 2x as today. (Just look at the merchant adoption between 2012 and 2014 for example. Not only are there more users, but we pay merchants a lot more often, too). So given this, a 10x increase in transaction amount in 24 months isn't too crazy, between growing numbers of users and growing activity.
Also, I think it might be something that'll receive a lot of attention, as it's something that can easily be misunderstood and create a typical media clickbait article. If it does turn out that bitcoin is being used by lots of businesses given the trend we see today (paypal, dell etc), that should become a standard newspiece in every newspaper, not major, but similar to how newspapers regularly report on interest rate changes from a central bank, even for small economies.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:48:33
How's that ironic? :) Google is no big bully of bitcoin, they allow it on Android for example, even though they have a wallet that sort of competes with bitcoin, but not really right now in any meaningful way.
There's quite a few google guys working on this, not just mike, but also someone like kevin greene or peter wuille. Bitcoin has huge traction with silicon valley investors, entrepreneurs and programmers. Fintech is one of those big new things like 'the cloud' or 'social media' that's currently getting massive and bitcoin is the most open/permissionless platform to build on, which is a massive advantage because fintech has seen so little innovation because of its closed systems and huge barriers to entry. 
As for the 20% time, the caveat is this... anything a googler works on in his 20% generally is owned by Google. So a lot of great projects came out of 20% time, but it's not 'go do your hobby and start your own company', it's more like 'go do your hobby as it's your passion which makes you a more productive employee than otherwise, then turn it into a product for us to use'. For example, Gmail came out of 20% time. You also need approval from management on these projects by the way. That's possibly why mike ended up taking it outside of google, and why people like kevin greene and pieter wuille work on it in their spare-time, not their 20% time.
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:53:55
Stop saying it's saving you on fees. People buy bitcoin either to keep it or spend it. This is costing you everytime you spend because they probably quote a slightly higher price in bitcoin than it costs because they'll need to go to bitstamp and sell it and then withdraw it. That's simply not free, and as customers are the only source of revenue, customers will have to pay for this in the end. And at the end you're still paying for creditcard transaction fees that the merchant doesn't get to keep, meanwhile you could've either paid with cash, a regular creditcard, paid with bitcoin directly or paid using a Gyft card which actually does save you 3% in fees compared to using a Xapo card, even if the Xapo card was free.
You're presenting some false choice that you either have to use a Xapo card or you have to sell your bitcoin at Coinbase to pay for something. That's silly.
I think it's a crap service that's more expensive than e.g. cash, regular cc, bitcoin gyft card/bitcoin tx, is more of a hassle, doesn't actually make any merchant or other person aware of bitcoin's impact and doesn't remove typical cc dangers of identity theft or chargebacks. I think it's crap. Still, I applaud it, because it's experimental and we need companies to try things out even if they're crap (e.g. altcoins are mostly crap, yet important experiments) and iterate from there. But I'd rather see them try to build something that's new or actually uses bitcoin's strengths. This is just a convoluted way to use bitcoin, I can't say I'm excited nor could I say I'd recommend this to anyone, while I would recommend e.g. bitpay or gyft to merchants and consumers.
@_date: 2014-04-16 11:47:39
Which of course has something to do with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:55:54
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:20:40
No it's not. If a satoshi is worth 1 million, hypothetically speaking, trying to mine it with some shitty consumer grade chip in a smartphone is endlessly more expensive in a world where you're competing with industry grade hardware with access to cheap energy for trillions of dollars of block rewards every 10 minutes.
As for easier, yes it's easier to load an ordinary storage chip with a private key than manufacture a mining chip, load it with a key, an interface to the blockchain and nodes and software for mining. It's a world of difference in easy.
I think the best question to ask is this. If they can build a tiny space efficient chip that can generate 100 satoshis and put it in millions of devices, don't you think it's easier to build a large chip without having to worry about size constraints, hook it up to a cheap electricity source, and generate more coins than those tiny chips could?
It's like wondering if it's easier for Apple to build a 1 ghz chip that fits in a smartphone, or a Mac Pro, which is easier and cheaper. The answer is obvious.
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:49:16
Whatever you do, try to reach out to Bitpay, Coinbase and Circle with your concerns. It might spur them on to develop a centralized, insured payment service for Business2Business, either by acting as a bank-counterparty, or by offering an easy to use and insured multi-signature system.
You could of course hire software engineers to build you an in-house system you described. (Basically, multi-signature encrypted keys for each of the authorized people who could traditionally sign off a payment, combined with a multi-sig key of an electronic system that only signs the transaction if the tx is within certain parameters, like known address, volume below treshhold etc)
But I think it might be better if you'd have specialized bitcoin services built these products and offer insurance on the funds as a counterparty and act as a cheaper/easier/faster and more digital payment system. 
There's no software package that I know of that already exists that can do everything you want. Multi-signature is available, but not in combination with automatic algorithms that protect against fraud/theft (like checking known addresses, checking the volume etc) but this is definitely something that can be developed for bitcoin because it's all software based.
Please keep us up to date how this works out for you :) I think your best bet is to talk to a few payment-service companies that do merchant-services and see if they'd be interested in developing such a merchant payment service and act as a trusted counterparty. For example, Circle has said they do consumer finance for free, but are looking to develop merchant products (among other things) for monetization, and they already have their funds insured by various private companies, they have security in place and have various 2FA options. Bitpay is essentially a 100% business focussed company, and Coinbase is like Circle and does all.
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:10:24
Any other languages? I'd love javascript (&amp;NodeJS) as it's possible that most applications for bitcoin in the near future will be consumer-facing applications on the web. Things like HTML5 wallets, widgets, browser-based blockchain analysis, bitcoin-based browser games, web ecommerce etc etc. 
So I'd really love some javascript based examples.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:49:15


Exactly: that's my point. You put a wallet on your device. You're now done. That's your battery that stores coins. No need for a solar panel (mining chip).
The tokens are a tiny tiny fraction of a penny. You can just load thousands of them on the device.
In fact, for businesses it makes sense to authenticate devices on the blockchain, and replenish its authentication tokens when it wants, thereby controlling the devices.
Generating coins locally is fine if mining was linear, but it's not. A chip that could generate hundreds of bitcoins per day just a few years ago, can now barely generate 0.001 per year. It's like putting a solar panel that degrades by potentially 99% in two years on a device without batteries.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:03:02
So just load it up with satoshis. Why manufacture a whole freaking chip to mine 100 satoshis, instead of putting a fraction of a penny of coin on the device yourself which is endlessly cheaper and easier.
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:57:18
Exactly, no need to mine on a device if you can just send it coins. It's like putting a solar panel on a device to create electricity when you can just send it electricity. It only makes sense if you can't send it electricity (e.g. off grid or on the road), but guess what, that's never the case for bitcoin.
I don't get this idea.
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:34:10
Depends where you are mate. In my country (live in Amsterdam) I can order from a few thousand restaurants. Like order two pizzas for $20, or some sushi, with bitcoin, and it arrives within 15 minutes.
That's a great thing to do. I guess in the US, Overstock or Tigerdirect are big. Or buy a Gyft card using bitcoin and get 3% discounts on anything, you can use it at loads of stores like wall-mart. Fiverr is a fun example maybe, spend $5 worth of bitcoin and have a girl record a video saying she's pregnant and your friend is the father and post it on his facebook :p
@_date: 2014-08-04 11:54:02
Great question, been wondering this myself.
But, here's some thoughts. You can't send bitcoin to a non-address, so sending bitcoin to the address means it's a valid address.
The question of course is whether your valid address is actually derived from your private key. Well two things about that. If you have a valid address and change 1 digit, there's about a 1/4 billion chance it's still a valid address. So that means that it's extremely likely that if something unintentionally went wrong, like a typo or a bug, that you'd end up with an invalid address that you couldn't send bitcoins to (thereby losing them).
So what remains is that someone intentionally wrote a piece of code, that instead of giving you an address that is derived from a private key, gives you a valid address that they own the private key to, that has nothing to do with your private key. 
Well that's something you can only verify by looking at the code itself. But generally, if you create 3 wallets, send $1 to them, then sweep the addresses, chances are, your wallet isn't doing that, else you'd get this issue on the first try. And in the case of popular code like bitaddress, that's code that tons of eyes are focused on as almost everyone making paper wallets uses it. It's available on github, reddit, bitcointalk and the website. On each there are PGP keys and a history of posts. So it's pretty easy to compare versions, check for everyone's opinion, check the PGP keys, and know you're getting the right bitaddress code that everyone's been double-checking and vetting for a long time now.
And if you're one of those people, you can just look at the code yourself. It's all open-source and you can check it line by line, or hire someone to do so for you. It sounds crazy and far out, but I'm just saying it's possible if you want, and it's much more easy to verify this security than that of your bank, or of your food. It's open source code.
@_date: 2014-09-10 16:15:42
Apple pay seems to only work for iphone 6, so I think it will be a while until you get anywhere close to the 300m figure.
@_date: 2014-06-07 17:19:26
This is fucking bullshit. I really hope miners will come to their senses. 
I guess the sad thing about this 'ever increasing difficulty rate' is that hardware quickly becomes redundant and thus miners have short-term financial incentives to cash out their bitcoin and buy in to a new short term investment by buying new hardware.
That means their bitcoin exposure is short in time frame in that, if there's a 51% attack, many will not have any bitcoin to devalue in the first place. And future income being destroyed doesn't matter *that* much if your investment was viable for just a few months anyway.
Whereas a more steady hashrate would mean profits come from using your mining rigs for a long time, thus you'd care if people lost faith in the network and future block rewards became worthless. Also, there wouldn't be a need to immediately cash out block rewards if you could use the same hardware for a longer period of time, meaning miners would be slightly more exposed to the risk of their bitcoin becoming worthless and thus slightly more prone to act against it by mining smaller pools.
We really need some awesome p2p pool software and some big statements from the bitcoin ecosystem, the big companies, the VCs, those who sell mining rigs. What you mine is up to you, but there should be more public education and more alternatives. What worries me is that I'm not aware of anything 'in the works'. Bitcoin scaling for example is being worked on, networks are optimized, the chain will soon be pruneable, and that opens up faster or bigger blocks. But who is working on the mining problem? 45% is not fucking acceptable.
@_date: 2014-06-09 11:42:06
Agreed, only staying on cex.io is a negative investment. Do you actually know anyone who profits? I've ran the numbers many times, you can't make money off of a cloud mining contract at current or historic prices.
@_date: 2014-08-04 17:06:09
It's not possible afaik? Please elaborate. Note, invalid doesn't mean incorrect. You may sent bitcoin to the wrong address, but to an invalid address? If you could send bitcoin to an invalid address, why would it even be invalid?
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:58:50
Just consider there's at least 2 funds with more than $100m invested in bitcoin, they buy bitcoin in bulk in private deals and privately sell it to their customers (generally people who have 1-50m net worth and want to buy securities to fit in their accounting and reporting models rather than actual bitcoin, just like they'd buy oil or corn securities rather than actual oil or corn)
These guys are always looking for bitcoins at a good price. If they buy $20m at an exchange when the price is $550, they'll push the price up and pay an average of $600+. So just being able to buy at market price ($550) is a great deal for them and they'll bid accordingly.
As such I doubt you'll see very cheap coins (e.g. more than a 25% discount over market rates I think is highly unlikely.) And I certainly doubt that there won't be enough interest to buy all the coins. There'll absolutely be a bid for all 30k coins at least at 50% market rates, but likely at 90%+ in my opinion.
But you can try. You lose the money for maybe 2 weeks or so at most. I'd try for sure if I had $1m+ disposable cash laying around.
@_date: 2014-08-04 21:49:22
In short, fractional reserve lending is when you have $100, but you somehow lend out say $1000. That's possible because banks can, to an extent, simply create deposits out of nothing. It's more complex than this but it's kind of what it comes down to in the end. 
With bitcoin that wouldn't be possible, as you can't make or forge bitcoins. You could give someone fake bitcoins, sure, but not actual bitcoins, beyond what you have. And if you can only give what you have, than the amount of reserves (what you have) is not a fraction of what you lend, because you can only lend reserves, so you'll always have 100% ratios.
Now there is a chance that companies start to offer fake bitcoins, but because bitcoins live on the blockchain, we can for the first time very easily and transparently audit reserves. As long as we keep demanding this, we're good, or, of course, simply keep our own bitcoins ourselves in our own wallets. That, and fractional reserve is illegal for non-banks, so a company like Coinbase, Xapo, Circle, they're not actually allowed to keep anything less than 100% of customer funds with them.
@_date: 2014-05-01 07:42:04
Probably not. Facebook has 1300m users. Bitcoin probably has about 3-5m users or so. As a facebook product owner, you really don't want to add functionality that most people don't understand, won't jump on, find difficult to use that potentially risks their real money. Particularly not if it conflicts with your own plans to launch a money service on Facebook, as well as challenge FB's current credits system.
Would I love to see it happen? Absolutely. Will FB do it anytime soon? Extremely unlikely. 
But both twitter and FB have awesome open APIs, it's pretty easy for anyone to build a wallet you log into with your credentials which allows you to send money to your FB friends, who then get a message and only need to login with FB to access this money. As such I think it's more likely non-FB individuals and companies will build this in some form, as they already have.
@_date: 2014-02-21 15:49:49
Great work guys!
Would be awesome to make any payments anywhere with Bitcoin *without the merchant being aware of this*. 
So, a lot of my payments right now are by order (I don't know how you call this in English). I get mail from e.g. my insurance with a sheet I can either take to a bank and hand over money to make the payment. Or I go online and make an electronic payment via my bank and fill in the payment-idon the sheet in the comment section of my electronic payment.
How could would it be to make that payment using Bitcoin e.g. through Bitpay. I send Bitcoin to Bitpay + the bank acc of the receiver + the payment-id from the sheet, Bitpay then sends them the euro/dollar/whatever equivalent. It's not the ideal situation, but an interesting middleground to pure BTC payments. At least it would generate lots of Bitcoin-companies on companies' transaction sheets, they'll take notice.
@_date: 2014-08-04 11:28:58
The short answer is that yes, SHA256 and ECC are extremely secure, have never been broken, nobody has even gotten remotely close, and breaking them would even run into theoretical limitations of physics, something nobody can get around. That is, computer chips have theoretical limits to the amount of work they can do, as every calculation requires a certain minimum amount of operations, and each operation expends energy (changing one bit to another bit of data), and the energy required to break a 256-bit hash in a reasonably timeframe (of e.g. a human life at best) is so huge it creates a myriad of issues.
All of this is well documented, check google. Is there a backdoor? Not that anyone knows of. The best way to store your bitcoins? In my opinion, install Tails OS and get the bitaddress.org code from a safe source, run it on your computer that's not connected to the internet, flip 256 coins (heads is 0, tails is 1) and use it as the seed to a brain wallet in the bitaddress program, store the generated wallet (e.g. on paper), add encryption for safety. Then send your bitcoins there and never use the wallet twice. That'd be one of the more secure ways.
The other extreme end, the more customer friendly way, is probably to open a wallet at Coinbase, deposit bitcoins there, choose a strong (preferably random) password, add 2 factor authentication (e.g. your phone or email), and put most of your bitcoins in their 'Vault' with a time limitation for withdrawal of e.g. 48 hours, and keep say $50 or $100 in your regular wallet.
@_date: 2014-06-02 10:55:05
Here's a 1996 paper by a federal banker with a PhD in economics. The paper is called money is memory:
You can read the first few pages to get the idea. 
It says "any function performed by money can be provided by an ability to access the past of ones trading partners". On that latter end of the sentence he's referring to a memory of all trade, in other words, a public memory, or a public ledger if you will.
So in 1996 he (among many others of course before and after him) already succinctly and academically showed that money is nothing more than a public ledger. And bitcoin finally gave us a digital public ledger which could not be forged and requires no central party, in that it's like one persion handing over cash to another without an intermediary, only this time the slots in the ledger have no central issuer like a federal bank.
The more you think about these things the more I find bitcoin absolutely brilliant :)
@_date: 2014-04-08 21:59:31
Thanks :) I'm glad it's quite an isolated case. Also, if it's only for change addresses, it's pretty limited. (e.g. if you pay out of a wallet with your entire life savings of 100 btc, the biggest change amount will be 1 btc or so, usually much less. 
Still, really not cool, especially if there's no investigation as to how this happened or how it can be fixed. The user is a pure victim here, a backup wouldn't have worked I assume, as the problem is that the change address was generated at the point of the transaction, if the generated private key wasn't saved or shown anywhere there's nothing to do.
Fortunately, core developers and the dev of MultiBit all seem to be working hard on deterministic wallets that solve this issue as I understand it (could generate all keys, even to change addresses, from the seed)... Perhaps in the mean time the OP could ask for donations. I'm sure some of us can at least partially pool 0.49 btc together. I saw one person come forward he'd be able to cover the losses already.
@_date: 2014-06-13 11:08:55
Ah no, the US is auctioning 30k bitcoins, about $18m worth, and indeed the bidding requires a 200k minimum deposit.
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:45:01
Just to add some perspective, 1 terabyte of storage retail costs about $50 and 3 gigabytes can be bought for $100. (brands like Western Digital, Seagate, Toshiba etc).
So if we increase block sizes by 20x, and then totally max it out 24/7, it'll cost about $30-40 in storage for a year.
Add pruning to that, and you're cutting that down to just a few dollars. If we figure that a typical miner has an Antminer S5, which is quite efficient (for example almost 2x more efficient per unit of energy than an S3) running 24/7... that thing costs about $750 in electricity alone, and hundreds of dollars more for the hardware. The notion they spend a few extra dollars on some storage they likely already have, and this being a problem, is kind of silly. 
@_date: 2014-07-30 08:59:02
Well the easy way out is to consider them not permanently lost in the first place. But the idea is, that it's not likely that for every 100 coins lost, 100 coins are found again in the future. It's more likely to be a fraction of that, say for every 100 coins considered lost, only 20 or so may be refound later. There will always be some coins lost that simply won't ever return. (e.g. because they were on a private key that wasn't saved in the memory pool, or were on a private key written on a piece of paper that was lost in a house fire etc.)
So whatever this fraction would be, there'll always be some coins that simply will be lost forever. And seeing as the last positive supply of bitcoins is 0.00000001%, if about $1 of bitcoins is lost that year (in todays terms), the supply would actually shrink despite new bitcoins being mined.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:14:15
Man it's tiresome to see people shit all over Jeremy for no reason whatsoever. The kind of words people put in his mouth are crazy.
Remember this is a son of a social worker, son to politically active parents who battled for the plight of the poor and homeless, for civil and human rights, ran mental health institutions and halfway houses. He was educated in the montesorri method, something he calls a self-directed peer-collaborative way of education. He's a kid from a rural town who spent his childhood hacking together stuff on his computer. Studied political science, philosophy and economics. He got obsessed with the internet, particularly on how it could transform communications and enable basic human rights, in particular freedom of speech. Early follower of the EFF and later recruited its founder to the board of his own company. (the EFF is known to expose political malfeasance, fight the NSA, the organisation that supported the defense against the US government when it sued cryptographers who built the type of cryptography bitcoin uses today) He built a decentralized communications network for native american tribal schools in the midwest while in college.
He then helped Noam Chomsky, probably the number 1 critic of the US government, its foreign, domestic, monetary and fiscal policy, with publishing all his work online, because his views (among which libertarian / anarchist) resonated with him.
Then he built multiple companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars, did multiple IPOs, built companies with over $100m annual revenue, and products used by 75 of the fortune 100.
So if you want to shit all over this guy, you better bring some serious analysis to the table. The number 1 comment here is 'Oh Mr. Allaire, if you take control of bitcoin, please add a back-door key for the US government'. Try to do a write up as I did (merely citing some of the stuff on wikipedia) about yourself, compare the two and then consider if you really ought to be shitting all over this guy with the most simplistic unfounded one-line ad hominem bs comments.
I'm quite open to talking critically about Circle or even Allaire in a proper manner. I'm not a user, never will be, I like control of my own keys. But I can't stand these stupid ad hominem attacks. Put some substance in your posts already, this community is a joke.
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:23:45
Definitely check out assasination contracts. It's a pretty scary idea, but I think it'd be fit for TV.
It goes a little bit like this.
Unpopular man X does something evil. Everyone wants him dead. But, he didn't break the law, so you can't kill him. Hiring someone is tricky, it creates a relationship, a paper trail etc, increasing the chances of getting caught or even hiring an FBI agent posing as an assassin. 
So you create a assassin's contract. You put it up online on the blockchain say on Jan 1st.
Everyone who wants him dead puts in a bid on some random day, e.g. Jan 1st or Nov 8th or whatever. The bitcoins come in, until there's 100k in the pool.
Now, every bitcoin tx has a script (bitcoin has scripts, it's programmable money). 1 part is a time locked tx on Dec 31st back to the original address, so that if money is left in the pool at year's end, the money is returned.
The other part of the script is connected to an online obituary. If the name of the person ends up there, then all the bitcoins in the pool will be sent to the private keys of bitcoins sent on the day he died.
So then an assassin comes along and thinks 'ill kill him on Nov 5. So he bets his bitcoin on Nov 5 and kills him, and his name shows up in the obituary on Nov 5, thereby winning his own bet and collecting everyone's money as a reward.
You now have created a contract, found an executor and have him execute and pay him, all without ever meeting or even explicitly ordering anything. All that happened was that people legally placed personal bets on when a person would die. So if betting is legal in your state, everyone who paid for the assassin now legally hired a murder. 
Of course the assassin is still illegal, but hey he got $100k for it, so he probably doesn't mind.
Really scary stuff, I hope nobody ever actually builds it heh. But again great for TV.
@_date: 2014-11-25 23:57:17
There are only so many days you can talk about meaningful topics. Imagine a newspaper that only showed news, daily, 24/7, realtime, updated every minute. News about a single, small, nascent and growing phenomenon like driverless cars or Nest thermostats. You couldn't do it without the occasional joke and non-academic, non-serious material. That's what reddit is.
As such, I don't really care. I tend to visit daily and there's loads of good discussion going on. Every now and then something happens and the front page is flooded with that particular topic. Whether it's China, Mt. Gox, Tipping, Lawsky, Ghash.io, a company launch. an important conference, that's just how these communities work. Right now it's a few days of Western Union, not a problem.
Is it deserved? Absolutely. This is a company that's been taking an average of about 10% in fees for decades and decades from the poorest people on the planet. That may work in the 20th century, and it may have been justifiable if nobody was able to do it cheaper, but they're still trying to do this today in 2014 and don't seem to be interested in adapting. In fact, they're resistant to change and aren't even actively exploring better ways to transfer value (like bitcoin), when their entire company is based on transferring value. 
So when a lone individual posts a single harmless little joke comparison, and the WU offices take the time to file a copyright complaint (unjustified based on copyright laws by the way) against a citizen who compares WU to bitcoin in jest, that's pretty pathetic and hilarious. And it's nice to see a community of individuals make fun of that and give WU some perspective.
It's fully deserved to see the community express their frustration with WU's practices through humor, I really don't see the problem. I know I'm not the only one who has paid $8-12 to send $100 to family in need and is glad to see bitcoin introduce some needed competition by leveling the playing field a little bit.
If this went on for days and weeks, sure, if there was only hateful bashing, sure. But I've seen just a few threads the past few days, all in good spirit with a good bit of humor. This is reddit, such behavior is not unique to this community and it's nothing new, it's been this way since the start, don't see why it's suddenly changed for you. If you just want serious news, follow TBI or Coindesk or something. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 11:48:50
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:41:41
BTC-E reminds me a bit of Liberty Reserve.
By the way, you being downvoted for this factual comment about the sentiment that some people have is ridiculous and probably testament to the fact that BTC-E is liked by shady ass people who aren't even comfortable with basic truthful statements of 'some people being worried'. Haha.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:01:46
I don't get it either. None of the ideas seem to require mining.
@_date: 2014-07-05 11:22:43
How do you know this?
Note, I'm a big critic of cloudhashing and third-party mining and I certainly wouldn't be surprised, but I need numbers or proof to believe something.
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:45:25
Some do. Bitstamp did one. Bitcoin-Central is working on one. Kraken is releasing the results of one next week. Coinbase did a limited one.
Proof of ownership is only a small part of auditing, there's a lot more to it. If you have no audit of business processes, audits of employees, audits of fiat currency, audits of regulatory compliance, 0% fractional reserve doesn't mean anything. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 20:28:51
I like it, but I wouldn't personally be comfortable sending students free money unless there's at least a big concerted effort to educate people, stimulate bitcoin initiatives, build local products and services etc. Else you'll just see people cashing out en masse. 
What MIT is doing is great however, there's a real chance for people to understand and immediately be able to either build or use, in other words, participate in a local bitcoin ecosystem. That's extremely vital. Without it, it's still useful, sure, but it'd be a very expensive way to drive adoption I think. It's like asking 0.5% of the population in 1993 that had internet to pay for other people's internet connections, with these people not knowing anything about the internet or have any local use for it, yet be able to then sell their internet connection straight away for real money, and these people are broke students no less. It just doesn't make much sense without the education and the local ecosystem being built, too.
So I really like your idea. I guess at the end, once you get like $100k in the fund, people can start to propose ideas on the website and request the funds to be released to them. And the people who donated have a multi-sig right to 'vote' on these ideas proportional to their donation. People would then hopefully vote for those projects ran by reputable, involved members of the university, either a passionate professor or student who already runs a bitcoin club.
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:32:09
@_date: 2014-02-28 13:06:11
- 2014 will be the year where parties have the right licenses to allow legal institutional investments.
- 2014 will be the year where users shift from bad apples like Mt. Gox to properly ran VC-funded companies in major numbers.
- 2014 will be the year where ordinary users can safely buy bitcoin from ATMs and services like ZipZap (buy bitcoin in tens of thousands of stores as if you're buying a pack of gum) instead of wiring money to unaccountable (foreign) companies with no audits, license, proper security etc.
- 2014 will be the year where transaction fees are slashed by 10x
- 2014 will be the year where payment processors launch the ability to pay employees in bitcoin, creating a bitcoin ecosystem that doesn't require exchanges
- 2014 will be the year that wallet security and user-friendliness will tremendously improve as the core team works to abstract bitcoin addresses and standardize wallet formats, allowing you to send money without a scary long list of symbols and import/export your wallet to any other *type* of bitcoin wallet
etc etc. Thanks for asking. I'd like to write an article on this with full sources for all this. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:21:16
The notion that Mark secretly does have the coins is pretty ridiculous.
- First of all, why? To get rich? Mark didn't need it. Mt. Gox has a 30-day volume of 1 billion dollars. It was the biggest brand in Bitcoin. The company had plans and opportunities to hugely scale. Hell, he could sell it and never work a day in his life. That's a fact. 
- Second, why not? Losing hundreds of thousands of people's money means a few things: a large number of people will hate and resent him for the rest of his life. He will have criminal charges made against him in various countries. Every major news organisation has his name in their archives in stories about how incompetent and fraudulent he and his company were. He might need to fear for his life. He might go to jail for a long time, he might be deported. And finally, he loses all of his legitimate wealth in exchange for illegitimate wealth, all eyes being on the blockchain, making any luxurious lifestyle he might ever enjoy extremely suspicious.
I don't see the point. For him to steal people's money in broad daylight would require him to be an irrational psychopath. You can say a lot about him, but we have yet to hear anyone make those allegations. Let's not forget he was widely known in the community and has many friends and contacts who have distanced themselves from him but nobody has mentioned anything like this.
@_date: 2015-05-27 18:23:32
If you want to think about these issues I think a very good analogy is US (or any country's, for that matter) politics in the context of grand changes.
How does that work? At best just through congress. At worst you need to make a constitutional change, which is even more difficult.
And we all know how effective, innovative and fast congress is. Not for lack of good ideas, they're being supplied with plenty of ideas. But it becomes really difficult to get things done. Bitcoin is like that, and it only gets more and more difficult as we invite more parties who all see it their own way. Before bitcoin gets politicised too much, before it gets so large that you create big issues for an entire industry everytime you want to do a hard fork, you need to get the basics down.
And some minimum block size that grows annually at a slightly slower than moore's law rate, is one of those basics.
@_date: 2014-05-14 08:54:27


Never said that.


It's pretty clear, there are lots of human rights issues with the entire sex-exploitation tourist scene and this is part of it. Many neutral organisations have reported on this.


It's literally putting you in the top 0.75% of the world economy, and it's 10x the median income in Thailand. (median, not medium, there's a difference.) Now you may say it's not a lot, that's up to you, I never did, but you can hardly say it's meager.


And that's the only point I made, 6 BTC is not meager. Meager makes it sound like you're living on very very little, meager means you rent a small place, you never party, have nothing left at the end of the month.
@_date: 2014-07-08 17:54:52
Well no, bitcoin is technology like email and the internet is. Plenty of people understand how it works and build cool stuff, like gmail and reddit. And way more people haven't a clue how it works, and use gmail and reddit. You don't need to understand it to use it or appreciate its utility.
But if you really want to build a bitcoin company for example, sure you'd need to either know how the tech works or at least partner up with someone who does, in the same way not anyone can just go and build gmail and reddit. 
So for example my brother has several bitcoins and bought some takeaway online and some electronics but he only recently got a smartphone, doesnt use facebook or anything... he's like one of those 'use computers for email and ms word' type of guys. He doesnt have a clue how it works, but he can appreciate the beauty of a global borderless network to transfer value, just like skype transfers voice and video without borders for free globally for example.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:33:31
Thanks, not sure where I got the k from...
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:48:43
Great start, but not very powerful if used for persuasion without real-life use cases, anecdotes, examples, analogies etc. Try to incorporate these for each point.
For example when you say 'low-cost', my father says 'who cares?'. He's used to paying 0 fees when paying in a store or online. 
But if you explain the poorest of the world pay 9% in fees to receive money from *family* to pay for medical care (a popular reason for remittance), he'll understand why low-cost is so important. 
If you explain e-commerce giant Amazon had 0.4% profit margins in 2013 and pays 2% on creditcard payments, he understands a 1% fee for bitcoin payments can easily triple their bottom-line profits which is massive.
It's what makes the difference. Great effort!
@_date: 2014-07-16 14:15:42
And For any information you can't find here.
@_date: 2014-10-01 00:13:49
Contact Bitpay or Coinbase. I'd personally go with the former. They'll tell you how.
The basic idea is that you'll run a merchant app on your phone or tablet or on your computer at your rental. The customer comes in, you type in the amount they need to pay (in dollars, if you want) say on your phone, they take their phone and send you the equivalent bitcoins which bitpay automatically converts. Bitpay's app sees the bitcoin and converts it to dollars (if you want) and pays it out to your bank account the same day. That's about it. The fees are generally gonna be 0.  
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:01:39
Sure but, comparing it to our current economic system, things like cash for old cell phone programs are an extremely trivial source of money supply. Most money is circulated in entirely different ways, the core probably being this circulation of consumer payments to merchants, merchants to suppliers &amp; employees. We're seeing the first bit rapidly growing (Bitpay looks to do about half a billion in payment processing in 2014, Coinbase probably has similar numbers and they grow their user/merchant base by about 10-15% month-over-month). The latter (merchant to supplier/employees) is growing a lot slower, but I expect it to catch on very quickly suddenly, particularly when the price stabilizes for long periods of time (congressional hearings or Mt. Gox like collapses are the main cause of volatility, and we'll see less of those big events over time as governments decide and as companies professionalize). Once the price is more stable and once financial instruments like risk-hedging are created (we're already seeing this happen on a small scale), it makes more sense to hold bitcoin which means it can be used for B2B payments, too, as well as to pay employees. This latter part also requires wage-payment processing services which are not very solid right now, but multiple companies inc. Bitpay are working on it. So I definitely see this circulation working itself out in the long run.
I'm also seeing a lot of easy automated purchases though, which allows you to sort of mimic 'earning bitcoin' before companies pay out bitcoin directly. With Coinbase for example, it's quite easy to set up automated purchases say on the day you get your paycheck. And companies outside the US are looking to do the same thing. We're also seeing a shitton of services that allow people to send bitcoin over mail, twitter, facebook, sms. So I expect this to explode too, once you get enough merchants on board and some really user-friendly wallets. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 14:10:16
Doubt it, haven't seen such evidence. Bitcoin is still pretty nascent, to be honest. But this will absolutely happen at some point. Academics have tried and succeeded, no reason the IRS can't at some point. Once the financial incentives are great enough, they will. But right now? Haven't heard of it.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:15:59
Edit why the fuck are people downvoting this? Very sad.
Could someone actually address some of these points. Some are kind of bs. (e.g. shifting from pioneers to cult members, the opposite happened). But some absolutely need to be addressed. I'll make a quick try.
* Nobody settles in bitcoin, that's true. (overstock is in a small way by the way). Coinbase is also working on a method allowing users to instantly buy back BTC after a purchase. Also, volatility trends down and drops every year and bitcoin still trends up, making it likely more companies will settle in bitcoin in future like Overstock.
* The foundation doesn't seem to hurt bitcoin at the moment, it seems to do more good than bad. I agree, it needs to be improved, but it's fundamentally seperate from bitcoin. You can make your own foundation, nobody elected them. They need governance improvements, for sure, but I don't think it's a long term threat to bitcoin at all.
* Transaction fees are really high at the moment, that's true. But they are set to be slashed by 10 in the next release. After that, they will float. Bitcoin also allows off-chain transactions which would severely reduce fees. (e.g. Coinbase allows users to make payments through internal accounting, then balances the books with the blockchain every hour. Meaning if 1 million transactions are made that hour, fees are only paid for one transaction). Fees are very competitive and will become moreso.
* ATMs have an insane 7-8% markup fee, that's absolutely true. But this is also the first month we've actually seen ATMs hit a few major cities. The fees will be driven down due to competition, and increasing liquidity. Palm scans are actually not intrusive because they can't be stolen and then used e.g. to obtain your bank/insurance etc type data like other IDs can. It's also not inherent to bitcoin, but inherent to KYC regulation.
* Bitcoin liquidity is as bad or worse than 1 year ago, I think clearly false. Any sources for this? We've never had this much exchange volume, this many exchanges, as many localbitcoiners, as much market cap compared to 1 year ago. Again, trending up.
* Good news momentum has not stalled at all. I'm seeing crazy amounts of good news, check Coindesk daily/weekly and check some innovations of the main BTC companies. Overstock/Tiger brought bitcoin to new highs, other news caused it to drop. In any case, it's still steady and way up compared to your Spring 2013 benchmark.
* Cult stuff is nonsense. Just compare bitcointalk in 2012-2013. Back then a lot of people were trying to pump and dump lots of altcoins, trying to get rich quick with bitcoin. Now we're seeing more mainstream usercases as payment processors and merchants do their job.
* Can you source early adopters fleeing developed countries or death-threats happening? I think the opposite is also clear, a huge smear campaign of bitcoin. In any case I'm seeing some very reputable people arrive who are very vocal about bitcoin that weren't nearly as vocal or known a year ago. (e.g. fred ehrsam or marc andreessen). There are way more trustworthy businesses and individuals now, dozens of which were VC funded by known and reputable investors and industry leaders. The difference from a few years ago can't be overstated.
* We're seeing multiple exchanges serving customers anywhere in the world with a very strong price consensus and consistently high volume despite very difficult regulatory/banking environments. It's not where it should be, but way better than a year (or two) ago. Bitstamp, Bitfinex, Kraken, Bitcoin-Central, Huobi, BTCE etc. Again not perfect but miles ahead of any date in the past.
* None of the fancy youtube videos promised anything tomorrow. Many are still in development and the bitcoin protocol is far better off than a few year ago. It's an accurate point, but it's like looking at the Internet when hundreds of massive companies went belly up and loads of innovations did not materialize. It's inherent to every innovation. Fact is, we've seen more good than bad and most and none of the innovations failed because the concept was flawed, they're in progress. That's important.
* Agreed, bitcoin companies need *much* more transparency in my opinion. But again, the trend is up, not down. Multiple companies have done audits or announced audits recently. And multiple people have called for and presented cryptographic solutions to do audits that give transparency far exceeding our traditional banking system. These things are being worked on and done more than ever. 
* Actually, the bitcoin payment protocol is an effort to standerdize the protocol. But again, the beauty is that it's a decentralized innovation. Everyone can fork it and use it how they want. This isn't a bad thing, protocol development is going quite well.
* Coin prices being set by a tiny fraction is nonsense. Remember, the other 99% of the people who did not sell their coins on an exchange that day must thereby agree that their bitcoin is worth more than the current price. Just because a percentage of coins isn't traded does not mean their owners don't make concious decisions to trade them or not. Not-trading is a very valid way to 'set' the price. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:22:42
No list afaik. Try asking Mollie. Also, you can google for merchants accepting mollie in general and see if they accept it, and if not, ask them to open their merchant dashboard and press a button. (it's that simple).
Another interesting fact, new merchant will have the option enabled automatically. Only existing merchants have to make a choice to turn it on (and in 24% about 2% did so far). But it's literally the best option in terms of cost, and it's risk-free and effort-free, so I think more will follow fast.
@_date: 2014-10-12 21:04:48
Yup. We've currently got a multi-signature bet kindly set up by BashCo with Bitpay's Copay. Works really well and Copay looks really slick (although there's definitely room for improvement).
Check it out here if you want.
@_date: 2014-05-17 00:25:05
If that was their only choice, perhaps, but it's not. 
Firstly, it's quite obvious most bitcoin businesses that depend on secure transactions (e.g. Coinbase, Bitpay, Circle, Gyft, Overstock.com etc) are not mining or investing any money in mining hardware or network security. So the argument doesn't work in practice.
Secondly, if they merely need to use ACH or creditcards they can transfer $100m without having to spend on preventing anyone from stealing their money by double-spend fraud. They have a choice of not having to spend $101m on securing a $100m transaction at all.
And lastly, it'd be a silly thing to do, even if they didn't have a choice. After all, nobody is going to spend $101m to secure a $100m transaction. You lose 1m. That's an easy way to go broke. You'd rather not make the transaction at all, at least not with bitcoin especially when you have an alternative to bitcoin. 
The only way a $100m transaction will be secured is if there are adequate mining rewards to incentivize enough miners so that it's pretty expensive to try to defraud that 100m transaction. As mining rewards are a combination of tx fees and block rewards, and the latter goes down every 4 years, the former has to scale up.
In other words, it's an unrealistic way to expect the bitcoin ecosystem to stay secure if total tx fees don't scale while block rewards go down.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:41:49
What I'm saying is, there is no way BTC-E can continue being anonymous, ignore compliance and do 1billion in volume annually (rapidly growing), for five years without being shut down. Liberty Reserve is a great example. These things attract criminals.
I'm not saying they were supposed to have shut down last year or tomorrow, but I'm saying whatever they're doing is not sustainable. I hope you can agree with that. 
It's not about countries actively trying to fuck you up. Whenever a party allows another party to ship potentially huge amounts of money anonymously while the entire world has adopted regulations to prevent that from happening, you're going to run into trouble at some point. That's not 'countries trying to fuck you up', that's countries abiding by internationally agreed on legal standards of how value is moved around, it's that simple. No conspiracy or anything.
Everything you're saying could be said about Silk Road 6 months before it shut down. "Sure, Silk Road is anonymous and doesn't comply with basic regulation anywhere in the world, but there are still countries that don't actively try to fuck it up, and besides, if anyone wanted to shut it down, they would have already, right?" Let's get real here. BTC-E is extremely risky and better alternatives exist.
@_date: 2014-07-29 19:36:03
It's not speculative, at some point it will happen.
That is, in some of the final years of bitcoin when the supply isn't zero, it's annual inflation will be 0.00000001%. That's LESS than a millionth of a single percent.
In fact, as long as someone loses a satoshi more than 0.0021 bitcoins (about 1 dollar by today's prices) a year, the 'real' monetary base is actually shrinking, despite new bitcoins being mined. To say 0.0021 bitcoin or the equivalent of $1 today won't be lost by someone worldwide is a pretty easy bet.
In fact, in my lifetime the bitcoin supply will drop below 0.0002% per year, or about 40 bitcoins per year. I think it's pretty safe to say, the global population is more likely than not to, together, lose 40 bitcoins combined every 12 months.
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:33:08
Because bitcoin easily opens you up to a global financial ecosystem. For example, Bitreserve and Coinapult allow you to lock in your money against the dollar or euro or gold or oil or whatever. This means that even if you don't like bitcoin as a currency, you can still use it as an easy store of value in very low-volatility and low-inflation currencies. That is possible today.
Secondly there's the longer-term. It's likely that once bitcoin has a large userbase and is here to stay and you have professional exchanges instead of exchanges that get hacked every other day etc, and when its inflation drops to 1% (it's currently 10x this amount), the volatility will drop to reasonable levels. There's nothing that inherently says that bitcoin is supposed to be volatile, it's volatile because its market (users) is volatile, its environment (regulation) is volatile, its fuck ups (hackings) are volatile etc, but these are all issues that largely get solved as time goes by. In fact volatility has dropped every single year of bitcoin's existence and is still dropping. It's a startup problem really, just like Facebook was once worth $0.1 billion and is now worth more than $200 billion, but will never ever again increase 2.000x in value in 8 years or so. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:58:32
Feel free to read the comments for some user experiences, too.
As for Russia, how do you know? Perhaps I shouldn't have said they were in Russia without saying 'probably', there's no hard evidence. But, the domain name has been tied to owners and service providers located in Russia. The notion that they're located in Russia is pretty popular, would be happy to see evidence stating otherwise.
In any case, it's irrelevant because any country it *is* located in is likely a better partner to e.g. the US than Russia is, anyway, meaning if BTC-E is not located in Russia, it's probably even more at risk than we thought.
@_date: 2014-04-27 14:20:47
the random capital letters are pretty silly
@_date: 2014-08-04 09:14:26
No. Cards hold nothing. They're just chips that connect to an account. Xapo's card is a VISA card so it connects to a USD/GBP/EURO etc bank account, probably Xapo's. But Xapo will only authenticate a transaction if the user has enough bitcoin in their wallet, and will remove the equivalent bitcoin value when you pay.
@_date: 2014-05-19 22:00:07
Bitcoin has the potential to replace portions of interchange fees. So it's feasible that in 5 years, say 5% of creditcard transactions online will happen in Bitcoin. And that'll grow over time. So I think this industry has potential job losses.
Another is remittance. The average remittance fee is 9% or so right now. Bitcoin transactions can be near free, even with all kinds of legal and infrastructure costs, it's pretty 'easy' to out-compete against 9% fees. So I think the remittance industry has potential job losses, too.
Accountants are hugely important as always. I think a lot of accounting will be further automated, which becomes easier with digital currencies like bitcoin, as digital things (data) is easy to compute. But many of the top accountants these days are actually accountancy consultants who barely actually calculate anything anymore. And consultancy will likely stay very important. I don't think bitcoin will immediately effect this area, although some have talked about bitcoin's triple accounting system, these are very long-term ideas.
Bank tellers aren't very common anymore and will go away even if bitcoin doesn't catch on! :)
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:31:17
Whatever you do, reach out to the ATM association. Canada surely has one. Reach out to bitcoin ATM holders, there's a number of them who've made their contact details public. And reach out to the actual ATM providers, generally they've got a ton of information about your questions and can also put you in touch with other ATM holders who are willing to be contacted in Canada.
Reddit is great but in your particular case I think there's better sources more easily available.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:17:43
I think the idea is this: if Kraken's company bank account is seized, all of the user funds will be seized too, because kraken keeps customer funds in a bank account in name of the company. They may have two bank accounts, one for customer funds, one for operations, but they're both legally owned by the company.
I'm not sure but I think bitcoin-central actually has a partnership with a French bank who keeps customer funds in individual customer accounts. So even if BC goes bankrupt or is seized, the customer funds would not be part of this because they're legally separate and held by the users.
Normally this wouldn't be a problem. Many stockbrokers hold customer funds in their corporate bank accounts. BUT, they have the proper licenses. Kraken, while eager to comply with all law (they have a great legal team that do lots of lobbying, conferences etc, too) the regulatory environment is uncertain. So this is a risk.
@_date: 2014-10-28 03:13:28
That's as far as I know, the only way. Only wait in or out is bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 12:53:39
Great work guys, biggest newspaper in my country reports this story pretty much as if it's fact.
Again this is complete speculation, just like every other theory. Just because it's plausible doesn't mean it's fucking PROOF. This might as well be some ugly API mechanism to batch transactions in a horrible way.
But hey, just another fucked up story from Mt. Gox taking the headlines months after the fact. Who cares about scaring everyone away.
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:08:47
Yeah... strange indeed. I tried some other things like lowercase/uppercase. SHA256 is of course very sensitive, 1 different character means a whole different hash, but I can't reproduce the numbers on the wiki in any way on any website so far. But I've done this walkthrough before :-/
@_date: 2014-04-19 13:36:49
For anyone who is reading this, blockchain.info is known to produce bad information pretty much on a weekly basis. While this generally happens to a very tiny fraction of transactions/blocks, they alone could indicate a weakness in the system so it tends to freak people out nonetheless. So far, these things pretty much always turn out to be harmless.
So stay vigilant, just know that blockchain.info is not new to providing some bad data.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:49:59
Yes although I don't like to say it, because it makes it appear as something inherently bad, as there's another 'money is debt' notion which is that central banks create money out of thin air because banks borrow it, then lend it out that debt-money to individuals who have to pay interest on something others can create out of nothing, while in the process flooding the economy with so much magic money that currencies typically lose 95-99% of their value every century. That's problematic, but it's a completely different story from using a fixed amount of tokens as tokens of debt.
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:27:20
This. They'd still be liable for all the money up till now (like 40-50k probably?) and another 6 months (60k). The fact they never said 'look at this clause, I can cancel, let's cancel now, I'll pay you for 6 more months and then it's over' shows it's just a ploy to wrangle themselves out of the contract.
@_date: 2014-05-16 23:01:17
Hehe yeah, funnily enough for 20 years! But it hasn't been the case for decades -- the code part, some bases still huge the floppies, they're essentially air-gapped 'cold storage!' :)
@_date: 2014-06-30 21:26:44
It makes a bit of sense. Pre summer 2013 bitcoin wasn't in the public eye yet. It wasn't discussed pretty much daily on TV on some channel. Big companies didn't exist or had small teams. e.g. BitPay grew from like 6 to 40 people in the past 6 months. Kraken.com that holds 50% exchange share of the world's largest economy (Europe) hadn't launched yet until December or so. There was absolutely no regulation or any indication of government's position. etc etc.
Then 2013 happened and bitcoin went from $80m market cap to $8 billion within a year or so. 
It's difficult to imagine the same kind of insane price increase again. Bitcoin is VERY much top-of-mind right now in tech and finance. Not everyone believes in it, far from it, but it's very much top of mind. It's likely we'll see a gradual maturation of bitcoin companies, actual usage, a bit of wall street investment. But taking bitcoin from $8b to $0.8 trillion, the type of growth 2013 did, isn't like to happen overnight. 
Anyway I'm not saying I agree with him, but there's various ideas and notions to reason from to say that a next price hike won't happen 3 months from now, but that it also won't take years and years. So late 2015 isn't that crazy. Who knows. Nobody for certain, that's for sure.
@_date: 2015-01-07 15:56:05
Yes he did, multiple times and also on video. His story seemed to check out last I checked. He spoke the truth completely, didn't know of impending problems (and lost a LOT of money because of this. i.e. he didn't lie for personal benefit, he was wrong and lost more because of it than most). Regardless, he did apologize, just like say Andreas Antonopolous said he made mistakes and was wrong about Neo &amp; Bee (for which he did some consultancy), even though he wasn't either in any case responsible.
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:06:35
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:02:18
He said there isn't any fee in their conversion rate very explicitly.
Now you can call him a liar because you assume a company will always directly charge fees, but you only need to look at Google Search, Android, Youtube, Gmail, Chrome, Facebook, Skype etc to see why that doesn't have to be true.
There's no evidence of them making revenue in the spread and they've explicitly said they don't do it. So again, you can call them a liar, but at least provide evidence. I'm assuming they're not lying about this particular thing until I see reason to believe otherwise.
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:37:35
Which in large part is true, by the way. A lot of people who buy hardware indeed don't make money. And a lot of hardware developers indeed run their own machines. 
But no, it's not the exact same model. There still is some room for selling hardware because hardware manufacturers might not be good at running the hardware, maintaining it, getting access to cheap electricity etc. That's why instead of bearing the risk of all those factors, they simply sell the hardware and focus on their core competency: manufacturing.
But none of that applies for cloud mining because it includes all costs already. They do maintenance, get the cheapest electricity, get the cheapest hardware, and then obviously make a profit, to then give that profit away is silly. They either run unprofitable machines that you pay for, or they run profitable machines and keep the profits.
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:11:51
I've asked around a bit and searched and I can't find a source. 
Coupled with the fact this website looks like shit (is the CSS not loading for me, or what?), the facts don't seem to appear anywhere else, and it was written by an author named Bingo Boingo, doesn't link to any of the social media sources it talks about (nor does a google search expose anything like it), it doesn't seem terribly convincing that they just laid off like 15-20% of their workforce, half a year after going from $3m to $30m in funding and opening multiple new offices.
If it is true, it's probably to ditch some of their earlier employees and hire some top engineers. We mustn't forget Bitpay was started in 2011, a time when bitcoin was in many ways one big joke and when you had Mark Karpeles type employees (in terms of engineering expertise). Now they went up to $30m in funding and have lots of different projects in the pipeline and in beta, doesn't sound like they'd want to shed weight for the sake of conserving a bit of money. It's venture capital, after all. 
But who knows we'll see. Hope to actually see some decent reporting on this. They end their article with 'we haven't reached out to Bitpay yet'. Kind of amateur-hour journalism, the least you can do is take 5 minutes to reach out to verify a story, add to the story, get some context etc. That's what journalism is all about, not rehashing some rumors on social media and calling it a day.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:18:28
Thank you for the public service announcement. You're a moron if you keep your coin at BTC-E. After all, IT IS JUST NOT NECESSARY, and they are anonymous.
Imagine Mark K was anonymous, you didn't know where he lived, what he looked like, or anything meaningful about his shady banking partner. If that doesn't change your mind...
@_date: 2015-01-29 10:19:16
Because it's 9/10 times a disingenuous tool. It's never really about anti-terrorism. 
This image should do well  to explain it:
It's like 'play the state lottery to fund education, your ticket supports kids'. Yes, it may be true, but it's just a trick to get you to literally give away money for a struck-by-lightning chance to get a lot more in return without feeling the sadness and realization that it was a bs swindling scam because hey, it's the state and you're funding education.
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:57:44
Well I think it's a good investment personally. I'd only discourage from investing for two reasons. 
1) you can't afford it. If you have $5k in your account, make $2k a month and have $1800 a month in bills, you can afford $50 of bitcoin. You can't afford to drop the $3k, cause if anything happens to you you're fucked. But you say it's a small percentage of his net worth, all good then.
2) If you just don't get what you're investing in. Even if I thought it was awesome, that should never be someone else's reason. Which is why I never encourage an investment on the basis of someone else's opinion, even my own. We may share the same opinion, sure, but he has to understand what bitcoin is and why it's valuable.
And him saying the US dollar is collapsing soon, tells me he's overstating the value of bitcoin to quite an extreme extent. I don't see that happening anytime soon. Hell, if it did I wouldn't be buying bitcoin, I'd be trying to buy a bomb shelter on a peaceful island. I'm a big fan of bitcoin and an investor in it, but I absolutely do not see the dollar going anywhere anytime soon, despite the tons of criticisms I have about the US and its economy.
SecondMarket is awesome, but they start at $25k as far as I know. Still might be worth a phone call.
Also, don't buy all at once, just don't test the water with two feet that's all. Buy slow, bitcoin isn't going to go up by 100x in value in the next two months, so buy $1250 per week at most, or just buy $1k per month and see where your investment goes. Also a great way to test security.
Coinbase is a reputable business, if you don't mind paying 1%, buy it from them and put it in their cold-storage vault. Contact their support if you need any help with that. I normally don't suggest Coinbase because of the 1% fee, which isn't fun if you're trying to get a discount on a bitcoin purchase. But if you're purely buying to invest, just consider that bitcoin can go up in value by 100x over the next 20-30 years or so. Meaning that saving $100 on his $10k investment doesn't mean much if that means he has easy security of his investment that might go to $1m during the remainder of his life. Coinbase has a great 'cold storage vault', which is so secure that they've been able to get a reputable third-party insurer for this vault included in that 1% fee meaning you're covered. Xapo is a similar concept as Coinbase with a vault and insurance, look into them, too.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:41:41
Yes they can for many purposes. They do it all the time. Apple knows exactly how many clicks an average home button lasts on the iPhone and design and manufacture for certain targets. If you have a fridge that has to authenticate every day and has a lifetime of 15 years (before a repairman sends it some satoshis if necessary), you need a tiny fraction of a penny loaded up.
Now I'll grant you that not every usecase can be perfectly planned. But guess what, just the same you can't anticipate the mining difficulty. You can't guarantee that your device can still generate satoshis in 4 years, imagine they put mining hardware of 2010 in your smartphone and now it didn't work because mining difficulty grew by a factor of a billion or whatever it is.
No, it makes much more sense to load up the device first, and have an option to load it up later, than to mine on it. 
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:48:46
The transaction fee is so stupid. Why would they do this?
I'm not saying stupid in the sense like 'I don't like it when Apple charges me $800 for for $250 of phone hardware', they can get away with that. I mean stupid in the sense of 'it's costing you money, it's really stupid business practice'. 
There's two factors, one is that they charge say a $6 fee for CC transactions and pay a similar rate (e.g. a typical flight might be $150, and they paid 3% fees, pretty close). And when they do a bitcoin tx they'll pay maybe $1, but still charge $6. In other words, they don't give the customer any reason to choose the option that gives them the most profit.
And secondly there's just the notion of extra customers. Bitcoin customers at this point are extremely loyal, so the fact you spit in their face (because a big part of bitcoin's spirit right now is low or no fees) doesn't help to gain extra customer base here.
@_date: 2015-01-22 12:54:02
Did he say bitcoin isn't it, or that it's not the only necessary thing that'll solve everything?
I wrote a bit about the quick statements I saw him make (which loosely implied that he sees bitcoin as part of the solution and is open to the idea of other solutions being built on top of bitcoin):
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:38:54
Wait what? You're saying you buy bitcoin from them and store it with them but they actually just store dollars for you? Where is the evidence for this? You're just making this up. Not only is there no evidence and have they always said to store bitcoin directly. 
Not only this but it makes absolutely no sense to do this because **they are not an investment fund**. Their business isn't to speculate on the bitcoin price. If they had, they'd lose money everytime the price goes up (and guess what, you don't build your career on building a bitcoin company without expecting the price to go up in the span of a decade). If you buy $100 of bitcoin and they store it as $100 instead of as $100 worth of bitcoin, then once the price goes up by 100% they now have a $200 liability but only $100 of bitcoin. It's the fastest way to go broke and bankrupt your company and it's completely inconsistent with their success since 2012 (1000x + price increase since then), their story or investor faith.
And this system can function just fine with insurance, I don't see how that's a problem?
Anyway I'm done, we can speculate all day but I'd rather see some evidence before we make accustations. Even without evidence at least make it plausible, the story isn't even plausible.
And lastly again if you don't trust em yet like to use Coinbase, use their multi-sig wallet. You can own your own keys and audit your own stash on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-01-01 16:49:48
You want Rushwallet. Runs on your phone, laptop, tablet, television, whatever if it's got a browser you're good.
@_date: 2015-01-21 12:01:05
For perspective, Visa's 40-50k peak translates to about 2-3k average. 
The notion that bitcoin can do over 100k transactions on average in one generation from now, bundled with things like sidechains (incoming) and offchains (e.g. changetip) means we're set for the future from a tech point of view.
@_date: 2015-01-22 12:41:57
I think that's quite a fair assessment: not everyone will want to use a non-reversible 'you fuck up, you're outa luck' system. And that's okay. And it's completely compatible with an economy built on top of the bitcoin protocol. Note that things like reversible transactions can be built on top of bitcoin. Just look at Changetip, they could reverse tips anytime they want, for example, but it's still built on top of bitcoin.
Same with volatility. Well for one, let's ignore the first few years of 50%, 25%, and today around 11% inflation, with no regulatory certainty in various countries, a fast growing ecosystem etc. You can't speak on long-term volatility by taking samples from the situation I just described. But if we look at inflation it's set to be near zero within a few decades while completely predictable, it's volatility will likely be a lot better than the vast majority of currencies out there that are crap. (I'm only comfortable holding maybe 10ish currencies? Most are quite bad). So already this is a step up for the majority of the world's population. But more importantly, we are already seeing companies like Bitreserve that offer financial services of sending and receiving money using bitcoin but without the volatility of bitcoin. You simply keep your money in dollars or euros or gold. It means you can get digital money, mobile money, to anyone, powered by bitcoin with the volatility of stable dominant currencies, and the speed and low fees of bitcoin using its network.
In other words, when Bill Gates says 'bitcoin alone is not enough' I agree. Just like 'TCP/IP' is not enough. You actually need companies that e.g. build a freaking browser like Firefox to even browse the web over TCP/IP, Skype to videoconference/call over TCP/IP, Email clients like Gmail to read email data over TCP/IP (and its email protocols) etc. The protocol is not enough. But that doesn't mean the protocol is not part of the solution.
In other words it seems to me Bill Gates is quite right and in saying 'we need to draw on the revolution of Bitcoin' I see him open to the idea that the bitcoin protocol will power many of the services and businesses that we will also need to get financial services to billions of people.
Good stuff.
@_date: 2014-10-04 14:50:37


Indeed, I'm with you. I think it's interesting to look at the 'ease' and the 'use' though, it's sadly very poorly matched. I'll explain what I mean to anyone who can be bothered :p
In countries where bitcoin has marginal consumer benefits, acquiring bitcoin has become a lot easier, and there's a decent amount of technical awareness (computer-literate population, high internet penetration), bitcoin education (large English-based communities, documentation, journalism, software and guides), evangelizing on corporate media (CNN, Bloomberg etc). These markets are serviced quite comprehensively. I can send free SEPA transactions to multiple exchanges and buy bitcoin cheaply and quickly (Europe). In the US there has been Coinbase, now Circle.
But what are the main consumer benefits? The dollar is relatively stable. Card fees are relatively low and on the merchant side. Deposits are FDIC insured up to $250k. Payments online for consumers happen instantly, with fraud protections. Online and in stores payments are already relatively frictionless.
Unless you count influence in monetary and foreign policy by disassociation from the federal banking system a consumer benefit, it's all pretty marginal. 
Then there's places where access to bitcoin is limited. These people receive 10% less on their remittance (which consist of huge chunks of the national economy. e.g. Nepal and Haiti's remittance shares of GDP are 25% and 20% respectively. 
M-Pesa, which is hailed as a huge breakthrough success, costs between 6% and 12% (2013) to send &amp; receive any amount between $6 and $11 (very common). That's what a breakthrough success looks like. Billions are unbanked and have no access to basic financial services like safe storage of value, lending, cross-village/border money transfer etc. 
Argentina has defaulted on its debt seven times, it's insane. 600 currencies in history have failed, and multiple countries today face inflation over 15%. Argentina isn't even the worst at 39%, Sudan and Venezuela go up to 60%. These three alone with an average inflation of 45% represent 110 million individuals.
But most of these markets are partially or completely unserved by the current bitcoin ecosystem. So I think that's one of the leading issues we have right now. Bitcoin's looking pretty brilliant in the places where it's impact is pretty small, and it's almost non-existent in the places where it could have a huge impact.
Anyway, I'm definitely looking forward to bitcoin black friday. If merchants really experience 2-3% fees and 1-2% fraud costs, and experience 30-day payments from their processor, I think it makes sense to structurally offer 1-5% discounts on bitcoin sales. Not as a promotion, just permanently. With thuisbezorgd we have this, the $1.25 in CC fees they charge aren't there for bitcoin, and as it's like the eBay for takeaway restaurants, saving $1.25 on a $10 pizza delivery is a significant cost saving, and they pass it along to the customer. I really hope we can do a November push to get merchants to understand and appreciate this en masse, and that Coinbase/Bitpay really push the conversation with their large merchants. At that point, combining Circle with structural discounts, we may see some momentum from mainstream consumers. Getting a 2% discount on a $1000 Macbook is worth considering. And beyond that, I really hope we can see some non-OECD countries get service. I'd love to see BitPesa's charts for 2014 in a few months, and I hope we'll get one for the Phillipines. They have an exchange, we have Circle, and it's a leading remittance corridor. Let's make that happen.
@_date: 2014-07-10 16:30:46
Ouch that's crap
@_date: 2015-01-12 03:10:52
@_date: 2015-01-04 16:30:58
Riddle me this. You have a money-tree that produces 100 coins in its lifetime and it cost you 95 coins in purchase and maintenance. Now you want to put it on the market. How much will you charge someone?
Will you charge 90 coins? No, obviously not. It cost you 95 coins.
Will you charge 98 coins? No, obviously not, as you forgo 100 coins.
No, you charge anything above 100 coins. And guess what, that means your customer isn't making a profit.
This is how the vast majority of cloud mining works. It's harder to spot, because it depends on different factors like difficulty which is not fixed or set in stone. But underneath all of that, there's a simple model I described above and this model says that generally investing in cloud mining isn't going to earn you any money.
Couple this with 12 months of data on cloud mining, how it has been quite unprofitable for the average investor (the price charts for hash power are there, the charts for bitcoin payout per hashpower is there, you can literally go and read and see how it's been unprofitable over the past year in bitcoins. Not talking about fiat, just talking about investing X bitcoin and getting a fraction of X in return. Check the charts.) And unsurprisingly, it has led to many complaints and many accusations of scamming.
But hey, if you still want to pay more than 100 coins for that money tree that generates only 100 coins, be my guest. I'm offering that investment to anyone, pay me X bitcoin and I'll pay you a fraction of X in return. And guess what, I don't even have to turn on any mining hardware at all. This is how stupid cloud mining is, people literally buy unprofitable investments for X bitcoin that pay out a fraction of X, and it doesn't matter anymore if anyone actually turns on any mining equipment. Cex.io could literally be scamming people without having hashed a single nonce in their lives. Not saying they are, just illustrating how the model works.
@_date: 2015-01-12 06:36:08
Why do I bother?
First of all, what do you think that social media post is? It's a source. You just told me you had no source from social media, despite your website saying 'according to social media posts they laid off nine'.
Secondly, on your website you said there are multiple social media posts according to which 9 were laid off. As if there are all these posts of people saying they're laid off, or about friends who work at Bitpay being laid off. But it turns out there is only one source and it talks about 1 person, not 'multiple postings' talking about nine people being laid off. And even that you somehow don't seem to consider a 'source'.
So yes you're absolutely trolling me with vague and misleading information and a lack of understanding of basic semantics. 
In any case, your story is now that someone told you and you're not willing to say who or give any supporting information that'd make this believable, despite you admitting it's implausible. A proper journalist would cite at least the sources (in his article, not on reddit for crying out loud) that he wants to disclose (like the 'social media post'), and explain to its readers that the other source wishes to remain anonymous. Then said journalist would reach out to the company in question to get some comments to verify the story. This is the typical way it's done, basic stuff.
On top of that you don't care about readers often telling you your website looks like shit and contrary to a regular person, you seem the immature type that goes 'well if a lot of people give me good advice, I'm going to be more and more stubborn and not do it'.
Fine by me. You have the freedom to run your journalism website that way and make it look any way you want, and I'll have and use the freedom to tell you it's not very believable, that your article could use obvious improvements and that your site looks like shit. Just an honest opinion from one of your readers, do with it what you like and the very best :)
Thanks for the chat!
1 upvote
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:26:58


Thanks for the offer in any case, really appreciate it! :) 
@_date: 2014-12-25 20:28:56
Yay, a buzzfeed-like top six article by an SEO guy who is trying to gain clicks to yet-another-bankrate-comparison-website (gobankingrate.com, which is shit, btw), posting rehashed quotes of something completely unfounded that someone said in March.
Move along people. Nothing new.
Oh and about Buffet's comments on bitcoin in March? Total horseshit. Buffet is clearly a very, very, very savvy investor, but his statements were completely unfounded, ignorant and even wrong. But don't take it from me, take it from him: he both said don't invest in something you don't understand, doesn't understand tech, and get this: that he doesn't even have a computer in his office. 
He's great at what he does best, and that's not making comments about technological breakthroughs that are so innovative that they have cryptography &amp; comp. science PhDs like Adam Back excited. Unless he spends some time evaluating it (he's clearly a smart guy), his opinion is literally worthless.
@_date: 2014-05-26 19:49:06
bitaddress.org there's a paper wallet option, that's the easiest solution.
Always test with 0.10 cents first, then $1, then $50 and if you're comfortable, read some more and then some more about security, and then increase your amounts as you wish if you know what you're doing.
Can't give more info atm, bit short on time but there's loads of guides on this, just check out google. But the easiest is just to use bitaddress.org.
@_date: 2014-05-14 16:39:16
What made you think that? I've always said bitcoin grows organically right now, about 10% month-over-month by capturing low-hanging fruit with very little marketing spend, this goes for Coinbase, Bitpay and Blockchain.info, all convering at the 10% monthly rate. Given that number I thought the run-up to $1150 was way too fast and that bitcoin is probably valued closer to $300 today and something like $800 in January 2015. 
But that doesn't mean it's not great news if bitcoin is introduced to 150m users overnight when Paypal accepts it. The more the merrier, I'd say.
I believe in steady organic growth throughout the year, but I also believe that there are some big events that can rapidly increase adoption. Paypal+eBay could potentially cause one such event, they're global companies with millions of users worldwide.
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:53:58
Nothing is free if you can sell it. That's called opportunity cost.
For example, do you consider your own work, free? i.e. would you work 40 hours a week because it's free? No. It has a cost. That cost is an opportunity cost. That opportunity cost is you working for someone else and getting paid $30k or $200k a year or whatever it is for you.
Same with Solar. If you generate it, it has value. Say you generate X amount of energy that people will pay $100 for (yes, most people with solar panels sell surplus electricity back to the grid). If you then choose to use it instead mine $75 of bitcoin, you just lost $25 because you spent $100 of energy on $75 of bitcoin.
Beyond that, there are obvious costs to buy, install and maintain solar, wind etc. Which is why the payback time is usually around 7 years in a good scenario, or 20 years in a bad one.
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:18:59
Look, whatever you want to do in your personal situation is completely fine, no hostility there, it's none of my business and I won't even discuss it.
But making generalizations about bitcoin, its potential, its future, its viability, its chance of success, based on this price swing, is just silly.
Why you ask?
Just take a short moment and peruse through the price history of bitcoin.
Then apply your exact same arguments. Like when the price of bitcoin dropped from $30 to under $3, or from $230 to $70. A time when any of your other metrics were a million times worse than they are today. 
Then ask yourself, why the hell did I buy into a coin that went from $30 to $3, and when it was priced $850 I thought it was a great idea to buy, but when it drops in price less than it did before, suddenly bitcoin is dead and I'm selling? 
If you couldn't afford to invest and take losses beyond this point, fine. But your arguments that bitcoin is dead are ridiculous. 'volatility is broken', 'blockchain is broken', I mean give me a break, are you that unfamiliar with bitcoin? Or Gavin not having belief, you're really just trolling right now. Not only are these simplistic and misguided arguments, but they probably (no offense here, just saying what I assume from your post) wouldn't mean shit if the price hadn't dropped. If the price went to $3k in 2014 you'd happily say 'volatility that made the price go up is part of the game', or that the blockchain is the best thing ever.
Extra info about Gavin:
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:28:53
There is none:
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:25:08
Could you explain the implications of this?
One thing Kraken explicitly mentions is that customer funds are held in a separate account from their operations funds. Any fees they take from customer funds when these customers make trades are transferred to the operations account. Other than this, it's kept completely separate. This means that if their operations go bankrupt, the customer accounts are still 100%. They will never use customer funds to fund their operations.
Given their extremely solid security measures and the above, we can with a high degree of certainty say that there will never be a bank run, never be a fractional reserve. They've also stated in case their relationship with their bank ends they have a legal agreement to be able to wind down their account and return customer funds.
There are is a problem that can occur and while I don't think they will happen, I fully agree that with the limited legal understanding I have of this, it is absolutely a risk. One is that if Payward/Kraken is somehow shut down due to legal issues, their customer account (despite being separate from their operations account) is seized. However, given their hesistance to say no to accepting money in places they don't have a sense of being very legally compliant and the fact they seem to do everything much better than almost everyone, I do really like them.
I saw bitcoin central and recommended it to my brother at the time. I couldn't get verified myself due to only having an EU passport, not an identity card which I don't need in my life for anything else, and they wanted two IDs. This was a while ago, I think I liked them for providing separate bank accounts for every customer held in their name, if I remember correctly. I might come to register with them later.
@_date: 2015-01-03 15:57:10
Crazy... :-/
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:36:42
It is (his)
@_date: 2015-01-08 15:19:19
Another crap web site.
Really, web designers aren't that expensive. There are tons of web design students who'll build something better than this for a few hundred bucks in a week to pay some of their college fees.
Hell, you can buy templates that are a lot better than this for $20. This website isn't even responsive anymore, that's just a joke in 2015.
As for a video that pops up some buttons in Chinese? Don't get me started. I lived in China briefly, loved it, but don't put a freaking Chinese video on bitcoin.com unless it's one of many different videos in different languages, and even then only show it to Chinese IP addresses or people who choose the Chinese version of the website. This is ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:46:27
Oh no it's a bit more nuanced than that.
If I say you stole my wallet yesterday, then I must indeed provide evidence. And if you say 'no I didn't', then that must be accepted you didn't steal my wallet unless:
1) it's very plausible that you stole my wallet. e.g. you were at my house yesterday as only person, and my wallet disappeared right after you left. You're a known thief and hate my guts.
2) I have evidence you stole my wallet.
Now with Coinbase it's not plausible that they're doing something that's not legal, in secret, that's not in their terms of service, that's contrary to what they've said and wasn't an issue for the top firms, investors etc who did their research, or the top guys on their board like Fred Wilson, that's contrary to the philosophy of a large part of their users.
If you then provide absolutely no evidence, then for me it's clear what I'll assume. I'll assume they're not doing this, rather than they do.
I never said that means that means they're certainly not doing this, just that it's unlikely and that there's no reason to assume they do. I'll just quote myself again:


And if you're still not comfortable, again, just use their multi-sig product and keep control yourself.
**To return your point**: Coinbase must provide evidence to prove their innocence against a baseless implausible accusation? In a way, no less, that requires them to provide sensitive business intelligence, and in a way that can easily be gamed? (I can easily do proof of reserve of 2x more money than I actually have). And finally, all of this isn't even required when they already provide a multi-sig product where you have full custody of your own money?
Why this is such a big issue is beyond me.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:55:32
Nah, they're tech guys. They believe in tech, understand tech, come from tech backgrounds, have tech networks.
In short, they can leverage a bitcoin company like Coinbase. They don't just hand a bag of money. They have a department to help with hiring technical people, Fred Wilson will sit on your board they give business advice, Andreesen will market your ass on twitter to his quarter million followers, they'll partner you with their other tech-portfolio companies etc.
Dumping a bag of money into bitcoin just doesn't give them any leverage, anyone can do that. But only few can invest in tech companies the way that they can.
And let's face it: Someone has to invest in companies. If you'd pour $500k into bitcoin in 2011, instead of Bitpay, the price would've jumped from $1 to $5m and Bitpay wouldn't be here today, or any other company that wasn't invested in. And the price would still be $5 and dropped below $1 by now because there weren't any companies pushing adoption, except unfunded ones ran by some kids living in their parent's bedrooms that got hacked every week.
But quite a few of these VCs also invested into bitcoin, let's be clear, just not $100m. Chamath for example is well known, I think he's got like $5m, The wink brothers have tens of millions. And they invest and invested in bitcoin companies, too. Barry both invests in companies and runs a $100m bitcoin fund. 
But we first need companies. If you get $1b in funding that means you get a thousand skilled engineers building awesome products with marketing and legal teams. That means adoption. Once you get adoption and traction, the price will naturally grow due to demand, and then you'll absolutely see investors pour money into bitcoin again and the price will explode once more. But without companies you have no traction, no adoption, no natural growth, and buying bitcoin would just build a small bubble that wouldn't last. 
So current investment focus on companies makes tons of sense.
@_date: 2015-01-04 13:36:10
Yes it could. Torrents work with hashes, so the moment you get a small piece of a file, you can check if it's the right piece (and not garbage data), and then send a reward back. Technically it's less trivial than that, but yeah it could be done.
@_date: 2014-04-17 13:39:01
So bitcoin runs on a network, basically a consensus. If I make a transaction from A to B, I actually tell everyone in the network I just sent A to B. It takes some time for everyone to receive this news. So I could tell half the network I sent money from A to B, and the other half from A to C. 
Only after while the two halves of the network find out the other half of the network is telling them a different transaction happened from the one they heard about. At this point, the bitcoin is double spent. One transaction will be ignored, the other will be mined into a block and put in that blockchain forever. The customer is already gone, and either B or C is left with a blockchain that has no record they ever received bitcoins.
That's why B and C should wait for a block to be mined, or up to 6 blocks for the best security. Once this happens, either one is sure they received the bitcoins.
However, a block only arrives every 10 minutes, so merchants often allow 0 confirmations (no blocks) payments so that the customer doesn't have to wait.
In practice this barely ever happens and there are many ways to secure against this while providing quick payments, but we need to be aware of the possibilities.
@_date: 2014-03-20 16:13:04
Not in a thread talking about how sentiment relates to the price. But yes, you're right.
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:06:48
Love this. Coinbase does this essentially, with an auto-buyback feature... for everyone else (who doesn't run an exchange + wallet), there'd need to be partnerships between wallets and exchanges.
So e.g. a Bitstamp user would either need some API key of a blockchain.info wallet where the only permissions on that API key are querying the balance of all its addresses or of some addresses associated with the spending wallet. And then for Bitstamp to implement that feature to listen and instantly re-buy.
The problems I see are these:
* Lots of partnerships &amp; integration needed. You can't JUST have an exchange implement this and listen to a single bitcoin address, because the wallet might use a lot of different addresses.
* User always needs to have cash deposited with an exchange. That's a bit scary, and it also means there's still a manual transaction involved (wiring fiat to the exchange) which can hardly be automated.
Coinbase is a great exception because they're the wallet, the exchange and can automatically do a pull request to transfer money from a linked bank account. That means there's no need or ability to keep fiat with Coinbase, it can be fully automatic and no partnerships are necessary. But for the rest I think it'd be quite tricky.
@_date: 2015-01-19 19:43:31
In other news: Food industry claims terrorists drink water.
Governments worldwide move to ban the use of water, for the illicit use of a few thousand individuals trumps the beneficial use of billions of civilians.
(Meanwhile said food industry continues to ship drinks to terrorists themselves, including to terrorists, even after having been fined for doing so.)
Replace water with bitcoin and drinks with fiat money and you get the kind of regulatory logic that boggles my mind.
Let's get real here. 
1) you can't ban bitcoin anyway, better keep it legal and build a decent system around it to mitigate damage. (see every other industry, like internet, phones, radio, guns etc, only bitcoin is even less ban-able than most). 
2) terrorism isn't even a threat. You're literally as likely or less likely to die from a refrigerator or tv falling on you and killing you, as from a terror attack. That's not to say it doesn't suck, but it means you can't destroy an entire beneficial technology &amp; industry. It's like banning education because of the chance of a schoolyard bully, the 'solution' is completely out of proportion to the threat, and completely ridiculous as a solution itself.
3) There's been zero evidence ever that bitcoin has been associated with terrorism funding, it's not on the radar. Meanwhile every month over a billion dollars of bitcoin value exchanges hands. 
If some significant percentage of terrorism funding was through bitcoin and you could actually ban bitcoin effectively and terrorism had a huge impact in our daily lives and the majority of bitcoin use was for illicit purposes with no indication of this changing anytime soon, sure, you could make a case to ban it. But none of those boxes are ticked even remotely. Meanwhile we've had extremely recent reports of banks laundering money for terrorism without the use of bitcoin. All of this makes this report look like a joke.
@_date: 2015-01-02 13:31:00
Did you check your email login logs?
@_date: 2015-01-12 08:58:01
Mmm interesting, didn't know OTC was still so big. Thanks for that, I found that post my Shrem. Bit of a mystery why that is. 
This is a bit too speculative for my taste but, just to think out loud for a second, why would Bitpay which has a very solid engineering team, not want to sell directly at exchanges (which they've been known to do in part), when even I (as a single not-so-expert developer) can write some automated trading software in a weekend. As large exchanges have substantial order books it's easily possible to clear trades in seconds, not hours, fully automatically. 
Yet instead they choose to face not unsubstantial risks by selling OTC. One thing Charlie's post also mentions is that sellers don't want to sell because exchange prices (the spot price used to quote the price to the customer) are too low, implying they get better rates OTC.
Which would mean that Bitpay might face some slippage risk, but that it gets better rates than it presents the customer, enough to convince them not to simply sell directly (the easy way). In other words, it's a bit speculative, but Charlie's post seems to imply that the better OTC rate they get compensates enough, meaning it's still unlikely they lose money on sales. And I think that makes a lot of sense, it's quite rare to see companies lose money on volume in a growth stage. Losing money because the CAC is too high, sure. But 2-3% per transaction, as a payment processor? It's unheard of. Even in OTC Forex, that's a crazy rate. And it doesn't sit well with their history. Firstly I doubt they'd have been able to bootstrap it with 0 money, and then hold out with $500k / $3m for years. And secondly, their investors are top VC firms with proper diligence, I doubt they'd have poured $30m into a company that loses $11m a year (that's the 3% you mentioned) on volume, particularly as VC firms thrive on making big bets on 100 companies, 99 fail, but one will do 1000x growth and make it all worth it. If Bitpay had continued their 2013 growth rate (about 10x) they'd be burning $110m a year by now with $30m in funding. There's no doubt their investors have full perspective on the financial reports and business model, as well as on their plans to remove their fees entirely right after receiving VC funding. 
So all in all this notion that they're bleeding a couple percent per transaction seems pretty ridiculous. And there are definitely logic holes in Charlie's story so I'm not sure what to believe. I give it some weight cause he's well connected and thus probably has a decent look on things. But there can't be large holes between OTC and Exchanges, there are waaaay too many players in the game to arbitrage the shit out of such an opportunity. Not for a digital native asset. And it's a conflicting story, in the first post he talks about OTC being above-spot because exchange rates are deemed too low by sellers. In a later post he talks about how he typically sets up OTC trades below the spot price. It's vague. Or his casual claim that Coinbase sells bitcoins to Bitpay, I mean what? Why would Bitpay be buying coins. Their investors would jump ship if Bitpay started using VC money to buy &amp; gamble with the value of bitcoin to make money. It just makes no sense.
Anyway a lot I still don't know!
 
@_date: 2014-02-28 13:38:41
If the US is willing to do a proper educational campaign with the Bitcoin foundation on the risks of Bitcoin and what it is, it'll probably be 10x more effective, probably be a much more efficient way to use money to protect users and welcomed by the entire bitcoin community.
If they want to ban it, let's just say that we all wish them good luck. Bitcoin can't be banned. 
It can be outlawed, sure, but make the case for why first. People voluntary buying into something that they believe will rise in value because it's an important innovation, backed by millions of dollars of venture capital? Let's ban every single company, IPO, investment and innovation then. 
It's such a silly discussion at this point. We welcome reasoned critiques of bitcoin, it'll become a better innovation because of criticism. Your move.
@_date: 2015-01-13 06:01:16
Big news, accreditations like these are extremely important to get mainstream large financial institutions on-board. Whether it's about getting a bank account or getting a large investment firm to trust you with holding their bitcoin or one of numerous other examples, it's important. This inspires trust and confidence.
(Please spare me all the 'we don't need banks' and 'audit firms got it wrong in every crisis and colluded with the likes of Enron'. I know. It's still good news.)
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:49:07
Betterthancash isn't incompatible with bitcoin?
For example Gates is a huge fan of Mpesa. Guess what, Kipochi built a bitcoin wallet like Mpesa (that interfaced with Mpesa, too) and it worked great and was a lot cheaper than Mpesa (it's about $0.6 to send $6 on Mpesa for example). And if they combined that with the open Bitreserve API, Kenyans could've been using a cheaper mobile wallet than Mpesa (on the bitcoin network) and a more stable currency (dollar or euro or gold-pegged bitcoins on Bitreserve).
The carrier shut down that wallet and they never did integrate with Bitreserve. But what I just described is possible today, not only that but its individual parts were already built and functioning. And it's better than Mpesa in every single way. Yet it'd still afford control and regulatory scrutiny to the carrier, kipochi and bitreserve all of whom abide by their respective legal systems.
Gates would love something like that, no doubt. He's not anti-bitcoin, he appreciates it, his legacy company on which he is still an adviser to the most senior staff uses it and plans to expand it. 
But he's also a guy who isn't keen on bringing a speculative asset like bitcoin to the poorest people on the planet with no regulatory oversight. And you can't fault him for that, I wouldn't either. (the first bit at least)
That's not to say he doesn't like the protocol, but that he wants people to use bitcoin through companies that have consumer protections and oversight. And the example above has all of that: protections, oversight, no volatility, and it's much better (cheaper) than Mpesa. And what's more, not limited to Kenya in any way and applicable worldwide. Gates would absolutely support something like that if he was fully aware of the implications.
Does that mean Gates and the rest of the world will jump on the bitcoin bandwagon with two feet tomorrow? No, but we can easily see perceptions shifting from just 2-3 years ago when people would laugh at the idea of Microsoft accepting bitcoin or Gates talking about a 'bitcoin revolution'.
@_date: 2015-01-29 10:13:17


This. I'm not saying that bitcoin &amp; terrorism is not a concern at all in the long-term. But when statistics show that you're as likely to die from terrorism as from a fridge falling on you, that the vast, vast majority of terrorism is about sectarian violence and not about trying to fight the west, and when we hear people say that bitcoin is as big or bigger than the internet, how can you mention that all the freaking time?
It's like saying 'I found a cure for cancer, it's massive and will change the world. But, sometimes it has a side-effect of killing you, for which the odds are as likely as having a fridge fall on you and kill you i.e. close to zero'.
And then not saying that once as a matter of fact, but stating that EVERY single time when talking about the cure for cancer, saying that the side effect is a big concern and that we should probably not use it and go with crappy regulated drugs that don't have the side effect.
It's just a completely ridiculous way to talk about something, anything, objectively. 
We don't have to even get into the fact that this is the conclusion we have about every single other thing on the planet, right? That we don't ban mobile phones, the internet, computers or computer software, or hell cars or water just because criminals use them, too.
@_date: 2015-01-04 13:59:58
Perhaps Moe should let Danny Brewster sponsor and speak about his next company, and throw in a Q&amp;A session as that's the best way to 'expose a scam'.
Come on. We're not talking about people hating on Coinbase customer service, and that they can explain some issues in a Q&amp;A. We're talking about a large percentage of Garza's users saying he's a con-artist, a scammer and a criminal. It's wholly different, and there's a ton of supporting evidence for this. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:44:04
Go, skip out on his speech, then enter for the last 30 minutes and raise any concerns you have with him in person.
As for Moe Levin, it's a hard issue but I see the position he is in. He can't simply refuse a previous sponsor to come, break a contract and suffer the financial consequences. He could do it if Josh was convicted of a crime. But he can't do it because people on forums complain about him. As much as this sucks, Moe isn't a police officer or a judge, I don't think we ought to expect from him to act as one and suffer financial consequences, unless of course you're willing to pay the bill instead. In any case I would say that it was bad practice even entering into contract with him in the first place considering it was so shady (but in fairness, much of the recent shadiness probably wasn't known months ago when the conference was being planned.)
I urge everyone to speak out about this, though. As a community we have some influence into preventing another Neo &amp; Bee. The red flags and warning signs definitely show up for me.
@_date: 2014-04-05 12:46:06
Sounds like kids are much like adults! It's still too hard for anyone to buy coins in general. And yes adults like speed and dislike fees, too ;)
I remember when I was a kid a decade ago I used to go through shittons of trouble to pay for online games because I couldn't get a creditcard or anything. Interestingly, one of the games I played and loved, but always had trouble with paying (usually went through my dad's creditcard), Star Sonata, now accepts bitcoin payments, many years after I quit! 
Anyway I think this problem will solve itself. The beauty of bitcoin is its similarity to cash. Once you get to a point where 10% of the population holds some bitcoin, it's as simple as exchanging some dollars for some bitcoins. You will press a button in an app on your phone, it'll display a QR code on your screen, then he scans your phone's screen with his smartphone, presses 'accept', you hand him the dollars and that's it. Pretty much like localbitcoins, but currently due to so few people (relatively) it's still pretty shady, I wouldn't let my kid go near that. But at some point you'll be trading dollars for bitcoin as if you're trading baseball cards on the playground, it'll be everywhere. It's a self-solving problem that takes time.
One thing that's interesting is phone charges, I don't know how they work in the US. But here in the Netherlands there was an experiment to pay for Android apps with your phone bill. e.g. you don't need to hook up a creditcard to your google play account, you simply buy the app and you get billed on your monthly phone bill that you need to pay anyway. (9/10 people here do automatic billing, that is, they'll just take the money from your bank acc without us needing to do anything). It'd be a pretty cool service if you could buy limited bitcoin (e.g. 1x your monthly phone bill) instead of apps, and you get billed at the end of the month on your phone bill. Just about every kid these days could easily obtain bitcoin, either through his phone or his friends' phone.
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:38:38
Nonsense. Bitpay isn't an investment firm or a gambling firm. If they wanted to profit off of speculating on the price, they wouldn't have to run an entire business around it. They could just buy bitcoin, wait and hope. This is silly. Companies generally don't speculate on things that aren't their core-competency or core-business, in fact, they pay not to, they insure against speculation and risk through hedging with derivatives. Whether it's airlines fixing the price of jet fuel or farmers fixing the price of seeds, companies pay to get rid of risk. This service is then offered by an actual investment firm that takes on risk for such payment. Putting Bitpay in that second category as opposed to the former is ridiculous.
While it can't be ruled out for certain that they're doing this, it's an absurd notion that doesn't fit in with any common business practice, as such I'd disregard it as untrue unless you actually have evidence to show for it, as it's so unlikely we ought to presume it to be untrue, rather than true. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:58:01
No shit, nobody ever said so, but it sure as hell won't go to 0.10 which is what you claimed.
@_date: 2014-05-31 15:14:42
Let's hope other exchanges can successfully follow in their local areas!
@_date: 2015-01-19 05:07:04
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:53:29
Yeah, sorry :p
@_date: 2015-01-23 08:30:12
Coinbase has said this, it's on their website. One can argue they're lying, I won't go into how unlikely that is. Up to you to decide. In any case, banks tend to let their businesses pay at a rate of about 10c or so per $1k (0.01%). In other words if Coinbase pays for its insurance (a single percent of its exchange revenues of 1% seems like a good deal) it's quite likely they can get insurance beyond the 250k limit. And yes you can get these limits for multiple bank accounts.
For example the CDARS service makes it very easy to spread money around on multiple accounts and get FDIC insurance for all: 
I've got no clue what Coinbase is doing exactly, but I know 1) they say they're insured and 2) it's completely possible to get FDIC insurance above $250k. I think we can trust them on this one but hey, who knows.
@_date: 2015-01-21 07:44:13
Good point!
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:18:41
Very well put. But I still don't think he should be using twitter to write his usual 25-tweet short essays just because he's an investor in twitter :)
@_date: 2015-01-13 22:02:00
Brilliant :)
10 upvotes!
@_date: 2015-01-19 13:24:15


It's a protocol it has nothing to do with communication networks. You can implement the protocol using pigeons if you wanted.
Can bitcoin nodes over the internet be blocked by ISPs? Yes. And then there's ISPs that won't block it. And then there's ways to circumvent the blockades. As long as you can transfer data over the internet you can run a bitcoin network over it, it's just a bigger hassle to make it work if ISPs try to shut it down. However there's no indication that ISPs are remotely interested in doing so, and the history of censorship is marked with failure, it's not really on my worry list for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-30 14:14:53


Massively. I'd really consider doing some elementary reading as to how bitcoin works, as a start. 
There's also glaring issues in your understanding of money and what constitutes value. Consider rethinking your assumptions.
@_date: 2014-04-09 14:57:23
MultiBit has maybe 5-10 confirmed btc losses of keys to change addresses amounting to 0.1 to 0.5 btc each amongst hundreds of thousands of users.
In other words, hundreds of thousands of people have tens of millions of dollars of bitcoin in MultiBit wallets and a few thousand dollars were lost. Meanwhile, MultiBit is open source, developed by volunteers who aren't getting paid and haven't had a day off since Christmas working on making among many things, the wallet deterministic, solving this bug.
Mt. Gox was shit, everyone knew. It was a 2011 company that never proved itself to be capable, trustworthy or even interested. In the first week of reading about Bitcoin doing basic research I saw enough red flags to never deposit a dime there. Sorry but again, the notion that people collectively let 500m worth of bitcoin on Mt. Gox is just silly, most of those coins weren't being daytraded and had no business sitting there. It has nothing to do with bitcoin and it has everything to do with human stupidity.
Neo &amp; Bee... sorry, if you invested in that you're simply not careful with your money. Anyone that read their prospectus would've laughed at N&amp;B. Guess why individuals invested? Cause the large group of extremely eager VENTURE capital investors thought it was a shit investment, and that's a lot coming from a group of people who's business model is investing in risky unproven startups who can't get traditional financing. But if your prospectus is shit, only idiots invest.
Meanwhile proper companies are being launched every month and existing ones are doing quite well. I don't see this at all as some kind of bad-news trend that keeps mainstream users away. Maybe if bitcoin companies didn't double their user/merchant base every 7 months you could say that, but not right now.
That having been said, mainstream is a long way away I think. But look at where we're now. We've got deterministic wallets making it extremely easy to change wallets, move bitcoin around, move keys around and secure your keys and regain them even if backups are lost. We've got multi-sig services. We've got insurance services. We've even got hardware wallets now. Everything has either been released recently or is set to release within 1-3 months. All the tools we need are in the works and constantly improving.
@_date: 2014-04-16 20:36:11
Coinbase and Secondmarket do actually seem to be compliant because they don't need MSB licenses as they're broker-dealers, not exchanges. At least, ostensibly, but I haven't seen anyone go against this yet.
Atlas, CoinMKT, not so much. I've seen a lot of people go against this and claim MSB licenses are required in all but two states.
But yes, it's all quite murky.
@_date: 2014-06-10 11:53:32
Does anyone know how they pay out the KES? As in, do they send you an envelope full of cash, wire you money, let you pick it up at a local franchise store? That's an important bit I didn't see here, the rest is amazing, truly a much more competitive edge where the edge is fees of sending money back home, and they were just cut in half for Kenyans.
edit: turns out it's paid out in Mpesa :) Pretty interesting, wonder what their minimum payout is as MPesa is actually pretty expensive... Also, I wonder on what exchange they're selling the bitcoin, who is buying bitcoin for their KES right now? :)
@_date: 2014-04-27 15:23:40
Nice, although the Netherlands hardly needed a way to obtain bitcoin. It's probably in the top 3 of easiest places in the world to obtain bitcoin.
Anyone know the fees on this thing?
@_date: 2015-01-09 15:34:30
Same here. It'd be a bit more but I've got plenty invested in bitcoin. If I say spend 80% of my monthly earnings, putting away 5 percentage points of the remaining 20% of savings is actually a quarter of my savings going to bitcoin which is a lot.
If my landlord and grocery store would take bitcoin, I could easily shift that to more than 50%. There's one supermarket that does but its an hour of driving away so not yet for me.
@_date: 2015-01-07 15:01:26
No the other way around, that's the whole point. You click a button where you buy 1 bitcoin for $300. And a few days later, you receive 1 bitcoin, and they deduct $300.
If the price of a bitcoin dropped during that time from $300 to $200 per bitcoin, you still have 1 bitcoin which you bought at $300 (just like if you bought 1 apple whose value dropped during shipping). And if the price jumped from $300 to $400, you also still have 1 bitcoin which you bought at $300.
What he is saying is that because the value dropped by $25 in the 2 holidays that it took them to 'ship' the bitcoin to him (after agreeing to the price right away), he's supposed to somehow get more bitcoins than he actually bought to compensate for the value drop.
Which is why he got 16 downvotes as it's bs. If he wants to complain about 2 days of processing and Circle promised 1 day, that's fine it's a legitimate complaint. But the one he is making right now isn't. You get what you buy, he bought x bitcoins, he got x bitcoins, that the value changed after purchase is the risk he takes on as someone who buys bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:34:41
It's awesome to discuss the value of academics over a network designed and partially funded by academics (ARPANET's first two nodes were Stanford and UCLA, for example), just like a shit ton of the technology we use and perhaps, who knows, bitcoin itself. Satoshi certainly had the allure of an academic, he certainly presented his white paper as one.
Anyway, if you think academia has a duty to 'help the bitcoin ecosystem directly' and then conclude something is funny because they're not fulfilling your made-up duty, then you really missed the point of academia. :-/
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:17:13


Well look at Coinbase competitor Circle, started by Jeremy Allaire. He built ColdFusion, perhaps you've worked with it at your company at one point (it's used by about 75 of the fortune 100). Jeremy said about Circle in a recent interview:


Coinbase operates in a similar way. They're not licensed as a bank or an investment firm and it's not a service they offer or communicate to their users. They're just a custodian (without also being an invesment firm) and as such they can't invest customer funds. 
The fact that they're private doesn't mean they suddenly can break the law. It also doesn't mean there's absolutely no oversight. They have Chris Dixon and Fred Wilson ($1.7 billion net worth) on their board. They have top VC firms, a megabank, the new york stock exchange and Japan's biggest telcom as investors and a valuation of half a billion. You know better than I that there's been a decent amount of due diligence going into investments of that magnitude by parties like these.


Why would that be odd? It's like saying it's odd that a garage doesn't rent out the cars people leave at the garage for secure storage. This is a very normal business model. Perhaps at some point they'll announce that you can earn interest and let you choose to invest funds you store with them, perhaps at one point there'll be a peer-to-peer lending product, but none of that exists today and they're not doing this behind people's backs (again it wouldn't even be legal without consent and without making that public. It's like you leave your car in a garage and the owner just rents it out to a taxi driver behind your back risking your property.)


For one, why would they even do this? Risk-free interest rates are puny right now, a 1-year tbond is what, 0.16% or something? So you're implying that they'll have people buy $100 worth of bitcoin with USD, put the USD in their account, not own bitcoin, then invest the USD and earn 0.16% per year, and then hedge their bets how exactly? Say the price of bitcoin goes from $200 to $20.000 (like the price went from $10 to $1000 in 2013 roughly), how do you suppose they now cover their $100 bitcoin liability that's now become a $10k bitcoin liability? Out of the 0.16% annual interest rate they get on USD? Bitcoin is way too volatile, you can't hedge it at a lower cost than your return on investment. If a customer has $100 of bitcoin with you, you keep $100 of bitcoin in your storage as an asset, if bitcoin goes up in value by 100x like it did in 2013, then your bitcoin in storage will, too, and your liabilities and assets are just fine. And then you build a business model off of a brokerage service and merchant payment processing. 
Voila you have Coinbase, a viable business that doesn't gamble with their customer's money that receives investments from some of the biggest firms and tech people in the game.


I don't get what you mean by things like this, what is it you're trying to point out here that's particularly unique about holding bitcoin. If they hold ANYTHING, whether it's cash, bitcoin, or candy, if they hold it for you it's a liability. 
Anyway, I appreciate that some of this may sound plausible to you, that's fine and I agree. For example I'm quite familiar with the fact Paypal DOES invest user funds, does generate interest on it and does keep this for itself (although this interest is puny, a fraction of a percent of their total business revenue) as well as offers users the option to invest their funds. But all of this is in their terms of conditions and user agreements that every Paypal user accepted at one point or another. This is public knowledge and not a secret. Coinbase doesn't do anything like this, hasn't ever been reported to do anything like this and doesn't mention anything like this in their terms. Further, there's no real market for bitcoin investments (i.e. investments using bitcoin) at this point, it's too volatile to keep it in USD and hedge it, and their pure USD accounts is a tiny tiny part of their business (only recently arrived after years without, only possible in a few states in 1 country while the rest of their business is either global or in 19 countries worldwide). As such, I don't think we have any reason to assume what the OP talks about which is that they're running fractional reserve with customer funds.
@_date: 2015-01-12 05:54:33
Alright it seems I'm talking to a troll here. No point arguing.




Take care.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:20:31
Huge sign of confidence. 
With 2014 being sort of a slow year in terms of consumer growth rates compared to 2013, it's interesting to see a company focused so much on consumer retail while being strict with their regulatory approach, see their investments quadruple from just 12 months ago. That says a lot, it says the VCs that took a look at their growth rates, traction and their plans and vision liked what they saw, and that's great to hear right now. 
Not just that, but the investors aren't just venture capital guys (people who make big bets and are known to fail hardcore and win hardcore). The New York Stock Exchange for example, is an investor. That says something about their stance towards bitcoin and their thoughts on the regulatory position of bitcoin in new york: worth investing in as it's here to stay. Or a large Spanish bank, or a Japanese telecom company. These aren't just signs of confidence but also potential partners. When Google bought Youtube, they brought the google advertiser network to Youtube. When Andreessen Horowitz invested in Coinbase, they partnered the company with other companies in their portfolio (including one acquihire by Coinbase of another AH company) as well as partners (like Nas, a partner of the firm). If a bank or telecom invests in you, they're going to be keen to service you and partner with you for mutual success. That means you might see a banking product come out of this, or the ability to pay for your phone subscription with bitcoin over the next 2 years as they leverage these relationships. This is a big deal.
Oh they also announced plans to go from 19 countries to 30 by the end of 2015. To speculate a bit, that means that starting 2016 they'll expand outside of OECD countries, which is a big deal as that means bringing consumer-friendly products to countries without the strongest banking infrastructure or stable currencies. That's hugely interesting. It'd coincide with higher penetration of smartphones and internet connectivity in such countries, and hopefully with deeper exchange markets (possible ETF?), making it easier and cheaper to offer automatic derivatives to cheaply lock in the price of bitcoin (meaning people in countries with weak currencies will now be able to get modern financial services without any potential volatility of bitcoin). 
They already explicitly mentioned India.
edit: thanks for the gold!
Lastly: Speculation on their valuation? Would be interesting. 
They had a $140m valuation after their Series B when they raised $25m (I think $31m in total then).
At the same multiplier, their $106m valuation is now close to $480. Of course you normally lower your multiplier as each round goes by, so this is an optimistic figure.
In November 2014 they were reported to raise between $40m and $60m at a $400m valuation. Instead they raised $75m.
So what do you think? Well I'd say a $400m valuation is pretty certain, perhaps $450m. What that tells you about whether bitcoin is undervalued (2900m total market cap) is up to you to decide :)
As for context, they raised $75m. In all of 2013, the entire bitcoin industry ended up raising $90m, only slightly over 1 year ago. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 01:54:33
Are you seriously saying Mt. Gox wasn't shady as hell? How familiar are you with their history? 
As for your question, very simple answers exist. Again you don't seem to be very familiar with their history. 
If you were around when they crashed, you'd have seen post where some people literally were discussing sending money to Mt. Gox when bitcoin was at like $700 but Mt. Gox prices were at like $150 (shady as fuuuuck), and like 9/10 people were saying Mt. Gox was hacked, was insolvent, was going to crash and burn, and Mark K didn't respond, and all of this was after Mt.Gox put out a false statement that they'd been hit by a malleability attack (which is an attack that is 100% visible on the bitcoin network and was limited to only a few coins, like a tiny fraction of a single percent of their eventual losses that could have been affected by malleability issues, but even that wasn't sure). 
It was at this time (when Mt. Gox was shady as hell by all accounts) that people still said 'I'm just going to try sending $1k, buy the cheap bitcoins and withdraw them, then sell them somewhere else. If it works I make an easy $5k profit' or something to that effect. 
So why you ask? Simple greed is one element, as shown above. Another is naivete. Another is ignorance. Another is the same reason why people buy a lottery ticket, because they think they're lucky. It's the reason why after people know a ponzi is a ponzi, they still buy, hoping to cash out quick and not be left holding the baby. If you know you can send someone money and he sends it back to you a week later plus 10%, most people know it's a ponzi, but a lot of people still still send it, hoping they can get 10% a couple times and then stop before the ponzi eventually collapses. Go to bitcointalk and you'll find hundreds of such ponzis in the archives, hell you'll literally find, no joke, threads which say 'This is a ponzi scheme', and promise large payouts, and people participate.
Just because something is extremely shady, or just because people knowingly participate in a scam, doesn't remove some core human instincts like greed, naivete and the notion that people think they're special, lucky and that bad shit probably will not happen to them.
@_date: 2015-01-11 00:02:22
The future is calling they want their shit back
@_date: 2015-01-12 19:02:17
That was their CES video. Wouldn't be surprised to see some very niche-targetted youtube ads, too, but it's obviously not designed for TV (although it could be modified for it, I doubt we'll see that happen)
@_date: 2015-01-10 19:44:37
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:17:41
That's not really how insider trading works, afaik. It's quite complex and many things are exempted and allowed. Certainly if you buy ownership into a company, you may well work together with said company, especially if it is planned after the fact.
If he had created plans to partner with Coinbase and then told some friends of his he was going to do this with Citigroup, and recommended investing and then invested himself, that's a different story.
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:14:53
He is not saying that if you're known, you're not shady. Mt. Gox was shady as hell, and if Mt. Gox had been completely anonymous it'd have been double as shady, would you disagree?
@_date: 2015-01-12 07:02:03


Highly doubt it. For one they've got accounts with various automated exchanges. They can get liquidity instantly, not just instantly but automatically using the various APIs the large exchanges offer, they don't carry the burden of dropping prices, they're not an investment firm, they offload that risk to people who invest on exchanges. Not for free, there's an exchange fee (very low at their volume, with $1m in daily sales they can pressure prices to almost nothing. Remember an exchange makes money on both ends of the trade, so if they let Bitpay sell for 0% they still make 0.4% from the buyer meaning it's still a better deal than seeing liquidity go to the competitor) but if there is one they inevitably price that into the price they quote to the customer. They then market this as a 0% merchant fee because if a merchant sells a $100 product, they still get $100. 
Slippage, same thing, iirc Coinbase saying explicitly that they price this in, it's much more plausible that Bitpay does the same rather than lose money on volume, it's not like customers do a price conversion and then cancel if it deviates by a fraction of a percent from some spot price they looked up online. Bitpay can and likely does price that in and gets away with it. And that's to be expected, because volatility isn't that crazy. We're talking about fractions of a percent here, maybe 0.05% or 0.1%. You can easily price that, a customer will see 0.003216 bitcoin instead of 0.003212 or whatever, they'll be looking at the dollar price mostly.
 
And would it matter? Even if they didn't price any of this in (which I'd bet they were) slippage of 0.1% on $1m in daily sales is a few hundred thousand bucks a year. 
This notion that this 'dwarfs' costs like employment of 60 people is ridiculous imo.


Embarrassing! :)
1 upvote @_date: 2014-10-14 19:32:48
Ah yeah, I hadn't even thought of that. Way to integrate the objective of the app into the 'tutorial' phase. Rewards for doing extra things, you must have played quite a few games or invited a lot of friends to CandyCrush for lives :P 
But yeah, that's great. Although, perhaps we'd need a few more 'stores' than just the demo cat store to actually incentivize people to earn some extra testcoins. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 00:25:17
Yes install the VLC Player app, press the top-left icon -&gt; Open Network Stream, paste in the URL and open it. Works great on my ipad.
@_date: 2014-04-30 21:03:00
Educate yourself for bitcoin!
* The professor challenges students to put $10 worth of bitcoin into his course-fund at the beginning of the course. The students who attend all classes are paid out a proportional share of the money that other students who didn't attend all classes lost as per the rules.
That'd be freaking sweet as an experiment. It'd be completely optional and hopefully start out with small, fun amounts of money. 
Other 'competitions' are possible too. e.g. payout based on grading. But I think that's less fun as you get situations where brains win over effort. It should really be fun and small.
Optionally for CS courses, all this would be cryptographic. (e.g. each student is given some random number in class, and they need to record a transaction in the blockchain to prove they attended class by posting a signed hash.)
@_date: 2015-01-17 01:01:24
Why do you reckon that? There's absolutely no indication that this would happen. And if you look at their team, it's a pretty ridiculous claim. Not only that but if you look at their policies they strive towards quite a bit of transparency, too: 
Does it mean they're infallible? Of course not. But it's ridiculous to make bold claims that they will steal their own customers' money in 12 months from now without a shred of evidence, when their team and policy would suggest otherwise.
It's like saying 'I reckon you will kill your parents in one year', without backing that up in any way shape or form. It's absurd. Again, it may well be true, but it's absurd to make the claim without backing it up.
@_date: 2015-01-10 22:04:12
Nothing new here, move along.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:26:21
It was Age of Conquest 3, somehow had to waste a few hours on it for $2 :p I actually downloaded it by installing Hola, which spoofs my IP so that it looks like I'm from the US and just bought the game as normal.
Thanks for checking in for me, appreciate it!
@_date: 2015-01-20 10:37:45
Both Bitpay and Coinbase already have confirmed $150m+ valuations as of like 7ish months ago. $300m is definitely a step up, but it's nothing extraordinary compared to the numbers we've already known about for months.
This was the page: 
edit: I'm guessing a valuation of $430m or so: 
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:33:43
First black person to use bitcoin? Man you're ignorant as hell. 
You must be trolling, which is pretty ironic seeing as you started a thread about all the trolls on this subreddit.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:03:13
I have the feeling they might be hesitant cause of the potential backlash. Can you imagine the field day this subreddit would have the moment they hire a protocol guy that does something slightly controversial, like every other protocol guy in bitcoin history at some point? 
It's like one big PR disaster waiting to happen. It's like a large car manufacturer hiring an employee to join debates on racism in universities, even if you were Jesus Christ himself, something innocent you say will have some people hate your guts. It's just not something companies would ever consider. Best case you improve bitcoin a bit, worst case you have a PR disaster for a company now worth $400m.
I'd love to see them hire a maintenance guy who does code cleanup, refactoring, documentation. Hugely important, not controversial.
And then you can have private things like Blockstream, or public things like Lighthouse (in which Coinbase should participate with $50k or whatever) to fund more independent contractors without the controversy.
Combine that with the fact that the Blockchain foundation hired extra people for development in 2014 while at the same time closed its public relations branch (and with it some controversy about representation) to focus solely on development I'm expecting them to continue to grow their development team a bit, too, in 2015, and also receive more support from companies now that they're a bit less controversial and more dev-focused. (leaving PR to the likes of 
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:51:57
Exactly. And given you need a minimum deposit and given it's a private sale, it's mostly for large funds like BIT who aren't going to dump it on an exchange afterwards.
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:50:05
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:00:44


Something I've noticed over the past few years is that unsuccessful entrepreneurs will jump into a space that has an extremely obvious road block that renders their business model impossible.
We can have it both ways. This feels like an empty statement to me. It's like saying Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg dropped out of uni, so if the third guy does it, who knows he might become a billionaire, disregarding millions of dropouts never become successful. It's a poor analysis. If you wanted to make the point that x can be successful without it being apparent to everyone from the start, sure, I'll grant that.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:31:58


As I said: *[I'm not saying] known people can inherently be trusted and can always be held accountable. I'm not saying any of that.*


And not knowing any of the names inspires even less trust, generally, unless it's very well supported and for good reason. (e.g. Wikileaks has credibility because of many supporting reasons, and has good reasons to stay anonymous and is very vocal about the value of anonymity in their work which is well understood by all, and appreciated by many including myself. On the other hand, BTC-E hasn't been very vocal on why they operate like they do, even though they're probably breaking laws in various jurisdictions where their customers live.)


That was my point?
@_date: 2015-01-18 09:12:41


Now replace words so that it's about thoughts and information stored in people's brains, and it becomes ridiculous that it's a problem if the government can't access your thoughts.
Now perhaps if this was world war 3 and I faced a 50% chance of dying in the next 5 years because of daily terrorist bombings, then sure I might be a bit more understanding out of practical reasons.
But give me a break here.
1)  There is no such freaking threat. Yes, terrorist activities are scary. And yes you're as likely to die from a refrigerator falling on top of you as from a terror attack. The way that this 'threat' impedes on basic civil liberties is completely out of proportion with its danger.
2) encryption has existed for decades, it's been freely available for anyone to use it in an illicit manner, and if you take a little care it's child's play to get easy encryption going that can't be penetrated. In other words, this changes NOTHING in terms of the capability of a terrorist to secretly communicate if they wanted to. 
Apple encrypting iMessage by default doesn't suddenly turn this into the most dangerous communication device for terrorists ever, give me a break, it changes nothing for them yet awards basic privacy to hundreds of millions of users who've been part of a massive spy program about which the government routinely lied about to its own people and acted outside of the (reasonably) independent court of law or any form of transparency or oversight. Guess why ordinary people, not terrorists, might be interested in this?
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:08:03


@_date: 2015-01-16 12:58:01
In all fairness, Mt. Gox was the largest in a world without competition. When decent exchanges started to arrive we've consistently seen Mt. Gox's market share drop further and further. The only thing keeping it going was the fact that 1) people's money was locked up on the platform and 2) there was a big price differential (red flag! means it's easy to deposit, hard to withdraw thus creating artificially high demand (can't remove money from the platform) and boosting supply (price differential invites naive depositors looking to do quick arbitrage). If it wasn't for these two reasons, Mt. Gox would've been marginal at best by the time of its demise, because it simply was really shitty compared to e.g. Bitstamp or Kraken or some of the Chinese exchanges that had the freedom to operate at the time.
My point is that with 10x more competition and alternatives today, the notion that customers specifically choose Bitfinex for the majority of their trading means something. It doesn't mean it's super secure by definition, but it's a signal the market puts more trust with Bitfinex than anyone else and that counts for something.
@_date: 2015-01-04 19:30:52
Stupidity? Hackers using botnets? Pump n dumpers trying to make it seem as if the coin is actively mined? Old hardware running in a free-electricity apartment?
But otherwise, there's really no reason. You just don't mine altcoins if you're losing money, you can simply buy the coin instead. Again, China MIGHT be the exception because it's easier to buy hardware than coins, but even that is doubtful.
@_date: 2014-06-26 08:58:52
What the fuck are you talking about? He's talking about how the cost of energy is so expensive in Belgium that mining can't be profitable. Tanner then says they are 100% solar as if to imply free or at least cheaper energy making their mining business profitable again. Then I mentioned that solar isn't actually cheaper than fossil fuel (mostly coal) and explained why, something most people in the energy industry openly acknowledge. 
I don't know what thread you were reading but my post was on topic.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:44:12
Nah this isn't the reason. Porn companies have near zero responsibility if they create some boxes 'enter if you're over 18' etc. 
Creditcards are in no way shape or form a verification of age that would hold up in any court, anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:05:15
If A invests in B, then A will be keen to see B succeed, perhaps even integrate B's product into A or to partner with B.
Whatever that means is up to you to decide. Definitely seeing some interesting opportunities here.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:52:33
Oh god, that's their USD wallet. It has nothing to do with their bitcoin storage or proof of bitcoin storage?  
And by law you're not allowed to spend or invest custodial funds. So again, no evidence, not plausible and an accusation they're breaking the law? On a product that's not even about bitcoin storage? (which is what the OP started talking about: '*cryptocurrency is uniquely auditable*', his call to action has nothing to do with their USD wallets)
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:51:49
Absolutely, but I don't 'count' Jeff because he was already vetted, reputable, active, respected, accepted etc. It wasn't a big risk.
But I agree it can be done, I just think that the larger companies with the funds to do it are more risk averse and more likely to choose a safer option.
For example, now that TBF has shed its public relations activities and has shifted towards 100% development focus I think they've also lost some of their controversy surrounding an 'centralized' organisation 'representing' a decentralized invention. Yet they continue to pay Gavin (Scientist) and Wladimir (Maintainer) who both lead the respective sides of development (protocol &amp; client, very loosely stated) and enjoy broad based support from the community in this unofficial role. I think it'd be feasible for companies to fund TBF now allowing Gavin and Wladimir to hire a team who they will lead from their position of legitimacy. This is probably a less controversial way to drive development, and also more effective (cohesive teams working towards shared goals rather than individuals from many groups doing their own team).
Whether it'll happen I've got no clue, but I'd really suggest Coinbase talk seriously about funding TBF with $300k per year for two developers to assist Gavin/Wladimir.
It's been talked about before, a Red Hat for bitcoin. After TBF shifted focus towards development 100%, I'm thinking they could definitely be that in small part. Blockstream is another candidate, $21m funding for development... but they're focused on building sidechains, not building out bitcoin chain. But who knows.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:59:37
Memory is just a concept of storing/retrieving information, it's not just human memory. A book is also a form of memory, a paper money token is memory, as is a USB stick or indeed the blockchain. There's nothing inherent about memory that is 'fleeting'. 
And it certainly has no connection with inflation. In fact, if memory of debt eroded, you'd simply REDUCE the amount of favors (or in a paper-money system, the amount of money tokens, e.g. dollars), meaning DEFLATION not inflation. 
Bitcoin wouldn't be an opposite to this (memory loss), there's no logical opposite to the loss of something (except finding new memory, which makes no sense. Your metaphor just doesn't work). The only difference is that there are more people willing to redeem your favor, thus the value of it may rise, but that's linked to demographic trends like population growth and a growth in technological efficiency, ceteris paribus it has nothing to do inherently with the system of money.
@_date: 2014-08-02 20:23:49
lol, I'd say this would DEFINITELY attract 1 million times more attention.
Mostly extremely hateful stuff 'omg they're fanatics, burning cash, could've helped the poor this that and the other'. But in terms of exposure, someone burning 0.1m dollars will probably hit every channel, particularly the informal ones. (e.g. social media, it'd be golden material for 9gag, vines on facebook, aggregation sites like '10 craziest things rich people do' etc). 
Not saying we should, it'd be the worst idea ever :p But it's better than a quarter panel on a NASCAR lol.
@_date: 2014-05-06 16:48:19
What a fucking dumb article. Making claims that bitcoin is going to see a fivefold increase in a few months is one thing, but to not support that at all with any kind of information is ridiculous.
Fact is, you only need to look at 4 of the biggest players right now (Bitpay, Coinbase, Blockchain.info, Multibit) who all have 1-2m users (with Bitpay having the most merchants) and look at their growth rates. It's about 10% a month. If prices rise as fast as adoption (and there's no certainty it does), you might see $700-850 by August, but certainly not $2.5k out of the blue. Some extraordinary things would have to happen all of a sudden as well as a huge marketing push.
And 50m people? Man... Look at Chamath for example, one of the top VC investors in bitcoin, his firm predicts 7.5m wallets by January 2015 across the board. (Mind you, those are wallets, not users. I have 4 wallets for example), and about half of that number are wallets that already exist today. So those 7.5m wallets might be about 5m users, while about 3m of those are current users, in other words he predicts about 2m new users for all of 2014. While this guy predicts a possibility of 50m new users in just 4 months from now, that's laughable.
@_date: 2014-08-04 19:43:32
If you're just buying some bitcoin for friends, you're not a MTB. If you're really looking to buy and sell bitcoin yourself to make money, that'd essentially qualify you as a MTB and yes you'd need to register with Fincen and do some basic reporting. But that's generally not a big deal in comparison to the state-level regulation that you'll need to do on top of that, which is barely implemented in most states and sometimes not applicable. e.g. in Texas afaik they don't see bitcoin as money and thus it's not required there to comply to Texas money transmitter regulation. But in some places like New York, they're drafting some harsh state-level regulation that goes well beyond Fincen, to the point you need to e.g. hand over finger prints to the FBI for you and any colleagues you might have, do reporting, get bonded etc.
Anyway none of this stuff is something you ought to take from a redditor I'm afraid to say. I can give you some thoughts and context, but no real legal advice.
If you've been to Satoshi Square, consider reaching out to Marco Santori. A new york lawyer who's also deep into bitcoin, he'll know exactly what you can expect in terms of potential diligence duties. :) 
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:12:02
I think the community is strongly leaning towards bits, with mBTC staying as formal names. Of course, there's no official word on this. But the foundation has most companies as its members, so I expect there will be a discussion and vote, and then the companies will lead the way by using new terminology in their apps, websites, branding etc. But every idea needs time for the community to reach some opinion, and the one on bits seems quite positive so far.
@_date: 2014-05-19 11:01:05
That looks like an awesome production man!
Now that it's done, have you ever been interested in a subsequent non-artistic project, like a documentary?
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:13:13
Nobody stole from you. You bought $200 of bitcoin, it took a few days over the holidays to process, and in the mean time the value of bitcoins decreased.
Just ask yourself, would you have complained if you bought $200 of bitcoin, it took a few days to process while the value of bitcoin appreciated by 25%, and you ended up with $200 instead of $250?
I mean, it's not that hard. Let's call them apples instead of bitcoins. If you buy 10 apples and they get shipped and suddenly the price of apples doubles while they're being shipped, you don't expect only 5 apples to arrive all of a sudden, right?
Whether they took money from your bank account instantly or the next day doesn't really change the fact you entered into a contract the moment you pressed 'buy'. Yes that button indeed constitutes a contract.
So you can complain they took too long to 'ship' your apples. That's fine, a legitimate complaint. But you can't say they stole some of your apples. You got exactly the same amount of apples, they're just not worth as much, and that's a risk you took when you bought the apples. What I mean by that is whatever x amount of bitcoin you bought when you pressed that button, that's what you ended up getting. Nobody stole from you. Circle's not in the business of ensuring bitcoins don't lose money after you buy them and bearing the risk you take as the owner of bitcoin, to expect them to is absurd.
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:34:57
Connected in a figurative sense, yes that's pretty likely. He may not be connected directly. But he may for example be running coins through a tumbler service which is connected to that node. For example, if he moved his coins through Coinbase (he's not, for the sake of the example) then Coinbase might be connected to that node but not him. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:25:50
That's fascinating, nice work! 1 upvote
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:27:08
You're asking what the difference is between writing down an address on a piece of paper, or engraving it into metal? Yes, the fact it's more durable is the only real benefit here.
I've got the feeling there's more to your question, feel free to elaborate if I missed something.
@_date: 2015-01-06 22:53:07
Guess who allows easy bitcoin integration?
Wouldn't be surprised to see that happen this year.
@_date: 2015-05-21 22:22:22
It's not totally stupid. People forget that the current internet protocol wasn't the only one, there were many, many even deemed to be superior. This one won out. You can draw parallels to bitcoin here, but the notion that nobody ever wanted to build alternative internet networks and protocols is false, and for a long time it looked like the one that won out in the end (which we use today) was the underdog and not favorited by large businesses who were pushing other (sometimes their own) protocols, among which giants like Microsoft and IBM at the time.
Do I think there is a viable blockchain besides bitcoin? No. But it doesn't mean it's totally dumb and that we ought to dismiss everything else. (I tend to dismiss everything but bitcoin myself as I just don't have the time and resources to evaluate every prospect, but large businesses and universities would do well to keep a broad perspective while putting most but not all resources on bitcoin, rather than dismiss everything but bitcoin).
@_date: 2015-01-08 00:03:11
Thanks buddy! Appreciate it :)
@_date: 2015-01-29 20:06:48
The quick cop-out answer which incidentally has a lot of value is 'there is none, and that's a feature'.
I know it sucks but it's hard to have your cake and eat it too. At the fundamental level there needs to be a way to receive money, and for that money to be yours, unequivocally, without recourse. If that isn't the case, then you never have full autonomy, it's never your money, it's merely money in your account that can be taken away by a second party, so you're again at the mercy of others in your autonomy and ownership.
Bitcoin was the system to solve that.
Does that work well in a consumer-facing setting? I'm not sure, probably not. Bitcoin is just a protocol, there's no particular reason why humans have to use it. The majority of humans may come to prefer a reversible system built on top of bitcoin where bitcoin is just the protocol to unite many different payment systems and gateways and act as a network for businesses and services build on top of it which have a dispute system for edge cases.
That having been said, there are various things that prevent mistaken funds making it very unlikely to happen (I've never in my life made such a mistake with my banking for example). Like BIP 70 that works with confirmations, the checksums that are part of the protocol (typo being a valid address is extremely rare), and over time we'll likely abstract out public keys (you'll have one linked to say your Facebook, and so you'll just click a friend's face to send him money rather than type in a long address). And lastly culture, too. When you send money to the wrong address it's 99.999999% of the time a mis-chosen address, as opposed to a typo ending up with a valid random address. So you'll just have to contact that party and explain, and you'll be able to sign the now-spent output to prove you owned it and just request for mis-sent funds to be sent back to you. Which means each individual has to keep a record of what addresses they send money to and who the owner is of the address which is naturally obviously known (you don't send random people money) and thus there is recourse there, you simply contact them and if not go to the authorities and show blockchain proof. (yes, if bitcoin becomes big enough then such claims will be taken seriously as any other dispute would.) But none of that removes the fact that once the bitcoins are on another address to which you don't know the keys, there's no way to access them, and that's great.
@_date: 2015-01-16 03:41:08
LOL, since when did MK become a freaking yakuza boss! This is hilarious, you can't write this shit as someone else posted earlier.
I wonder, by the way, whether anyone will want to support MK (if any of this ends up being true) like they did Ross on the same grounds. (webhosting is not a crime blablabla). Of course the answer largely will be no which will reveal some hypocrites. Well let's see.
@_date: 2015-01-19 20:08:10
Well you could also ask: What happens if the price goes up by 10%?
Or you could ask another thing that's not very likely to happen (like a big price swing in the span of an hour) like: What happens if a refrigerator falls on your face as you make a sandwich?
All jokes aside, it's uncommon and over time it becomes less common. Until then, I'd urge anyone to transfer their bitcoin to the remittance service straight away, after all they lock in the price for you.
Additionally one can also opt to use services that lock in the price like Bitreserve or Coinapult Locks. This way you could for example buy $100 of bitcoin and tie its value to the dollar, meaning a year later you still have $100 of bitcoin no matter the price fluctuation. Or euros, yen, gold etc. This is only needed if you want to buy bitcoin but not remit it straight away.
In other words, it's something to consider but it's certainly not a deal breaker.
@_date: 2015-05-18 21:39:48
I don't think you fully appreciate the economics of mining. :-/
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:32:44
Wish they did a discount for btc though. As a merchant myself I know it costs them more to get paid through Paypal than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:12:01
Ah I think it's certainly possible for low dollar amounts to occur, but it would be an incidental thing that happens every now and then. This user talks about how he bought 20 bitcoins and pretty much all of it was bought through thousands of 0.002 bitcoin purchases.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:16:08
Kind of a shit post, to be honest. It rehashes some truthful statements (e.g. bitcoin usage at merchants mostly means bitcoins are being sold), but 'so what?'. There is no clear conclusion attached to it.
For example, the price isn't 'weak' at all. What makes you think it's 'weak'? The price is up 75k percent since inception. If a year ago you'd have asked do you think a price of $400 is weak, people would ask what you're smoking.
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:14:51
You're confusing morality with law. Whatever is legal isn't necessarily moral. Everything Hitler did was lawful in his country at the time, he was the one writing the law, but it wasn't moral.
So let's remove law for a second and look at it clearly. Someone accidentally sent you something, without thereby giving you moral rights to this something. He requests it back. Someone sends it back to him. That's completely moral. Whoever was the accidental final recipient of this item doesn't matter, as he never had any moral rights to have this item, it was an accident that has now been restored.
I mean you have to be pretty fucking heartless to argue legalities here. And that's what you're doing because when you say this:


You obviously don't see that these 3btc weren't mining fees except in the legal technical sense, they were accidentally sent bitcoin. It's not "YOUR MINING FEES" to put it in your all-caps at all to begin with. It's an accidentally sent bitcoin. It's not your call at all, to choose to keep these fees. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 23:16:29
My hat goes off to you sir.
@_date: 2015-01-06 00:13:00
Seems like quite an overstatement to me he's putting his name on the line. Figuratively to some extent, sure, but he'll be regarded as a SV and VC legend regardless. It's the nature of venture capital to make 100 bets and for 99 to go terribly wrong. You'll invest $500k in 100 companies and 99 will lose virtually all your money and one of them turns out to be the next Facebook and ends up being worth $50 billion. The respected VCs are not those who never get it wrong, but those who got it right a few times in a major way. Which is why he himself classifies bitcoin as a quintessential VC bet. (these are mostly his words btw).
But yeah, he's been pretty vocal about it and he truly believes and understands the implications of a protocol layer. He's worked with one (TCP/IP that he always refers to) as a pioneer in building the web at Netscape. And he made quite a few bets already, Coinbase being the most notable one. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 00:05:52
Props to Sakurity, and thanks for posting this.
Hope this is another wake up call to anyone who's running a hot wallet on a server and doesn't know exactly what he's doing (i.e. hires security expertise and pays for regular penetration testing).
Cause let's be clear here, they spent 8 hours dedicated to trying to penetrate this exchange (at a $400 rate per hour) and ended up able to steal about $100k. (but reported it and were awarded $270).
There's a lot of expertise out there that isn't as moral. I encourage anyone to build bitcoin projects, I develop stuff all the time and it's a lot of fun. But use a couple dollars worth for testing, or better yet, use testnet bitcoins, but don't put it out and keep tons of bitcoins on your server behind primitive security walls. Build a prototype. If it works, hire some security expertise, if you can't afford it then take your prototype to VCs or crowdfund. Whatever you do, just don't become a custodian of hundreds of bitcoins, let alone thousands, if you haven't figured out your security properly.
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:08:49
Nonsense. Every single ponzi scheme in the world could have a great reputation and past performance.
Until they don't.
And when they don't, a known person with a known identity can be held accountable.
An unknown person can disappear.
I'm not saying anonymity is bad, is inherently untrustworthy, or that known people can inherently be trusted and can always be held accountable. I'm not saying any of that. But the notion that trustworthiness doesn't rely at all on identity and that past performance is a guarantor, and that as long as past performance is great there is no reasonable reason to mistrust, is silly, it's naive, and it's incompatible with hundreds of examples in human history like most ponzi schemes that perform great until they collapse. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 04:48:43
They have close to 2 million wallets. And contrary to blockchain.info, Coinbase wallets aren't as often used as throwaway wallets because so many of them are connected to a verified identity / bank account (which can only have 1 wallet, not 50 throwaway ones).
It's not strange then to see complaints. If 0.1% of users were affected by an issue that's still thousands of users every month. And generally we expect small rates of users to run into problems. (look at Taxis, Airplanes, Taxes, Phones, Internet, Restaurants. A rate of 1 in 1 thousand is generous).
Meanwhile, they likely have a few million in daily sales at a 1% fee, meaning they have millions in revenue per year. Together with $30m in funding, enough to last until their next round. Obviously given the nature of the company, its vision and its funders, they're looking to turn this into a billion dollar business. And the biggest thing they need for that is not a bit of money, they've been funded, it's growth, which means satisfying customers and retaining them. So this notion that they're trying to skim some money by lying and scamming their own customer base by intentionally cancelling purchases when the price goes up is ridiculous.
Does that mean it's not true? No. It means you have to provide evidence. And I haven't seen anyone do a comprehensive study about the number of times this happens, and the number of times the opposite happens (payments cancelled when the price drops).
Oh, you did mention some hint of evidence: a quick search for 'coinbase' in Alright. I literally typed that in, nothing else, no filters or sorting changed. Halfway down the page, not a single topic about this. And then, yes, there is one. A guy who bought bitcoin on Oct 17th, he posted this on Oct 23rd, saying they cancelled his purchase.
So I looked up the price to see if this confirms your theory. Sorry, the price dropped like $30 which would have cost him money if the purchase went through. 
So that's BS on your 'They won't cancel your tx if the price goes down' part, literally from the first thread about cancelled transactions.
And then there's another one, the only other one about this topic on that page. I'll quote:


How about that, they honored his order even though the price tripled. Holy shit, it's almost as if they behave like the company I described, a VC-funded company looking to grow rapidly (i.e. it's not perfect) by not trying to screw customers over small amounts of money if at all possible.
Does that mean they're perfect, that I won't be able to find examples of the sort you talk about? No. I've been around this board, I know what you're referring to, it's a problem, it exists. What I'm saying is that you're implying they're thieving and lying and screwing customers intentionally, skim money when the price goes up by cancelling orders, and never ever ever cancel when the price goes down. That's just bullshit. A claim for which you provide no evidence, yet a claim that is also contrary to what we should expect from a company acting in its own self-interest, and contrary even to posts on this board. I wish this community took a slightly greater standard when accusing companies.
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:39:02
Well it's more of a slide show of photos of pretty people, some screenshots of the app with some promotional sentences like 'bitcoin made easy' or 'money for the modern world' overlaid.
TV commercials are completely different. There's generally no photos or slideshow, but moving images instead (e.g. people using the product), and you tend to have very little text (only the logo, a price, a website. But generally not slogans), instead you either have a customer, or a voice over talking about how awesome the product is.
If you were to do that, you'd basically throw away the entire video and end up with something completely new. 
As for length, it's not terrible. 69 seconds. Commercials can be 60 seconds, but 30 seconds is more common, the issue with 60s ones is that people tend to lose interest and brand recognition doesn't improve as viewers can't recall the brand anymore after tuning out. There's also 15s commercials which are usually to support a 30s core campaign and serve as a reminder. So yeah length isn't ideal, but it's not the biggest problem.
Here's a great example by Bitpay, 30 seconds: 
Compare it with the Circle video and you can see that one was made for TV and the other wasn't.
@_date: 2015-05-19 02:24:08
First of all, a biggest-ever funded company with such an all-star team and board, is not here to do something for 2-3 years. They want to do something big, they're betting on an industry that's as easy to use as email (and already is to some extent using e.g. Circle, or Changetip or Coinbase). So the notion that this will be a hugely successful company in 10 years (which is the very minimum goal of a VC backed company) but that nobody still uses bitcoin, is very illogical.
But more importantly, the plan makes no sense. Hell it doesn't even have to be complex, bought a phone that's outa satoshis? Call your operator and give him your number, they'll give you 10 cents worth, or tens of thousands of satoshis, and take you off the list for a few years. I mean hell if you can sell a router, a fridge, a smartphone, you can sell or offer some service to put some satoshis on there, let's not conflict it with people who trade on exchanges today, or conflict it with the ease of use for bitcoin in 5 years from now.
Look if you want some satoshis, you load them onto the device. 
This is ridiculous. Know how much 1 million satoshis costs? About $2. If you want to generate 10 satoshis a day like you mentioned, that'll last you 100k days. Now I don't know how long you plan to live, but I think that'll last. Let's say you want to use your device for 10 years, say your phone, you only need 2 or 3 pennies of bitcoin.
The notion that instead, you put in a chip worth a few bucks, that uses electricity everyday worth a few bucks, that drains your smartphones battery the rest of the day, to generate some a few pennies in the span of 10 years... it's ridiculous.
Anyway enough hypotheticals I'm just interested in hearing about a real usecase where this makes sense. Until then I'm happy to reserve judgement, or rather say it looks like a shit idea, but I'm fully open to the notion it's a solid idea given the team, board, backing and bank account they've got going. Who am I to argue with guys like Marc Andreessen. So I'll just be patient and see what comes out of this.
I hope to see the idea of mining get downplayed and the focus on dedicated hardware wallets (i.e. sort of a trezor chip in every device) become the focus of a new bitcoin-based IoT industry. That'd be very appealing. But the whole mining bit doesn't seem to make sense in the story.
@_date: 2015-01-06 16:01:30
Anyone here willing to buy me a game using bitcoin? (it's about $2) I'll send you the money :) Problem is they only allow bitcoin sales for US customers it seems. (Europe here)
edit: got it!
@_date: 2015-01-29 12:36:43
Yeah I'm wondering, too. But they have 2.2m wallets and 2m users. So perhaps users is a verified user with a linked bank account. I don't know.
@_date: 2015-01-12 18:12:47
It's not really different from doing it the normal way with fiat money.
Basically it depends on the counterparty of your bet. If he trusts you and says 'you're solvent by then', then he might let you make that payment when the time comes (i.e. no money is tied up). This is a bit like the risk of credit, and there are tons of counterparties like banks that take this risk. They'll loan you money for 10 years and face the risk you might not be around by then to pay it back. 
Of course there are lots of supporting structures, the law being the most important one. If you write in a contract the conditions of payment in 10 years from now, you are beholden to pay it under the rule of law. And so even if you die, your assets will still be liable to go to one of your creditors (the bank who lent you money, or the guy you lost the bet to) up to the value you're indebted to pay.
You might pay the counterparty some premium to compensate for this risk. (e.g. interest rates are made up of several elements, default risk, inflation risk, currency risk etc, on top of the so called risk-free rate).
Or the money IS tied up, in which case you and the counterparty both have 1 key (thus neither of you can move money around individually, but can together) and the oracle has one key (which will respond by 2026). You could then both decide to sign that into a low-risk fund if you wanted.
That's a choice, and I doubt it will be a popular one to make bets tying up money for 10 years. It's more realistic to have other forms of contracts or shorter-term bets or longer-term bets where your counterparty accepts not locking up the money for years.
In short, I don't think bitcoin is terribly unique in this case. Except for the fact that it does have deflationary aspects as a currency, as new supply of money will drop below 0.1% not so long from now, and as some bitcoins (like fiat money) is lost (through mistakes, natural causes, death etc) while demand increases (population growth, productivity/economic growth), it's not unlikely to see the value of bitcoins increase over the long-term. That still not the same as presenting time value of money, because on top of deflation there'll still likely be a discount rate, so there'll always remain an incentive not to lock up money.
Anyway in short I think your intuitions on this topic are correct. Bitcoin doesn't magically solve the issue of having no counterparty risk, retaining the ability to use money (which is in conflict with no-counterparty risk) and do this over long-periods of time like a decade. The rule of law, incentives (risk premiums) and multi-signature accounts can all help facilitate and manage these deals, but they're not magic afaik.
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:22:00
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:05:53
Ugh... company valuations have very little to nothing to do with money supply. It's an apples and oranges comparison.
For example, in a hypothetical culture where everyone was inclined to spend their money quite quickly after earning it, you'd have a huge velocity of money. At high enough velocities of money, you could run entire country's financial systems with just a few billion dollars worth of tokens, even when the country's GDP is in the trillions, even if all the wealth in the country is worth tens of trillions.
Bitcoin is in large part a network for transmission. Its utility is its transmission of value. It's like comparing the size of my harddrive (1 terabyte) with the speed of my internet (1MB/S) and saying 'what the fuck, my internet sucks'. It's not a proper comparison.
And no, you couldn't simply buy all bitcoins for $7b. If you'd try to buy 50% of all bitcoins the price would likely have shot up to a few hundred billion dollars. Meanwhile if you try to buy Snapchat for $15b, it's pretty much yours instantly, no caveats. 
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:05:50
There was no trust in Satoshi, there was trust in his code which was open-source, freely available for anyone to run, use, modify, fork, copy.
Look at Moolah. The moment Moolah CEO's identity was uncovered properly he faced legal issues and the judge summoned him to pay back the money he owes. And if he can't then the legal system has very serious implications for him. 
The legal system is not perfect, but obviously the chance at recourse and accountability is better when the person is known rather than unknown. Does that mean every known person can and will be held accountable, or that anonymous people are by definition going to abuse their ability to disappear? No of course not, and nobody is saying that. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:25:24


Eh no not really. SV logic is to pivot and pivot and pivot till you find what's called 'product/market fit', then you grow.
I do agree with the larger point you're implying here: it's okay to be unprofitable as long as you grow. If you grow, that means there's traction, and potential for a viable business. Which means you can at some point monetize it and become profitable, or have the requirements (traction/growth) to raise a second round of VC.
But that logic doesn't include spending stupid money. At this point we have *no clue* what these lay offs entail, or even if they happened in the first place. (see here: 
For example, it could be they just built a one-stop-shop for customer services allowing them to lay off a number of people manning the phone. They may have automated their integration into existing payment solutions allowing them to cut back on sales engineers. They may have fully shifted from manually selling their bitcoins to automated mechanisms allowing them to drop some finance guys.
In short, we can speculate either way: bad news or good news. In any case I don't think it's very plausible they just laid off 15-20% of their essential workforce 6 months after going from $3m in funds to $30m in funds, adding a few billion-dollar retailers, putting lots of not-finished projects in the pipeline and doing the biggest bitcoin marketing event we've seen so far, as well as opening a couple new offices. It's more likely it's either bs, or they're simultaneously firing and re-hiring to get more expertise, i.e. it's not unlikely they're firing the relatively lower-skilled employees you could get enthusiastic about bitcoin in 2011 when they had 500k funding, and hiring veteran engineers in 2015 with $30m in funding.
Hope to get some actual answers soon, it's always better than to speculate. But if I did have to speculate, it leans on the positive side rather than the negative.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:31:17
Software engineers have skill specializations as well as personal interests which both have to fit, and for Ryan they were both extremely heavy into cryptocurrency type stuff. Their only engineering positions are data engineer or native apps, while he's more of a front-end web (javascript, nodejs, angular etc, mean stack basically) / crypto guy. There's no real fit either in skills or interests so it's probably better to find a better fit than to try to force someone to change their interests and skillset.
@_date: 2015-01-10 19:04:37
Look you're not the first one to have thought of this. Bitstamp's $5m doesn't even come close to the top 25% of most valuable targets on AWS. Infosec is a big industry and AWS makes ample use of it. 
@_date: 2014-04-11 15:54:06
What about practice. Have there been proof of stake coins which have subsequently been double-spent?
Also, would you think a combination of proof of work and proof of stake is possible and better than either one alone?
@_date: 2014-07-08 10:19:23
'Nobody had a problem with this' -&gt; 'Flat out untrue' -&gt; 'give me an example' -&gt; 'of course they had no problem'?
Alright, then I guess I wasn't missing anything. Anyway thanks for all the clarification.
@_date: 2014-04-16 21:00:01
If someone has a good argument for x being y I'd personally equate that with x seeming to be y. But if you want to argue semantics, I'm good :p You can take it how you want it.
As for a broker-dealer, it's not relevant what bitcoin is to the question of whether they're a broker-dealer. Broker-dealers deal in securities, which can be anything (e.g. oil, butter, dollars, debt or even weather derivatives, which are nothing more than financial instruments based on whether it's going to rain or not for example. It's clear bitcoin can be a security just fine).
Also, Coinbase actually does also have an MSB license just like CoinMKT or Atlas does. Can't find SecondMarkets' license though.
@_date: 2015-01-22 23:03:34
I don't disagree, I'm just saying that it's a hard sell to people who earn $1 to $3 a day, barely have savings if at all and struggle to subsist when spending the entirety of their disposable income, people without access to welfare to fall back on if things go sour. For them to bear the risk of seeing their money (and directly their livelihood) drop by a factor of two or three or even four, or lose their money when they make a human mistake (data entry mistakes that even rocket scientists make) for the sake of challenging the banking system isn't just naive but it's also wrong. That's the type of people Gates is talking about here, not you and me.
The currency you describe would definitely be interesting but so far I've not seen technical proposals. Yes you can generate supply on a benchmark of some basket of goods, but how do you revoke supply when the benchmark goes the other way? And how do you calculate the basket of goods in a place where the gray (unaccounted) market is bigger than the accounted market, where the data doesn't even exist. Let alone the issue of corruption and manipulation, even if your protocol finds datasets on prices and trade, how do you verify it's not manipulated? Using a central backer would just introduce either a government or a body that the government could exert pressure on, regulate and control. 
In any case I agree it's an imperfect system. My point is not that there's a solution out there today that is both extremely consumer friendly as well as extremely politically neutral and fair. Rather my point was that where Gates is a fan of Mpesa, I've described a system built on parts that have already been built and function today, that is safer, less volatile, cheaper and with the same oversights as Mpesa, which utilizes bitcoin. It's not supposed to be a perfect proposal without problems, rather its a proposal that is 'merely' better than Mpesa, an invention that powers the vast majority of Kenya's transactions today, using bitcoin. And that's pretty cool.
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:14:44


Banks tend to let businesses pay, a rate of 10c per $1k is pretty common, sometimes even less than 1c per $1k. That's 0.01% to 0.001%. Coinbase can easily front that. (after all, every purchase is 1%, so paying 1 or 0.1 penny on every dollar they earn from commissions to pay for insurance for their customer funds is an easy decision to make, don't you think?)


Me neither.


So? That has nothing to do with customer funds. There is a difference (mandatory by law) between company funds and custodial funds. i.e. you may not go and invest customer funds (unless you're licensed as such and the customer wants you to, not applicable in this case). The fact that they hold their own company assets (not custodial funds) in an interest bearing account is completely irrelevant. Even if Coinbase takes their own money and gambles it away, nobody cares because custodial funds may not be law be touched and they're still safe.
So I really don't see what the problem is.
But I also want to again, take a step back and ask 'is this what this thread is about?'. No. The thread is about auditing Coinbase's cryptocurrency funds. These funds are on the blockchain, not in an FDIC bank. The discussion in this thread on auditing crypto storage has nothing to do with your issue of USD balances. Either you're just starting a new discussion here out of the blue or you're confused about what's going on? In any case I do believe I'm missing your point.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:48:27
How many Bitcoin private keys can an average current model notebook computer guess per second?
A lot, millions of them can be generated.




Yes, of course, if it's a computer it can do computer things like calculations.


You understood right. While it's possible to guess millions of keys per second (an absolutely massive number at first glance), it's no comparison to an almost incomprehensible number of actual possible keys. 
i.e. if you ran all existing computers in the world, and all computers ever made in the past, and all those made in the past, and generated trillions upon trillions of keys per second, you wouldn't get any result for billions of years.
It's like finding a single unique water atom in an ocean. Even if your hands can grab billions of atoms at a time by grabbing some water out of the ocean, you'll never find that single unique atom.
This goes for random private keys. But private keys are sometimes foolishly generated from non-random sources, like a poem, someone's name or birthday. And computers can and do scan these keys and sweep them and people have lost money this way. 
Here's a fun picture on 256-bit keys that bitcoin uses.
What kind of hardware or software you could then use, like whether to use a PC or a phone app, is just a bit of a silly question. It's like asking 'is it possible to find a single water atom in the ocean, and if so, should I use a bucket, a cup, a spoon?'. If you're wondering about the technicalities, you'd basically download the blockchain to get a list of addresses with money on them, then you'd start generating keys (basic random function that has little to do with bitcoin), then you generate addresses from these keys and see if you get a match with addresses in the blockchain, for example. What I talked about earlier is generating keys from poems and such, so that's something software can do. It takes a list of words like a dictionary or interesting pieces of text (like songs, poems, sayings), birthdays, names etc, and generates keys from em and checks if there's money on them. For any hit, you take the key and use it to sign a transaction sending the money to yourself. Voila.
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:55:37
It's not insanely bold.
There's 3 limits. CPU (the least significant, for verifying signatures), bandwidth (probably the biggest issue, for transferring transactions to many nodes), and storage (second biggest issue, for storing the blockchain).
The reason why storage isn't the biggest issue is because of pruning. For example say I give you 1 bitcoin 1 million times and you give me 1 bitcoin 1 million times. Nothing changes. Now fast forward 100 years. Do we really need to store all data of all 2 million transactions, even though they're very far in the past and didn't change the amount of wealth we had registered on the blockchain?
The answer is no most of the time. This means we can keep the result (we both still have 1 bitcoin) but remove all the redundant data (2 million transactions). Technically it's a bit more complex, but the result is we only need to store recent data and unspent outputs, and that's less than 1 gigabyte today while the full blockchain is tens of gigabytes.
CPU is the smallest issue as verifying transactions is cheap, you can already verify thousands of transactions per second on a regular home PC.
Bandwidth is the biggest issue, any transaction has to be relayed to multiple nodes.
ANYWAY, for all these 3 limits there are known growth rates which have been quite steady for many years now. They're roughly 50-60%, I like to put 'm at 55% or so. Nielsen's law for bandwidth, Kryder's for Storage and most famously but in our case least relevant, Moore's law for CPU.
So every 2 years that's 1.55^2 = 2.4x growth in capability.
So to grow by 2x per year is certainly not crazy. Also, let's not forget, we're currently probably 'underpowering' nodes, i.e. our current computers can handle much more than today's 1mb or even 20mb blocks.
For example, Gavin's home PC can already handle 200 megabyte blocks today, and his PC is from 2012. So if a home PC can do 200mb blocks in 2012, then a similar home PC can do in 2025 200 * 1.55 ^ 13 = 60 gigabyte blocks.
So the goal of trying to get to 400mb blocks when in theory a home PC could do 60gig blocks, isn't insanely bold.
Lastly, we must not forget that Coinbase just got a half a billion dollars of valuation, just 2-3 years after launching. In 10 years from now, one of two things will happen. 
1) bitcoin won't grow, nobody cares about it, blocks don't get filled anyway so it doesn't matter if blocks have a 10mb limit or a 10 petabyte limit.
2) bitcoin will grow into a massively important platform and many companies like Google or Facebook or Coinbase will run their own nodes on industry-grade servers that can easily relay 100x as much information as a home PC could. Many smaller nodes can co-exist with these larger ones by relaying only some blocks and some transactions but not others.
My point is, that not only can a home PC do these things, but it's very likely we won't be using home PCs to relay transactions of a trillion dollar financial network in 2025.
So I don't think it's so bold at all. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 06:21:50


Sure find me some numbers. What is the CPT you refer to? I'm not too familiar with professional abbreviations in English. 
But look we're not talking about an airline here (cost of airplanes &amp; jet fuel etc dwarf cost of pilots &amp; stewards). We're talking about a Saas company, if you're not familiar Saas companies tend to spend the vast bulk of their money on employment, a bit on servers (very little for Bitpay, a lot for Amazon), and the rest in cost of acquiring customer (mostly employment costs, too, and a bit of paid marketing).
So I'm really curious what kind of costs you're talking about. You mentioned offices in 'expensive' cities and I covered that already by earmarking 5x the amount they're known to have paid at their Atlanta office for years, I've covered benefits and equity, employment and their big marketing deal, and you still don't get anywhere, anywhere, near the $50k per month you need to burn their capital this year.


You literally did. That thing I put in quotation marks? It was a quote. From you. Here I'll format it nicely for ya:




Ah no my bets are with a trusted moderator through a multi-sig wallet which neither of us will fully control, it's quite trustworthy and incident-proof. (i.e. if the trusted mod gets hit by a bus, we can both co-sign a transaction to return our own bets to each other). Unless you put absolutely no trust in Bash, the mod that runs the moronic mondays and tuesday tipping threads and is known to be a standup guy.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:03:36
Waiting for Bitreserve to launch their own SMS gateway. 
Then people in any country can basically have mobile money like Mpesa using bitcoin, but without its volatility. Instead they'd have SMS wallets in dollars. 
It'd be absolutely awesome.
@_date: 2015-01-22 16:39:01
Can't think of many better companies I'd rather want to speak to the Department of the Treasury than Bitpay. 
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:32:18
It depends if it's excessive, if you get 1 terabyte blocks it'll get exploited quickly for denial of service and disk filling attacks, but generally no. I don't expect any security issues with say a 10 or 20 megabyte block, and eventually with even far bigger blocks. In any case a lot of the issues that could exist when making blocks bigger (lack of incentives for miners to relay large blocks) will mostly be covered by impending changes (like invertible bloom filters and dynamic transaction fees).
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:17:42


That's a function of bitcoin's price. That's a BTC chart.
For example imagine bitcoin was suddenly 1 million times more expensive. Would it make sense to see that chart go up by 1 million? Of course not. You'd see the chart go down by 1 million times, and you'd end up with exactly the same fees in dollars, the value around which mining investments are made, hardware prices are priced to, electricity prices are priced to etc.
Beyond that, fee reductions constantly have happened to adjust for a higher value bitcoin. e.g. this article from last year on cutting the price by tenfold:
That's why you see the amount of bitcoin fees go down, while the dollar value in fees went up generally in the past few years as the price increased and transactions increased.


How can you disagree that a larger block (= more transactions = more fees) means more revenue? It's literally a box in which you put things (transactions) that generate revenue (fees). It's not something you can disagree on, it's a fact that a bigger block earns more than a smaller block, ceteris paribus.
Does that mean it's enough to sustain block rewards right away? No not necessarily, that wasn't my claim? In the short-term we'll obviously see revenues decrease because block rewards will halve in 2 years and it's unlikely we'll see 100x growth in 2 years (I'm expecting perhaps 10x growth in 2 years). I'm talking long-term though, when block rewards are near zero and we fill 16 gigabyte sized blocks. After all that's the whole point of this discussion, right? Can we scale, technically? Not will we scale.
If we do scale (whether we will is outside the scope of this discussion) to 16 gigabyte blocks, we'll see 16 million transactions per block. If each cost only a penny, you get $600k block rewards from fees alone. Today the block reward is $5k. So obviously a bigger block even at dirt-cheap transaction fees of 1 penny will, in 20 years, be able to fund 120x the amount of funding for bitcoin security through mining as today.
If we don't scale (i.e. not if we can't, but if we don't, like if bitcoin is just not popular enough and nobody wants to use it) then the whole question of whether we *can* scale is redundant. Who cares if Myspace servers can't handle 1 billion users, it'll never get that many anyway. 
The point is that if bitcoin does get a shit ton of users enough to fill large blocks that we can technically grow to, then transaction fees will FAR out outweigh the amount of block rewards generate in revenue today.
As for all the stuff about choking up the network, it seems logically unsound considering that the current network is fine today (and underused) and that the growth rates of block sizes is set *below* the growth rate of technological capacity. Again, Gavin has tested this thoroughly and he can already run 200mb blocks on his 3 year old 2012 home PC, so 20mb is already massively cautious. They're starting with 16mb. And then that 16mb will grow 40% per year, while tech capacity (network, storage, cpu) follow Nielsen's, Kryder's and Moore's law which are 50-60%. Only by 2023, in 8 years from now, that 16mb will have become more than 200mb. Again if you missed it, Gavin's home PC in 2012 could already do 200mb blocks, so by 2023 I think we can manage a 200mb blocks, too, when a computer more than a decade old was already able to do it (without bloom filters). Especially because technology (cpu, storage, network) is set to grow by 33x in that 8-year timespan. (meaning the 2020 equivalent of Gavin's 2012 PC would be able to do 33x 200mb blocks by 2020, let alone 2023.)
Also don't forget bloom filters cut total data in half as we're not repeating transaction data in blocks when transactions data have already propagated. With that working you can immediately see network improve making Gavin's 2012 home PC able to power even bigger blocks than 200mb today, let alone in 2023 which the current proposal suggests, which is a very cautious proposal all these things considered.
The transaction withholding attack isn't any different from withholding blocks from a miner (meaning they're mining a different chain and any blocks they mine will be invalidated). It's a basic denial of service attack which hasn't really been a problem (despite mining being a $300m industry already), after all we work with a decentralized model, it's very difficult to DoS attack thousands of nodes and prevent a node or miner from receiving transaction data. I agree these things have to be assessed further, no doubt I'm always for more research, but my initial assumption is that it's not a deal breaker.
@_date: 2015-01-07 00:59:26
This is pretty cool news.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:24:48
Hah! You got me :p
@_date: 2015-01-20 21:53:25
Just use their multi-sig product if you don't trust em? You get full control of the keys and can audit your own stash.
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:20:57
Not taking any position on whether anyone is lying.
But I'll say this: a claim that seems implausible to me, without a source, without any other other websites reporting on it (except those that quote this one, i.e. same origin), without reaching out to Bitpay, on a website that looks like shit, means I'm not going to jump on the bandwagon and immediately believe it. 
I did read one other article on this (also quoting this same qntra website) that mentions 6 people instead of 9. 
In any case, I'm welcoming a source here. Not trying to argue to win, I just genuinely need more information before I believe a top 3 bitcoin company that just raised $30m, opened new offices, launched new beta products, on-boarded a few billion-dollar retailers, laid off a significant portion of its workforce without any source or any word from Bitpay, just because a crappy looking website said so.
(To whoever runs this website, no offence on the crappy looking website btw, not talking about content, but it just looks crap. At least slap some 5-minute CSS on it, like Bootstrap or something. It'll make a world of difference)
@_date: 2015-01-08 00:38:59


Haha indeed! I bought a strategy game with bitcoin for $2 just yesterday with some tips I've collected over the past year, it's crazy that I got paid pennies by tens of different people from all over the world, who didn't know me, on an anonymous account, and then bought some entertainment with that! 
Hopefully before 2020 I can get a drone to deliver me an actual beer the next time I receive such a generous tip as yours! :) (altough, takeaway.com has about 100 restaurants in my city that take bitcoin and deliver things like pizza in 25 minutes for about $15 haha. So I'll be saving tips for that experience, should be a blast :P)
Thanks again!
@_date: 2015-01-29 19:49:12
You're missing the point. It's not that it's not a valid concern, that's not anyone's claim here, it's that it's brought up disproportionately often. I wrote a bit about this here:
In fairness Gates did actually say something along the lines of 'bitcoin has this problem just like any other new technology'. But still, why even bring it up? 
Sure if he worked at the department of defence and was known as a top security, sure, that's relevant to his job and field of work. But that's not his position. He's a technologist that speaks 3-4 lines on a new technology and brings up the fact that it could be used for terrorism. It's just ridiculous. It's as if every single comment or article on Google Driverless cars also mention that 'terrorists could use the driverless cars for suicide bomb attacks'. It'd be a completely ridiculous thing to say unless you specifically worked in the field of anti-terrorism or if you were speaking at an anti-terrorism conference. But outside of that niche context it's just basic slander really. 
Especially when the statistics show that you're as likely to die from a fridge falling ontop of you as from terrorism. It's just basic scaremongering. 
The reason I say this is because it's terrible unproductive. For example Bill Gates is a huge fan of Mpesa and digital money. And he doesn't like bitcoin because it's volatile and because your money can go missing if it's sent to the wrong person. 
What's interesting is that Kipochi already built a bitcoin wallet that works on feature phones exactly like Mpesa using an STK interface (not SMS) to get something like this on feature phones: 
That wallet could if they wanted interface with Bitreserve or Coinapult Locks or Tether and lock in the price to that of the dollar, euro or gold. Oh and the transactions could indeed be reversible like Changetip, yet built on bitcoin. And the transactions could be extremely cheap. All built on bitcoin. 
So you get cheap transactions and a stable value (dollar) on your phone. Only it was shut down by carriers at a time when bitcoin barely had a reputation and didn't have a single billion-dollar company accepting it.
Meanwhile in Kenya 90% of transactions are done with Mpesa which charges an insane 10% if you want to send $6 to a friend and the phone credits are in Kenyan shilling, a currency which averaged 11% inflation the past decade, saw 30% inflation a few years ago, saw big volatility swings versus other currencies the past years.
If Gates was really excited about digital currency he'd fund some research and some non-profit digital currency initiatives both using cryptocurrency and non-cryptocurrencies. With a bit of carrier and government support you could get radically improved finance for Kenyans using bitcoin. 
But he can also say it's 'interesting', then say it has a 'terrorism funding' problem and then completely ignore the funding of any legitimate enterprise that could benefit tens of millions of people in Kenya and beyond.
As for calling him a cryptocurrency advocate, that seems a bit too optimistic. At most he's open and excited about its possibilities. But I haven't seen him do any advocating of cryptocurrency. Do you have any links?
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:22:08
wtf, that's ridiculous.
I'm left with a few questions.... like, how long ago were you hired, was it a full-time position, what did you work on since then and what spec/briefing/task did you have? what was the story when you were hired and which parts of that story changed to lead to this decision and why?
Cause right now all I know is Reddit wanted to do a cryptocurrency project, you worked there for months, not much news on it, we suddenly here of an integrated tip button, then like 1-2 days later you're laid off and the entire interest in a crypto project is scrapped?
edit: seems he's been working there for 5 months.
What happened to the reddit asset stuff, is that happening in a non-crypto way now?
In any case, looking forward to your next project Ryan :)
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:32:25
That's like saying there's no business in processing cash or dollars because there's no conversion. These are gigantic industries, from Paypal to Square to Stripe, all 'programmable functions'. Merchant services is obviously way more than converting one currency for another, and that'll be the focus of Bitpay. They're not an exchange after all, they're a merchant services company.
As for the race to the bottom, that's part of every industry. Yet an industry like SaaS is gigantic.
Will Bitpay have to pivot to stay relevant? Absolutely, but so will every other business in the world. And while I'm a big optimist for bitcoin, it's quite likely that the majority of bitcoins will be converted for quite a long time still.
@_date: 2015-01-18 10:12:12
Just my personal opinion: don't break up communities too much into too many niches. (e.g. bitcoin business, bitcoin education, bitcoin in Paris, bitcoin history) until the community is so large that it becomes unwieldy to aggregate everything on one subreddit. The problem with breaking up communication so much is that it becomes hard to follow the top news and get good conversations going.
For CryptoIndia I just don't see the ecosystem being big enough right now to require that. I'd give it a few years, personally. If every day you had some interesting news that only interested people in India and wasn't very relevant to everyone outside of India, sure, you'd want a separate subreddit. 
But look at the subreddit. It's been up for half a week.
1 Meta post: 'should we add a faq'.
2 Posts saying 'come join me at our IRC channel (yes, let's break up near-zero communication into even more channels'.
1 Post about the 'What is bitcoin video' that's years old and has nothing to do with India.
1 'Where are you from in India' post, which has only 1 post 'I'm not from India'. (the OP doesn't even start with himself.
1 'Register for this Crapcoin (Rubycoin) because I will give away 1000 coins to Indian folks. Nothing to do with India, doesn't require you're Indian, and he'll give away 7 cents, up to $1.4 in total. Spam.
1 'Indian bitcoin art'. Isn't bitcoin art, just Indian art sold for bitcoins. Where should this go? Everywhere BUT an Indian community. This is interesting for the rest of the world who can now easily pay using a global currency like bitcoin. This is the type of post that could go on instead.
1 generic question about dark markets that has nothing to do with India.
Just post the Indian art here and remove the rest and you have an empty subreddit up for removal, if you ask me.
Cool idea, but imo we don't really need this right now. Maybe next year? 
@_date: 2015-01-07 15:48:13
That's some kafkaesque shit right there. Hope they get him on the stage for a bit on Skype at least.
@_date: 2015-01-18 16:06:58
No clue. I had the same with Greenmangaming, I just installed Hola, an extension for Chrome that spoofs my IP to look like I'm from the US. Took an extra 30 seconds.
@_date: 2015-01-05 12:58:14
Well the 'spirit of bitcoin' is debatable. A bit like how the ideas of the founding fathers are still debated to this day. 
For me, holding your own bitcoin is a bit like privacy: it's optional, but it must be ensured and must remain possible without requiring permission.
That is, it's my choice to keep my income, my sexual orientation, my political leanings etc private. Nobody has the right to this information, and I require no permission to keep this information to myself.
But generally I do disclose this information to friends and family, colleagues or even institutions.
For me bitcoin is like that. It's my choice to keep my own bitcoins, nobody has the right to force me not to, and I require no permission to hold bitcoin. 
But generally I do keep some of my bitcoins with third parties. But the very fact alone that I don't need them, is an element that keeps them in check. 
Beyond that though, 'being your own bank' is something that isn't super prevalent because it's hard, not because people are opposed to it. It takes time to develop tools, instruments and education around this. Just like running your own production studio was hard 20 years ago, you needed tens of thousands of dollars for cameras, studios etc. Today you can shoot youtube film or music on your phone and edit it with a free app for free without any real education. In bitcoin we're already seeing some of this emerge. Coinbase for example now offers a multi-signature vault. They handle cold storage and security. But you handle the keys, hold autonomy over your own money. Over time holding your own money with the use of redundant third-party services will be so easy, many more people will do it. 
In any case, it's really, really crucial to appreciate the difference between a decentralized network, and a decentralized industry. Humans tend to centralize. Look at cities. They arise because one village is a little bit bigger than the other village, which means there's a little more jobs, a slightly bigger economy, meaning there's more production, more art, more activity, more human interest. So it attracts more people. And eventually you get something like New York or Paris and everyone wants to go there, and people flee rural areas. That's not bad per se. Bitcoin, and many technologies like it, are similar. It happens mostly because of network effects, path dependency and economies of scale. But it's okay, as long as there is an open protocol underneath it, because if there is, there's no longer a single point of control. However awesome company X built on top of protocol Y is, if Y is open to anyone, and X starts to suck, then X has no way of controlling what happens on protocol Y. It's open, permissionless, and soon X will be out of a job. Look at the Internet, how many internet companies failed when they started to suck, because they couldn't prevent you from taking your internet connectivity somewhere else. Then look at Comcast, and you can see what happens if there is no open and permissionless system for competitors, they can suck and survive. Bitcoin isn't like that. 
Does that mean huge monopolies aren't bad? Sure they are, but there isn't much room yet for many competitors. Look at Bitpay, they process about $1m a day. And that's with 0% fees. Their old 1% fees means they'd make 300k per month. That's not even enough to staff 25% of their team, and they don't even charge the 1% anymore. They're probably deeply unprofitable losing a few million a year (which is okay, they have $33m in funding) hoping to grow with the ecosystem. Coinbase is similar. My point is, with unprofitable companies processing small amounts of payments, there's not that much room for many other companies. But if bitcoin processes 1 billion in daily sales, then surely we can expect many parties to find a niche and get a slice of that pie.
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:26:49
Imagine all bitcoin subscribers (113 thousand at the moment) would tweet $1 to a person they wanted to introduce to bitcoin.
The mods should *really* try to hold some bitcoin reddit events like this e.g. monthly. Could make a hige crowd-sourced impact that requires extremely little effort/money from any particular individual.
UPVOTE THIS SHIT!
@_date: 2015-01-11 20:35:30
@_date: 2015-01-03 16:14:57
$300 is quite a bargain actually. Look up rates for typical professional conferences and you'll see why.
You're not supposed to go there if you're interested in bitcoin, there are local meetups for free local networking and all of the talks are made available online for you to see. You're supposed to go there if you actually want to meet all these people face to face, people that flew across the country or across the world to be there and spent two grand to fly over and stay in a hotel, people who run large businesses (like Coinbase or Bitpay, valued at $150m+) who want to network with like minded people, not people who just want to follow bitcoin news. They can find all the content online.
For those kinds of people, $300 is a decent price. And compared to other industries, it's rather cheap, it's a 3 day event. That's $100 per full conference day. 
They have single-day tickets of $350 if you pay in advance or $500 on-site. There are $600 two-day tickets. They have $150/$300 single-session tickets (there are about 25-30 sessions for BTC Miami). And an all access pass is roughly $1450 for the 4-day event.
Yet we have $300 tickets for a 3-day event. I know it's not a small number, but just consider who this event is for, and compare it to some other conferences that have the content this conference has namely: with the top 1% of companies, speakers, investors, media within the particular industry (bitcoin in this case) for 3 days for $300. It's really, really not expensive.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:25:22
Inflation historically has two meanings. Price inflation and supply inflation are two different things. 
Bitcoin has a supply inflation for some time: this year 11%, next year 10%, in 20 years it's less than 0.1%. In other words, in a little over two decades or so, it's likely fewer bitcoins will be created a year than will be 'destroyed' due to lost keys.
Because of this, at some point extremely low inflation of supply, and at some point (due to lost keys), deflating supply, it's a likely outcome that global demand will increase (as adoption/population/production increases) while bitcoin supply will start to slightly shrink, that prices of goods denominated in bitcoin will drop (deflation of prices). This is what gives rise to the deflationary aspect of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-27 18:30:16
1 upvote!
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:56:49
One will explode, then the other, and so on. Right now you invest in companies. They get traction, adoption grows. Bitcoin price grows. Then the price explodes, then the bubble pops partially, and we'll focus on companies again.
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:28:28


If that was true we probably wouldn't need bitcoin in the first place :p
But I think you missed what *I* was saying, which is that payment processing is a gigantic industry and only a small part of it is dedicated to currency conversion or making the transfer possible which I agree at one point will become less important and easier to automate. Almost every single business, even those that have someone hand you physical cash directly, use merchant services, merchant services are much more than that.
You speak of 'programmable functions' as if that means there's no business. Look at literally all of computing and software and communications. They're all programmable functions. But the guys making those programs are the ones in business. 
@_date: 2015-01-20 17:09:22
It's just a joke. Look at what happened after Paypal announced bitcoin integration :P Or Dell or Microsoft accepted it.
The joke is that the more good news there is the worse the price is. Of course they have nothing to do with eachother.
Another joke is 'I just sold my bitcoin, don't thank me you're welcome'. A lot of people have at one point sold their bitcoin and saw the price jump by a lot and missing out on it.
In short they're just jokes about always having bad luck.
@_date: 2015-05-24 00:34:18
Yeah I've visited Beijing myself, studied in China briefly. It's a real shame, I have several friends who've stayed on for a few years for work, learned the language pretty well and hoped to start a business there. But I and everyone else always has the sense that if you're not born there and have extensive networks (including a very trustworthy local partner), you'll just get fucked and there is no institutional protection (i.e. justice system) to intervene properly. It's still possible to be successful but you need very thick skin, a ton of patience, grit and determination. 
I mean some things are fine and one can get over them fairly quickly... but on other weeks it's like this constant chore and hassle to get everything done. Like once I just wanted to grab some money from an ATM to take a taxi home, which was like 50 minutes of driving. I put my card in the ATM and it gets swallowed. And it's nighttime and the bank is closed. So I'm fucked, okay fine, that can happen. Somehow I got home, can't remember... might've called a friend. But then the next day I return because hey, I need my card, it's the only way I can get any money without waiting weeks. (I was just studying there, didn't open a Chinese acc so I just had my foreign card). So I go to the bank and there it starts... no this ATM didn't swallow anything at all the past few days. Oh yeah we checked, we have cards but yours isn't here... oh yeah it is now at a different bank... They inform you of this an hour later, and you drove over here for 50 minutes for that. And it just makes no sense, you just know they're lying to me in my face and I can't even fathom why. It's like I'm in a Kafka novel. So then you make some big statements and some threats and show you're visibly upset, and suddenly there it is your card. 
It's such a small thing but that kind of hassle just faces you all the time it's relentless. Definitely takes away the shine of what has been one of the most awesome countries I've ever had the pleasure of visiting, and a place I could see myself living in some ways. As a student &amp; tourist it was brilliant and I'd go back in a heartbeat, as an employee, citizen or entrepreneur, as a foreigner that is, I suspect it's very different.
@_date: 2015-01-12 04:31:55
Nah haven't really seen anything out of the ordinary.
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:01:05
The point of decentralization is not that everything is centralized, but that the underlying network is. 
I just don't understand this fetish with forcing every company to act according to your ideals. Don't like it, don't use it. 
The beauty of bitcoin is that you can't force people to use centralized institutions anymore by design of the protocol, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't centralize anything at all ever.
It's like someone forces you to eat potatoes everyday. It's fine some days and other days you get sick of it.  Then suddenly you invent something so that you can choose when to eat potatoes. That doesn't mean never eat potatoes again, it means choose whenever you feel like it.
That's centralization to me, it's not a priori evil. Before we had centralized finance, you had no choice. It was fine some days, it was shit at other days. Now we can choose. And if one company offers a cool digital centralized service (although, with decentralized products like multi-sig vaults where you keep full control) on top of a decentralized network, that's completely fine, after all, you can choose. 
Don't like it, awesome, you can still use bitcoin without Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-01-20 17:00:26
Yeah they have a few million in annual revenue. The Japanese telecom (largest in Japan, and Japan is the third largest economy in the world) has 33 billion in revenue. If they accept bitcoin it's as if 10 thousand Mobile Vikings (by revenue) accept bitcoin.
In short, it'd be a big deal.
But more importantly, paying for your sub was just a quick basic example. Did you know carriers block Google wallet? One of the world's most powerful companies?
Did you know there was a bitcoin wallet like Mpesa in Kenya that was blocked by the carrier?
My point is, carriers are hugely powerful and a big player in the payments space. Partnering with them is about MUCH more than just paying your subscription with bitcoin, there are all kinds of interesting payments opportunities there. 
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:37:21
It's a fair question, I wrote about this a little bit here:
@_date: 2015-01-08 04:55:04
This is pretty awesome. I'm in Europe so it was already a hassle to use them (cause Amazon being sucky with worldwide shipping) but I was really concerned about buying an expensive item that'd make it worth my while (Macbook for development which can get a lot cheaper overseas), if I got raided a few weeks later. This settles that, at least.
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:37:24
I think it's fine as a nickname, in the same way we have satoshis. But an 'official/endorsed' denomination in wallet software? Not sure. 
It seperates the denomination from the way its denominated and that can be confusing and bad marketing. Whenever someone says it's 1000 bits, it's not at all clear to people unfamiliar to bitcoin that we're indeed talking about 1 bitcoin, or any number of bitcoins. I'd imagine my parents seeing it as some kind of a unit of computer size, and honestly, they haven't a clue how big the filesize for a song, video or ebook is or how much a megabyte or gigabyte is, much less what a bit is. But they've been conditioned to associate these words with filesize.
So yeah bits, not sure. Especially given that bitcoin only has gotten mainstream attention since 6 months ago, before that it was pretty unknown. In the year before that there'd been a 100x price increase, and in the past few months a 50% drop. And we have people putting bitcoin valuations at 10k or 100k and even $1m has been quoted in mainstream media. Given all this, I think it's too soon to try and create 'mainstream terminology'. 1000 bits could be worth as much as $500 or $500k or $5m depending on who to believe. I think as a community it's best to postpone this decision for some time.
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:49:05
60 employees earning $100k a year is $6m in annual fees
They raised $30m months ago.
They have multiple billion-dollar retailers (including a top-5 company in the world) and a business model where they charge enterprise clients.
But yeah they're going out of business later this year. So, are you willing to put your money where your mouth is? Cause I'm ready for my 2nd $100 bet :) 
Let me know!
@_date: 2015-01-17 01:11:30
It's not, really. Early day valuations are useless and meaningless until there is an exit. When you get further out, you start to see realistic valuations. 
Right now the valuation is purely on the basis of 'this is what it costs to fund this team to build out the basic product the next 2-3 years, and this is the percentage of ownership we're willing to give up'. Technically that's a valuation, but there's absolutely no market price. It's not like they could go out and sell the company for $100m or even $50m right now without a product.
So don't focus on the $90m figure, again it's just a function of their cost basis. And if you look at their team and the $10m figure, it's quite alright. They have a team of about 15-20 people, not 20 year old coders willing to live off of pizza in their parent's bedroom for nothing. Mostly people who could otherwise receive a $200k salary. Their founder started a company sold in 2008 for $1.8 billion. $10m for their two offices, salaries, marketing and overhead for 2-3 years is pretty modest, certainly not ridiculous by any account. The fact they only gave up 10% of ownership for that figure is just a function of weak investors, normally that'd earn you closer to 20% of the company, but it doesn't change the fact that raising $10m is a very reasonable figure for their team.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:38:10
You have to be a bit more specific, smart contracts include things like letting your electric car's ownership exist on the blockchain, and letting private keys control the car's computer (to open the door and let its user drive it). None of that actually involves any money, it only uses bitcoins to register data on an open and decentralized ledger, but we're not talking about bitcoins the value of the car. We're talking about a satoshi, which is a tiny fraction of a single penny. Things like interest just doesn't apply at this scale, you could create millions of smart contracts with a single dollars worth of bitcoin.
Could you give me an example of the smart contract you're talking about? Like escrow? It wouldn't be much different from the real world, which is that either escrow just sits there not accruing interest, or it's kept with a third-party escrow service like a bank, who will just lend it out to other people and accrue interest on that and pass back some of that value to the owner.
@_date: 2015-01-17 12:23:58
@_date: 2015-01-12 20:40:26
Yeah they have quite a few jobs left: 
Their Sales Engineer jobs are covered though.
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:49:58


It doesn't matter much really. If a miner was profitable, he'd increase his investments. If he wasn't profitable, he wouldn't keep mining because he has a long-term expectation that bitcoin's price would increase, because he could just stop mining (and stop losing money) and just buy bitcoins instead of mining them, if he had an investment perspective and had to choose between investing X bitcoin to mine 0.9 X bitcoin, or simply invest and buy X bitcoin outright without trouble or any mining losses. Miners don't make price-speculation a big part of their strategy, if they're unprofitable they simply turn off the machines and just buy.
 
The exception to miners not mining at a loss could be China, where purchasing bitcoins is hard to do, but purchasing technology isn't. So they might be mining at a slight loss, because it's the only way to turn a large amount of yuan into bitcoin, by buying hardware instead. Could be, but even this is doubtful as it's quite a lot of effort. And with effort, you can purchase bitcoin in China, too.
But other than that, it just means miners are still profitable despite a lower price. And this makes sense. What a lot of people forget is that if the price stays at $300 for 100 years, mining power will continue to increase because hash per dollar keeps getting cheaper. At the pace of new mining ASICs being developed that do more for the same price, it's not strange to see mining power increase by 10% in the same month the total mining revenues drop by 10%. It could be some new ASICs that get 30% more efficiency just hit the market, while 10-month old price-inefficient ASICs are being replaced.
@_date: 2015-05-24 00:22:18
Yeah so I studied in China and did some small business there. This is a pretty often heard statement. In theory, of course contracts matter. In practice the legal system is less refined, more corrupt and just generally less practical and effective than personal/professional relations. (so called Guanxi).
So that's always a risk dealing with Chinese companies. But this was a contract ostensibly with a Singaporean entity (very sophisticated business landscape in Singapore) and a modern, internationally facing Chinese company which are more prone to respect contracts. (which is quite different from dealing with a small Chinese factory in a tier 3 city for example).
@_date: 2015-01-12 19:00:46
tl;dr guy with pervy grin sends redhead girl with big chest $134
In all seriousness, really slick video, hope to see Circle take off this year :)
@_date: 2015-01-20 11:10:16
There's no proof we'll just have to wait. 
It does appear there was an article on it as various feeds pulled it and put it up, but the article was pulled since then. Either because it was a bs article, or because the timing wasn't right.
Not sure on this one but afaik WSJ allows third-party articles on their website, meaning WSJ doesn't mean it's written by a professional journalist (let alone a professional journalist who does his due diligence before reporting facts). So it could be some hype-guy posted it to influence the price and it got removed after Coinbase sent a complaint. (big companies tend to have alerts set up that automatically email the marketing team whenever big websites post something about their company, they can then follow up on that. If it's bs they can pull or edit it. If it's good news they'll get in touch with the writer 6 months later and send beta invites for new products, products for review, goodie bags etc). So it's entirely plausible some dude lied, posted it to WSJ as a third-party guy, Coinbase saw this and asked WSJ to pull it.
In short we don't know. But I'll say one thing: it is an entirely plausible amount of money. If you look at Coinbase's growth, their impact in the ecosystem, their aggressive hiring and outstanding vacancies and past valuations ($150m in 2014), as well as their investors (Andreessen Horowitz) recently reiterating their support for bitcoin publicly, it's entirely possible they raised a new round at those numbers. Even if the article isn't true now, it wouldn't surprise me if news like that came out this year.
@_date: 2015-01-22 12:51:17
5 upvotes!
@_date: 2015-01-17 11:18:16
That's right. Basically you keep a dollar account with them which has already been vetted, thus you can instantly use it to buy bitcoin and send it, without ever having faced volatility risk.
Again it's not for everyone but it's an interesting premise. It means for example people without access to banking, or who live in countries with a shitty currency, can now simply hold dollars or euros online and send it to anyone worldwide, who can too hold it in any currency they want using bitcoin, yet face no volatility risk. And then these people can pay any individual or company that takes bitcoin which is an ever increasing set of merchants including some of the world's largest companies. And as we're seeing more and more exchanges, ATMs and retail locations that offer bitcoin liquidity pop up everywhere, one can always cash out to physical fiat currency to pay those who don't take bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-12 02:47:03
Good? No. Relatively good? Yes. Bitcoin is in some ways analogous to the weather and climate. We can generally predict trends (roughly x amount of storms will happen over the next 5 years), but we can't predict a storm happening a few weeks away. Just like we can say general things about bitcoin, but not when Mt. Gox + China happens dampening adoption rates for the next 6-12 months. It's not implausible that Bitpay saw some traction, raised $30 million, hired aggressively, then saw that traction dissipate over the next 6 months and laid off some to conserve some money. It happens all the time even with the biggest companies. Hell look at the entire banking sector, surely they'd be in a good position to see what financial markets would do, right? Well, wrong, individual banks have laid off tens of thousands of bankers, and not just after a crisis, you hear these stories all the time.
Anyway, I'm still wondering if this article is even truthful or not and what the context is. For all we know they automated their integration (less sales engineers), fixed issues (less customer service), automated selling of bitcoin fully (less finance guys providing liquidity) etc and just got a lot more productive with fewer people. We don't know anything, except that they got a shit ton of money, opened new headquarters, added a few billion-dollar retailers as clients and did the biggest bitcoin marketing event ever, and that the facts in this article (on a shitty unknown website, afaik) don't appear anywhere else and aren't sourced, without even having asked Bitpay about the veracity of its facts. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 15:14:31
@_date: 2015-01-29 20:26:22
Advocating is when you recommend something publicly, encourage it, urge people to try it, support it. Just mentioning some of its positives while mentioning some of its negatives is just commenting on it, it's not 'backing' or 'advocating' for bitcoin, at least in my opinion. 
He seems more like the guy to tell you cars are better than walking in that they're fast (cheap transactions), but the problem is that it's bad for your health to drive everywhere and bad for the environment too (non-reversible transactions, volatile currency, terrorism concerns). That's not really advocating for driving or using bitcoin in my opinion. Those are the kinds of comments Gates made. There's definite positive bits in there I agree, but 'backing bitcoin' like the article says imo is way too strong.
I'll call him an enthusiast sure, advocate is a bit too strong for me personally. But I can see why you call him that, I don't strongly disagree on that, it's not a stretch of imagination just a bit too optimistic for my taste.


I already said that it's a valid concern. I'm not denying it's not *a* concern. But whether it's important or not **matters**. It wouldn't be sensible to to ask Bill Gates every single time 'Microsoft Software is a concern, how do you feel about that, Bill? Knowing that terrorists might use it?' in every single interview. That'd just be slander, don't you agree. Hell that'd be a much more valid thing to bring up, seeing as the story is that 9/11 terrorists used MS Flight Simulator to plan their terrorist attack. Obviously technology will be abused and obviously it'll ALWAYS be a concern for any technology (phones, cars, microwaves) to be used by criminals, that's **not my point** (in bold seeing as you didn't seem to get that from my last post) But you don't normally bring that up unless it's really relevant or important.


Not at all. I think he's one of the most sensible guys on this planet. And I'm not saying he's just a critic (critic isn't negative you know, as in, critical thinking, one of the most important things we should apply to everything in life). What I'm saying is that it doesn't make sense to talk about terrorism every single time you mention bitcoin. That doesn't mean it's not a valid concern, it's just ridiculous.
Did you read my example on the Google Driverless Cars? What if Bill Gates said they were fantastic, but every single time he'd say 'but I'm concerned that terrorists will let driverless cars drive into large crowds in suicide bomb attacks'. It'd be a completely valid concern, but it'd also be ridiculous to bring that up every single time, in my opinion. You really think when Larry Page gets on TV he gets questioned whether Google Driverless cars, or any other google products, might get used for terrorism, and whether that's a concern? Like everywhere he goes? Or that Bill Gates talks about terrorism concerns of other products everywhere he goes, like Microsoft's Hololens that allows virtual reality combat training of terrorists? No, that's ridiculous. And not because they're not valid concerns as they clearly are, just not very big ones, big enough to bring them up all the time.
But I guess we disagree.
@_date: 2015-01-22 08:45:48
Bleeeh minimum pledge of $37 for one of the $25k projects? 
I'm fine pledging a few bucks to each project, but $37? ugh.
Anyway, it'll drop from $37 to $1.80 or so when we update to a 20mb block size so that's cool. Just gotto be a bit more patient for that one.
(By the way if 10 people want to each pool $4 with me I'll send it to Bitcoin Core resource scheduling, part 1 fund. If a lot of people want this I suggest a mod like Bash to let people send him funds, or hell Mike or Olivier of course.)
As for Olivier running for a board and removing core development: give me a break. Look first of all, huge respect to Olivier, obviously he's selflessly working in the most well-intentioned manner and that's awesome, period. 
But can we please stop fetishizing over TBF and trying to run for board member just to deconstruct it? If you don't like it, build something else. If you want to remove core development from TBF, just offer a viable alternative FIRST. Then if Gavin and others decide they rather work independently and get funded by the community than work in a team and get funded through an open organisation run by members who can fund and vote, then they can switch over. But don't go and try to infiltrate other organisations to deconstruct them and force its employees to work according to your ideal. That's ridiculous. Again, it's completely fine to me if Gavin and others leave TBF and get funded by the community, but that should happen because they choose to and because the community put up bounties for them, not because you take over an organisation and fire some of its employees and hope they'll work according to your principles. It's not right and hell instead of accept funding from the community they might and just set up a more closed organisation instead rather than TBF where you have members and elections, or they might join Blockstream and not look back. Hell we don't even know if the community is willing to pay $15k to Gavin and $15k to Wladimir etc every month, at least wait and see how Lighthouse does for a while. Clearly trying to deconstruct TBF's development in this manner is not proper nor will it achieve your goals. That's my opinion at least.
Thanks again Olivier for all your efforts.
@_date: 2014-10-27 23:52:08
Well if they snickered at it, I wouldn't really care. If they ridiculed you indirectly by laughing at a suggestion made by a customer for 10 minutes, frankly I'd tell them it's 1) rude to a customer which isn't just not cool, but also bad for business 2) bad business to not take customer suggestions seriously.
For the rudeness alone I'd probably ask if they're the owner, if they are I'd tell them I wouldn't come back after someone laughed in my face after a suggestion. I go to a restaurant to enjoy myself and feel special and relax, treatment is part of the service, if I just wanted food I'd cook myself. So if I get treated like an idiot, that's enough reason for me to choose a different restaurant. He should understand that. And if it's not the owner, I'd ask to speak to him at one point or another but I wouldn't really press it too much if he wasn't present.
As for the phenomenon: 
I think we're not even at this point for bitcoin yet to be honest. 
And lastly, it pains me to say I had various ideas about what bitcoin was before I studied it back in 2011-2012 when a friend asked about it. I actually gave a completely wrong answer (saying something like "I'm not really familiar, but I think it's some form of credit-program for university researchers who pay people bitcoin for using their computing power e.g. to fold proteins on your PC, and anyone who appreciates their work can exchange services or money for those coins'. i.e., completely wrong. I did say I wasn't really sure, but just goes to show how we form opinions from small tidbits of information we heard, and then try to string together some kind of truth by filling in the blanks with assumptions and weak links. And 6 months later you forgot you actually made those assumptions and start to consider it as fact, as 'something I read last year'. 
Considering the crapload of Mt.Gox type stuff in the news, and this notion of a 'technological protocol' that is completely unfamiliar to most people, means a lot of people assume Mt. Gox was pretty much a ponzi and that they created bitcoin and that it's one big scam.
It's a tough hill to climb. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:08:02
It's a bit like saying you're asking your leather wallet maker to create a way to easily fold money so it fits snugly into another leather wallet, when you have the option of taking it out, folding it yourself, and putting it in the other one.
In other words, just use a normal address in the middle. Hell you can create a greenaddress or blockchain.info non-multisig wallet, withdraw bitcoins there, then send it to your multisig wallet.
I think the future is multisig and I think kraken knows this, but there's hardly any demand for this right now.
@_date: 2015-01-10 02:13:42
That's a good question indeed, and BTC-E has been rather quiet about answering this particular question, unlike say Wikileaks about the reasons why they're anonymous. That's something I don't appreciate. If an individual wants to be anonymous, that's fine. You're not breaking any law, your business is your business. But we have laws about money transmission, and they include being registered, having surety bonds, reporting standards, and generally include tons of consumer-protections when you act as a custodian (hold other people's money, like btc-e does on their exchange wallets) which includes things like telling your customers who the hell you are, where you're registered, where the office is etc.
But they don't do that and seem to be disregarding those laws. Now I'm of the opinion that breaking a law can be justified (e.g. wikileaks is quite illegal in most places). But if you do so, you, in my opinion, should be able to, and also ought to, explain why. Wikileaks does this and I agree with it. Hell even Anonymous does this, even though some of their actions are bs. 
But for BTC-E we can only guess. And my guess isn't that trying to evade the law and being anonymous is something they do because they otherwise couldn't function. There are lots of exchanges like Kraken or Bitstamp that aren't perfect, but can operate under the law and have stronger banking relations than btc-e does.
So I'm not really a fan. For me you're either anonymous and run a non-trust service. e.g. Satoshi was anonymous, but his open-source code needed no trust to be used, copied, forked, modified. A decentralized market needs no real trust from the operator, it too is open source and transactions are peer-to-peer and don't involve the operator. But btc-e has a custodial function, they keep potentially hundreds of millions of dollars on their servers, and nobody knows who they are.
Does that mean they'll go and steal it all? No, not necessarily at all. But if they scam 0.1% of their customers, they make millions while avoiding the company collapsing because of a few angry customers. Yet these customers have no recourse other than complaining on reddit. With say Kraken it's different. They have an office, a presence, a legal team. If you have proof they scammed you you can indeed hold them accountable. 
So while this community speaks highly of building bitcoin because you don't have to trust anyone, everytime anyone criticizes btc-e for running an anonymous service (when others operate fine without that anonymity) and requiring more trust than one that is known, people suddenly say 'we can trust btc-e because they have a decent record'. Suddenly this notion that we shouldn't trust and shouldn't need to is thrown out of the window, and we choose to work with the company that is least able to be held accountable in case something goes wrong.
Is this a good idea? I'd say no. Look at Liberty Reserve, it's a real example of what can happen to a company that doesn't operate under the law. Or look at Silk Road, an example of anonymity that doesn't stand up to FBI (or one day if bitcoin is big enough, NSA) type surveillance. The protocol will survive but btc-e imo won't last another 10 years anonymously without abiding by kyc/aml laws, and that's not a company I'd personally want to do business with or have records with.
Is it shady? Sort of. Not really, they perform well and while there are complaints, they don't have any big historical issues that I know of. I've got mixed feelings about them, I'm generally glad to have them to be honest. If you wanted to buy some weed in New York or donate to Wikileaks, I'd rather buy through btc-e or local bitcoins than Coinbase. That's why I like btc-e, there's value in that lower level of record keeping and added privacy. The mixed feelings comes from the fact there is considerable counter-party risk, that's simply a fact, and that history shows that companies/services like these don't go on forever and usually get clamped down on hard when they become too big, and that'd just be another terrible hit to the ecosystem.
@_date: 2016-01-29 08:05:49
Github can be a bit misleading. For example, imagine you're constructing a new high tech car, it takes 5 years of R&amp;D. None of that shows up on github because it's research, it's planning, and it's usually not logged. But the guy in the manufacturing plant who puts a sticker on the backwindow, yeah, that'd show up on github because it's an actual modification to the actual car. The guy taking a vacuum cleaner and cleaning out some dust from the car before selling, that too shows up on github, analogous to code cleanup which often changes absolutely nothing to the actual software except make it easier to read/develop at a later stage.
Obviously it's clear some do more than others, but we must also appreciate that 100 code cleanup github commits can be a million times less significant than a single commit that changes '1MB' to '10MB', or hell, even less significant than a person doing 100 hours of research into a decision and deciding against a change and making no commits.
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:45:28
Just want to mention one thing, while all of this is true, it  doesn't mean we can simply say the risk is similar to Mt. Gox. Yes, recourse is just as poor as Mt. Gox (when it's gone, it's gone). But that's just one element in risk.
Keeping bitcoins secure is actually terribly easy. The problem is keeping it secure when you also run an hot-wallet on a server that allows automatic transactions whenever the server admin or an authenticated client makes a transaction request. That's hard because hackers can take over a server (indeed it could take a single phone call pretending to be the server admin, it sounds like a joke but it's happened countless times, even to a bitcoin company.) or hackers can steal authentication credentials from users. (happens all the time whether it's bitcoin, paypal or facebook). And there's no real way to catch each problem as the server has to be automated when you're doing lots of transactions.
But doing manual transactions is actually pretty easy. It's not completely trivial but with a bit of thought you can get it done quite easily. It'll involve multi-signature addresses, loaded onto a dedicated computer which has never been online and never will be, and only signs transactions. Signed transactions are relayed back through e.g. a QR code instead of USB so that you have one-way information only, and the only information passing through this channel is a signed transaction (not a key).
You do this with multiple such computers owned by multiple people in a secure location. Each must sign the transaction and be on the phone with each other while doing it. A code word like 'How's the weather?' would signal any of the signors to abort the transaction. 
None of this is really a big deal. It involves about 1 daily manhour in total. Because of the way an ETF works (it settles once or twice a day, and all other transactions are essentially virtual inside their platform) you barely need any transactions at all, so it's easy to do them manually and do proper checks and accounting. And even then, it's likely only a small fraction of coins need to be traded in or out on a daily basis, meaning the vast majority of coins can be locked away under even stricter multi-sig requirements (e.g. 20 of 20 keys/people).
This is so secure that I expect it'll be quite easy for them to get insurance. And it's quite likely we'll see companies offer dedicated services to do exactly that, too. e.g. Xapo offers an insured wallet at 0.12%, Coinbase offers a free one, Circle, too. It's not unlikely we'll see them get insurance for this much less risky venture for less than 1%, too.
@_date: 2015-01-20 10:58:30
Completely false.
Gold's supply is about 1.5% per year and it's remained sort-of steady for a long time. For a rate like this to remain steady means that in absolute terms, the amount of gold mined each year is growing.
Bitcoin is completely opposite to that. It mimics gold conceptually, yes (the idea of mining, finite supply etc) but I don't see bitcoin's supply curve following or tracking that of gold numerically.
For example in 2008 the world production was 2260 tonnes, in 2011 it was 2700 tonnes.
Here's an idea of supply: 
As you can see supply keeps on increasing. Bitcoin is completely different.
@_date: 2015-01-04 13:49:57
I'm a bit partial on this one. In terms of my general attitude I'd definitely agree and say the community is a bit too harsh, and witch hunts are a bit too common and personal.
But I still remember Moolah. That was just a few short months ago. A huge, huge player in the crypto space outside of bitcoin. And it was a complete scam, run by a career-scammer. He got a lot of shit from a few people, was defended by way more and continued to talk his way out of things for 1-2 years while receiving millions of dollars from gullible people despite ample evidence.
It felt similar to Neo &amp; Bee or Mt. Gox. It's not on the same scale, but this notion that if we just allow all speech to happen and 'confront him' with professional questions, that somehow his scam will come to light, or somehow he'll stop scamming, I think is naive. It's not just naive, but it's also ignorant of the various scams that we've faced over the past 12 months alone. You're more familiar with bitcoin's history than most.
And yes, stuff like this does damage the credibility of our industry. Not of bitcoin the protocol, but of our industry, absolutely. We all know what friends and family think of bitcoin. When $50k is raised for charity, it doesn't show anywhere in mainstream media. But when another bitcoin service turns out to be a scam, it's all over the internet. 
As for this conference? It depends. If Moe is going to lose a ton of money by cutting out of a contract last moment, it's fine, let  him speak and do the Q&amp;A (which we all know, will be a bs Q&amp;A. The speaker always has power. He can say 'no comment' and move on to the next question and the questioning person won't be able to speak again. But it'll be much more elegant than that. Hell Mark K could sit there for an hour answering questions and you wouldn't know more after the session than before.) I'm not gonna ask of Moe to take a loss at this last moment, and nobody else should unless they're willing to pay or become a sponsor themselves.
But if not, if Moe could find another sponsor and another speaker comfortably, I'd personally definitely not let him speak. He's just too shady. I'm all for innocent until proven guilty in relation to convictions by a judge. But if Danny Brewster wanted to sponsor and speak about his next company, even if he was never found guilty by a judge, you'd simply say no. That's how you keep the conference legitimate, that's how you keep controversy out and how you focus on bitcoin being awesome as opposed to petty infighting at a Q&amp;A session where the biggest focus of the entire conference will be 'will he be outed, will someone scream at the Q&amp;A session, will someone throw a pie in his face?'. We don't need that shit.
@_date: 2015-01-20 20:38:09
Thank you BB, you're too kind! :) My biggest tip ever, I'll be sure to pass it along the coming weeks. Thanks again!
@_date: 2015-01-21 07:59:59
There have always been data caps. Anyone that advertises 'unlimited' will have a clause in the contract that says 'with reasonable use' and they would shut down your account if you averaged 20 gigabytes a day of traffic, and now some of them are putting a number on that to squeeze some extra money off of tiered accounts.
And that number isn't getting worse, both speed and data caps (whether explicit ones or not) are growing each year.
Does that mean it's not a problem? Well no, but I wouldn't say it's getting worse. It's also very much a North-American phenomenon and only in certain areas at that. Wherever there is healthy competition there's absolutely no way to get away with this because the cost of bandwidth is so cheap (where ISPs get like a 95% gross margin on supplying a gigabyte of throughput, it's easy to bring that down) and so it's the first thing they'll compete on to win over a customer. It's like you can buy a bitcoin for $5 and sell it for $100, if you're the only seller in the area maybe you can get away with it, if there's 5 people like you the price will plummet to something like $5.10 in no time. The US is just absolutely insane with a lack of competition, but we're already seeing fierce backlash to this issue with even the president calling for things like standard broadband for everyone. 
In short, bandwidth is not a capacity issue, it's cheap and easy to move insane amounts of data at insanely high caps. It's just a function of business and competition and together with technological improvements, caps gets better all the time and the cost per gigabyte gets lower all the time, and that eventually drives the retail price of bandwidth down, too, despite it not being perfect.
@_date: 2015-01-21 12:36:22
You're welcome :)
@_date: 2015-05-21 22:16:31
Venture capitalists actually tend to invest mostly other people's money. It's a pretty fun and cool job, most actually have pretty poor performance, high fees and have very little of their own money invested. In fact a lot of VCs are actually salaried men, rather than people who make a living off of ROI. I should not really have mentioned Peter perhaps, as he was an angel investor (his own money) rather than a VC (other people's money) at the time, although the success odds are probably pretty similar.
Peter Thiel's wealth I don't know exactly, he must've been pretty rich coming off of Paypal, definitely rich enough to never have to work again and live a luxurious life, that much is certain. Before his big VC days he actually founded Clarium Capital, not a VC but a fund with more than $8 billion (again, other people's money) in 2002, which is now worth less than $1 billion today. Just goes to show how risky finance can be even if you made brilliant bets.
@_date: 2015-01-09 17:15:57
$2.95 for a 2-day test if anyone was looking for a place to spend their ChangeTip balance :p
@_date: 2014-12-31 13:26:57
No I didn't miss the point. Just because not everyone understands the distinction doesn't mean we can't or shouldn't have a website for the protocol. Bitcoin.org is registered and maintained by core developers and host a lot of the documentation for developers. That's great. 
That it's not also an exchange and a wallet and a payment processor and has tens of cool videos on how you can spend your bitcoin to buy your girlfriend flowers using 1-800-flowers is not the point of the website. 
We have *businesses* for that, like Coinbase that's an exchange, a payment processor, a wallet and processes bitcoin payments for 1-800-flowers. And they have a cool consumer facing website. And they're the ones, along with other businesses, that will overtake bitcoin.org in the search results over time, and bitcoin.org will just be a boring website with proper documentation just like every other website about every other protocol out there. And that's fine. 
Nobody would be complaining about the content of bitcoin.org if it was a little visited website on page 2 of google search results for 'bitcoin'. I think over time it will go there, just like the ietf that documents standardisation for html, xml, ssl etc.


Yeah I completely agree this probably would have been much better. Good point. 
Although in a way we already have that bitcoin-consumer website  you describe, it's bitcoin.com and it's also shit, worse than bitcoin.org and it's supposed to be for consumers. I think that's a much bigger problem than bitcoin.org. This could potentially be a really great website, high up in the search rankings with loads of information and services. But it's one big failure, as opposed to bitcoin.org which could be better but it's not rubbish. Hell bitcoin.com isn't even on SSL, it's just so poorly thought out.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:31:13
Not putting it in consumer grade equipment with access to consumer priced electricity. 
And if they do go down the route of building industry mining hardware for professional miners, who the hell cares. It does nothing for bitcoin. Mining is a big zero-sum game competition that, as long as it's sufficiently competitive, adds nothing. It's irrelevant.
@_date: 2015-01-19 20:03:24
Go Rebit.ph! Thanks for building this, awesome website. (with all due respect, I'd suggest your PH remittance website to look as slick as your rebittance-info website!)
@_date: 2015-01-21 12:15:07
Kryders law and Nielsen's law follow Moore's quite closely.
It's all roughly 55% per year or so. Gavin's low-balling it at 40%. The difference is substantial. (in 10 years, the former is 80x, the latter is only 29x. In 20 years it's 6400x versus 840x)
So even with the rates slowing down, 40% per year is a cautious estimate.
Combine that with the fact we're 'underpowering' nodes today, it's even more cautious. (i.e. we could already do 200mb blocks on a desktop PC today. So starting with 16mb is cautious. After 8 years (in 2023) we'll have passed 200mb block sized, when Gavin's 2012 PC (more than a decade earlier) was already able to power 200mb blocks.
In short, 16mb with 40% annual growth is not something I think will pose any kind of problems in terms of block sizes outpacing technology. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:36:56
Holy shit. That's pretty damn sick. Even if they charge 10% (they don't), it's really cool to just have vending machines all over the place to try out bitcoin. This is pretty big and I expect the price to come down over time if there's more competition or just to drive more volume, let's hope it does.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:34:09
They "complain" (it's not really the right word) all the time which has led to many regulations applying to bitcoin companies already. There's no such thing as 'free reign'. But there's a real understanding that bitcoin could also bring benefits, they just want to control the companies in the space as they're doing now. It's not much different from say the internet.
@_date: 2015-01-15 09:39:32
Ethereum pulled a bs move, in my opinion. 
They essentially sold development tokens (ethers) which work a bit like satoshis (the system works with fractions of a penny worth of value) for a shit ton of money. They explicitly said that it's not a speculative asset, yet people treated it as such, and they sold amounts (controlling the amount &amp; the price) to the tune of something like $15 million, as if it was a speculative asset. That's clearly bullshit because its price doesn't have anything to do with its value of its function, and as it's not an asset class, there's no reason for it to be priced as such.
Add to that the fact that development shouldn't rely on Ethers (any decent company allows developers to develop using a testnet with fake ethers), and that ethers will always remain available (and again, aren't a speculative asset, thus shouldn't explode in value), there's absolutely no reason to sell them at this point.
So why do they deserve money? For their development, of course. That's completely fine. So you raise VC money. Or you crowd-fund. But they didn't do that, they essentially ended up selling a development token for a speculative price.
And how much did they raise? I think about $15m. iirc, the 5-year budget for the bitcoin foundation was about $5m. So they pulled 3 pulled in something like 3x the budget that the Bitcoin Foundation has had for the past 5 years with which it funded a large part of the core developers and bitcoin core's development.
Yet currently it's still technically vaporware.
Is it a scam? One part of me wants to say 'clearly no'. There's an interesting concept and quite a bit of expertise and a number of proof of concepts. So for them to get $1m to fund a team of 5 engineer up to 2017 years with an ample $200k a year salary to develop something concrete is fine by me. The other part of me wants to say 'it smells fishy', they raised a huge budget compared to what they've produced. They push this bs marketing message 'turing-complete' all.the.freaking.time, it's mostly a bs technical buzzword that's receiving a lot of flack, it's fine to have it or even talk about it, but the way it's pushed so hard feels scammy. Add to that the fact it looks like whatever they're doing can be implemented in a sidechain, it just feels as if raising $15m for vaporware is disproportionate.
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:23:19
I think Circle is pretty vocal about it, but most companies are extremely pro-regulation. Coinbase for example is no different. So I think Jeremy is pretty honest and upfront about this. It's easy to be intentionally vague to please multiple crowds and tell multiple stories.
But interestingly, Jeremy has one of the strongest foundations in terms of thinking about (financial) ideology. He studied international political economy, which is a field that is really very much related to bitcoin. It touches on things like monetary policy, economics, foreign-policy as it's affected by economic &amp; business principles. A lot of the things people complain about when they talk about a monopoly on the money supply is something IPE covers, and he studied it and philosophy a great deal. And he's notable for having worked with Chomsky on some academic/internet projects, an academic notable for perhaps being the 20th century greatest critic of US foreign policy and one who's often talked about the intimate relationship between US foreign policy and economic/business principles.
In other words, Jeremy really started a bitcoin company not just because he's a savvy businessman, but also because he sees the need for bitcoin on a greater level. And building a mainstream ecosystem that supports that is what is needed right now. The fact he's not looking to break the law doesn't mean bitcoin can't be disruptive or subversive. So I really applaud him for that effort. If you look into him, you'll see he's more passionate about bitcoin than some. e.g. at Coinbase, you're seeing real tech entrepreneurs who think Value-over-IP makes sense in a digital world of the internet, but not much more (which is fine). Jeremy sees that, too, but also seems to work from an ideological perspective in that he was a pioneer of the internet industry and saw what it did worldwide, and he's looking to build on that not just to make a bunch of money. And that's perhaps why it's not surprising to see Circle announce that the pure utility of bitcoin (sending and receiving value over the internet) is made and kept completely free, like search, youtube, skype, messaging, internet browsers etc are.
@_date: 2014-06-22 21:02:41
Propaganda carries negative associations (mostly Goebbels really) but it's technically the correct word to use. Barry is absolutely championing a position and trying to sway people to perceive bitcoin as the next big thing. Rightly so, I think, but it's still propaganda. Not really necessary to use that word, though...
@_date: 2014-09-07 19:52:38
It's not supposed to be. It's an intermediary product.
The point is that there are people who want to save money in bitcoin, rather than fiat. But those people can only pay at less than 0.1% of merchants. That sucks. So everytime they want to pay they need to sell bitcoin for fiat, then pay. That sucks, too.
So now you have a card that does it for you automatically, and the use of the card (making a payment) is free.
So now people can store money in bitcoin, yet use it in their daily lives, too. That's awesome. It's NOT meant to be a better payment system or better creditcard, it's a regular card. It's meant to be a way to connect your bitcoin savings to the rest of the world's businesses that don't yet take bitcoin.
In 5-10 years, this card will be redundant, you can just use bitcoin directly, and you won't need to pay fees to the card company (which is not Xapo, it's not their creditcard system, they just issue it on their behalf and pass on the fees).
As for outrageous fees, give me a break. You can pay anywhere for free with this card. Hell you can go to a store and ask if you can get money from them, i.e. buy groceries for $50, then ask for $50 and pay $100, free ATM. The use of the card to make payments is completely free. I've in 20 years literally changed my pin 0 times. 
As for expedited shipping of a card? Nope, never did that, either. It's just such a ridiculous complaint. Expedite ship anything is more expensive, playstation, debitcard, your car. Consider if they offered just regular shipping and no expedited shipping, you wouldn't even be mad. It wouldn't be an issue, as you'd never use it. But now that they do offer it, despite never using it, it's suddenly a complaint that expedited shipping is expensive. Again, never did that or changed my pin in my life, barely ever used the ATM with a creditcard either, and I've used an ATM on a weekly basis for decades.
@_date: 2016-01-01 10:55:17
btw what ever happened to Alex Green / Ryan Kennedy etc. More altcoin (doge) than bitcoin, but I've wondered how that ended up. I remember various court cases at the time.
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:05:21
I absolutely have sympathy for anyone, but let's face it, from day one Mt. Gox had issues. There are two reasons people still got in: 1) They wanted to sell BTC there then withdraw it when BTC was at +125% 2) They were completely ignorant about sending thousands of dollars to a Japanese bank to buy a digital product without checking a single website, news item, forum, or fact-checking anything.
For the former type of person, I feel for you, but you took a risk. That's investment. You knew the 125% price wasn't normal, but you got it anyway because you were willing to risk all/some of your money to get that premium BTC price at Mt. Gox.
For the latter type of person, I think that's an expensive lesson. It sucks, but if you're going to be this ignorant about any (financial) decision, your life is going to end up absolutely FUBAR. You need to inform yourself, especially before dropping large amounts of money. 
Even today when the price fucking drops below $100, there's people jumping into Mt. Gox because they can buy cheap BTC and maybe withdraw them in a few weeks. Again, they know the risks and they accept them. Nobody is putting a gun against anyones head forcing them to buy BTC at Mt. Gox. They know Mt. Gox lied, they know Mt. Gox has financial/legal issues, they know Mt. Gox has no physical office, they know Mt. Gox has no real customer support, they know Mt. Gox can barely be held accountable, they know Mt. Gox has shit technical implementations and the slowest tech-fix track record, they know Mt. Gox is untransparent, they know there was obvious insider trading at Mt. Gox, they know Mt. Gox is profiting from depressing prices with withdrawl policies/lies/fud that none of the other exchanges do, and STILL they say YES I accept the risk and put my money there. 
So why should I sympathise with them, when the rest of us does their research, minimizes their risk, and sees BTC drop and the entire media SHIT on bitcoin because of Mt.Gox's lies and stupidity which is only possible because idiots keep sending this shit ass website money? Yes I totally turned around the question on you.
Bitcoin is bigger than Mt. Gox. If Mt. Gox had apologized, didn't lie, hired some tech guys to fix tx. issues in 48 hours like every other exchange, be transparent, communicate, THEN we'd all rally behind Mt. Gox. But not now, Bitcoin is better off dead. 
Don't forget, if you really sympathise with people's money, know this. 1) Mt. Gox is hurting BTC exchanges and funds outside of Mt. Gox. 2) if Mt. Gox with a SHIT track record is allowed to survive because people keep sending money to a lying shit exchange, you'll be rest-assured it will continue to fuck with Mt. Gox users the next 10 years. Better deal with it now than deal with a 10x bigger problem the coming years. Mt. Gox can die.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:59:35
Bitcoin just made it easier and faster to send money to Kenya than it is for me to send to the US, no joke. Huge for remittance and eventually business.
Here's an interesting note to all Kenyans, who have averaged 11% inflation in the past 10 years: you can buy bitcoin, then send it to Bitreserve or Coinapult, and lock it in to the price of dollars or euros, and store it. You can store your savings long term (1 year) in a way that's much more profitable than keeping it in Shillings.
In fact if you'd stored $100 the past decade like that you'd have probably saved like $70+ or so of purchasing power you'd otherwise have lost, including all the costs of current Bitpesa/Bitreserve etc fees. Sadly it wasn't an option.
Which is an interesting consideration to make for middle class Kenyans particularly who are e.g. saving for the next 5-10 years to buy a home. You can easily save in more inflation proof currencies like the dollar, using bitcoin as easy access (by your phone) to an international financial system.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:27:39
I wrote a post about this a while ago in a thread with a similar question. Got 63 upvotes, might help find you an answer:
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:40:54
Ugh. Such a short sighted argument.
Yeah, bitcoin went up in price because every 10 minutes it was creating 2.5 cents of bitcoin. And so anyone dropping $100 on bitcoin would move the price up massively. Anyone dropping $1m would move the price from a fraction of a penny to a dollar, more than 100x.
To compare that today is stupid. For example, to take it to the extreme, say a bitcoin was worth $1m in a few years and block rewards were only 12.5 bitcoin, and every 10 minutes we'd create $12.5m of money and miners sold it. (after all, they're not investors in bitcoin, if they were they'd just buy bitcoin rather than mine it.) Would that not at all have an effect on price, because hey, block rewards are only 12.5 bitcoin, 4x less than 50 bitcoin when the price was going up! No of course not, that would be a huge amount of supply and you'd need a lot of adoption to counterbalance that. But I'm not seeing that kind of adoption growth in things like 'USD volume per day', it's sadly pretty stagnant.
@_date: 2015-01-22 10:27:52
Fair enough!
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:35:42
Again you're assuming they planned a partnership before the fact. I'm merely highlighting that after investment, a party is generally keen to partner with or support one of their investments. If such plans are made and executed after the investment, there's no insider trading.
For example if the CEO, after his investment, gets excited about the bitcoin ecosystem, and is approached by Coinbase for a partnership, he is more likely to say yes than if he hadn't made an investment, and he's more excited in the first place because of his investment. None of that entails insider trading.
@_date: 2015-01-07 04:01:17
'The Blockchain' ended up being blockchain.info?
Voting anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:24:26
Awesome 1 upvote! @_date: 2015-01-08 15:26:36
I think the rate of that happening was 0.04% and purse.io helped cover any (legal) fees and such. They handled that well.
Not saying it wouldn't suck, but it's a bit like saying you heard of someone's house exploding when using a stove. Yeah it happens sometimes and it really sucks, but if it's rare and if it's handled properly and you're insured for it (things that purse.io seems to take care of) it shouldn't stop you from using stoves.
@_date: 2014-11-04 19:08:41
Consider just telling him he has the burden of proof that he will, as there is no indication of that, it hasn't ever happened, nobody has ever shown that it even could happen.
Now, given that there are multiple hundred-million dollar companies built completely ontop of bitcoin (Coinbase and Bitpay have official valuations exceeding $150m) and there are entrepreneurs like Jeremy Allaire who built a billion-dollar company before building a company on bitcoin (Circle), and hundreds of millions of dollars were invested in VC companies. Given there have been many graduate students, PhDs and professors who looked at bitcoin, as well as many experts in security and cryptography who looked at it.
Given all that, basically he's saying that all of these people have absolutely no clue, and that he knows better. 
Now that's possible. He could indeed know better. But it's clear to me then who has the burden of proof. You don't have to explain yourself to a remark that is unfounded, with no basis in evidence, that is contrary to what everyone else thinks. HE has to explain the remark first before you can consider whether you want to take it seriously.
I know you want to convince him and all but if he doesn't understand the concept of open-source software, doesn't grasp that he can look at the protocol and see how it works, it's like a guy who doesn't grasp the concept of math saying '2 plus 2 isn't 4', with no proof, explanation or evidence of this, contrary to the opinion of the rest of the world. Again, he has the burden of proof here.
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:47:10
@_date: 2014-10-19 10:46:59
This is a joke, people have been saying this for a while.
I said this 3 days ago:


Since then they revived the company saying investor interest came up. This makes sense if the company has cash flow issues or needs capital to pay for operations. It does not make sense if an investor has to cover losses and insolvency. VC investors don't bail out companies like that. But no worries, right? It wasn't insolvent, they could pay back their creditors and divide up the rest (despite the little 'negative equity' and 'bankruptcy' thing going on, of course, but nevermind that).
So they're back. Not bankrupt at all. Funny how that goes.
Few days later it turns out the CEO is a serial-scammer and has over a dozen scams on his name and many web pages dedicated to his craft of scamming. He is now suddenly stepping down. (yet continues to actually run the company).
A day later says they were leaking funds and have known about this for a while, money is missing, they're insolvent, can't pay back creditors.
Note that nothing actually changed between now and last week. When he said 'bankruptcy', he said it because he knew there was an exploit that was leaking funds


Yes he agrees with the expectation that authorities will not allow him to work in the position of director until after 2030, and that he will never do any entrepreneurial work anymore, indeed the same guy who was happily relaunching Moolah days before despite knowing of the leaked funds and the totality of his mismanagement.
Of course I'm ignoring the obvious, that he lied about his identity so adamantly, which in light of his admission has become somewhat hilarious. For example my exchange with him a few days ago:
@_date: 2015-01-08 14:52:09
Wow, sweet. The question remains, did this one go under the radar, or is this actually okay to do?
Things like not being able to use real money on iOS to say play a game of Poker, or a game of chess, is very well known. So I wonder what the specific rules are, I'd bet 10 bitcoin that they wouldn't allow a game where you play chess and put up bitcoin to win or lose. But tipping may be treated differently, hope so!
@_date: 2015-01-29 10:28:49
This so hard. It's really that simple. 
You can be outspoken when you have nothing to lose. When you want to collect money for your charity foundation from the richest and rather powerful people, sit with heads of state in countries where the local population believes in djinns and are scared of vaccinations to do country-wide campaigns to change this, when you're on the board of one of the world's biggest companies etc etc, you're going to have to be very careful with your words.
It's not an agenda for some conspiracy world-dominating group, it's just basic media training because he knows every little thing that's slightly political will see headlines in every newspaper and will be twisted and turned and taken out of context. Like 99% of the things he'll say in an interview, he'll already have said before a million times, it's well thought out and he just rehashes it.
And it's not just him either it's everyone. Look at 10 Elon Musk interviews, they're literally all the same safe for 5% of it talking about some recent development. I must have heard him say 'reason from first principles' a million times now haha. You know those videos where they'll put 30 two-second clips of some NBA player saying in an interview 'I'm so glad to get trained by XYZ now', or an actor saying 'XYZ is a brilliant director, I'm so grateful to be working with him'? It's hilarious but it extends to people like Gates, too. 
Which is generally why I don't watch interviews and such anymore from extremely well known people. There's just too little room for error to see any outspoken opinions surface, can't blame them either. More important I think is people putting their money where their mouths are, or making business moves like MS did. That's more interesting.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:26:11
Hardware wallets and mining are different. I've got nothing against putting wallets on devices, that opens up many possibilities. But mining on a wallet is not necessary.
For example look at the smartphone. It has a battery (the wallet).
Now imagine you could, over the air, send cheap energy to your smartphone. Would you want to put a solar panel on it instead to generate energy in a relatively expensive way, with a panel that degrades quickly over time, and hope it's sunny (winning the mining race)? No. You'd just charge it over the air automatically without having to do anything. Or better yet, imagine you could power your smartphone with a battery that's not even in the phone, you could just let the phone run without doing anything. In the same way you can finance any of your device's purchases with your wallet. The authentication of devices happens on the blockchain, not in the wallet, which just holds the keys. Which means you can keep your keys on your smartphone, and manage all your IoT devices that are authenticated on the blockchain. 
Where mining on devices is necessary, I don't know.
@_date: 2014-06-23 09:28:56
It's pretty impossible to say. But when you invest $10k and you suddenly have $500k, you're not gonna hold that money on for fun if you have to pay the mortgage every month for example, you'll most likely use some of your money. I mean just ask yourself if you had 10x or 100x more money, would you spend it? The answer generally is yes. Especially considering growth is not at all a certainty. Look at the last 6 months, that's a very long time in bitcoin terms, the price dropped by about 40-60%. At some point the investment opportunity for bitcoin levels off in that it won't grow much more, or it isn't expected to grow much, at which point people will start using their coin.
It's not something I'm very worried about.
As for the wealth gap... it's a bit tricky, there's really no way to say who owns what at this point. I guess most exchanges probably have a pretty good idea, but that's not public data.
@_date: 2015-01-19 13:45:02
Good question! So a couple points to make.
Firstly Visa didn't do 30k TPS in 2012. That's their peak capacity. They average about 2.000. Meaning that by the numbers in your example in 10 years bitcoin could process more than 3x Visa's volume on average.
As for your hypothetical number: Is a 1gb block in 10 years realistic? I think it's a little optimistic personally. But we know two things. One is that bitcoin can already work quite fine with 20mb blocks and Gavin Andresen's been testing this. He said he can easily keep up with 20mb blocks, and can even do 200mb blocks already. (on his 2012 home PC).
The technological capacity grows at roughly 55% per year. Moore's law (CPU), Nielsen's law (bandwidth) and Kryder's law (storage) all follow roughly this trend. That's an 80x growth every 10 years, meaning that a 20mb block today (handled by a 2012 'easily' according to Gavin) could grow into a 1600mb block in 10 years. As bitcoin becomes bigger, we can also expect nodes to be run by more professional services which can easily handle blocks 10x bigger. Gavin's 2012 home PC can, today, handle 200mb blocks, 10x more than the 20mb block in the example above. If he had used a professional server as a node, he could easily do 500mb blocks today. So in 10 years it's feasible to say that a home PC can easily do 1gig blocks, but that a professional server node could handle way more.
Still I like to err massively on the low end and say that 1gig blocks are optimistic. But in theory, it looks like it'd be easily possible.
Secondly, bitcoin is a ledger for money, but that doesn't mean every transaction in history must be recorded on it. For example, if I give $25 to my GF to do some groceries I don't have to record that in a permanent ledger accessible to the entire world. What we could register on the blockchain is a month's worth of transactions between me and her.
My point is that bitcoin will likely not be used to register every single transaction, like buying a cup of coffee. Look at Changetip for example. 1 upvote. I just sent you money outside of the blockchain. Yet changetip uses the blockchain to settle accounts and get money in and out of their system.
In other words, we'll likely see an emergence of financial services that operate off-chain, but use bitcoin to settle accounts or large trades or groups of transactions. 
For example, Google Driverless Cars might one day be configured with a 'speed mode' and charged with $10. (1 transaction). Then the car will communicate with other driverless cars on the highway, and it will pay say 10c for a car to get out of the way, essentially creating a paid fastlane dynamically. Cars whose owners configured it to 'time is not essential' now earn 10-20% of their fuel costs by letting cars with owners who are willing to pay more for their road pay them to get out of the way. All these small transactions will happen on the fly, but they don't need to necessarily each get recorded on the blockchain, maybe Google records each microtransaction to each car then uses the blockchain to settle it at the end of the trip.
Instead they can use micropayment channels or sidechains or off-chain ledgers. Bitcoin becomes the settling system to tie everything together.
To make a long story short, bitcoin can power millions of non-bitcoin blockchain transactions per second.
Beyond that there are indeed optimizations to the protocol to make it easier to process larger blocks without creating incentive problems for miners or making it slow to sync the blockchain or hard to store it. (invertible bloom filters, headers first, blockchain pruning etc). Squeezing more transactions into a fixed amount of data is limited though as you can only compress so much. The solution is to simply create larger blocks (more transactions), and to make a transaction in a block represent potentially thousands of off-chain / sidechain transactions (transactions become more meaningful).
@_date: 2015-01-21 12:08:31
Bloom filters do indeed solve that and here's why.
When a miner adds transactions to a block and mines it, then propagates it, why is it not propagating that block to itself, too?
Obviously because it already has all the transaction data.
Guess what, all the other miners do, too. Propagating a mined block is basically just saying 'hey guys, all these transactions of the past 10 minutes you and I already have, well, X Y and Z of those are in the block'.
So instead of actually sending all those transactions and its data in a block, you just say 'this is what makes up a block and btw you already have the data'.
What this does is it makes every blog about the same size.
This means that a block with 1 transaction or 10000 transactions isn't meaningfully faster or slower. 
Combine this with the fact that larger blocks means more revenue, there's genuine long-term incentives to fill up blocks when blocks propagate as fast as any other blocks regardless of size. (say a 16 gig block allows 16 million transactions, and each transaction is 1 penny, then filling up that block is now a $0.6 million incentive)
That's the basic story at least. There are some caveats, but it's received a lot of academic research outside of bitcoin and quite a lot of testing and it looks like a winner.
@_date: 2015-01-19 15:22:23
You're welcome :)
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:17:20
You guys have any more info? I'm aware of these two parties, but the general thought has been that you need an MSB in every state and may beed additional licenses beyond that. This is prohibitively expensive, and therefore most companies only service a few states. For example, Kraken is market leader in Europe right now because it wasn't possible at the time to get the licenses for all states and they have a kickass legal team who are out there all the time speaking with ministers of finance, regulators and banks. They're VC funded, if they can't do it, I'd want more than 'we have an MSB license so it's all good' to trust others are fully compliant.
This idea that SecondMarket is compliant is actually not entirely truthful as they're still just a broker-dealer, like Coinbase, and not an actual exchange. And exchanges perform lots of vital functions like liquidity to broker-dealers like Coinbase, but also providing liquidity to Bitpay and ATMs worldwide. SecondMarket does none of that as it's just a broker-dealer, so it's not as awesome news as it could be, but still great to see a trustworthy counterparty, which is pretty rare still.
@_date: 2014-04-17 14:14:57
Brilliant move.
@_date: 2015-01-12 05:10:55




So tell the source. Look, you almost always want to post the source. Except if it's such common knowledge, or so believable, that you don't really have to. (e.g. claiming Australia is a popular place for surfer tourists).
But you've said it's implausible to many, and that you have a source on **social media**. Look if this was some undercover guy with an NDA, sure, don't post the source (although you'll have a hard time getting me to believe you). But if you literally found info about 9 people being laid off on social media, which the article says, then just post the link already.


I said already it doesn't have anything to do with the content. I'm just saying it looks like shit. And trust me, it looks like shit. Don't give me that subjectivity crap. If I put shit on a plate and say it's dinner, I'm not going to say 'well taste is subjective' when you don't want to eat it. It's just really bad, so bad that I'm honestly wondering if the CSS is somehow not loading for me because it's bland gray on white. You know it's shit when it's the Wordpress Toolbox theme that's *designed to let you build your own theme on top and you didn't do that*. But hey don't take it from me, it was so popular the author retired the theme. In any case, it's designed to be changed i.e. it's as bare-bones as possible, so that you can do your own styling without interference of another style. It's not supposed to stay like this. Give me a break, even arguing with me on whether the CSS looks crap or not.
If anyone wants this beautiful theme, just get it here:
Amazing isn't it?
Just get a different theme already, or keep this one, but please, please, don't try to pull the 'beauty is subjective.' I assure you it'll be good for your website to add some basic styling. I'm not saying go balls to the wall with your CSS and do something crazy, I understand and appreciate simplicity but even wikipedia or reddit is styled better, just some simple improvements that's all. At least make it a little bit responsive, it doesn't style well on mobile at all, that's just silly in this day and age. Hell wordpress makes that a 5 minute process. 
I mean tell me honestly, is this the first time you've heard someone say you needed a theme upgrade? Anyway, forget it do whatever you want.
The 6 people reference is from a site that jacked a quote from our article
Really? It's almost as if I said that already.
But hey, fuck them for not sourcing their articles, AM I RIGHT?
Oh wait. You didn't either.
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:18:35
Hahah, pretty scarry tbh, they upvoted all their own comments to +10 and downvoted the first comment that said 'phishing attempt' to -10. It's hard to crowd-battle an army of bots haha. Glad there seems to always be a mod nearby :D Thanks!
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:39:52
Great to hear guys, good luck with the rest of the states and make sure to give Europe some thought. To an extent it can be pretty straightforward.
Also, it seems there are two states in which no MSB license is required. Any reason not to operate there shortly?
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:44:00
I'd say that's not insignificant. It means they're not a priori against bitcoin, and it means they have a special interest to see bitcoin take off. It also indicates that the bitcoin ecosystem is worth investing in, knowing full well about the regulatory environment and the bitlicense stuff. 
All in all I'd say it's a sign of confidence. It doesn't mean an ETF will happen, but it's certainly some positive news on that front.
The fact that the Wink ETF isn't for the NYSE for example doesn't mean it's not significant. If they invest in a bitcoin company, it could very well be it's because they have looked at the ETF and saw it has a good chance to launch in 2015 on the NASDAQ, benefiting the bitcoin ecosystem and their Coinbase investment. Who knows. 
In any case I wouldn't focus on the ETF too much, it's significant news even if no ETF was planned.
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:24:20
Interesting article, thanks for posting. Grim times indeed. 
I'm more concerned with what this means for social stability than anything bitcoin related (which I usually care about). A downward spiral with no instruments to offset it but to go into higher debt (worsening the problem and delaying it by a few years) is frightening. It means businesses close down, fire people, which lowers wages, lowers spending, increases government debt to provide for them etc, creating more unemployment. That kind of stuff can really destabilise entire societies. When you get 25% or 40% unemployment and faltering budgets you can only assume what happens in politics (polarising), in cities (crime), in institutions (corruption), health care (class based) etc. It'd be a big step backwards for a while and it's already far from perfect today.
Anyway it sounds so cooky and conspiratorial almost. I've never been a fan of that discourse, but it definitely feels as if we're in an extremely fragile and precarious situation right now globally with very little recourse.
@_date: 2015-01-13 22:04:32
Bob Ross 2.0?
@_date: 2015-01-23 08:38:48
Unless you were shadowbanned and someone replied to your post about how you may have been shadowbanned, implying you're not as that someone can see your post, but actually that someone was a bot to make it appear you're not shadowbanned and you're actually shadowbanned and nobody can see your posts anymore and bots like me are the only conversational partners you have left in your ever more isolated life.
@_date: 2014-03-14 00:03:09
@_date: 2014-08-09 12:59:33
O(n) also gets easier over time as bandwidth, computing power and storage all grow exponentially, each between 50-60% per year meaning in 10 years today's n operations are 80x cheaper to do than today.
Anyway, I've been saying this for a while, glad to see Gavin confirm this. 
Although I think the node's bandwidth requirements are a bit underestimated, as we see nodes with enough capacity easily do 5 GB of data a day, while new blockchain block data per day doesn't even hit 0.1 GB. In other words, if your node only serviced 1 peer, then yes, $20 a month would be enough to run the node. But today a typical node has 50 or so peers, meaning the bandwidth is far greater as you're exchanging block data many times over. 
I still think it's incredibly cheap and the cost only goes down over time, but it's not as easy as he makes it seem in this post. But it's a great back of th envelope calculation to provide some context.
@_date: 2014-08-28 11:48:33
Because the website and the projects suck, in short...
@_date: 2014-03-02 19:17:15
This looks really great guys. The video doesn't really get technical though apart from mentioning multisig without explaining what is is, or rather, what the implications of that are.
Could you please describe a number of very clear user cases (e.g. alice wants to send bob 3 btc. This is what she can traditionally do and why there are risks. This is how Bitalo solves those risks. Or, alice has 5 btc that she wants to store in a secure way. This is what she can do, but here's why that's bad and why Bitalo is better. That type of stuff) that compare Bitalo to using no services or using competitor services.
That would really help a lot. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-12-06 22:53:09
I doubt very many. The reality is that they've received over $30m in funding at a $160m valuation as of last May. It's typical to see cost-per-employee at $180k in Silicon Valley, but they're mainly headquartered in Atlanta, with smaller offices in SV, Amsterdam and Buenos Aires, and they've got quite a bit of sales/support staff, so they're likely able to get talent a bit cheaper per employee. Let's say $150k. Those are loaded costs (salary, training, office space, computer hardware, insurance etc). Other operational costs will be pretty low (some marketing, some exchange fees. But they likely get a 0% to 0.1% fee for exchanging bitcoin, and integrate the sale price into the prices they show customers so this likely isn't costing them anything).
With a team of about 60 people, that's $9m a year. So they can really last with this team for a few more years before they need another round of funding or need to start generating large amounts of revenue.
We also know they process about $400m or so per year. If they make 0.5% in fees on this revenue (by charging enterprise users) that's $2m. 0.5% might be optimistic, but let's not forget that the biggest companies probably rake in the most sales for them. This is a bit different from the normal economy where 95%+ of jobs and revenues are from SMEs. In the world of bitcoin, you really need to be a big player for bitcoiners to even be aware you accept it, like Dell, Newegg, Overstock, Tigerdirect, Expedia. So for now these enterprise companies likely generate a lopsided amount of sales, and pay for enterprise support.
If we look at growth rates, well it's tricky. We've seen merchant growth of about 10%, but the numbers are a bit old. As for consumer wallets, we're seeing 10% growth or so, too, at Coinbase, Blockchain.info etc. That's more than 3x growth per year. So by the 10% per month standard, in 36 months the ecosystem is 30x larger. If Bitpay, with its 60-man team, produces the software and sales to maintain or grow its current marketshare, they'll go from profiting $2m off of $400m to profiting $60m off of $12 billion processed.
Now that seems very optimistic to me. Bitcoin growth is really hard to predict, it has peaks and valleys. But under that scenario, by the time their $30m runs out, they'll be generating enough revenues to pay a team 6x bigger. I have my doubts about the 10% growth. It's very possible with some breakthrough events (like Paypal creating a bitcoin wallet for its customers), but it's not as trivial to go from 5 to 15m users as it was to go from 1 to 3m users.
So yeah it seems like Bitpay is funded by a big venture capital bet for the next 3 years in the hope adoption picks up, for now there likely aren't that many paying customers and they probably aren't generating a profit, either. (they used to, they simply chose to grow fast with VC money. A bit like how Facebook didn't make a profit the first 5 years but grew to 300m users that now generate billions)
@_date: 2014-06-24 11:26:57
I'm simplify it with some different terms
You can't delete bitcoins. Bitcoins exist in the blockchain. Think of it as an online distributed vault where your money is stored. 
On your computer all you have are your private keys, which are a bit like passwords or access keys to this online vault known as the blockchain. So if a hacker deletes those, that's okay, because you can back them up. For example let's say you have a file on your PC with your email password, if someone deletes the file, you still know the password. It's in your brain, maybe you wrote it down somewhere, maybe you keep a backup on a USB stick.
Bitcoin is no different. You can actually store private keys in your brain (a brain wallet), write them down on a piece of paper. 
In other words, as long as you consider the private key the password to your money, and keep multiple places where you have your password (also offline e.g. on paper, so a hacker can't touch it), you're good :)
@_date: 2014-07-09 17:15:18
Mining isn't that bad it's just incredibly risky. And most people don't get that. They buy hardware from a company that is no good, that won't deliver or will deliver 12 months later, and at that point the mining gear is useless. But for people with a good supply of hardware and a decent price of electricity, mining is a great way to obtain bitcoin. The problem is that 9/10 people don't fit these conditions yet they still mine and lose money.
Anyway to answer the question... I don't earn bitcoin I just buy it. You can go to e.g. Jobs4Bitcoin and earn bitcoin e.g. for programming or design or something like that too.
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:38:08
Oh sorry I thought you were more familiar with Coinbase.
So Coinbase is a company starting in 2012 with a wallet and a brokerage service, it's not really an exchange per se. They're licensed as brokers in any case.
That's one part of their business and not necessarily the biggest one. The other two parts is one that they're a payment processor for merchants. So for example Dell or Expedia and tens of thousands of other companies large and small accept bitcoin and they process the payment.
And lastly, the wallet part. They have a bitcoin wallet (which is insured) which lets you send around bitcoin easily. For this they've also built mobile apps for iOS and Android. It's not really redundant at the moment as it's actually pretty difficult to secure bitcoins on your own computer and there's not a ton of super friendly and easy to use software to do it yourself. I could do it sure, but not my mom, something like Armory or Electrum and using private keys and such is too complex for her.
They charge for customers buying bitcoin and charge for processing payments.


There's no such business whatsoever? Where are you reading these things?


It's not part of their core business and I'd be surprised they even make money on that. Again you're not allowed to invest custodial funds, they're not an investment firm, you keep assuming they're breaking the law. They may hold it in checking accounts which accrue some interest, but I doubt it, you can't get an interest rate anymore these days without investment in something risky which again they've never said they do and aren't allowed to do.
Furthermore, this part of their business is only a few months old. In the first 3 years of their business (as they scaled from nothing to a company worth $400m) there was no option whatsoever to hold USD funds with them. The only reason it's there is to allow users to quickly buy bitcoin because they've already wired Coinbase money, instead of having to wire money and wait 1-3 days the moment you decide to buy.
As such it's a supporting function for buying bitcoin, it's not there to make money on interest and again it's very new and only possible in a few states in the US, not even the whole country, while their wallet is worldwide, their payment processing is worldwide and their brokerage is in 19 countries. It's a very small part of their business.
And again for the last time it has absolutely nothing to do with what the OP talks about and what this entire reddit thread is about. So with that I'll end the discussion as we're getting really off-topic! Thanks for the chat :)
@_date: 2015-01-10 04:28:35
They have a phone number to call, too, if you want more info.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:54:24
How are they random? This is a pretty cool company with a nice team founded by the guy who founded CNET (latest valuation: $2 billion bought by CBS in 2008). Their product is pretty interesting, too, nothing revolutionary but well executed and quite cheap. It allows you to hold bitcoin in other currency denominations using them as a custodian. 
Basically the notion of holding dollars or euros in digital accounts that can be transferred to other people for free, instantly, worldwide, using bitcoin as the network, but without the volatility of the currency.
It's not for everyone, but to call it a random company is a bit silly. And $10m certainly isn't a strange amount of funding for the team that they have.
As for the comparison to the market cap, apples and oranges. Although yes, the notion $0.5b has been invested when bitcoin's "market cap" is less than $3b does suggest to me that it's undervalued generally. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:04:23


Thanks brother! Anyway I don't disagree with most of your points in your post, but you're making points about running a node being non-trivial. I won't argue that (although it can become trivial, that's another story). What I'm arguing is that if you already run a dedicated blockchain rig (e.g. as a bitcoin miner, business, university or tech professional doing it for fun), 1 terabyte of extra storage is a relatively minor and trivial extra cost.
This is after all a thread not about running nodes, it's a thread about increasing the block size to 20mb. The cost consequences of this action are mostly storage related, and they're pretty trivial at $20-40 for an extra terabyte. That's very doable.
Whether running a node in the first place (even one with 1mb block sizes) is annoying is a different topic and there I don't disagree with you at all, it is annoying indeed. In 99/100 cases you want a dedicated rig (or offload it to a cloud service). 
About that latter point: running dedicated rigs. I don't think it's as big a deal as I have the feeling you fear. I'll admit I'm not deeply familiar as you with the various hardware and software available and have only done small tests. But I've been speaking on and off with someone working on a plug &amp; play node that he's looking to build and sell. And I know there are various initiatives, some already for sale like: 


Well again, I think it's reasonable to expect a fair amount of non-tech users running plug &amp; play nodes, quite similar to how the smartphone and youtube has empowered millions of complete technophiles into amateur radio/vlog/music/documentary makers. If bitcoin becomes important enough, scaled to be used by tens or hundreds of millions worldwide, we'll likely see sophisticated, easy and cheap plug &amp; play nodes. (they already exist but $149 is a bit steep imo).
But even ignoring all these people and just counting on dedicated professionals... That leaves many millions of people and businesses, spread out around the world, each servicing the entire world and therefore making partial regulation and control moot, and the number of tech professionals is only rising and rising. To control these people you'd essentially need to control every country and jurisdiction. If I lived in China, there's no way any government can prevent me from sending 500 bytes of data to a node somewhere else in the world except by shutting down the internet, and not just that, but hell, as long as I have a pigeon to delivery pieces of paper, I can build, sign and transfer transaction data to nodes who input it manually, allowing me to make e.g. a wikileaks contribution. It's important not to completely disregard these issues but I'm not terribly concerned to be honest.
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:12:07
No shit.
@_date: 2014-02-20 13:23:47
They're pretty close to dead, not entirely dead. But if you're interested in either promoting Bitcoin, or reporting Bitcoin news/prices from open, decent companies, you might as well remove Mt. Gox.
I mean, really. Imagine I started a company allowing people to buy Google Shares at 20% the value. Once they bought them, they could not actually take ownership of these shares or sell them anywhere but at my company. Furthermore, I was untransparent, do not have an office, have legal/financial problems and am known to have blatantly lied about all kinds of things, including about Google, which brought the price of shares down.
Would anyone in their right mind list my company anywhere? No. So why list Mt. Gox who does exactly the same? Fuck Mt. Gox and fuck everyone who's active and is still listing them. You're helping them stay alive while they provably and objectively lie and hurt Bitcoin, and quite likely also scam although this still has to be proven.
@_date: 2014-06-23 09:02:37
@_date: 2015-01-11 14:38:41
Nice, thanks for posting! :)
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:15:48
As I mentioned and explained in this and another comment down here, the risk/reward of pirating media content illegally or doing banking, digital signatures, stocks, proof of ownership etc in an illegal manner are two entirely different things.
Venture capital would leave, payment processors would leave, exchanges allowing fiat transactions would be impossible. You'd only be able to buy bitcoin from a guy on the street who may or may not be a cop posing as a seller. Youd have shit volume, itd be extremely easy to move the price, high volatility. You and every business would constantly be at risk of losing funds and going to jail. No business could advertise themselves on regular channels, or even make known their employees, partners, offices or anything, as it would lead to their arrest. Every year a few percent of companies get arrested, funs seized, making the total bitcoin costs higher than any legal payment solution.
Again you cant ban bitcoin, but Id say its a pretty safe statement to make to say bitcoin cant meaningfully exist if its made illegal. Bitcoin works because it can be faster, cheaper, safer, more convenient. Illegality would make it riskier, less convenient, volatile, expensive.
One illegal thing is not the other, be real about this. Bitcoin wont be banned I dont think it wikl, but its naive to say itll do just fine if it actually does get banned.
@_date: 2014-06-02 15:49:21
Not sure, I know there's a lot of stories of drop box files being stolen, see here:
I personally would re-encrypt anything of value in the cloud, that's a no-brainer.
If encrypted, well it depends on the encryption of course, but theoretically you could send every person in the world your wallet if you encrypted it well enough, so cloud or not, who cares? But you need proper encryption for sure, without it don't do it, with it, you're as safe as your encryption is.
Hope that helps 
@_date: 2015-05-18 21:33:08
I've got no clue.
A hardware wallet makes sense (basically a trezor chip in every device), and a private key for authenticating devices is useful, too.
I just don't get where the mining comes in :-/
If mining were linear then perhaps you could sell devices in e.g. Africa at discounted upfront prices, and recoup revenue through mining. A bit like giving away phones that'll generate mining revenue for you. But mining is so unpredictable nobody would build a business off of that. And it'd still be more expensive for consumers (buying bitcoin through inefficient mining hardware on expensive local energy), which means different forms of financing are still better solutions to allow discounted upfront prices.
I'm at a loss honestly
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:58:52


Interesting and exciting thought. Given the current growth rates we could hit 15m in 12 months from now. 
But it's not unreasonable to assume in the next 12 months we'll see some 'big events' that could really drive adoption to 20m or beyond. Something like Paypal adding bitcoin to its digital wallets, a huge retailer adopting bitcoin, the EU providing favorable regulation, stuff like that could drive the growth rates up momentarily.
I think it's still early days though, I generally expect the really big things in 2015-2016, but who knows. I think we'll definitely see at least two billion-dollar retailers (like Overstock/Tigerdirect are) adopt bitcoin this year as per the predictions of payment processors.
@_date: 2014-11-07 19:03:39
Feel free to elaborate if you think I'm wrong, or you can cuss at someone who's not writing posts with ill intentions.
And I suggest to remember that for the rest of your life. When you see someone say something that you think is wrong, but without ill intentions, it's the opposite of productive to merely say 'fuck you'.
Just to reiterate, in case you misinterpreted anything:
The first part of my post is about Jeff being a cheapskate for paying money for something that does not benefit him, and that will never make him any money in return. That's called a gift. I'm not saying it's a generous amount for the designer, I'm saying that it's generous to give any money for the benefit of an entire community, whether it was $1 or $1million. I don't see how you can say 'fuck you' to that.
And the second part of the post is the amount itself. First I mention that $200 is not a global typical per-hour rate for a 'decent designer'. That's a rate that nets you hundreds of thousands in revenue on an annual basis. That's simply not typical. $150-$250 is typical for talented designers in Silicon Valley, not for some quick reddit-improvement mockup. If you're that guy, don't reply, it's that simple. I'm a software dev freelancer, $200 is absolute shit for a lot of people I understand that, which is why I posted this isn't a job for people like that. I'd loved to have had a $200 quick programming/design job back in uni. Have you looked at the bitcoin subreddit. Have you looked at Jeff Garzik? He's not looking to build the next Coinbase iOS app. This is a typical designer-student job where he builds up his portfolio for work or for school, gets $200 and some experience. 
Anyway thanks for your insightful post.
@_date: 2014-06-06 00:21:44
few years ago heard about it but didn't give it much thought. Thought it was something like Linden dollars, some company paying out digital currency tokens for things like folding proteins, which had a market value somehow. Which I thought was cool but not really mind blowing or anything. 
Basically somehow in my head I concluded it was a financial incentive concept for computer power, and that the utility was actually the mining calculations which allowed people to earn money by doing computing for things like academic research. 
Few years later around summer/fall of 2013 I looked into it more. Was kind of convinced after a week of intensive reading, followed by a small purchase and everyday reading for months as I built my stake. Currently it's a big thing on my mind, considering to leave my stake and pursue other things as it drains attention but I'm not really participating. (if I don't participate it's no use to read about every little launch, quote, investment, gov report, altcoin, new app etc etc. There's so much happening). Or, to find a job in the space, but it's a bit tricky as I have a business background and only programmed for a decade as a hobbyist, but knowing computer science a bit I know I don't and will never have (lack of passion) what it takes to build solid bitcoin software. (the risk of fucking up is way higher than what I did, which was building software for entertainment, bugs permitted) and frankly there's not a lot that a business junior can do in the space right now. Lots of demand for engineers, little need for marketing plans, as strange as that sounds for such a nascent financial space. It's all about building product and organic growth of a self-selecting early adopter audience.
So that's me. Definitely on the bitcoin train, but not sure whether to take the sleeper cabin for a few stops, or start shoveling coal into the engine. Damn that was a tight ass analogy lol
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:08:11
I think he does know but that until now, the funds he had stolen didn't go anywhere?
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:29:01
I bet they'll do 51% at some point before the year ends, and that's just embarrassing. It'll be one of those things forever mentioned years from now 'When bitcoin was already accepted by Dish, Overstock etc, a single individual pool operator held 51% of the entire network'.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:07:55
It's possible, but consider this:
whatever password you have for your key, if it's not strong enough, your money is gone.
If it's strong enough, it could be the seed to the private key.
If you have to remember the password anyway, let it be the seed to your private key. 
Beyond that, I'm not sure what the huge added value is. Your encrypted keys stored on your email don't infringe on your privacy or anonimity, they're encrypted. It looks like random data. If people actually could break the encryption and see which keys they were and thereby damage your privacy, then they wouldn't be safe on the blockchain in the first place. 
All you're doing is taking something you can store safely anywhere in the world, for free, and putting it on the blockchain and burdening every node's harddrives with this data, data that will likely become useless at some point when you switch wallet. Only now it's permanent and can't be removed.
In short, doesn't look like the most enticing idea to me. But sure it's possible.
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:34:03
Ugh, it's getting tiresome when people throw the word shill around. I've been called a shill about once a month haha.
Anyway, I'm curious, would you agree that the hard cap is a problem that can be overcome, and that it is likely to happen, and why or why not.
I think one thing is absolutely clear: if bitcoin can't do more than 7 tps, it's probably not going to be meaningful in the world of payments and probably won't appreciate in value very much and is actually likely to go to 0 because a scalable system is so much better. Knowing this, everyone is incentivized to accept the hard fork when the time comes, because if they don't, they're stuck with an uncompetitive limited system that causes the tokens of this system (the bitcoins) to become worthless pretty quickly.
It's not trivial to scale by 100x or by 1000x, but it's very much a solvable problem. Particularly when you start seeing businesses connect their internal accounting to bitcoin and use bitcoin as a daily settling system, meaning you can sort of condence 1.000 transactions into one large one. (e.g. Coinbase users paying a Coinbase merchant with their Coinbase wallet don't involve any bitcoin transactions. They're internal transactions off-chain. Coinbase switches some numbers around internally, but is still hooked up to the blockchain at the end of the day. It just doesn't have to process each transaction individually. Micropayments will probably happen on off-chains or alternative blockchains and settle e.g. once every 10 minutes. )
@_date: 2014-06-27 22:58:28
Nah. I quote from the preamble of the bill:
* This bill would also prohibit a person from being required to accept alternative currency.
Basically the bill attacked legal notions that nobody may put into circulation money except the government. But even if you're allowed to create a currency, it doesn't make it legal tender, which would be when everyone would be, under the court of law, be forced to accept that currency.
e.g. legal tender means if you have a contract where I paint your house for $100. And you come to me and offer me $100 worth of bitcoins, if it's legal tender I must accept it. And if I go to the court and say I haven't been paid, the judge says the contract was settled in bitcoin which is legal tender.
To be clear, that's NOT at all what the bill was about. In fact, it explicitly mentioned that non-US dollar currencies would not be legal tender.
@_date: 2014-05-09 22:20:19
lol, pretty credible from a guy selling a goddamn bitcoin point of sale system.
still true though.
@_date: 2016-01-15 18:10:46
I like Mike's early work, he was devving for bitcoin waaay before VC money poured in half a billion dollars, when bitcoin was solely ridiculed in mainstream media and blockchain tech wasn't a buzzword taken seriously by the big players of the world, before Coinbase or Bitpay had decent services setup or even existed, at a time when theft and scams and shitty exchanges was 90% of the news.
Then he did his crowd funding project, I thought that was great, too. Simultaneously he identified, like everyone else, a problem, and proposed a solution. I thought that was cool too.
I never liked all the vitriol he received. At the same time, I think he made a mistake. He cashed out, essentially joins a competing platform, while concluding bitcoin is dead when he very well knows it's not. He's overreacting, and it's hitting the news left and right, even though bitcoin never, ever, despite his positive contributions, came close to living or dying on the basis of whether he worked on it or not. He simply did not hold that influence, yet somehow the narrative has shifted to that in mainstream media today, and he's partially to blame. It's a shitty move, like badmouthing a decent company that you left because you had a different vision.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:05:16
The judge has mentioned:


Even without a victim, obviously you have to punish that. (I'd given 5-10 years max btw not this ridiculous life bs). 
Same thing for drugs, if you accept that the SR facilitated the use of addictive, destructive drugs like heroin, which is not unlikely, one can argue there is some accountability. I think that's rather fair and I'm a proponent of legalising soft drugs completely, but I think there's a difference between a working dad who smokes pot twice a month to relax, and ANY person (a 14 year old kid) who has access to ANY drug (heroin) without any oversight, quality control etc. It's tremendously dangerous.
And I mention heroin because one kid overdosed on it, heroin from the SR. Obviously this kid is a victim, and obviously selling harddrugs, addictive and destructive ones, in any context (like to a minor) ought to be a crime. Which makes all this victimless crime bs in this subreddit a bit disappointing. 
In short I think he was really stupid, appears to have commissioned assasinations, and has some (not full but some) accountability in victims of highly dangerous products he facilitated the sale off to people who shouldn't use them. For that I'd not find 5-10 years unreasonable. Life is just insane.
At the same time the SR ought to be a huge wake up call to government. They ought to become the SR, legalise softdrugs completely, become the supplier, the overseer, the regulator, the quality control inspector, generate tax revenues and make the market safe, accessible, root out drug related crime etc etc. The SR unquestionably was partially a force for good which ought to be emulated by government, or privatised in a safe and regulated context.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:55:31
Absolutely, investors have invested small amounts into bitcoin, but bitcoins are not going to be explode in value every year unless you have professional businesses to drive good entrepreneurship to fuel adoption. And these investment companies we've seen up till now specialize in venture tech investments, it's not just a bag of money, it's also things like network, management, marketing, human resources etc with which they support tech companies. So naturally they'll be more inclined to invest in companies than currency assets.
That's long-term thinking. Yes if those guys had poured $100m into bitcoin instead of into Coinbase, the price would probably have jumped above $1k for a while. But that's the equivalent of putting $500k into bitcoins in 2011, instead of investing into Bitpay. The price would've jumped from $1 to $5, but it wouldn't mean shit in the long-term without companies driving adoption. The price would still be $5 and services and products would be shit.
Also, the only investment firms convinced of bitcoin's potential are currently tech-VCs who 'get it', not pension funds or banks or wealth managers. They first need to see strong companies before they invest in bitcoin.
So I think this will absolutely change. Once you have 10 top companies with enough funds to last years with 100-engineer teams, you'll see small investments continue to happen ($3m, $5m), but you probably won't see $75m funding rounds every year. And if those companies are successful, that means growing adoption and a naturally growing price due to new demand. At that point (together with an ETF and things like the block reward halving) it'll probably make more sense again to shift some investments towards bitcoin again. Particularly as at this point, it's not just tech VCs but also 'traditional' investment funds that get into the game who don't just invest in companies but also in currencies, commodities, assets, derivatives etc.
@_date: 2014-08-01 20:38:52
1 bitcoin!
Yes I went there.
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:36:48
"In other news, unofficial organisation unaffected as less than 1% of members resign over accusations of a man's pedosexual activities while he was a 17 year old kid himself, 15 years ago, who's never actually been charged with any crime."
Look I don't think Pierce is fit for a PR role and I'd rather see him work in companies, not as a public persona for the bitcoin foundation, but there's different ways of bringing news... this is just hyperbolic.
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:48:31
This is how I see it. Yes, in 2010 you could mine btc using a cpu you already had at no risk. But, why would you bother, the price of a bitcoin was less than a cent. Even if you bothered to mine, why would you not sell the bitcoins? Tens of thousands of them could net you $100 and there were plenty of reasons to believe specifically bitcoin instead of any other cryptocurrency would not survive. These people did not sell them however, there were people that did not sell them after it crashed from $30 to $5 and did not recover for a very long time, when barely anyone knew about it, when there was no vc, media, ATMs and mostly associations wihth the likes of silk road.
Ask yourself why you dont hold any of the other 500 cryptocurrencies out there. They pose no risk to buy in with $10-$100. As their prices rise and you suddenly have $1000 worth or $10k worth, why not sell? Well all those people at $100k plus today did not sell and a number of them advocated and built bitcoin, but all of them took the risk to forgo cashing out.
But if you fundamentally disagree with someone being able to buy something and deserve its value when it appreciates 10x in price for whatever reason, then its a wholly unrelated discussion to bitcoin. An interesting one which I agree with in many ways actually, but not exclusive to btc. 
@_date: 2014-10-15 20:20:39
Wow, the Dutchies did some great stuff in that video!
@_date: 2015-01-21 11:57:44
Bitreserve is an awesome example of this. I can literally go in and check their assets and liabilities on the blockchain and check their transaction history, even down to how much revenue they earned.
I can easily see why companies don't want to disclose that information however, and it extends to companies that have nothing to do with being a custodian of money. 
I'd say the best middleground is this: use their multi-sig wallet. You keep 100% control of keys, and Coinbase has none, but they provide the software layer to make handling keys and transactions a little easier. You can then audit yourself ;)
But there will also be those who don't care much. Coinbase has a great team, legal scrutiny and isn't allowed by law to do fractional reserve with custodial funds (they're not a bank). So this notion that a very professionally run company, looked into by top investment firms, a mega bank, a mega telco as well as obviously their insurance provider and external security audits, with a great legal team, are breaking the law so blatantly, and that tens of engineers who have visibility on this are all in on it, without even a hint of evidence that this is the case, is pretty ridiculous at this point, particularly when they have a nice business model and don't need to.
Does that mean it's certainly not happening (fractional reserve)? No. I'm saying it's so unlikely that most people can continue to use them without having to live in fear. Kind of like how you can't guarantee your car won't explode the next time you drive it, but it's so unlikely you can comfortably continue to use it.
And if you're still not comfortable, again, just use their multi-sig product and keep control yourself. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 08:31:30
I've heard about 9 people were layed off, is this true? What is the reason, employment grew faster than adoption? A shift in strategy? Ditching decent employees to try to hire the best of the best after going from $3m in funding to $30m in funding?
Thanks! And all the best :)
@_date: 2014-06-16 12:42:07
I thought I acknowledged and covered this buddy. Let me know if you want to know more.
@_date: 2014-10-15 22:23:11
Guess what happens when you can assign any value you want to bitcoin?
Surprise! Same like with any other good, e.g. the apples and oranges in a grocery store can be priced however one likes: the market forces of supply and demand settle at a price.
Bitcoin is no different, and current supply and demand settles it around $400.
@_date: 2015-01-20 17:06:16
Yeah there's a chance. Look Bitpay offers 0% processing and captured Twitch away from Coinbase, and onboarded Microsoft, a freaking giant.
Meanwhile Circle offers 0% instant purchasing.
Both companies have tens of millions of funding, if people like you continue to use Circle, and companies like Microsoft continue to use Bitpay, hell yeah they might ditch their pricing or reduce it.
But I don't think it's super likely. They're aggressively hiring, have a big team, a lot of customer support guys too, and aggressively expand to other countries. It looks like they get plenty of growth regardless, and they're probably making decent money on it, too, probably enough to pay half their staff. It doesn't make much sense to burn a lot more money, destroy your business model for the next few years, when you're already growing nicely.
I don't know in short... but yeah there's a chance.
@_date: 2015-01-12 05:49:55


No, but one of their headquarters is literally around my corner (10 minute walk) and I know what wages are like here and with benefits, office space and their marketing, you'll have trouble spending more than $100k. Hell if you want to be more generous, call it $150k for average costs-per-employee. Hell make it $200k if you want for the sake of argument. It doesn't change the fact they're not running out of cash this year, that's just ridiculous. But feel free to show me your calculations that add up to costs of 50k per employee per month on average given the cities they're in, cause that's what you need to burn 30m by 'late this year', say 10 months from now.
And no, Atlanta, Costa Rica and Amsterdam aren't known to be expensive cities like you say. I won't call them cheap - except Costa Rica with a $10k GDP per capita, real expensive - but known to be expensive? SF yeah, but the rest, nah. I live in Amsterdam, I know. And Atlanta where the bulk of their team is? Average salary is about $45k, for Software Engineers it's about $75k. They spend $500k a year on their Bitcoin Bowl, averaged out over 60 employees is another $8k. Hell add a ridiculous $20k per employee for their office space and computer. And yeah that's a ridiculous number on purpose, Bitpay's been at the Atlanta Tech Village for years until recently and their pricing for 5+ employees is $3900 per year per employee for office space, parking, conference rooms etc. Just for some perspective. 
Add benefits and all that. And then of course subtract reductions in salary because startup employees typically take part of their pay in equity. Then take cheaper offices in Amsterdam and Costa Rica. You'll have trouble getting the number above $150k per employee, meaning they have enough money to last a couple years. How you get to $500k average per employee is beyond me, but let me know, you must want that bet if you're so sure.


Oh ok.
So when you said "I bet they go out of business late this year" that was metaphorical or something? 
@_date: 2015-05-20 21:05:42
As long as you have like 10k of savings left over and a decent job/employability, especially if young and far away from retirement, you can do whatever you want to do, including make very high-risk calls.
Remember that venture capitalists make very high risk calls. They usually get it wrong 99 times and lose virtually their entire investment, and then once they get a good run and turn a $1m stake into $250m, and very rarely a Facebook comes along and a guy like Peter Thiel buys 10% for 0.5m, when that 10% stock is now worth more than $20 billion.
But again, on 99 calls they lose money. If you make 100 investments and have billions in your fund, that can work out for you. If you only make 1 investment, well you better have godlike insight or the ODDS are great that you'll lose all your money.
Whether bitcoin is that 1 out of 100, or one of the 99 shitty ones, is too early to tell. Just want to give you a sense of how risky your call is and that bitcoin is a very typical VC investment: either it becomes worthless, or people who own it win a proverbial lottery. So just be aware of that.
Now I believe in bitcoin personally and own a bunch, but if I only had $19k I'd sure as hell not put it all in bitcoin. I might put $3-5k in bitcoin tops and that's pretty steep seeing as I'd suggest putting $10k into a liquid emergency fund with just enough ROI to beat inflation but nothing else, and the other $9k into something diverse like 20% bitcoin, 20% gold, 20% bonds, 20% index fund, 20% peer 2 peer lending or something like that. But if you're very young (e.g. 20s, 30s or maybe early 40s), you can take a bigger risk. And if you are okay with making a big bet that'll make you filthy rich, but the odds are less than 10% certain that you will, you can also make a bigger risk. I just wouldn't recommend it myself.
Anyway if you're fine after losing it, more power to you to invest it in things you think are important and valuable.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:48:44
Kinda meaningless, kinda meaningful. 
They simply take the Coinbase rate once per day. (not a surprise, they're Coinbase investors). 
Which means that not only is it a deeply one-sided rate (Coinbase is not bad, it's a good rate, but they're not the biggest exchange player), but it's also updated extremely infrequently. (wouldn't be surprised if this changed soon though).
So, nothing new, no new index, based on data we already had but worse.
On the other hand, it's about relevancy, about recognition, about legitimacy in the mainstream. When traders see the NYSE price bitcoin, it's hard to also think it's a blatant ponzi scheme whose CEO was arrested by the FBI (you'll be surprised how weird views get in the mainstream). 
@_date: 2014-04-17 12:08:10
0 confirmations to me are a bit like print fake dollars. With the right effort, you can print some $1 or $10 bills that can fool most people if you make a quick transaction in a store, but they'll notice afterwards, it's detectable, traceable, if you do it a couple times they'll know it's you. A bit similar to ordering coffee and then running off. If 0 conf double spends happen when you buy some coffee in a store, you're gonna get issues just like with fake money or running without paying. It's just not something people tend to do even if they can.
Online, it's generally not a problem due to reversibility of online service. e.g. you order a book from Amazon, or order a subscription of Netflix, these can be reversed a few minutes later when the double-spend is detected.
Besides this, most services do have identity factoring in to the equation. e.g. if you want to double-spend bitcoin and send em to kraken, you have a problem because you need a verified ID. And your bank account has to be in the same name as your ID. So you'd have to defraud your bank, identity and some utility bill or something, to cash out without it linking back to your identity, and you'd still have been seen at the bank with cameras on your face etc. And no exchanges do 0conf, so it'd be detected and your account wouldn't be credited with bitcoin.
So I'm not really concerned so far. What is a bit troubling is that if e.g. you buy a playstation 4 in a shop with bitcoin in a year from now, the merchant will want to offer 0conf, else nobody wants to use bitcoin and wait 10-60min. But at 0conf at $600, there's a big incentive to double spend this e.g. by a friend who buys a PS4 at a shop across the street. The timing would have to work out quite well and you'd want to have a phone controlling some miner interface straight away. But doing it can net you a few thousand in an afternoon. But again, it's theft, you'd have your face on the cameras and the police would be looking for you. And it's not inconceivable for merchants to say, sure any wallet is fine, 1 conf required, 0 conf is also fine but you can only pay through a wallet like Coinbase who has verified your identity and will insure against double spend risk. 
So I see a lot of vectors that would make double spending in practice pretty tricky. Off-chain transactions that settle in bitcoin (like Coinbase customers paying a Coinbase merchant with 'coinbase credit' that comes from 6+ confirmed deposits long before purchase) is most likely.
Multiple solutions to double-spending risk for merchants here:
@_date: 2014-05-13 09:20:18
It hasn't been that bad for me... in fact it's been pretty wonderful, but I can imagine I've not seen everything, but to say it's a horrible place is a surprise to me. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 11:52:41
Past 8 months the value of GH on CEX.io is down 18 fold to be exact. So not only is there little resale value, but the GH itself costs more than it generates in block rewards. (You currently get about 138 GH per 1 bitcoin, and with a 3% pool fee and 3% maintainance fee, you gain about 0.4 bitcoin in 8 months, after which a GH only produces 0.000001 bitcoin per month)
@_date: 2014-08-03 21:29:51
thuisbezorgd.nl if you're ever hungry, can order from a ton of places with bitcoin to your hotel room. (they own takeaway.com, to give you a sense of what it is)
@_date: 2016-01-16 16:13:16
You know how you have defamation of a person? Like say when Chris Kyle made up some bs about Ventura, everyone got mad at Ventura which caused him to lose his shitty TV shows etc? Well that cost him a lot of money, so he sued him and won.
Similarly, if I, as an influential figure in say the meat industry that people trust in, make up some bs that McDonalds buys over dated meat, puts it through a process to hide it and sells it, McDonalds would lose millions, who knows billions in sales. And they'd sue me, too.
In this case, Mike is damning an entire industry with a billion+ valuation of the companies involved, billion+ valuation of the money invested into the token itself, and has wiped out at least millions of dollars. If he did that on the basis of a made up story, he'd be sued to shit if it was a person or a company he badmouthed directly.
In any case, I don't think its true because Mike voiced legitimate concerns. I don't agree with most of his conclusions, but his opinion falls within the spectrum of opinion, journalism, commentary, freedom of speech etc. I doubt he'd be sued, if you shit on the management of Coca Cola and say they're incompetent etc, provide some opinion mixed with facts, you won't be sued. Especially because it wouldn't affect anything, just like Mike's opinion shouldn't, normally, affect the price, either.
Tbh, nothing's going on... the price drop isn't necessary, but anyone with a brain can predict that it happens nonetheless... so the smart thing to do is sell, and buy back a few days later. That's a self-fulfilling prophecy, in a way, causing a price drop. 
But Mike never held any kind of 'make or break' influence in the future or success of bitcoin as of late.
**Ask yourself this:** if Mike (god forbid) died a few days ago instead of leaving the project, there wouldn't have been a price drop at all, right? So why does him choosing to leave the project drop the price then? Not because we're missing his skills, because the price would've dropped when he hypothetically died, which we can all agree on is unlikely to affect the price whatsoever.
So if not his skills, then his negative opinion on bitcoin then? Well no, because he's been saying the exact same thing he does today, for the past 12 months, voicing the same concerns, and while doing so no he never affected the price. So why the fuck is there a price drop now? No reason, except that you know it's coming so people sell and make it drop, combined with the fact Cryptsy is fucked.
@_date: 2016-03-08 01:12:32
Well he hinted at that by saying that there were some claims that bitcoin is over capacity at 1mb. i.e., nodes currently can't handle the bandwidth etc of the current blocks, let alone for 5mb or 50mb blocks. If nodes can only handle say 1mb consistently, that means if you increase the block size to whatever number, say 1000mb, you'll still be limited by the 1mb throughput the nodes can handle. Other solutions that actually increase the amount of transactions per unit of bandwidth are actual scaling solutions that increase throughput through efficiency.
In short, throughput can't be raised by increasing block sizes in the software if the hardware/capital of the network of nodes caps it, is what he's getting at.
@_date: 2014-08-24 10:59:10
It sucks when you consider that money is just information, data, language, only when you send other information/data/language (like email, telephone, video, recorded or streaming live) in amounts tens of thousands of times as large than the information comprising a transfer of money, it's completely free.
That sucks. 
Naval Ravikant spoke about this just the other day.
And just because something is great, doesn't mean we should be silent about its flaws. When the plumbing in your house lets off a terrible smell, do you also say 'That's fine, because I still have a house, a private space, warmth, security' etc. No, you can say all that, AND say that the smell sucks, in the same way that we can say it's awesome we can use Paypal, but the fees suck compared to better systems that now exist.
@_date: 2014-08-02 17:08:34
Well it's interesting in this sense:
* Product has competitive or outright better characteristics on a number of aspects, e.g. speed, price, security, fraud-rate, accessibility, permissionless etc
Then you could say, there's a decent chance this might just take off. Putting an exact number on it, is a bit silly, sure, but throwing out a few different plausible scenarios helps to give context.
If you then compare that product to a bunch of incumbent products and imagine how valuable it could be given it's competitive, it makes again sense to gain some context as to what that value could look like.
And you quickly run into large numbers like '10k or 50k per coin is quite feasible in a 10y timespan'. Some go up all the way to 500k or even $1m, with numbers that actually do make sense, but require things to pan out which you can't with any degree of certainty say will happen. And between these 'low-ball' and maximum predictions of 10k up to 500k, one can more easily answer the question 'Should I put 1% of my money into this, if the low-ball is a 10x potential price increase, and the best case scenario is a few orders of magnitude?'. And I'd say generally the answer is yes, which is why I invested myself.
I agree the individual numbers are a bit silly and all of this is highly speculative and uncertain, but in terms of providing a case for investment, I think it makes a lot of sense. After all, I'd put $1k on a 5% chance of that turning in to $100k, and a 95% chance of getting $0 any day of the week for the rest of my life. The exact numbers are impossible to predict, but that's the sort of odds bitcoin seems to present. The story is huge upside potential for a product that actually has a decent shot of gaining traction. Making a small bet you can afford to lose is not a bad idea, and that's a decision that fits within the narrative of these huge and seemingly ridiculous numbers like $1m per coin hat I otherwise pay little attention to.
But yeah I completely share your general feeling. I tend to downvote this stuff most of the time.
@_date: 2016-06-28 11:16:19
This is a bit of a red herring. What 'KYC' lie is he talking about? Equating KYC with fascism is also pretty silly, and then he tops off by saying KYC keeps four billion people unbanked, who were unbanked for completely different reasons long before KYC regulation in a post 9/11 world.
@_date: 2016-06-18 19:26:36
Oh none, just via the internet as an observer like listening to this interview. She's been around for quite some time, was one of the first reporters for a substantial media organisation (Forbes) reporting on bitcoin consistently, iirc back in 2013.
@_date: 2016-06-24 08:29:35
Sad day, at least I'm a lil richer in the short term :-/
@_date: 2016-06-16 18:52:01
To be honest I'm having a hard time understanding why the price is increasing. I own bitcoin happily and of course don't mind the price increase, but since 2013 we've seen huge leaps in underlying infrastructure improvements and stable, reliable service providers, as well as mainstream acknowledgement and interesting research, yet the price did poorly and is still down from its high.
A steady rise since lows of 2014 would've made sense to me. A pump prior to a halving seems just that, a pump. Or a correction, I'm hoping for the second, but I don't see any indication of a totally new market demand that finally came to its senses.
So I'm just ignoring the ridiculously good gains.
@_date: 2016-06-18 06:44:25
Yeah really surprising, I remember her being active not since 2010 but at least since 2013, early 2014. And when I say active, I mean working in the bitcoin space as a job.
Pretty insane she hasn't picked up on some really basic fundamentals since then.
@_date: 2015-08-01 10:51:28
Cause if it had as much merit as you think it does, gold would have blown up. Look up what gold did though (biggest drop in years).
Of course it could happen but... a double dip could've happened everh month for the past half decade now and alternative media predicted it as often as that, and they all didn't come true.
I like my alternative media, specifically thinks like dem now! but there's a lot of looney people in financial alternative media. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 00:59:16
Ah yes I found what I was referring to, indeed you're right. The thing I was referring to was called the armory, a sister site that apparently shut down in 2012 due to lack of demand, not the SR, which apparently prohibited sales of weapons. Good call!
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:53:03
actually afaik that's not wrong... although iirc dpr later closed down the weapon sales section because it wasn't really popular.
anyway everyone knows all currencies are used to purchase exactly those things, if we had to count the dollars spent on cocaine or weapons... well let's just say it'd take a while
@_date: 2015-08-01 14:28:59
The moment say 60% of miners accept to have the block reward go from say 12.5 (assuming this hypothetical decision was made in a few years) to say 50 coins per block, those 4x as many coins are each going to be worth 1/100th times as much, as everyone who stepped into bitcoin for its decentralised, software-based, 21m cap, steps out.
I mean really the moment you get a ton of inflation going is the moment bitcoin stops being scarce, and stops being better than altcoins. And when the value drops, mining drops with it, and with that, security is gone, and with that any blockchain application becomes insecure and ceases to exist. 
Is wealth concentration a problem? I'm not sure. I mean obviously the answer is yes to some extent, but what is the alternative? Fiat currencies have wealth concentration issues, too. That's not a function of the currency, the currency just expresses inequalities. If you create inflation, it doesn't solve the fact that those with capital tend to have a higher return than those who rely purely on their labor, which is the reason wealth concentration, denominated in whichever currency you want, has gotten worse over time. 
But when we look at bitcoin I'm seeing concentration that's much lower than it used to be. TBI makes the point that bitcoin is being held in centralised funds, that may well be true but that's not ownership, that's simply storage. If I keep my car in your garage, you don't own my gar, it's simply stored there. So looking at companies like Coinbase and saying 'ooh wealth concentration' misses the point, because it's concentration of storage, not ownership. And it obviously misses the point insomuch that inflation does NOTHING to change that. You may be against centralised storage, too, but it has absolutely nothing to do with the notion of inflation. Yet TBI actually referred to these parties, like ones that store coins on behalf of shareholders. That's totally unrelated to inflation, why mention it?
Beyond that, bitcoin is still early days. I think we have to look at it like an IPO. Pre-IPO you have maybe a few tens of shareholders, post IPO you can have millions of individual owners. Once enough people are willing to purchase bitcoin, the concentration dilutes. After all, bitcoins can be openly traded by anyone, worldwide. The only limitation is the willingness of owners to sell, but again IPOs show that this willingness is very significant, and who are you to force someone to sell an asset, or to simply print some more and devalue his?
Beyond that, look at assets like gold and the absolutely ridiculous amount of wealth concentration there by countries and governments. 
Lastly it feels like a self-solving issue. If bitcoin fails because of wealth concentration, guess what people with concentrations of wealth will do before it completely fails? Sell it off. Guess what that does to the problem? Solve it. It's a similar incentive to 51% attacks: if the people with the power to solve it do not solve it, they lose, if they solve it, they win. This is one of those things I think in the long run can work itself out largely. 
@_date: 2015-08-01 22:51:09
lol bild... if you believed everything bild said you'd have the iq of a worm
@_date: 2015-07-13 11:03:29


Absolutely, it's both an asset and a payment network and you can look at both, but not in a single axis single chart. Just make a few separate charts, one which shows total value of the asset, another which shows total daily (e.g. 7 day average) volume, another which shows volume in transaction numbers, another which compares bitcoin/creditcard payment processor company valuations etc. There are lots of interesting comparisons to make, but you have to compare similar units.
i.e. we as human beings have a weight, and a height. But you can't make a single-axis chart of the 'height of lebron james', and then put in things like 'size of Michael Moore' in terms of weight, in that same chart for comparison, because they have different units, it makes no sense. You could make a chart with two axes and plot the relation of weight and height for different people, sure, but that's not what OP did.
For example:
Is an old coinometrics table with two different datapoints, volume in total amounts and volume in total transactions. That's clear and understandable, you know exactly what the unit is that's being measured. 
@_date: 2015-07-31 18:52:00
I reckon that should do it
@_date: 2015-07-17 23:10:54
Nah, it's a mistake by a particular employee.
I've bought at that very website, with that very bank (ING to Bitonic) multiple times over the last two years, never had a single problem. Bitonic is also known by all banks to be the main bitcoin company, and the word 'bitcoin' basically appears on all my transactions and they all went through in seconds. And that very bank has done various bitcoin related activities, from doing internal experiments to researching blockchain applications to participating in bitcoin meetups like one iirc last year where they had guys from ING, the former minister of finance of the Netherlands and some other top guys at a bitcoin-friendly meetup debating various points. 
In short this bank may not be your biggest friend, but it been relatively bitcoin friendly, and hasn't blocked bitcoin purchases based on policy for years. This was just a mistake. 
I've got friends who work at banks and one who works at a creditcard company, all in fraud / credit control departments (easy jobs to get nowadays to be honest), and I bet they haven't a clue about bitcoin AT ALL, and I bet most of them have some negative connotation to it, and I bet they'd flag it and then resort to some old ass blanket internal policy document from 2013 on 'virtual currencies' that their bank or cc doesn't support it, if they had to explain it, even though the bank has no problem with it and if pressed a little higher up the chain that all these transactions would be cleared just fine. It's just the way it goes, if you wire a few thousand to a company and you've got 0 history of making transactions above 500 in the past few years and have 0 history with that company, then the transaction will run by a human first and humans make mistakes.
@_date: 2015-07-14 12:34:58


Wasn't he saying switch currency, but stay in the union? i.e. not the euro but the union? Just like say the UK has its own currency, and is part of the union? 
There's also no provision to exclude or force out a state. In other words, the EU can't force Greece out. And so if Greece chooses its own currency, the EU cannot force it to leave the EU because of this. Greece could be politically driven out through blackmail using sanctions as a punishment for switching currency, but it'd require a ton of spindoctoring as sanctions are for states that e.g. trample on human rights, equality or democracy, none of which have anything to do with Greece choosing its own currency.
In short, while his plan may not have been the most realistic, nor necessarily the best for mostly Germany (as the ability to pay back loans using a rapidly devaluating drachma aren't great), it's not infeasible and if supported by the EU could have made Greece more competitive in its export/tourist markets and kept Greece in the EU.
@_date: 2015-07-12 22:43:30
You can compare bitcoin's volume to that of other payment networks like creditcards or paypal.
Or you can compare bitcoin's value as an asset to other assets, such as gold.
But you can't do both in the same charts. 
Even worse, you're comparing the total value of all bitcoins to company valuations, which is an apples/oranges comparison.
Really poor chart, sorry mate. The info is interesting but you need to represent things more clearly. 
@_date: 2015-07-24 21:05:57
lol, well let me know if he wants to make that a bet. This is ridiculous (and I'm in the club of 1 million).
@_date: 2016-02-25 20:06:42
Wow, that's pretty major and slightly disappointing, although not necessarily bad.
Why? Because it seems the momentum for bitcoin as a currency is completely dead. There were two big mainstream players pushing services that allowed one to use bitcoin as a mainstream currency, Bitpay imploded early last year. Yes it's still around, but what's the growth of merchants? I remember it scaled from 10k merchants to 60k in two years, but today (a year later) still states it's at 60k merchants. There's no growth, they laid off a substantial portion of their team and reversed, within a year, the 'free forever' pricing model. All signs of no growth. (when you grow rapidly, investors will give you money to burn while not being profitable. when you don't grow, you can't get new investment funds and need to actually generate revenues, and reintroduce a service cost like Bitpay did, while cutting costs like Bitpay did.)
The other big mainstream one was Coinbase. Always marketed itself as a consumer wallet (with an easy funding option) and a merchant payment processor... Now for the first time they're saying nah, we're first and foremost an exchange for (institutional) investors... a currency? No, it's an asset class in our view for now, that's where the market is. And they're not wrong and I don't blame them, they're following the demand. And the demand now clearly shows that the momentum for bitcoin as a currency is dead, and that it's mostly used as digital gold. That's still awesome and there's lots of interesting ways to use bitcoin to settle 'regular' financial transactions. But using bitcoin as a currency itself, rather than as infrastructure to move around value in other denominations (e.g. fiat to fiat in remittance), seems dead, and that's a shame. It may revive later, it's hard to build an industry with so few users. But seeing bitcoin as merely an investment isn't as appealing to me... and bitcoin merely as a settlement system, one which isn't anywhere as widely used or developed as using bitcoin for consumer purchases (which is small and sort of dead in and of itself) also doesn't seem to be taking off just yet.
Blockchain.info is still a wallet, Circle is still a somewhat bitcoin-centric wallet, Bitpay is still around, and people still use Coinbase as a wallet... but I feel this is definitely some kind of a landmark shift by the biggest (and most universal) bitcoin company in the world: a shift towards a market where bitcoin is an asset class first and foremost. Really significant in my opinion.
@_date: 2015-07-12 17:21:30
It's not so much the point of not being in a financial crisis, but keeping your capital in a safe haven from the effects of one.
One of the tricky things we're seeing now is that GDP growth isn't very fancy, it's very slowly picking up but in large parts e.g. in Europe (biggest economic powerhouse in the world, above the US and China) it's essentially flat, and where we do see 1% GDP growth, we also see 1% inflation rates. 
Now the scary thing is that we've run out of instruments to jumpstart the economy. Last time we had a financial crisis, at least we were able to pump hundreds of billions into the economy, and whip it back into action by reducing interest rates very sharply. But those instruments are exhausted. We're now at 0% or near 0% interest rates for most central banks, and at some point this will have to end, too.
So economists are definitely scared for a potential double dip because we're lacking real instruments to safeguard against them this time around. And when that happens, between haircuts on deposits or the risk of inflation, things like bitcoin or gold are interesting safe havens. 
Anyway I don't think any of this is really going to happen, in many ways we're a lot better off than a few years ago and every few months I heard 'unemployment dropping', 'another positive month for real estate demand', 'fewer companies going bankrupt this quarter', 'growth on the horizon for this year' etc etc. So I'm fairly optimistic, but the notion that *IF* there is an economic collapse that fiat money devalues or gets appropriated or both, and that bitcoin (and indeed non-bitcoin alternatives like gold) make a strong case as an investment safe haven, is completely true.
@_date: 2015-04-18 21:50:07
Will check this out later, this guy is really smart and very promising as he's got a solid entrepreneurial track record.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:58:34
Never heard of them. Seems they did a Changetip like thing on Twitter quite a while back, never really took off, and got replaced by Reddit-first (biggest popular-website community) Changetip product that later spread to FB, Youtube, Twitter etc.
Anyway, that's startup life. The adage is that 9 out of 10 startups fail. That's not really true, about 3 / 10 go bankrupt, another 3 are unsuccessful, 3 do alright and 1 (e.g. Coinbase) takes off. Considering easily over 200 companies have started the past few years (of which more than 160 VC funded), close to a hundred will shut down, and another hundred will not be very successful, as is expected in any industry.
Wish them the best for their next venture.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:41:41
Not necessarily. Bitcoin payments aren't inherently as traceable as a payment through a regulated banking system, and as gambling is a known money laundering outlet I can imagine why operators want to limit their risk.
At the end of the day it's trivial to put a bitcoin option behind a tiny, grey, 'show more' link. It allows bitcoin purchases for those looking for it, but does nothing to effect conversion rates for non-bitcoin users. Add the fact that Bitpay and Coinbase (for the first $1m) offer free payment processing, given those two things it's not likely that it gets removed once it's already been implemented.
Anyway we can speculate either way. Nobody knows. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 08:49:13


Fair enough, although I think the most intuitive to everyone would be that a small 'more options' link, something that wasn't tested, would not affect donations much. If it did, it may be offset by the more options (including, but not exclusively, a bitcoin payment option) to donate.


I didn't want to comment on it before but, what the hell made you so bitter? It's like you just had to eat shit for breakfast this morning and you're out to 'win' conversations. 
I mean just imagine having a conversation with a friend, or your parents. And the moment you say something to prove them wrong, you add 'commence countdown to your rejection of the evidence', you'd be known as the biggest asshole in the group. Anyway just letting you know how you come across.
I made an assertion that's sensible. You said 'False', not saying why. I ask you to show me. You don't link me, but give me instructions (Google doesn't give the same results to you as it does to me, you know?) and add the smug remark. Then finally link me and add another smug remark.
Anyway, it doesn't matter. Thanks for linking me, interesting post. 
Definitely a significant test for Mozilla. One may wonder multiple things. First, why do they have a bitcoin option still, did they find a page layout that didn't negatively affect donations? The argument they simply care for the 'ideological idea' of bitcoin is unlikely, seeing as the -7% test means well over $1m less in donations, that's not a price they'd be willing to pay. 
Secondly, one may wonder how other companies do it, Microsoft is a giant bitcoin-accepting company that wouldn't trade even 1% of their revenue for a bitcoin option, let alone 7% like Mozilla's test. The logical conclusion is that, while this particular test was very significantly negative (really, I have no problem saying that. I do A/B testing at work and it seems like a solid test), that doesn't extend to literally every single bitcoin accepting opportunity, nor is it likely that the 10 different billion-dollar companies all see revenues drop and don't care, or don't have the expertise to test these things, is it? 
Mozilla's test was negative (fact, not rejecting this evidence) but it doesn't mean a bitcoin payment option is. Just like a colder summer in one city doesn't refute climate change in the rest of the world. Would be happy to see more of such tests if you know of any. And nope, don't know of any data that shows positive change. Although I can point you to a lot of small &amp; big companies that implemented the payment option, including payment processors who test this payment widgets day &amp; night as a fundamental core part of their business, who not just have added bitcoin as an option but expressed satisfaction about the results, often extending it to other regional markets or subsidiaries after a limited test.
Anyway thanks again for the link. Upvoted you, I'd send you my changetip upvote moniker but I take it you're not a fan :)
@_date: 2015-04-17 09:24:32
This resonates so hard haha, all the way to almost failing the mid semesters. :) (although in all honesty, if it wasn't bitcoin, something else would've distracted me.)
1 upvotes
@_date: 2015-04-06 18:56:35
Nah it's not tht crazy. If you look into it a little, he's not saying that the blockchain can exist without bitcoin.
He's saying bitcoins can have value, without them being a currency. As tokens.
Look at who he works for. Bitreserve. Their product? They take your bitcoin, peg it to the euro or dollar or yen or gold etc. Then let you store that money without bitcoin's volatility, without calling it bitcoin, and make payments anywhere in the world.
In other words, people can have dollars, online, pay anyone in the world in dollars, whether they're in Malaysia or Kenya, instantly. And if you're in Zimbabwe or Brazil facing skyrocketing inflation, you can just opt to hold dollars, using bitcoin and Bitreserve.
Bitcoin goes away as a currency, and gets replaced by fiat currencies. But everything runs completely on top of bitcoin and the blockchain. And, investors still speculate and invest in bitcoin the token, giving it value and providing the derivatives products Bitreserve needs to lock in prices.
We don't need to convince merchants to adopt bitcoin, we only need to convince them to add another dollar/euro/whatever payment option through a bitcoin service API. As if they added Apple Pay or some new plastic card payment system, that pays in dollars. Only actually it's powered by bitcoin. 
Do I think that's the future of bitcoin? I'm leaning towards no. But to throw the idea out the window as just another talking head who says blockchain is awesome but bitcoin has no place, is incorrect.
@_date: 2015-04-26 22:59:09
It's not terrible, it's just them lying to skim some extra money.
Anyway, I'd rather have the option than not at all. But it's still not cool, there obviously is no 50c processing fee. And you ought to hold them accountable for it if you shop there. (send them a message)
1) Receiving bitcoin is free, there are zero fees associated with receiving money.
2) Selling bitcoin does not cost 10%. And payment processors like Bitpay will do it for free.
Making up costs is in fact illegal in many places because it's misleading to customers. If you want to earn $5.50, fine, price it as such and be upfront about it. Don't advertise $5, and then make up a lie about expensive processing fees at the checkout that don't really exist, to create an extra profit center.
Ticketmaster tried to do that. Guess what, they got hit with lawsuits and settled close to half a billion dollars with tens of millions of customers.
@_date: 2015-04-07 07:27:10
That's the thing, bitcoin needs value, yes, of course. But it doesn't need to be a currency. 
Is gold a currency? No.
Does it have value? Yes.
Does it have value as a store of value (i.e. outside of being used for industrial purposes)? Yes.
Bitcoin can be like that. It can power other currencies without people knowing it. That's what he means that he thinks 'bitcoin will go away'. Because his company is COMPLETELY built on bitcoin, and ONLY deals in bitcoin in-out, but it's not visible. On their platform you see dollars or euros or yen.
You may just consider it a point of semantics, whether bitcoin is a currency or a token that powers currencies. In any case, it's completely different from saying bitcoin will go away completely and the blockchain will stay like some silly people do. He's not one of them.
So you're misunderstanding, and the amount of upvotes that misunderstand, too, is saddening.
@_date: 2015-04-16 22:11:02
Interesting image:
14% of the budget is spent on interest. That's quite significant. Remember this is not 14% of money going to repaying a loan, like you might do on a mortgage. It's merely servicing the interest, while the loan actually becomes bigger, not smaller.
Second, a loan that keeps becoming bigger, and whose partial interest requires you to spend 14% of your income, may still be manageable, if your income grows.
But it appears that while the US is more powerful than ever (it is) it is also losing the race. Just look at an outdated graph like this:
The trend line holds pretty steady, and virtually all banks, think tanks, financial institutions, governments etc have predicted the likes of China, India and Latin America will overtake the US. 
This does not only affect the US income (which remains high because of its powerful position, the magnet like attraction of talent from around the world etc, which all shifts when a bigger economy with a bigger market, larger cultural influence etc arises), but it also affects the access to cheap capital, and the status of the dollar as a reserve currency. The consequence will be higher interest rates on capital, thus a bigger part of the budget going to debt, and a more difficult time acquiring new debt to service old debt (as the 14% of the budget obviously does not cover debt obligations, as the debt keeps growing every year).
So I agree with the OP, it's not sustainable. Of course we have to also factor in that this isn't going to happen tomorrow, we're talking about at least the latter half of this century when things really start to shift, if you ask me. But the trend is pretty clear for sure.
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:09:00
Well I wonder, who do you think is 'they'? I mean, I specifically wrote this post about Bitreserve, a company COMPLETELY built on top of the bitcoin. And this thread popped up just after these comments were made by a new Bitreserve employee. They have no idea about how bitcoin works?
Give me a break. Look, they may not be as visionary as an armchair anarchist, a big-betting VC fund or a crypto enthusiast like Andreas Antonopolous. I agree. They're a business, not economics philosophers. 
But they've built an entire business on top of the blockchain, they're one of the very few if not only companies that are 100% transparent about every single penny of user funds they have, stored on the blockchain, through some clever innovations and a radical notion of voluntary complete transparency that you can check on their website and get from their API. The notion they're 'just ignorant' about bitcoin is a huge claim that hasn't been justified.
Sure, if you're talking about a journalist at the WSJ that copy/pastes some silly comments, fine I agree. There's a lot of ignorance out there. I agree with you 100%
But this thread (and all the other ones) that's been on the front page the past day wasn't in response to that, but in response to the ex-CIO of Nike, now at Bitreserve, making comments on how they think bitcoin as a currency will fade away while bitcoins as the tokens that act as a store of value and power oil, gold, commodities, currencies etc, will thrive (which their entire business is based on). You may disagree with their vision, but you can't dismiss it with a silly analogy that completely misunderstands their point.
@_date: 2015-04-07 07:34:51
Yup, in a way. That's a good analogy.
I think for people who dismiss the 'bitcoin will go away' thing so quickly... look at gold. It's a store of value, without being a currency. Imagine you could transport gold instantly across the world in any quantity, and store it without effort? It would STILL be really difficult to get everyone to use gold, price their products in gold, face gold's price swings etc.
But now imagine you could do all that, only instead of gold, you were actually able to send and receive your own national currency, say dollars, powered by this new gold network. It's still instant, no effort to store it. But you wouldn't have to learn how to use a new currency, you can price things in the dollar currency you're familiar with, and face no volatility of the dollar other than the CPI effectively.
That'd be great. And bitcoin can be that network (the packaging, or tunnel, as you say) instead because gold obviously isn't. And it can power fiat currencies. That's what Bitreserve proposes, and bitcoin as a currency will go away, while bitcoins as tokens representing value, expressed in fiat money to consumers and investors, will stay.
I don't know if Bitreserve is correct in this. I think they may not be. But they're not the kind of stupid talking heads that say 'blockchain is great, but bitcoin? Who needs that' that they're made out to be in this thread.
@_date: 2015-04-16 21:47:44
Show me?
@_date: 2015-04-07 14:59:24
It may be a good currency, but it's not trivial to move people on to alternative currencies, that's the point of Bitreserve: bitcoin may be a fine currency, but it doesn't mean everyone will suddenly switch to it. Just like the metric system generally being a superior way of measurement, but the US refuses to switch to it, and if I lived in the US I wouldn't want to switch either. Path dependency, education, culture, they're all powerful things and difficult to change.
All my friends and family here use the euro, they have absolutely no interest in using gold for payments even if you could divide them to any fraction and send it around instantly. With huge government and business investments, sure, the euro did that, but nothing like that is going to happen with bitcoin because governments like the ability to have monetary policy (which bitcoin handles through software by consensus).
In other words, Bitreserve's idea is for bitcoin to go away as a currency because it's really, really hard to get people to switch currencies. (the amount of bitcoin use shows this. I love bitcoin, own bitcoin, use it, but I can also acknowledge that bitcoin usage as a currency is very tiny). Bitreserve then expects bitcoins as tokens to exist for finance professionals and a minority of individuals to trade in, and these tokens and the blockchain can power a value network that anyone can use. Only users of this network would trade in dollars or euros or gold, on the blockchain network, using bitcoins as tokens (that have a store of value).
In essence it's mostly semantics. You can call bitcoin tokens that are a store of value, and power value transmission, a currency. But as that value is expressed in fiat, and as most people are afraid or uninterested in using bitcoin as a currency, Bitreserve says 'bitcoin as a currency goes away' and lets you use the dollars you're familiar with, without knowing you're actually using bitcoins.


In other words, your sarcastic post completely misunderstands his point, I hope you see that. Bitcoins as tokens have value, similar to gold, they are the reward for miners, the tokens investors speculate with, and the tokens that carry the 'actual' currencies everyone knows and is familiar with: fiat. This is in no way incompatible with rewarding miners. That's Bitreserve's vision for the near future. I'm thinking bitcoin will be used as a currency myself to some extent unlike Bitreserve, but that doesn't mean that Bitreserve's expectation for the future is silly, far fetched or to be mocked for its stupidity because it's not that crazy.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:34:54
The media landscape needs much more of Amy Goodman and co. 1 upvotes
@_date: 2015-04-16 22:26:43
Normally when you assert something, you provide some evidence to the claim.
In any case I humoured you and couldn't find anything interesting. Just link me already I'm happy to check it out.
@_date: 2015-04-16 21:48:20
That's a very kind thing to say :)
@_date: 2015-04-17 10:27:06
1 upvotes
Happy birthday :)
@_date: 2015-04-10 11:57:42
As a business owner I have a bit of a sense of profits. It varies hugely between industries of course, but retail rarely beats 5% profit margins, grocery stores for example sit around 2.5%. If you own a grocery store, that 2.5% profit is your 'salary' as an entrepreneur. So $675 out of $14k charged back is about 5%, twice your profit.
So just imagine that your monthly salary is say $3k, and you need it to pay for your rent, food, insurance etc. And suddenly, despite you having done your work, your employer charges back 2x your salary that month, $6000. 
Now imagine it can come out of the blue completely. And there is often little recourse. You could opt to fight it, but there are automatic costs involved, and you often have to fight many small chargebacks that together amount to a large amount, meaning many separate cases, legal fees etc. 
Oh and, this of course is JUST the charge back fees. On top of your regular 3% processing fees, of course, again double your profit rate in various industries. And it's not just credit cards either, it's Paypal, Stripe, Square, virtually any payment processor. For example I get paid by international clients, paypal first charges about 3%, and then does the shittiest conversion at 'Paypal conversion rates' that make a bitcoin exchange, hell a bitcoin ATM, seem like a charity, on top. 
I mean don't get me wrong, 'modern' payment systems like CC or Paypal are still super interesting to merchants, but only because so many customers use them and because they're desperate for sales. 
Which is why I don't really get why merchants don't auto-turn-on bitcoin discounts of at least 1%. There's various communication / marketing / legal issues with it. But moving a bigger share of their transactions to bitcoin is a win-win for merchants that already accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:48:08
True. 
Although as a small time user, I'd rather support other bitcoin companies and the ecosystem, manage my money digitally and online, e.g. through Coinapult Locks or Bitreserve, than to just dump bitcoin and hold &amp; manage fiat in ol' big corp banks.
I'm glad I have my big corp bank, I use it and enjoy it, besides bitcoin. But if I were to run a digital currency company, I'd be much more prone to support a bitcoin ecosystem.
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:20:14
I agree, if bitcoin works well as a system of tokens powering other things, like say the transmission of dollar-expressed values, then it could indeed move to become a currency after that. But that's a really long-term view that doesn't happen overnight. A bit like how we've had digital files for more than twice as long as I've been alive, yet my home is still full of physical books, mail, articles etc. Technology moves extremely fast, but culture can sometimes persist for much longer. I mean hell, most transactions in modern economies are still using cash, despite cards being generally faster, easier and more secure for decades. I think people here who are bitcoin enthusiasts seem to underestimate how disinterested people are in using currencies they didn't grow up with, or aren't familiar with, in which product prices aren't expressed, that only exist in a digital form. I think it's quite sensible to expect bitcoin to work as a token first for powering value transmission of things we're already familiar with. If and when, inevitably, people get more accustomed to the idea of digital money, and bitcoin scales, becomes less volatile etc, then it's entirely conceivable that it'll also be used as a currency directly but that'd be a long game. At least according to this whole way of thinking. I generally lean towards small, slow but continual growing use of bitcoin as a currency, with some big leaps - especially if a currency, say the Euro, gets into trouble or another bubble pops and a crisis emerges, as happens every 15 years or so - as being the most likely future.
@_date: 2015-04-15 18:34:31
Is it? Mollie's been known since last year to have implemented a bitcoin payment system, took them like a weekend apparently to build it. They launched with a few merchants, allowed it for thousands of them, and there was talk of making it opt-out for new signups (i.e. by default on) but I don't know how that stands today.
Back then it was definitely cool news, Mollie's a pretty big player.
Anyway, cool stuff, now all we need is for insurance not to give shitty pricing. Last time I dropped my iPhone I paid 50 euros. Guess what, for 60 euros a year, you can insurance your phone from such damage. Note however that you have an 'own-risk' policy of 50 euros, meaning you always pay the first 50. Of course that's on top the 12.50 starting fees.
I don't really get insurance for products like these. Unless it's a life &amp; death product, a rare event that can wreck your life, insurance is silly. The fact that insurance exists, means, on average, you pay an insurer more than it costs them repay you, plus their profits and operating costs. You're far better off saving the money (without even considering the obvious return on investment you'd get on your money).
The exception is e.g. when you need a life saving operation that costs $100k and you don't have it. I have and love having medical insurance, despite having paid over 10k and not having visited a hospital. I fully appreciate that. But iPhone 6 insurance? If money is tight and you need a smartphone for work, well my dad has an 8 euro a month Moto E 2nd gen that's completely fine. But buying an iPhone 6 is a luxury product, damaging or losing it is something you can easily cover with your own money (unless you can't afford luxury products and shouldn't get them in the first place). So insuring that, instead of putting an equivalent amount of money in a separate account, makes little financial sense. Same with tablets and e-readers that they insure. 
Anyway, just my 2 cents.
@_date: 2015-09-22 15:47:20
@_date: 2015-09-22 17:20:55
Again, most people aren't investors and would happily use digital money without simultaneously trying to run some investment scheme, too.
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:29:11
This. It's obvious there has been a ton of interest from SV, still to this day. But would you invest in Coinbase or Buttercoin if you were an investor? I think it's clear that they tried to compete with a giant in a still nascent ecosystem. You can do that if you're scrappy, from a garage, with new ideas. But they built a decently sized team, depending on outside money, with few original ideas.
If you want to do that, at least your execution must be the best in the game. But that, too, goes to Coinbase. They push out products very rapidly and have a crazy execution plan. If you compare their blogs, Coinbase will have major changes (e.g. an exchange, launch in Europe, an app, an API, a multi-sig vault) etc launch every 1-2 months, with minor changes happening even more often.
In other words I think they had an enormous challenge and did very well, and it wasn't enough. Sadly the bitcoin market just doesn't need that many exchanges in any one country at the moment. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 11:46:58
The bigger point is that bitcoin doesn't use any encryption, making blockchain encryption a ridiculous statement, it uses cryptography. It's like saying tennis ball when talking about basket ball, because the words are kinda similar. For a 'reputable' journalism business, it's quite sad really.
@_date: 2015-04-30 17:12:58
Well I'm glad I have 1 in a million of one of those 6 currencies, because getting it in any of the other one was too damn expensive.
@_date: 2015-04-01 02:35:21
Thought that was an excellent commercial actually. Very professional. You might not like the theme but it was very well done.
@_date: 2015-09-22 09:21:16
It's different in that Circle is based on the blockchain, Paypal is not. The fact they focus their ad on what people are familiar with doesn't change that, and it's in line with what many have been saying for years, e.g. Andreas Antonopolous: in the end most people will use bitcoin without knowing about it.
@_date: 2015-04-07 07:41:02
It's hilarious people upvote this shit.
Look into Bitreserve, they're completely built on bitcoin.
What is he saying? He's saying that bitcoin as tokens will remain, powering other currencies.
It's just like gold. It's not a currency, yet it has value. If it could be mined, guess what, people will pay to mine, because it has value as a store of value, without being a currency.
GUESS WHAT. THEY DO MINE GOLD, AT A COST.
I'm not saying I agree with this guy from Bitreserve, but the notion that bitcoin stops being a currency and continues as a token, a store of value, that powers the trade of other currencies and commodities like oil or coffee, isn't so silly. The incentive to mine is still there, just like with gold despite it not being a currency. I'm not sure it'll go down that way, I like bitcoin as a currency, but it just might and it wouldn't be far fetched either.
@_date: 2015-04-07 07:51:15
Circlejerk. I love this community but we have 3-4 threads on Bitreserve's comments now. And we've had probably over a hundred threads with titles like this. Fine, it's circlejerk, I can live with it if it was completely correct. But it's not, it's a red herring.
Fact is, most people who love the blockchain but not bitcoin do not mean to say they think bitcoin will literally go away. That would be dumb, as then it's little more than a MySQL database without security.
They think the blockchain can thrive without bitcoin being used as a CURRENCY. Bitcoins still need to be there, as a token, as a store of value, but they're traded by investors who offer the derivatives that let consumers trade and store anything of value on the blockchain, whether it's coffee or oil or dollars. Bitcoins will still have value as a token, as a store of value, and therefore will be mined.
That may remind you of gold. It's got value, it's a store of value, you can make money by mining despite there being a cost to it, and it is indeed mined. Yet it's not a currency.
Will it go down that way, who knows. But when people say they like the blockchain but don't like bitcoin, they actually say they like the blockchain and bitcoin tokens powering it, but don't see the idea of bitcoin being used as a daily currency by everyone as likely. Instead they may expect bitcoin tokens and the blockchain to power fiat currencies online better than banks or swift or paypal ever could. And you may find you agree with that. In fact it's not all that different from what Andreas Antonopolous has said, who doesn't necessarily think that we'll all be using bitcoins to buy coffee, but does think we'll use bitcoin or other blockchains to buy coffee or anything else. Or you disagree, completely fine. But dismissing it as dumb with an analogy like that is myopic.
@_date: 2015-09-22 11:00:44
That Circle is still a company which holds its money in bitcoin, accepts deposits and withdrawals in bitcoin, which are transactions that happen on the blockchain, allows payment in bitcoin to bitcoin-accepting companies, which are transactions that happen on the blockchain, and allows transfers of money between bitcoin users which happens on the blockchain. Now they have a Circle user to Circle user transfer, too, and we don't know if *that* particular feature happens on the blockchain, too, but regardless the overal company uses the blockchain for its operation. Coinbase for example has always maintained that it tries (except for the smallest transactions) to always use transactions on the blockchain even when Coinbase to Coinbase transactions are concerned, whether Circle will do this, too, I don't know, but we know that their other transactions occur on the blockchain. 
Paypal has absolutely none of this. They have nothing on the blockchain and make no transactions on the blockchain, nor do they let you hold, send or receive bitcoin.
In short this is a bit similar to Coinbase adding USD wallets. Again, it's a step in line with what many people have said all along, bitcoin will probably not be used as a currency, but rather as a protocol for money/value that you can denominate in any way you want using bitcoin as the tokens. All these companies interface with each other using the bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2015-04-17 09:22:24
Seems very sensible.
Spending money on a node is completely fine, there is 0 promised or implied ROI. If you do it, it's like donating. If you want information on how to donate, people will generally help you, because they know you chose to donate.
But if you want to mine, people know you want to do it to make money. And getting an ROI in mining is next to impossible for a beginner without capital or connections or some angle (e.g. a geographical advantage). It's not easy. You're competing with people who have literally have factory capacity and in-house R&amp;D to design, and also manufacture at cost-price, their own specialised ASICs. Competing with people who don't pay 15c a KwH, but get very cheap green energy in Iceland, or cheap coal-generated electricity in China, somewhere in a rural area where ventures get massive energy, tax &amp; land discounts or waivers just to attract some business.
Mining is like paying $5, for 1 ticket to win $100. Only you're competing with people who can pay $0.50 to produce their own tickets. Unless you have in-house R&amp;D, factory-access, or capital to buy into such a group. Consumer mining is really tricky. And with the big price drop, even many specialised mining companies have gone bankrupt.
So it's no surprise to me that everyone says to a 25 year old who has never tried bitcoin, doesn't understand how it works, and just wants to mine: 'Dude, just don't try mining. Read more about it here and here, and this is why. But I wouldn't suggest getting in to it'.
Especially when purchasing bitcoin with a high degree of privacy isn't the hardest thing in the world, beyond being a very rare reason for beginning miners to actually want to mine. Often they're in it for the ROI, which probably has been negative for the vast majority of individual 'home' miners for at least the past 12 months, probably more. I mean hell, with all the mining scams (both equipment, as well as cloud mining being totally fucked), I wouldn't even know where to send a person interested in mining, and I've been around in the community a few years now.
Seems to me if you want to get exposed to the price of bitcoin as an investment, or want it for privacy, mining isn't the way to go.
As for people interested in how mining works, they always get an explanation.
@_date: 2015-09-22 14:04:28
This is obviously quite silly, but someone will be the first to do it, or try it at least, if not a company like Coinbase then a patent troll. Do we want it to be a shitty patent troll, or a company which has shown to understand that the only way bitcoin will ever become big or move forward is for there to be many successful companies in the space? i.e. it leads me to believe Coinbase is more interested in protecting itself than using it to create a walled-garden of bitcoin tech you can only use with their permission (although this could change in the future).
The best outcome obviously is for the patent office to simply say 'nah man you can't patent this', protecting everyone's ability to use all of these ubiquitous concepts in bitcoin. But if they do allow the patent, then I'd rather see a solid bitcoin company own them than a patent-troll who just wants to squeeze the market players. The patent system sucks like that and I don't think it's a strange move by Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-04-17 17:11:40


That's simply not true. In fact it ONLY matters. If 99% of hashing power is in the hands of 1 person, and the remaining 1% is the sum of millions of individual miners, it's virtually no different from just him mining on his own.
I agree with you that a distributed network is important, but you can't influence today's network using your home computer which will get you, if you max out your GPU 24/7, about 100 MH/S. 
If you run 1.000 of such computers in your home, you'll net, no joke, 24 cents. And at about 50 watts or so, that's 1200 KwH, about $200 in electricity costs, every day.
Now I appreciate you're not talking about ROI here. But let's face it, if you run 1 million of such computers you make $240. Meanwhile, the rest of the miner rewards are $800k per day.
So to conclude, if you have 1 million people running mining software on their home computer, blowing out their GPU in a few months, for a total electricity bill of $200k every day, you can generate $240 of bitcoin, or 0.03% of all bitcoins created. And as the one who hashes the block gets to decide what goes in to the block, and gets rewarded, that means if you receive 0.03% of the mining rewards, that this is the influence of 1 million home computers on the 'distribution' of power. Near zero, statistically insignificant, and at huge cost.
I say home computer because a bitcoin node can run on it. Only it's much cheaper because it barely costs any energy. In fact, you can just run one on a cheap computer, or even in the cloud for about $100 a year. So for $6000 you can run 1% of all nodes. You don't need to do anything, buy anything or have any expertise. There are videos showing how you can set up your own node in minutes in the cloud at cheap rates.
Meanwhile, for $240k you can purchase 0.03% of all mining power.
That's why your statement: "It doesn't matter how insignificant that hash power is" just isn't true. But spending a comparatively insignificant amount of money on running a node can actually help.
Now again don't get me wrong, I agree that distribution of mining is important. But the quantity of miners is NOT the problem (it adjusts to the miner rewards). The issue lies in the distribution, and so we need to convince miners to remain distributed. Adding more charitable miners is not really a sustainable solution in my opinion.
Even buying professional equipment, like an S5, nets you losses of a few hundred bucks after a year of mining (if you can run it 24/7 perfectly). Even if you spend $1 million on thousands of such devices, you cannot even mine 10% of all blocks, while costing hundreds of thousands of dollars in electricity and netting significant losses. 
Now you may still say 'so what, I'm willing to spend millions to buy a device that in not so long from now will be useless when it gets replaced with a more efficient miner forcing me to spend millions again, and I don't care that when I do have these devices they burn money all the time and burn useless energy, even when the effect on distribution is tiny, because it's charitable anyway, ROI is a non-issue and a little bit helps'.
Then sure, anyone can do what they want to. (although I hope you also see why people aren't eager to encourage it. We get enough bitching about how we're all bitcoin fanatics as it is. Not encouraging newbies to mine at their own financial expense while providing barely anything to distribution seems like a sensible thing to do).
But again, anyone can do what they want. But then at least consider an alternative: a much better route then would be to create your own subsidised mining pool. Miners flock to it because you pay extra out of your own pocket, even a tiny bit (say 2-3%) can convince them, meaning you get mining in your pool at a far cheaper rate. Plus, you don't compete with miners, driving the profit down (and thereby any independent miners that want to enter the game for ROI which would further help your cause). Plus you get mining power that would've already been spent, but under your pool, meaning you can keep the pool honest while not spending more mining power, which is environmentally better. And lastly you don't just add mining power, but you take it away from other larger profit-first pools with your charitable subsidies, meaning the competition from monopolistic pools becomes smaller, too. 
@_date: 2015-04-01 02:33:52
Their burn rate was probably based on Mid 2013 to late 2014. They got tens of millions in 2014 and basically tripled their employee size, opened a European HQ etc.
I figure that seeing as Bitpay's been around since 2011, they were seeing massive growth all the way into 2014 and doubled down when they got large funding and started to see billion-dollar retailers jump into the bitcoin game, and Coinbase take off.
But that seems to be premature. Can imagine they're looking to cut their burn-rate a bit and not bleed too much cash until the next hype cycle (inevitable once we get a miner halving in a year, bigger presence of bitcoin on existing exchanges like with an ETF etc). 
Bitcoin like many things has the chicken/egg problem. No merchants, no users. No users, no merchants. I think Bitpay saw large growth, VC interest, media interest etc. And they got lots of funding. I think they wanted to solve the chicken part by moving to a 0% fee Saas model, pushing some marketing and onboard all the merchants in the hope the users would soon follow. But with Mt. Gox and China etc, that uptick was delayed to late 2015, 2016. We'll have to see how it goes.
I think Coinbase is in a much better position. They essentially have the size of Bitpay in terms of employees, but have much broader product &amp; revenue streams (and funding) with their wallet and exchanges.
Not really surprised about this though... the Bitpay bowl looked like a ridiculous idea, but that's just me. It was awesome, don't get me wrong. But business-wise? Too soon. They spent what, $500k to market an event with 25k attendees? Barely had any place in and around the stadium to spend bitcoin. They paid $20 per attendee. And their market isn't even consumers, but businesses. You can reach a lot more people and businesses with $500k. Hell sending out 10 sales people for an entire year, door to door, business to business, every single day in various cities, would have had far more impact and drove more business. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 13:25:39
Oh wow... wouldn't be surprised if SEPA (to Fidor's German bank, who internally account with the UK bank) to the UK will get a lot faster and cheaper, including for bitcoin companies like Coinbase who just launched in the UK. Cool stuff.
@_date: 2015-04-07 07:42:26
Gold is a store of value, it's not a currency, it's got value, there is an incentive to mine it, it's mined.
Bitcoin can be a token, a store of value, not a currency, have value, there is an incentive to mine it, it's mined.
It's not that hard. Do I agree with it? Not necessarily no. 
But people act like it's the dumbest idea in the world because without currency something can't have value and therefore will never be mined, and that's incredibly myopic.
@_date: 2015-09-24 19:43:37
Dumb ass article. Duncan, please let us know your solution to patent trolls. Oh you have none? Well great then shut up and don't accuse companies of being 'pure evil', it's incredibly naive. 
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:24:55
One of the issues that Circle had is that bitcoin changed value every second. So if you have a wallet, it'd say
0.352 bitcoin
$82 (or whatever)
and then a second later it'd say
0.352 bitcoin
$81.89 dollar
And that changes every second.
That's not a good user experience. It's fine for those who use bitcoin, but the vast majority of people don't care for bitcoin and just care for the functionality that digital money can offer. Circle even had a recent blog post about this confusion among their users.
This means they can simply have a USD wallet of $80 that doesn't change. Want to send money to Overstock to buy some sheets, or thuisbezorgd to order some pizza like I did last week, you simply make a transaction and Circle sends them the money in bitcoin. Bitcoin is now the money transfer protocol between companies, as opposed to various banks, but users don't have to think about bitcoin. As I mentioned in another post, it's in line with what a lot of people have been expecting for a long time.  e.g. 
The fear is that Circle will use its internal ledger, instead of blockchain as a ledger, to record payments and transfer money and that this means it's not a bitcoin company anymore. Circle using an internal ledger may well be true for Circle users (although e.g. Coinbase has maintained that it tries to keep as many transactions on the blockchain as possible, including transactions between Coinbase accounts like a CB user to a CB merchant, so this is not necessarily the default position for companies), but as Circle is just one of many bitcoin companies, it'll continue to run all of these non-internal transactions (e.g. the one I referenced above, Circle user paying Overstock or Newegg) on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-09-22 12:17:22
Wow, pivot indeed. That's really telling. They're really pushing for the Bitreserve model now.
@_date: 2015-11-01 22:43:06


Gimme a break... VPRO's basically works full-time on pushing out anti-banking system documentaries so much it's getting a bit pathetic even though I agree with much of the content haha. (typical circlejerk programming really) 
Beyond that, I do agree they probably chose him as the main speaker because he's so outspoken which is annoying. There's a ton of smart folks here in the Netherlands who are covering the space that they could've interviewed. Why not the guys behind Bitonic or Safello, or visit the Bitpay European HQ in Amsterdam, or talk to van Zuindam or de Meester etc etc.
edit: 'bout halfway through and it ain't that bad. The start was cringeworthy of course, fuuukin Keiser with his rant about financial terrorists and jihadi economics, I like the guy and he'd be interesting to interview I guess by correspondence where he can expound on a viewpoint calmly and you can ask followup questions to make things clear for readers, but like this he just looks like a lunatic. I think Roger did a good job but I'm totally not on his side of the political spectrum, I'm glad he's around but I'd have liked more mainstream perspectives, too. There's a lot of people that like bitcoin and have no interest in subversion, have no personal beef with the government like he does. Even so, he made some very interesting points in a sensible way I think may resonate. Like separating money and state like church and state, the notion that 'getting into bitcoin' is too late is like saying 'getting into the internet' is too late. I liked the humanisation of Ver, interviewing him as he's practicing Judo.
The journalist was horrible, look at her Financial Times history. She's written, literally, dozens and dozens of anti-bitcoin articles. I wouldn't be surprised if she was a buttcoin member haha. I give her props for covering it so early, but she had one perspective and stuck with it. Back in early 2013 she was calling bitcoins 'bitcult units', mocking them for increasing in value.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:01:15
I think if you go back a few years and check the forums you'll see similar post as your own :) The volatility will return and the price may indeed skyrocket, just as like $100 was once inconceivable. Remember when the price peeked at $30 and then dropped all the way down to $2 many months later. I bet you you'll find people saying around that time that bitcoin won't skyrocket again or be volatile. 
It'd be quite unlikely that this is the last hype cycle, that a few million users is all that will ever use bitcoin, that half a billion in VC funding can't generate any more growth as we have today, and that no big news or breakthroughs or whales will exist in the future.
@_date: 2015-03-09 17:31:25
A retailer buys for $90, sells for $100, he has $3 in CC fees. He keeps $7. Retailers that sell food operate on a little over a 1% profit margin, so of the $7 he has $6 of other costs.
Now imagine that he and all of competitor retailers have 1% in chargeback fraud costs. If they want to keep their 1% profit margin, as they all do, he'll have no other option but to increase their price by 1%.
So the customer now pays 1% extra. So when the CC company says 'you're insured if your card gets stolen', they actually mean 'you're paying the costs of theft, whether it was your card or someone else's, hell even if you don't have a card, through in-store prices'. That is, on top of the $50 of liability you have one way or another even if HomeDepot got fucked and you couldn't do anything about it. Customers always pay.
Great system. This goes for all other fees that the retailer has for payment processing, too, like the 3% fees, customers pay, too, it's just hidden. 
So now that we know customers are paying for all processing and theft (which is obvious, of course), let's design a system where you have billions of plastic cards with their password written on them. Hugely insecure design which has generated many billions in fraud and affects millions of people. It's like cars came without locks, and we all pay for the cost of theft through increased insurance premiums for all, it's crazy.
Then consider that 30-50% of chargeback fraud is 'friendly', i.e. not a stolen card but people scamming retailers with their own card, and consider again that this means that the retailer loses money and must increase prices for the rest, or litigate (which often costs them more than winning is worth) and generally increase prices to make up for those costs, and it becomes a bit of a perverse system.
Not saying it's the worst system in the world, I happily own a credit card. Just saying there are genuine flaws with credit cards that Apple Pay either won't solve at all, or won't solve for many years to come.
As for the SOL comment, I'll ignore it. It's just silly. We can't hold people accountable for all the bad things others do unto them. This applies much broader to topics beyond theft, like rape. (SOL, shouldn't have invited that guy in, shoulda known he was a rapist!). Victim blaming is the worst way of going about approaching difficult issues.
@_date: 2015-10-23 16:00:20


What does that have to do with anything? Again, the EU is one regulatory zone, and it just (for all its member countries) ruled on bitcoin. And that entire zone is the biggest economic zone in the world and is (unlike your contention) likely to remain the largest in 2015 and the coming years, larger indeed than the US, regardless of whether some of its members grow or shrink. 
Anyway you were down voted not because of national pride but because you made a weird and wrongful comparison. I said the EU is the largest economy and it is, and instead of comparing the EU to other economic zones to test this, you compared individual countries which I didn't talk about. All the individual countries combined for whom this new ruling on bitcoin applies, added up, entail a bigger economy than any other, those are the facts and that's why you're voted down. 
Ironically it seems that you're driven by national pride, not just driven but blinded. If you look at the links I gave you, Germany has economic growth in 2015, so does France.
What's the difference between my numbers and yours? Well see that line starting above the 2013 in your link? It says estimate. This 'article' is years old, perhaps from 2012 or 2013 with estimates on 2013, 2014 and 2015. These estimates have been proven wrong and we know the real data now. You can throw your article in the trash.
@_date: 2015-03-29 03:13:33
Uhh... because just like everything else that's not 100% of the market?
Why doesn't everyone shop at Walmart? Say it's 5% of shopping, why not 10% or 100%?
Because not 10% or 100% may like the aspects of shopping at wallmart. Maybe the quality is crap. Maybe they want unique products. Maybe they don't want to shop in a warehouse but support a local mom &amp; pop shop. Maybe they want to buy fair trade. etc etc.
Bitcoin isn't better than everything else in every single respect. It fills a particular niche. That niche may be huge, 50% of the population. The author posits that it's a small niche that ends up covering 1% of economic usage. Of course that's an arbitrary number, the point is that he thinks the niche is small and that bitcoin will stay small because a small amount of people appreciate and desire bitcoin's particular niche, and the majority doesn't care about it. That niche may be more privacy, more autonomy and a less politicized financial infrastructure. That's not something everyone cares about.
So I hope you can see the rationale for 'it'll be successful, but only a little bit'. The easiest way to think of it is to look at it as if it is fashion. People use bitcoin because they prefer it over something else for its characteristics. Just like people prefer a certain type of clothing or food or music over something else. That doesn't mean it can't be successful or meaningful. Look at Apple, it's market share is less than a quarter of that of Android, but it's incredibly successful and meaningful and powerful and valuable in this world, despite catering to a small minority of the world population. If bitcoin can do 1% of all global economic activity then that'd be absolutely gigantic, and many orders of magnitude more important and valuable than today. Similarly to how wikileaks may publish less than 0.0001% of all articles and data, but it's incredibly meaningful and powerful.
@_date: 2015-03-11 14:03:30
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:44:33
Above $25k or so. And with that you have no other taxes that you'd normally pay. It sucks if you have no income on your holdings like bitcoin in 2014. But when bitcoin went from $1 to $1k, in many countries you'd have to pay $100 or $200 or so per coin you held, in the Netherlands it was only $10 or so.
In short it's not an equitable system: you get more ROI than the average: you pay less taxes than you would in other countries. You get less (or no, or negative) ROI than the average: you pay more taxes than you normally would in other countries.
The big benefit is that it's extremely easy to account for. The IRS doesn't have to check the veracity of every ROI statement. They can simply look at the money and tax one amount based on the average ROI.
In short it's crap and easy. I expect a new system to roll out the next 10-20 years.
@_date: 2015-03-10 15:22:53
Thanks for elaborating! 1 upvote.
Sorry for misconstruing your SOL point.
I recently did read some articles about a retailer fending off fraud. Things like if it's from out of the country, that's a big flag. They always check the address if it's a PO box, another big flag. If they request to get it shipped today or within 1 day, as normal as it may sound, that's a flag, as usually they want to make multiple orders and have it all get processed before the owner reports fraud and the card gets shut down. Very large orders from people who hadn't placed an order before, another flag, especially if they're low-volume (e.g. just 1 or 2 items) of an extremely high priced item. Different shipping from payment address is a flag (especially if they're in entirely different cities let alone countries).
Combining these flags in an automated process, together with cross-referencing it with historical data gives pretty nice protection. But that's simply either not feasible technologically for small retailers, or they're so small you usually have no data to cross-reference with. And it's true, the retailer is 'responsible', and so there's no gigantic incentive for the payment processors to completely take on this flagging process although they do in part.
Doesn't protect you from friendly chargebacks, either. Those are just the worst. Fortunately we're now seeing more tools and partnerships with shipping services to make it very easy to prove delivery.
@_date: 2015-11-02 02:01:52
I disagree. Take a Marc Andreessen for example, totally different perspective on bitcoin than Ver, very different politics, yet he's a big fan, invested tens of millions in the space and promoted bitcoin on many occasions. His perspective, just like Ver's, is valid and valuable. Ver represents one side, Marc represents another, and they both resonate with different people. Right now it's a bit too much Max Keiser, and too little nuance. On both sides by the way, they interviewed a person who called bitcoins 'bitcult units', and interviewed a person who thinks the current financial system is one big terrorist organisation, they covered both extremes but were a bit light on the middleground.
I meant mainstream bitcoiner perspectives, by the way, e.g. Marc that I referenced above. I didn't mean with 'mainstream' to let the incumbents (banks, governments, economists etc) do their talk on 'this is how it works traditionally, it's fine, I don't get bitcoin and think it's bad because xyz reasons that show I don't get it'.
@_date: 2015-03-08 13:38:33
That's what you get when you have billions of 'wallets' (creditcards) in the form of plastic cards with the password written on it.
Someone's going to see the password and use it. Which is why creditcard fraud costs tens of billions in losses.
Apple Pay does nothing to change that.
@_date: 2015-03-08 16:33:00
I'm not making the claim, you are... but I have to go and search for proof of your claim which I'm disputing, while you don't back it up? Give me a break.
Alright, fine. 14 million bitcoins exist, 8 people sharing 1/3rd means they own 580k bitcoins on average.
I know of this silly and inaccurate thread:
Which is completely without any decent sources, tons of speculation and assumption, and even that doesn't get to 580k even if you include Satoshi, and even if partially true is highly outdated.
By the way I'm not saying the early adopters don't own a massive chunk, indeed there's no question they do. 
But $150m on average for the top 8 isn't even true based on the most speculative and most optimistic and outdated assumptions. (let alone the fact the top one disappeared and is anonymous and never touched any of his stash beyond the purposes of testing, one is under criminal investigation and another has been tried and large part of his stash liquidated, another is a government agency that already liquidated most of its holdings and various claims are rejected (e.g. the guy who supposedly owns 300k bitcoins says he doesn't have them, he probably has some but nothing like 300k).
In fact, the topic was closed because it was so inaccurate. One big speculative witch hunt.
Curious to see a well sourced list for the top 8 though.
Here's a global distribution of wealth by the way if anyone is interested, for comparison: 
30% for the top 0.001%. Even if the closed, denounced, shit-sourced speculative and outdated list was true: it's a pretty similar ratio, no? 8 people out of 1 million active users is roughly 0.001%. Give or take some from the 1 million users and the top 8 number, I think you'll end up not being too far off the fiat mark.
@_date: 2015-03-09 17:15:04


Great. So I should too? Regardless of whether it's true? Dumbest idea in the world. Go back 100 years, see what kind of dumb ideas were gospel, and you'll see how silly it is to just repeat whatever you hear.


Yup, already agreed to that. This is by the way true for everything. 
Couldn't find any sources in your thread. Feel free to let me know if you find anything decent.


Not being disingenuous at all, it's an interesting comparison. FAR more interesting and credible than shitty assumptions and speculation without any decent sources and repeating claims from a community just because others are saying it (talk about disingenuous).
By the way, money is generally considered wealth. e.g. if you have $1 billion in cash laying around, that's your wealth. But wealth is not money, sure, $1 billion of stock is wealth but it's not money you can pay with. It is however wealth that you can turn into money depending how liquid it is. In that way it's quite similar to bitcoin, which is considered part of people's wealth and is in some countries indeed recognized more as an asset that money, and still today for the vast majority of users bitcoin is used as an investment asset that can be liquidated for money, and not used by money. 
Therefore making comparisons to wealth is perfectly normal.
Beyond that, in most contexts (not always but usually) wealth is considered more important than money. i.e. owning gold or a house, that'll last indefinitely. Owning an equivalent amount of money, that's usually considered to be temporary, it'll inflate away for one. History is full of hundreds of currencies that failed either because they seized to exist or to be valuable.
So to say that 30% of wealth is owned by 0.001% of people I'd consider as less egalitarian and fair than if the same was said about money, as in most contexts wealth is considered to be more powerful, more lasting and representing 'inherent value' like real estate, while money is considered fleeting without having inherent value.
Considering these things, I think bitcoin comes out looking much better than most economies, which is pretty remarkable at an early stage when you expect the early adopters to have the most (which is ceded to later entrants, over time). 
Anyway, to wrap this up, I don't think we actually disagree on anything here. We've both said that consolidation of anything, wealth, money, power, access, opportunity etc, is a problem, and it is a problem for bitcoin, it's pretty easy to see that. I'm not debating whether it's true, I'm debating whether it's $150m average for the top 8, or $50m, or $300m. 
I'm not interested in 'a large chunk of coin is held by few people', no shit, we all know that. That wasn't what was said, what was said was 1/3rd for the top 8. That's a very **specific** claim and that needs a specific source. I'm interested in the analysis.
I'm just interested in seeing specific numbers, I never questioned whether there was large consolidation, I just don't think the $150m average for the top 8 is a reasonable figure and I have yet, despite all the downvotes, seen any evidence of the contrary. So again, not disagreeing with your point, but if you happen to come across any specific numbers let me know. (the thread you supplied was useless, there's no real numbers, analysis or evidence, even if it wasn't outdated beyond measure, 3 years in bitcoin is like discussing last the status quo in the 19th century :P).
@_date: 2015-03-30 08:57:33
Yeah this guy is a big deal, used to read a bunch of his work in college.
Was the treasury secretary (Minister of Finance) for the Clinton administration, president of Harvard for half a decade, Chief economist of the world bank, director of the US national economic council, potential Fed chairman at one point and of course a PhD in Economics.
Anyway it's not a huge surprise. It's known he advises Andreessen Horowitz, the principal investors in the likes of Coinbase and various other bitcoin companies, who have obviously chosen to double down on bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-02 10:21:00
Man, Gavin is going to hear this shit for the rest of his life. Seriously burned him.
@_date: 2015-03-08 13:31:58
Who told you that? You're claiming that 8 people on average own something like $150m of bitcoin. I've never heard of that before.
@_date: 2015-03-02 16:50:31
What? It's just a metric.  
Look, when you apply for a loan at the bank, you don't say "I have $200 left every month with which I could pay back the loan". (i.e. tax revenue). You say I have an income of $3k. The bank knows full well that most of that money goes to your rent, electricity, food, education etc, and isn't available to pay off the loan he's considering to grant you.
Yet he uses income as a metric.
Similarly, economists use GDP as a metric to compare the country's debt to. It's not koolade, it's just one of many different perspectives used. 
I'm not arguing it's the best metric or anything, I'm saying that to lash out at that so hard and even call it a crime is silly.
@_date: 2015-03-12 13:20:42
And bitcoin lost 34% of its value since May. But having bought them in Euros, I haven't actually lost any money yet on them as they're roughly worth as much as back then.
@_date: 2015-03-29 03:00:08
Well a couple things. 
Firstly, the network of miners will decrease. That's not an issue as currently bitcoin is 'over-secure'. It's like taking down the budget for security at a small rural shopping center with 5 shops, from $10 million to $5 million, and seeing the amount of guards drop from 100 to 50. It's alright. Perhaps in 10 years this will become a more pressing issue. 
Second, the less supply of bitcoins there is, the more the price increases. Meaning that the value (in anything, like dollars) of mining rewards will go up, immediately compensating partially for the halving.
Lastly, it's true that in the long-run transactions do need to go up, and replace new supply as a way to reward miners (otherwise transactions have to become much more expensive) And that's happening. Just look at this chart and look at the last 4 years (the period of a halving). We're at 10x the daily transaction rate just 4 years ago, while the price went up by over a hundred thousand fold. If you can keep up either of those two things even a little bit, then there's really nothing to worry about.
But again, we're 'over-secure' now. Meaning even if we don't scale transactions or price, it's still quite secure. It'll take quite a long time before we significantly need to ramp up transactions. Part of this is because bitcoin just keeps becoming more valuable. A few years ago they were worth a penny, now hundreds of dollars. 


So if you go from 50 to 25 to 12.5 or even 0.1 bitcoin per block, it doesn't matter if each bitcoin goes from $0.01 penny to $250. Turns out that this is in part the effect of hoarding ;) (although no, I don't recommend hoarding and it has nothing to do with decentralized currency at all).
@_date: 2015-03-03 13:10:23
Just wanted to quickly throw in there that it makes little sense for Circle to run a premium rate. Why? Because they have no spread. Their buy/sell rate is the same. Meaning if they price bitcoin at 1% higher, then anyone, including Bitpay can buy bitcoin at an exchange and sell it there, bankrupting Circle within 24 hours.
Or the other way around.
Circle's exchange rate might be different in the short term, but it would be illogical to see this as a consequence of willful policy. 
Apart from that I do agree that it's a tricky matter that sometimes (again, not as part of any policy) comes up. 
I think the best solution is for merchants to spend a few hours researching their payment processor fees. The industry standard is around 3% + 30c. On a $10 transaction that's 6%. 
Discount your bitcoin sale by half that, and no user will complain, you get new incentives for customers to buy, your customer saves and even you keep more profit per sale.
Meanwhile you don't have to worry about a chargeback risk, so you can put that in your pocket as well. And you open yourself up to a bunch of customers who don't have a creditcard or paypal.
I think by now you can start recommending your customers to pay with bitcoin again.
@_date: 2015-03-26 21:41:49
Fact of the matter is, anyone in the world (where there is bitcoin liquidity), can now exchange their local currency (often with 10, 20, or even 30%+ inflation), and buy bitcoin.
Then they can go to various companies and for a one-time 1% or so fee, lock in the price pegged to say the dollar, gold, the euro, yen etc. Like Bitreserve.
The issue is that in places with volatile weak currencies, bitcoin liquidity and sophisticated of exchanges and money deposit options tend to be weak and limited, too.
But, bitcoin requires no real infrastructure. Anyone with a mobile phone could become a bank or liquidity operator, or a local streetcorner exchange, much like localbitcoins. 
So it's really a matter of education, culture, momentum etc. So far we've seen a few glimpses of it happening. Bitpesa is definitely leading the charge on education and culture and wareness in Kenya, and now slowly outside of Kenya. It's entirely possible that if they get some proper traction that it can snowball into something massive.
For the richer people... not yet. If you're a millionaire you want to stay as far away from dodgy and sketchy and risky stuff as possible. You'll want to trade on reputable exchanges like a NYSE or Nasdaq, and trade certified securities from well known companies. You really don't want to buy bitcoin and then trust Bitreserve (which is a fine company, but just not something rich people immediately want to jump into.) This is why the SecondMarket push by Barry is so important. It's the start of a bigger market for bitcoin financial products, derivatives etc. 
@_date: 2015-03-12 13:28:04
They're not devaluing for devaluing sake. They're pumping more money into the economy like the US did, because inflation stays low and even with negative interest rates banks are reluctant to lend out. You can either try to sit it out while the economy stagnates for years, or you try to jolt it into action with a bit of cheap money to lend (extra spending &amp; jobs) and a subsequent bit of inflation incentive (3% inflation? I better invest my money or I lose a third the next decade! This creates spending and jobs).
This causes devaluation, too, but it's not the main goal. The devaluation makes exports more attractive, and the EU is a net exporter, and it makes tourism attractive, and the UK, France, Netherlands, Italy, Portugal, Greece, Spain etc etc all have big tourist markets. Costs don't really rise except on imports, but again they're a net exporter.
In short it's not the worst idea in the world. The dollar has been very weak just a few years ago and vice versa, I don't see this as a fantastically unique event. It's been fluctuating.
@_date: 2015-03-02 19:37:51


I didn't say they didn't, but they also look at income as a metric, usually as the first one actually. Just like economists look at tax rates, tax revenue and government expenses, but they also look at GDP as a metric and how it relates to debt. That's not a scam, it's just ONE of many metrics used and to call it criminal to use that metric in addition to others is beyond silly. I don't see how you're still defending this or even downvoting me for making a factual comment.


Yes they do, all the time. Not without strings attached, no, but they still do, all.the.time. Ever heard of a mortgage? If you're saying something else as I get the feeling you are, be more specific with your wording as I don't know what you're trying to claim here.
As for your whole Germany Greece tirade, I've said nothing about it and I don't see why you're telling me any of this. It's completely besides the narrow point I'm making which is that it's silly to call someone out for using GDP as a metric and throwing the word criminal in there.
Maybe you're mistaking me for the guy you were replying to earlier (elfdom), and maybe you're mistaken Dutch for Deutsch, as the Dutch are from the Netherlands, not Germany.
@_date: 2015-10-23 10:48:35
Whatever it's only the biggest economy in the world.
@_date: 2015-11-02 12:50:53
They're offline now?
edit: 
@_date: 2015-10-14 15:51:04
In this particular case it must be mentioned that the CEO crowd-funded this 100% bitcoin company, raising nearly $10m just 9 months ago, and expanded the company with support of the bitcoin community and media. To then turn around and say bitcoin won't exist in a few years, rebrand and pivot to the antithesis of bitcoin's raison d'etre (a disintermediated digital currency vs a trust-based centralised fiat currency), can reasonably be called a turncoat kind of move.
If someone says no I don't want to use your service, fine. But if someone says what you're doing is amazing, let's start a company based on it, alright crowdfund me $10m and become my customer... 9 months later, nah your stuff won't be around in a few years, thanks for the money, I used it to hire a bunch of bankers, the guys you hate, to do the opposite of the thing you love... that's obviously offensive.
@_date: 2015-03-10 15:36:49
Very exciting but also very strange... There are various references to this being a mining company which is ridiculous. I'm completely disinterested in mining companies.
Mining is a lottery where you can win $100, and mining companies manufacture lottery tickets to try to win that $100. If you had 1 million companies or 1 thousand companies doing it, it wouldn't change that basic fact, which is that beyond needing a minimum number of independent miners spending some decent sum of money to provide basic security, it's completely useless and uninteresting and holds no B2B or Consumer interest.
If you look at the type of backers though, the amount of funding and the secrecy, and comments they're apparently consumer-focused... it seems like mining is the last thing they'll focus on. Yet the ASIC job is there, as are some mining references.
My bet is that it's going to be a big IoT push with custom hardware. What that would look like though is anyone's guess.
Most exciting news of March, let's see if it'll remain so!


Full stack bitcoin infrastructure. 
Oh and Peter Thiel being the bitcoin skeptic, interesting to see he jumped on this investment. You don't often see VCs say "I doubt it'll take off, but I invested in them". You more often hear "This is very exciting, massive potential, of course it's never certain it'll work out but if it does it's going to be huge and I'm betting that it will. So I invested". Peter must be shifting towards the latter at least a bit.
@_date: 2015-10-10 11:36:44


@_date: 2015-10-23 13:13:19
@_date: 2015-03-12 23:51:12
Coinbase is one of the most impressive startups period. The fact they're in the bitcoin industry is a big boon. Take that team and put it elsewhere and they'll be succesful, they're really that good at planning big and executing on an insane timeline. If you read the blog for the past 12 months for example, it's pretty crazy how fast they've iterated. 
@_date: 2015-03-29 02:46:08
Well consider this.
If you fill your house with 1000 liters of water a day, and take 1000 liters of water out of your house a day, it's as if nothing ever happened. Even if you do this every day.
if you then add an additional 10 liters of water and splash it on the floor without cleaning it up, that's a big fucking deal, especially if it happens every day.
That's a bit what bitcoin looks like. The price often stays within a range of -10% to +10% for months. Which means that whatever demand there is, supply is roughly matching it. 
If suddenly you see part of that demand drop, even if it's very tiny, it can still be very significant.
This is for example how exercising works. Even if you sit on a chair all day you burn about 2500 kcalories. And if you eat an average of 2500, nothing happens. But if you go jogging for 20 minutes, you burn maybe 100-200 kcalories. It's tiny, but it's what makes the difference between maintaining weight, and slowly losing weight.
Same with climate change. The vast majority of CO2 is generated from the ocean and absorbed by the ocean etc. Humans are a tiny part of it. But humans are the part that tips the balance.
Anyway that's just an idea of course. Who knows if it's true. 
Beyond that, Bitstamp had 6k volume in the past 24h, in the same period 3600 new bitcoins were mined. That's half of one of the world's largest exchanges. Sure volume is a lot bigger than just Bitstamp, but mining is certainly not insignificant.
We also mustn't forget that a lot of trading isn't necessarily long-term demand or supply (which mining of course is, it's a permanent new supply). That is, if you buy $1 million and sell $1m a day, you're daytrading. You're trading for small profits by taking advantage of the highs and lows in a 24h cycle. That number can become gigantic, without it actually representing long-term demand. 
It's the people who choose to buy and then hold, or sell and not buy back, that represent 'real' supply and demand. Because everyone who is daytrading (buying x, and then selling x) is matching his own orders on the supply and demand side, so it doesn't ultimately affect the price. So a big chunk of the large volume metric doesn't affect price. While cutting mining supply in half, of course, does. So I think it's going to be pretty significant when it happens next year.
Not just the fact that mining supply will drop by 50%... but also that this causes a price increase expectation which will cause the remaining 50% of miners to probably hold, as oppose to immediately sell. So I think in month(s) before and after the halving, new mining supply might drop by a lot more than 50%. Definitely an opportunity for a potential rally, which kicks off a new media wave, new VC investment wave etc. Pretty exciting stuff, and it'll likely coincide with the 500m VC capital we've seen in 2013-14-15 turn into mature companies and products, and for the protocol to receive some big updates (like pruning, bloom filters, market for transactions etc), together with much more access to bitcoin from institutional investors through the NYSE, Nasdaq, and perhaps even an ETF. I expect things to start picking up in the fall.
@_date: 2015-10-30 02:33:46


It doesn't make sense to you because it's a bunch of bs. Economist getting it wrong once again, while it looks perfectly sensible to anyone who doesn't have expertise on the topic. But hey, the Economist has nothing to fear because the gell-man amnesia effect should be kicking in any minute now.
@_date: 2015-10-15 02:20:32
I'm glad you reread my post that started with **in this particular case** (i.e. the case of Uphold/Bitreserve, and not some other company I've never even heard of), and deleted your other reply I've quoted below (which I'll delete, too if you want, let me know):








All in all, it doesn't matter. The minute he dropped bitcoin (which consisted of almost none of his sales) the bitcoin community turned on him. There's nothing in your post, if it were even true, that excuses the death threats and harassment he and his company employees had to deal with on a daily basis.
But looking at the upvotes you've gotten, neither you or your lemmings actually care about facts.
I'm unfamiliar with Whollyhemp by the way - how the hell you came up with the idea I was talking about them is beyond me - but if it's true that he received death threats I completely agree with you there's no excuse for that period.
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:47:31


That is my point: Apple is building a system where you can load credentials of billions of potentially compromised cards on a phone as opposed to a plastic card, and use them to pay.
And Apple does nothing to change that all these compromised credentials already exist and can be used with Apple Pay for fraud. Apple builds on top of that. That's my point.
Of course in the long run Apple will influence it but it only affects 1) new creditcards that 2) immediately get destroyed after loading them on the phone, and therefore 3) never get used as a plastic card and never get compromised this way. 
I applaud that in and of itself, but these 'safe credentials' are going to be a tiny fraction for quite some years to come and doesn't change the reality that today many millions of cards have already been compromised and can be used and abused with Apple Pay, and that in the next years most creditcards will continue to be used outside of Apple Pay, even for users who use Apple Pay, meaning these cards too can be compromised and abused.
Over time credentials will never be written on plastic cards ever, sit on secured chips which sign single-use temporarily-valid retailer-specific tokens, unlocked by fingerprint, but it'll be years before the majority of credentials are used like this and physical cards completely phased out. 
I look forward to that, don't get me wrong, and I'm glad Apple is pushing for this, but there is this notion floating around that Apple Pay would root out CC fraud right away and it's just not that simple.
@_date: 2015-10-23 13:14:33


It's not the United states of Europe :P The EU has 28 countries.
@_date: 2015-03-08 13:34:31
One of the prettiest wallets imo, features look very solid, too.
@_date: 2015-10-05 17:30:41
@_date: 2015-03-10 23:32:50
They've been around since 2013 with millions in funding.
@_date: 2015-11-04 04:25:17
Bitcoin is fucking weird, after years these price changes still come unexpected. Ah well I'm not complaining.
@_date: 2015-02-10 12:58:16
A friend of mine who lives and studies in Korea just posted on facebook that he's saving 15% to pay for his tuition using bitcoin. He'll take his US bank account, buy it, send it to Korbit, sell it, and that's what he says he saves. Just returned to this subreddit to post just that :) He's not a tech guy or anarchist (like some of my other friends). He's an English teacher and photographer, really mainstream guy with a mainstream usecase and he just recommended it to his friends on FB. (his co-worker showed it to him).
@_date: 2015-11-02 09:41:05
Weird... I contacted live support two days in a row for two different problems just last week, they replied within seconds and I had resolved my issues both times swiftly. Happy customer for two years now, I've had nothing but good experiences with them.
@_date: 2016-05-26 20:04:28
HOT DAMN, you're a lucky man!!
Those are some gorgeous cufflinks
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:20:13
So unexpected /s
@_date: 2015-03-06 20:40:50
Yup, I just mentioned this on HN did you read about it there?
@_date: 2015-03-12 14:56:39
Yeah it's silly but, to be fair, they're a journalism business. How they make money is their concern. They're not a bitcoin company. If you want to donate to fund their journalists, go ahead, until then I wouldn't complain so much about how they make their money.
Is it dumb to not cater to your extremely niche market of mostly bitcoin owners and enthusiasts? Yes. It's bad business.
But that's their problem. 
As long as the articles are fine, I don't mind. And while there's lots of criticism on the articles from me, overall it's still the top source for me on a weekly basis besides reddit.
That having been said, they've already said they're working on accepting bitcoin so we'll see.
@_date: 2015-02-10 13:06:21
Look up exponential growth rates.
For example, what if I gave you $100 million, and in return, you must put pennies on a chess board. 1 penny on the first square, 2 pennies on the next square, then 4 pennies, 8 pennies and so on until the board is filled.
Just pennies right? How could they ever amount to $100m?
Well if you fill the whole board and double the pennies on each square, you end up paying me: 18,446,744,073,709,551,615 pennies.
That's what exponential growth means. And it's baked in to the new proposal. It starts at 20mb, but will grow into gigabyte sized blocks that can handle billions of people making multiple transactions a day.
Just read Gavin's proposal a bit more. The short story is: it's 20x bigger than today, it's still not enough to support the world economy, this isn't a problem because there's not even that much demand anyway, and over time (as demand increases) the block sizes exponentially grow each year, and you end up with a system that can power the world's transactions on home consumer desktop PCs no more expensive than today.
@_date: 2015-02-14 19:10:19
Far fetched: because the idea of physical theft could have been history using private-key based money.
@_date: 2015-02-10 13:19:23
What he's trying to say is that people won't necessarily be using the word bitcoin anymore. i.e. today we use bitcoin as a currency and a network.
The bitreserve model is that bitcoin is used still as a network (it's cheap, fast, open, permissionless, digital, completely unlike fiat).
But that it's not used as a currency, but rather as an asset.
So you'll keep your money represented in say the dollar currency, using a bitcoin asset (that is hedged by them, putting the volatility risk/rewards onto investors who trade derivatives and NOT consumers), and bitcoin as a network.
That means bitcoin will 'go away' as a term. People use dollars, only much faster and much easier, cheaper and more accessible to all, including people outside of the US, people without a bank account or formal identity.
That's his point. Whether I agree? I'm not sure, it's one of those things that's terribly difficult to predict. It's certainly plausible. The notion that a billion people will express prices of products in bitcoin and perceive their entire valuation system in bitcoins (like everyone does in their local fiat currency) and make direct blockchain transactions to buy coffee or a playstation game is a very tall order. It's more likely I think that bitcoin will fade as a term from the 3 million people that use it every now and then, and that it becomes a technological term for businesses who build on top of it, and then offer a wide range of currency products built on bitcoin that have a different name, and that these things built on bitcoin will be used by everyone to buy coffee or buy a playstation game.
Kind of like how nobody knows about SWIFT, yet it's well used. Bitcoin could be that network + an asset, only much better and more influential, without end-users knowing they're using it.
This isn't a new argument, it's basically the idea of 'does anyone understand or know the internet protocol? No, but billions of people, from girls tweeting about Justin Bieber to girls like Malala use it without knowing tcp/ip'.  The netscape comparison isn't a very good one, but his point is that Netscape eventually went away as a name, yet forever changed the entire web in an unprecedented manner.
@_date: 2015-10-23 14:42:59
Very unlikely. 
Here you can get a sense of the gap and how it's been in recent years (as you can see the EU struggled more with the consequences of the financial crisis than the US).
Anyway it's unlikely to close the gap in 2015 because the US economy would have to grow by 6.05% while the EU economy would have to not grow at all. 
The reality is that the US is estimated by most organisations to grow around 2.5%. Estimates fluctuate a bit throughout the year, e.g. the white house estimated 2% earlier this summer. 
For example some estimates (~2.5%) from different organisations (IMF, OECD, World Bank, EIU, UN etc) on the US growth forecast: 
And for the EU (~1.8%) 
The gap is likely to sustain for some years, and as the growth difference is expected to grow closer together (converging around ~2%). It's hard to say what happens long term, the US grows much quicker than the EU so merely from population growth you can expect economic growth. But the EU might one day start adding more countries again, e.g. if Turkey joins (sounds like a joke but it's been talked about seriously many times in the past) the gap widens a ton. Either way, more certain is that China is unanimously expected to overtake both :P 
@_date: 2016-07-14 16:00:41
LOL