@_author: ikorolou
@_date: 2017-05-07 03:48:45
You can see how many coins have been mined
@_date: 2017-05-07 17:38:15
Well bitcoin is still fairly new, there's not really any precedent for this happening before. Maybe they'll do another round of issues coins with a new limit, maybe it'll collapse, maybe it'll transition more from a  commodity to more of currency, maybe something else will happen. I'm not saying we should just go blindly forward either, before you give a retarded question and answer again
Again, not an expert, I don't own any, so I don't know everything there is to know, but just assuming the worst for everything about it doesn't seem like the right way to figure stuff out. 
People don't want to help you understand if you're an asshole, and I'm just telling you, for a lot of this thread you were an asshole. It's not that the answers don't exist
@_date: 2017-05-07 15:51:55
yeah I've been looking at Ethereum and LiteCoin
I also don't really have that much money, still a student, so if I invested it'd be like $60 a month or something
@_date: 2017-05-07 15:57:24
I don't really know enough to give you any sort of comprehensive overview for all of bitcoin. I do not own any crypto currency either. 
However I do know that it's not going to just go away, and that trying to resist advances in tech end up mostly just hurting myself. I don't think this whole "it sucks, it'll never work, everyone who buys into it is a sucker" attitude towards it is productive at all. So maybe take a step back and a deep breath 
Side note: making every response you have just more questions, that you give a stupid knee-jerk answer for, is a terrible way to learn new things. You don't seem curious about the topic, you seem like you already look down on it and want to discredit it. So, people who know a lot don't really want to help you, so you won't get as good of answers, and you'll know less. You knowing less, just hurts you
@_date: 2017-05-07 03:39:30
Yeah it sounded like an awesome idea at first,  then I actually figured out how much I'd be making and it fucking sucked.  Like years to get a return and then the return sucks ass, and that's the best case scenario 
I should really just start putting in a certain amount every month or so. It feels like a much better investment
Mostly I just read about bitcoin tech rn, but I should start buying some
@_date: 2017-05-07 22:55:18
Hey so I can't just give you the lecture that I got on BitCoin in class this past semester since it's not my property, but here's a giant works cited page one of my Computer Security professors posted at the end of it:
Sources:Learn about signatures/ecash/cryptography at csaudk
CryComStory of Chaumand DigiCash(to be taken with a grain of salt)
Bitcoinpaper and announcement
This pizza cost 750,000 usd
Lily Allen turns down btcs
Signature attack
Graphs, stats etc
Comparison with Altcoins
Bitcoinstolen from TV
Visa/Mastercard vs Wikileaks
Not in the talk, but very interesting:
The value overflow bug
The March 2013 chain fork
Buggy transaction, misteryminer
The problem with “checkpointed” bitcoin
Fucking knock yourself out, also Google Satoshi Nakamoto, inventor of both BitCoin, and BlockChain. BlockChain is probably the more important tech to come out of BitCoin