@_author: ikwyl
@_date: 2018-02-18 09:47:00
Most people seem to have either no knowledge of history, or choose to completely ignore it. The argument that fiat currencies have value because they represent faith in governments is totally correct, but people are starting to loose faith in those governments. This loss of confidence isn’t isolated to random countries in africa or south america, and it’s an issue that’s becoming more and more common throughout the world. Income inequality is going to increase, the rich get richer, and with that more powerful and immune to the issues faced by the majority of the worlds populations. Our current culture, at least in america seems to portray us as invincible. Most of those people who suffered through terrible times like the depression and world wars, those who could remind us of the past are gone. America never truly recovered from the crash in 2008, we’ve created a patchwork economy that isn’t going to be able to withstand issues brought on by things like automated systems in the coming years. Those institutions and individuals largely responsible for the crash in 2008 suffered very little for their mistakes, mistakes that the rest of the country are still paying for. When shit hits the fan again, why would anything be different? Btc and crypto as a whole has definitely gained a lot of popularity as a potential get rich quick scheme, but every time that it drives up in price and drops it attracts a new wave of individuals who come to learn about and understand the technology and potential behind it. Every time that Btc and the crypto market recovers from a crash, more and more people begin to have confidence in it as an entity that has the potential to replace a system that has proven to work primarily for those at the top at the cost of everyone else. I know that I’m sounding like an alarmist, or even an edgelord, but look into how the crash from 2008 was “fixed”. Foreign entities carry a large chunk of american debt, and if a situation arises where we can’t return that debt we’re not going to be able to fix it like we did in 2008. If this hypothetical situation were to occur, what do you think is going to happen to the usd? Who do you think is going to suffer because of this? Who do you think is going to be found responsible for all of this? If history is any indication, you, I and everyone else in this thread dicking around and arguing about Btc are those who would suffer the most. This knowledge is becoming more commonly known, and something that I personally believe to be a contributing factor to the recent surges in crypto’s popularity. It’s an alternative to the shit sandwich that we may end up having to eat. Dyor, I typed all of this after downing nyquil and could be making all of this up. Question everything.