@_author: ikydo
@_date: 2016-01-10 23:39:13
CCs still works great for me. 
I mostly pay the same price as cash. Gets rewards points, insurance, dispute resolution. Identity theft has never been a problem. Simply flag a transaction as "not me" and it's done. I don't have to carry cash or ever wonder whether I have enough in my wallet or bank account.
I never pay fees or interest. I have "smart contracts" with the issuers to auto transfer the statement balance on the due date. The cards works almost anywhere in the world. Foreign transaction fees are minimal. Exchange rates reasonable. 
I'll gladly use bitcoin or any system built on bitcoin or something similar to bitcoin as soon as it offers similar or better services and similar or more convenience.
I'm waiting with antici..........pation.
@_date: 2016-01-29 01:23:07
The PRC can simply nationalize all mining farms and mining equipment in their territory. They can also add mining power and sustain loss making at a rate no private entity can match.
The VC, the miners and the speculators will exit and the price will drop to a point where maintaining the attack becomes very inexpensive. POW changes will further destroy and discourage private investments and depress the price. 
@_date: 2016-05-07 13:38:31
Your assertion that businesses will pass on savings from noncompliance with laws and regulations to their customers is a bit doubtful. Ignoring the law may seem less expensive in the moment but it carries enormous risks that will compel a rational person to adjust his profit margins to compensate.
And for legal transactions, credit cards are free and instant, the ability to dispute is a benefit. Theft of card details is a problem for the merchant and the bank, not the user
@_date: 2016-05-06 11:39:16
So miners.
A customer base that is mathematically programmed to approach zero. 
@_date: 2016-05-06 23:21:34
Nice looking site, but people can bet and gamble with fiat also. 
Is there a compelling reason for someone to do fiat--&gt;bitcoin--&gt;bitedge?
If no, then your customer base is also mathematically programmed to approach zero.
@_date: 2016-05-07 21:58:14
The term "identity theft" is a bit of a misnomer. Legal identity is tied to a person and cannot be stolen. What you refer to, is when a someone fraudulently identifies himself as another, He may use your CC information to fraudulently identify himself to a merchant as you in a transaction. Then he has defrauded the merchant and it's the merchant's loss. This happens quit often, but the resolution process is extremely favorable to the CC user. Likewise if a person  fraudulently identify himself as you, to your bank and withdraw money from your account, he has defrauded the bank and the loss becomes theirs. This type of thing is pretty rare.
Bank and CC accounts are different from bitcoin in the sense that the money do not belong to whomever has the secret key, it belongs to the legal person or entity. Thus if the bank hands it to an incorrect legal entity or person, it is their mistake. The market and legal framework will compel them to make you whole. 