@_author: ilgnome
@_date: 2014-06-12 10:58:49
In the off chance that we have a 3rd party card decline and i t's one of the big players, we grab the guest's card for incidentals as is SOP and then send the guest on their way.
I see no reason to make a guest wait in the lobby for 30 minutes when you know that Expedia is good for the money.
@_date: 2014-06-12 10:56:11
But when a guest is standing at a hotel is being told that they're not getting the room they thought they booked who do you think is going to get the blame? 
It isn't Expedia. Once the reservation is made they have very little interaction between the guest and the hotel and the Expedia agents know that and use that to their advantage. 
So as I stated earlier. Fantastic for bitcoin, sorry it was Expedia though.
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:58:03
Great news! You can now use your bitcoins for hotel rooms.
Bad news! It's through Expedia.
Let's look into what this means for you, shall we?
You book a room through Expedia and you say you want a king room. So far so good? Well your reservation says you have a "standard room", that means you will NOT be getting the king room you requested. In fact you will probably end up in a wheelchair accessible room or, if the hotel has them, a smoking room. Yes hotels still have smoking rooms even in states with smoking bans. Source: Me.
Expedia has also been known to lie to guests so they can lock in a reservation and get their commission. Don't believe me? Ask any hotel worker how they feel about Expedia or other 3rd party booking sites (many of which use Expedia as a back end). I recently had to turn a guest away because we have a 21+ policy and he had booked through Expedia and already paid. We were quite happy with our free revenue as he did not do what he was told (call Expedia and tell them we couldn't allow him to stay here). This was booked through a credit card so he had options to fight it. If he had paid through bitcoin, there is no way to challenge the transaction.
While this is good for bitcoin it's mostly because Expedia knows that they will never have to give a refund to anyone paying with the coins. Ever.
So celebrate this, what are we calling it? Victory? This 'victory' for bitcoin, but know that it is a victory that can, and will, bite some of you in the ass.
IamA hotel worker AMA
@_date: 2014-06-11 22:35:53
You'll still get a hold on a credit card by booking through Expedia via bit coins. Except now you'll be treated as a second class citizen because you booked through Expedia.