@_author: iliektofu
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:51:06
Thank you. Like I said, I didn't do any further research, so I didn't know if it was entirely true. Appreciate the correction. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:35:39
The thing is with that, you're making a "well let's stop arguing and do this", which very similar with what everyone else is doing. If the best thing to do is for *someone* to fold and start compromising, why does it have to be everyone else? 
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:07:03
Maybe a select group of the very rich could afford their own police force, but it not more than 5% of people. AnCaps argue that poly-centric law is possible through Rights Protection Agencies, but I don't see this as likely working. 
I went to private school, which I suppose doesn't surprise you since I'm arguing right-wing economics, so I can attest how it's possible to fund this privately. I can say the private school I did go to was constantly low on funding, so I can't talk to long term sustainability. 
Yeah, I'm never sure on Fire insurance and fire fighters. The way I was taught about it was that people just wouldn't often get insurance, and firefighters would refuse to help them. But I don't know if a retroactive payment option is possible. It'd likely have to be expensive to warrant making it an option. This doesn't sound very good. This is also why I said "especially the police", because I think the fire service's public goods status is open to debate.
Largely the reasons I don't believe the factors that contribute to the other services contribute to Healthcare is that I believe there are policies that can be implemented to lower the cost of healthcare drastically, without creating the inverse effect as subsidies do. 
Lowering the barrier to entry for someone to become a doctor would be beneficial, as it could allow the return of Mutual Aid funds. Reducing or removing the Patent time on Drugs would be another. 
I can't attest to how true this is, as I have only seen it on Adam Ruins everything, and haven't done any further research in the matter, but he claims that Insurance Companies are partially to blame for the high costs, as they 'conspire' with doctors to increase the costs for people not on insurance, to perceive to get discounts. Potentially shifting the onus from Privately-owned Insurance Companies to more socially-owned Mutual Aid Funds could help that? 
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:38:45
But the argument for those is that they are public goods, and wouldn't get the funding they need on a private model, police especially so. 
You could argue that healthcare isn't a public good, and can fund itself privately fine. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:47:36
A public good is a good/service that benefits the public, but can't work financially privately. 