@_author: ilimo777
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:21:11
It's crazy how many people want to get into cryptocurrencies, but still do not know HOW to buy...
@_date: 2017-12-25 22:11:07
CNBC’s crypto coverage has been awful btw!  So bad.  They’re even shilling BCH, shows how oblivious they are...
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:17:05
Regal Wallet above does cold storage, and (I believe) offers the largest selection of cryptocurrencies to invest in a Crypto IRA.  Some companies ONLY do Bitcoin and Ethereum. 
With Regal, you can buy Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum (ETH), Ethereum Classic (ETC), Ripple (XRP), and Litecoin (LTC)... I read an update that in 2018, Regal is adding DASH and Monero (XMR) to their IRAs.  With Regal, you can also actively rebalance your portfolio, so for example if Ethereum shoots up 300% one week (as cryptos have been known to do), you can sell, and put some of the profits into another currency.  Doing this INSIDE of an IRA protects your capital gains / profits from taxes - very important! Of course, call them and confirm all info... and I'm not a "cryptocurrency advisor," but in my humble opinion, buy and hodl MONERO in 2018.  :)
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:36:29
Regal cryptos / Regal Wallet is actually Regal Assets - a 10+yr old US company that specializes in precious metals.  They're now adding cryptocurrencies, and have offices is Dubai and Canada. 5 star average trustlink rating and A+ with the Better Business Bureau   I would also give more details about Lloyd's of London insurance on their site as that's a very unique offering in this space.
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:18:15
There are several companies now offering a "Bitcoin IRA." 
It's important to call at least three companies before investing...
When you do your research, you'll find that not all Bitcoin IRA dealers are created equal.  Only a couple companies are really "all in one" businesses that can streamline - open, setup, and fund your bitcoin IRA...
When you call - here are a few things to think about and Ask... 
 
Who is this crypto IRA company? 
If you're going to rollover or transfer $10,000 or more (at the time of this writing, $10,000 isn't even enough to buy one bitcoin) into cryptos, you want to know who's behind this company.  
In my research, a few of the bigger bitcoin IRA companies are actually businesses that specialize in Gold and Silver IRAs - they're adding cryptocurrencies to their offerings under new business names. 
There's nothing wrong with diversifying your offerings from gold and silver to cryptos, but why not do it under the same business name?  
My thoughts are that you wouldn't distance your primary business unless either your gold enterprise has a less than stellar reputation? Or you want to distance yourself from selling "risky" cryptocurrencies? Maybe they're not sure if cryptos will take off or tank, so they want to be able operate under separate business entities? It's just odd to me...  
Something to think about...  How can one sell something if they don't believe in it?
Also, how does this bitcoin IRA company STORE your assets?
Do they use an online wallet?  a multisig online wallet? or offline wallet + COLD STORAGE?
If you're investing long-term and want the most hacker proof storage - you want a company that uses an offline wallet an offers cold storage as an option...
What custodian do they work with? 
What are the custodial fees? 
Looking at  they've been in business for years, they have excellent reputation, they're selling cryptos under the same "Regal" banner as their gold and silver offerings...  They offer offline wallet / cold storage through Brinks, and I believe they waive all setup fees entirely for new accounts (check on this)...  
Easypak-100 posted that one needs to be an employee of their own company - this is NOT true. Sorry, but how limited would their pool of clients be if this can only be offered to self employed/business owners. This can be done easily by companies that focus on and specialize in setting up self-directed IRAs.
Of course, call a few companies and speak to financial experts (not me!) before investing / speculating with your hard earned money.
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:22:07
He's either a genius or crazy!  I'm leaning on the side of genius :)
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:10:25
Bitcoin is the new Gold...  at least it seems like it right now!  Yes, I’ve seen ads on Fox News with Ron Paul now promoting Bitcoin IRAs also.
@_date: 2017-04-04 01:07:23
I believe it's a $5,000 minimum? I could be wrong...  Great option if you have an IRA, 401k, TSP or other retirement account and want to diversify retirement account with Bitcoin... 
Investors can rollover or transfer retirement funds into the cryptocurrency tax  &amp; penalty free. 
A "Bitcoin IRA Rollover" may be smart with a small portion of your retirement, but I wouldn't be too bullish with your nest egg as Bitcoin is still a highly volatile asset. If I were to diversify 401k with Bitcoin, I wouldn't do more than 5-10%!