@_author: illegalsweatpants
@_date: 2019-03-24 14:55:49
BTC will never hit mainstream without consumer protection systems, programs and agreements similar to credit card companies.
The fact that you can lose all of your assets via forgetful negligence, an error or theft is and should be a major cause for concern. Shit happens. 
If someone steals my CC I literally do not care. One phone call, all the damage is someone elses problem and I get overnighted a new card that I churn to death for reward points. BTC does none of this.
@_date: 2019-03-24 16:29:40
You won't say what points I'm missing, accusing me of being a troll, accusing me of being incompetent, refusing to explain what I'm missing and asking me to stop wasting your time?
I took a peek at your recent post history. Between you and I, I'm not the troll here.
@_date: 2019-03-24 17:03:43
I never said the banks were in collusion, corrupt and definitely working against most people.
What I said was the public won't adopt BTC until it offers better protections.
I still like BTC. I still see some uses for it. I understand why it's a thing. I also understand why it hasn't taken off to where a lot of people in the BTC community thought it would be. I am also surprised and disappointed by how it did not take off in Venezuela recently - as that was in my opinion an ideal place for it to flourish.
I'm also not 12 years old and I'm autistic depending on who you ask. 
@_date: 2019-03-24 15:50:25
Let me choose what?
@_date: 2019-03-24 16:15:17
Do you guys want to talk about bitcoin, the problems with bitcoin, its competitors or do you want to suppress dissenting opinions and insult people who don't toe the line?
@_date: 2019-03-24 14:42:07
Yes. Which is why this is BS.
The internet that CC companies use to verify transactions is the same internet that crypto uses to talk to its own servers.
@_date: 2019-03-24 14:49:08
People would be insane to use them. And for the poor well meaning people who do use them, I suspect they might feel pretty burned after they realized how much in fees just flew out of their pocket.
@_date: 2019-03-24 16:49:30
Just because I don't drink the kool aide on everything said about BTC doesn't mean I don't have any.
@_date: 2019-02-18 00:59:22
I havent paid to fly in years.
I havent paid for a hotel in years.
I just got a $150 gift card for free.
How? Churning credit cards.
That subreddit has made me thousands of dollars in the past few years for doing no more work than signing up for certain cards, paying them correctly and keeping track of the bullshit. Minimal work. An hour or so a month. 
Crypto is great and has its uses. CC's with fee's that provide excellent rewards that can be easily abused are also fantastic and should be used by anyone with half a brain who can keep track of a credit card statement and read and understand a ToS.
As for the article and comparing its points to CC's:
1. I don't care if people use my cards in an unauthorized way. Why? I get the money back. Very little questions asked. Hell, the credit card companies don't care nor do the vendors that have stolen cards run through them. No one cares until its obvious that the cardholder is in on it.
2. No one cares. Literally. No one.
3. Waiting periods are minimal. A dew days tops. If that's important to you than by all means go to a BTC ATM and lose your ass on fees for that purchase you have to make immediately using BTC.
4. This is a joke. I have several business cards. I don't own any businesses. Whats my business called? Well it's my name. And what do I do? I consult, I guess. They never ask why sort of consulting. Thank you Chase Business and related cards for flying my family for free across the country a few times. Since I'm a US citizen the other mentioned benefits don't serve me.
5. No one cares. People say they do. If you own a smart phone and care you need to put that in the trash barrel outside ASAP. Advertisers will stop with your info when the trash truck comes by and crushes it into the back of the truck. That ships sailed and it's something we will never see again in our lifetime (privacy).
6.   The real word just uses money orders from banks via 2 trusted parties. If one party plays fuck fuck games see you in court. In crypto land if you do a peer-to-peer transfer with your drug dealer and he rips you off you're now 100% fucked. Want to get robbed? Pay a stranger in crypto.
7. All the fee's charged by my CC's are passed onto the merchant for the same total cost as a cash transaction. It's actually illegal in my state to attempt to sway people away from using a CC and it's also illegal to charge a fee to the customer for CC use. Not my problem.
8. Yes they do. This is a valid point.
9. Why am I having my cards blocked and confiscated again? Remember, I'm trying to churn these CC's, not buy drugs, trannyhookers or place hits on people.
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:52:42
A business does not have to accept credit cards. If they did then I would agree with you. 
By accepting credit cards businesses are making more money than they are losing via fees. They now have less cash to manage. This means less mistakes via employee counting errors. This means less theft from staff. This means less pickups from armed bank trucks to have the cash shipped off to a bank. 
Some states (like mine) stop surcharges for CC use. Federal law also allows businesses to offer cash discounts for purchases. These discounts need to be marked planly and openly.
At the end of the day a lot of people are making money off CC's. The CC's make insane amounts of money. The businesses make money via conveinyance, larger purchases since you can buy as much as your cards max as opposed to dollars on hand and other misc overhead savings.
The losers are people who cant manage their finances. That's what Chase is banking on when I blow through one of their cards with  $400 yearly fee. They are hoping I spend 5k in 3 months, pay the minimum and get killed in interest, pay their yearly fee, don't use the points and sink like a rock. That's their plan.
All you have to do is not buy things you cant afford or don't need. 
@_date: 2019-02-21 01:11:20
We're all familiar with passing the cost on principle.
That said credit cards are going nowhere in the mid to long term. That cost is here to stay. 
Ups and downs aside, I am exposed to next to zero risk using my CC. Make a careless mistake and lose a CC? No one cares. Someone uses it? Not a problem.
Lose your crypto keys? Bye forever. Give crypto to a buyer who isn't playing nice? Bye bye all over again.
There isnt a demand for crypto in established healthy markets with court systems. There is in places like Venezuela where the wheels are falling off and everyone is fucked. Even there it doesn't seem to have taken off despite their money being worth zero dollars and no actual way to buy or sell things outside of foreign hard currency.
@_date: 2019-02-18 01:13:53
The reasons to use Crypto in day to day transactions that people make on trivial things are very, very few.