@_author: illuminatieverywhere
@_date: 2015-09-20 00:11:34
I fully realize that it can be an investment opportunity, but as I explained in my comment, the attitude that Bitcoin is merely an investment opportunity undermines it's potential success as a useful currency.
If we treat Bitcoin foremost as an investment, it becomes a commodity susceptible to market volatility. It fails as a useful currency which further devalues BTC.
If we treat Bitcoin foremost as a currency and utility for payment transactions, then it succeeds as currency and it's value steadily increases.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:14:00
Bitcoin's real value is it's utility as a currency.
Anyone buying Bitcoin without the intent to utilize the currency has missed the point of crypto-currency. This "get rich off Bitcoin" mentality is what made Bitcoin so volatile and negatively effects it's chances of universal adoption as a currency.  Market volatility makes it useless as a currency, which in turn further devalues Bitcoin.
We need less people "investing" in Bitcoin and more people "using" Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-19 20:59:39
I don't know why you're getting downvoted for stating the obvious, people in this sub seem to be somewhat delusional.  It's amazing how you're being shunned for wanting to use Bitcoin the way it was meant to be used... as a currency. 
This "get rich off Bitcoin" mentality is what made Bitcoin so volatile and negatively effects it's chances of universal adoption as a currency. Market volatility makes it useless as a currency, which in turn further devalues Bitcoin.
We need less people "investing" in Bitcoin to get rich and more people "using" Bitcoin as a currency.
Look at all these idiots trying to tell you it's an investment opportunity potentially worth 100x returns. Classic pump and dump get-rich-quick bullshit that does nothing for society or the advancement of crypto-currency. Spend that shit. For the sake of crypto-currency, fucking use it as it was meant to be used.  Don't listen to these scumbags.
@_date: 2015-09-19 23:15:56
Actual use of the currency is the *only* thing that will benefit Bitcoin and it's longevity. 
Anyone trading Bitcoin simply to turn a profit is contributing to it's volatility and thus subverting it's potential success as a currency. What happened in 2013 and 2014 was bad for Bitcoin, investors viewed it simply as a commodity and short-term investment. People are complaining about the recent CTFC decision to regulate BTC as a commodity rather than a currency, when BTC actually has yet to prove otherwise. Now that the sharks have largely left, Bitcoin has a second chance to prove itself as a useful currency rather than a volatile pump-and-dump scheme.
If you care at all about the long-term success of crypto-currencies, you will abandon any naive aspiration of getting rich off of Bitcoin.  For every market winner there is a market loser... every person who got rich by selling Bitcoin at $1,200 sold those BTCs to some poor idiot who got burned and lost their money.  This is what hinders the success of crypto-currency and this is why we should stop referring to crypto-currencies as an "investment". Bitcoin is a currency, a utility for payment transactions and you should start treating it as such if you want it to be successful.