@_author: ilogy
@_date: 2016-04-21 00:59:33


The definition works regardless of which side you view it through. It is in no way "incompatible with what Greg Maxwell and small block devs now argue."
@_date: 2016-04-30 17:29:52
There isn't going to be the need for middle-men to connect lenders to borrowers. The peer-to-peer revolution will, with time, obviate that need. Even investing in companies won't require third parties, as the stock will exist on the blockchain and dividends will be paid directly through the stock to its corresponding bitcoin address (or whichever base currency the stock token is issued on). 
This vision of connecting lenders-to-borrowers is actually profoundly promising for society. I think today's situation is one where the bankers are the primary lenders, there really isn't the peer-to-peer situation people imagine there being. 
People imagine that most citizens lend their money to banks and then banks, in turn, lend that money to borrowers. That would imply banks function to connect lenders to borrows. But that's not how it works. All banks are worried about is the balance sheet, measuring their assets against their liabilities. When banks create loans, the loan represents the liability, the borrower's promise to repay the loan represents the asset. So whenever a loan is created, it is always balanced with a corresponding asset at the moment of its creation, therefore there is no need for a bank to ever borrow money in order to give out loans. 
I think this is somewhat confusing to people because they don't commonly understand that banks create money in the form of bank deposits. Mechanically speaking, a bank doesn't need to have any money whatsoever to create a loan, they just type it into their computer and it appears in your account. Of course, in the old days when cash was what everyone used, banks needed to get a hold of real cash, and that is what has given rise to the common perception of how banks work and the idea that they function to connect people who have too much cash with people who have too little. When banks can create money because it is digital IOUs the way it is today, that system breaks down, banks don't need your digital IOUs because they can create them themselves.
I would argue that many of the problems we are facing in society that revolve around the financial system stem from this corruption that has happened with modern banking that is ultimately due to the digitization of society and the absence of corresponding digital money, where I am defining money as an instrument of final settlement like cash. Because we have lacked digital money, we have had to rely on digital credit instead and that has given banks tremendous power since they are the creators of digital credit. This transformed them from being facilitators of the economy, from being institutions that helped move money around, to becoming a massive collective leech upon the society and the economy as most money turned into credit and essentially became indebtedness to banks.
In my view, digital cash promises to dramatically restore the financial system, and the entire economy, to sound footing in which the economic prosperity of one person directly translates into the prosperity of another, like a well-oiled machine. It is exciting!  
@_date: 2016-04-21 01:46:23
We aren't talking about LN. We are talking about Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-04-17 15:22:28
If Bitcoin could be controlled then it would essentially just become a very large and cumbersome private blockchain. As a private blockchain, I don't see how Bitcoin defeats its competitors.
But as a public blockchain, particularly if it continues to grow to become even more censorship resistant, then I don't think any of the private blockchains can really compete with that. Ultimately, their only hope will be for governments to attempt to destroy public blockchains for them. 
I think people are starting to feel that the libertarians are winning the war over Bitcoin, that those who wanted to see it become a private blockchain are losing. Mike Hearn works for R3 now because he realized this. For many, Bitcoin is doomed unless it plays nice with governments, and therefore these people are jumping ship. 
But the problem is that as a non-national currency, Bitcoin is intrinsically antagonistic to governments, and that wouldn't have changed should it have become a quasi-private blockchain. The private blockchain advocates understood this, which is precisely why they pushed the image of Bitcoin as currency neutral payment network rather than as money. But if Bitcoin is going to embrace its status as money, it cannot simultaneously avoid being a threat to national currencies. 
Ultimately, however, if Bitcoin can survive the assault from governments, it can survive anything, and that all but guarantees it will become the global base currency. Half the people alive today are still stuck in the 20th century, but in time that won't be the case, and then you are going to have a world in which money has to be profoundly digital, which means it has to be secure above and beyond anything we have today, it has to be neutral and fungible, and if you have that on a global scale, who won't use it? No other currency will possess these qualities because no other currency will be willing to go through what Bitcoin goes through. 
Offshore bank accounts are becoming less and less reliable, money is becoming the foundation of the surveillance state, you think it is just average Joes that are concerned about this? Everyone has invested interest in a global, real money. Governments have a terrible track record at wiping out things that people want.
I think many people wanted Bitcoin to be an easy no-brainer. The success of Bitcoin will be hard, and this why everyone who participates in that success, no matter to what degree, will be deserving of the insane rewards they will likely eventually see. 
@_date: 2016-04-30 20:28:35
The distinction is semantic. You can call the numbers in your bank account "bank credit," and you can call cash "money;" or you can call the numbers in your bank account "money," and Federal Reserve notes "base money." It doesn't make a difference. Central banks create money for banks, banks create money for consumers, and consumers can exchange their bank credit for central bank money by going to an ATM.
Put differently, central bank money, or base money, or what you are calling "money" is still just a form of bank credit. You could call it "central bank credit." It is an IOU that is lent into existence just exactly the way commercial bank credit is. The only difference is that commercial bank credit is the promise to pay central bank credit, whereas central bank credit is the promise to pay itself.
@_date: 2016-04-27 14:22:50
I agree that another hype cycle will come, but I thought his analysis was good and I believe he is right in saying we are still in the hype cycle that began in November of 2013. It is easy to imagine what the next hype cycle will look and feel like, it will be massive, but we aren't there yet. 
Hype cycle phases 3-5 are:
3) *The trough of disillusionment* -- that, for bitcoin, was much of 2014 and most of 2015. 
4) *The slope of enlightenment* -- This is where we are now.
5) *The plateau of productivity* -- Where we will be soon.
After stage five the next hype cycle will begin and we will see another massive price spike. One gets the impression from just a cursory look at the hype cycle theory that phases 4+5 last roughly equal in time as phases 1+2+3. If that's true, the next hype cycle should begin sometime late 2017 or early 2018. 
@_date: 2016-04-20 19:56:54
Actually, the main concern of small blockers is that Bitcoin remain peer-to-peer and censorship resistant in such a way that no third party can interrupt direct transference of money from one party to another. Small blockers prioritize this aspect of Bitcoin over things like making sure transactions are cheap, fast, and efficient -- whereas big blockers take the opposite view. 
Small blockers argue that the priorities of big blockers, e.g., speed, efficiency, minimal fees, etc., can all be achieved through a layered approach in payment networks like the Lightning Network that are built on top of the base layer. They argue that trust in the base layer as peer-to-peer cash, or money, is essential for the entire system to work and that the other priorities of the big blockers can be handled in other ways than compromising the decentralized nature of the base layer.
Big blockers, on the other hand, believe that the base layer will become prohibitively expensive under the small blockers plan, barring access to the average user who will be forced to use the payment layers which will -- they argue -- likely become centralized, leaving the average man without access to true money and suffering from many of the faults we the see in the legacy system. 
They pejoratively refer to small blockers' plan as wanting to turn Bitcoin into a "settlement network," meaning average users won't be able to use actual peer-to-peer bitcoin anymore because it will be too expensive. This is why they claim small blockers are against Bitcoin as a peer-to-peer network, even though the reality is that small blockers' main concern is that the purity of the peer-to-peer network remain intact.  
@_date: 2016-04-30 16:44:10
They are giving away money for free. That is what zero percent interest rates means. The US "recovery" -- which is really just the massive inflation of asset prices -- has been the result.  
Free money thus far has had the effect of concentrating wealth to the top of society. That is because the bankers and financial elites are the ones who get to borrow at near zero percent and use that money to invest in other things in order to make themselves even richer. When rich people are all collectively doing this you get a rise in the value of all the things rich people buy, e.g., stocks. 
So you have a kind of ponzi-like situation in which everyone knows that the cheap money means asset values are guaranteed to keep inflating because everyone is borrowing and then using that borrowed money to invest more. Since everyone knows everyone else is doing this, they know the prices will keep going up, and since they know the prices will keep going up, they keep borrowing, and since borrowing is free there is no reason not to. 
So all the value is being sucked out of society into this massive inflation of things rich people buy and then all the elites, living sheltered from the rest of society, declare the amazing job the Fed has done and the success of the economic recovery (which politicians like Obama are quick to embrace). Then they all scratch their heads wondering why Donald Trump is the Republican nominee and why Bernie Sanders almost defeated Clinton. 
What we have is a massive amount of inflation that is all concentrated around assets. Since these aren't measure by the inflation indices such as the CPI -- which focus on the prices of things consumed by middle income people -- the tendency to believe that the rise in asset values reflects an underlying strength in the economy, after all, that is generally how people view rising stock prices. 
The reality, however, is that the legacy monetary system is being used to facilitate a massive wealth transfer from the poor and middle class to the wealthy, and then the media sells this wealth transfer by calling it the "economic recovery." 
@_date: 2016-04-25 04:35:34
I think there is some truth to the idea that slow and steady deflation causes the velocity of money to decrease as people stop using it for liquidity purposes and instead horde. The benefits to the hype cycles is that you get the massive deflation that rewards investors which is vital to the long term success of the currency, but then the money is also redistributed to a wider user base under a very strong inflation that promotes spending and the focus on the liquidity advantages of the financial asset. With each bubble, early investors cash out and spread their holdings to new participants, so each bubble effectively represents a heart beat in which new vitality is being pumped into the ecosystem. The new highs in price generates interest, excitement, investment, innovation, and period of exploration that coincides with a depreciation in the price as the investors/innovators of the previous cycle are rewarded and the newcomers are forced to prove themselves worthy of the next cycle .  
In short, the hype cycle allows for both the necessary amounts of deflation and inflation to make this kind of free market monetary system grow organically. If we only had deflation everyone would just horde, innovation would cease, and the very promises that was making the currency appreciate would fail to materialize. 
In many ways, this is precisely the problem with the US stock market right now. It is guaranteed to go up with little downside risk, and while the economy on paper seems to be growing due to this effect, the coinciding real economy is shriveling. Everyone is using cheap borrowed money to pump up stock prices without sufficient real underlying growth. At some point it will be realized that it can't go up forever without something more real to justify this movement and it will crash. The same would happen to a Bitcoin which had a constantly appreciating price without any downside risks. No one would innovate, they would just invest in the currency. Basically, the biggest movements in innovation we have seen around Bitcoin seem to have occurred after the price collapse, after the point where people realized we couldn't just magically hope the price would go up in some kind of ponzi-like fashion without further innovation. 
Yet it is also true that investment needs to be rewarded quite seriously for the system to grow. So while the overall trend must be dramatically deflationary as a currency grows, the increase in price should occur dramatically in intervals rather than smoothly overtime. We call these intervals "bubbles" implying that they are unnatural, but in the case of cryptocurrencies they are likely just the opposite.  
@_date: 2016-04-05 00:45:47




A settlement system is money.
@_date: 2016-04-17 04:05:10


The idea that blockchain tech to simply going replace existing banking infrastructure and everything else is going to remain the same runs into the same conceptual error we see over and over and over again, the error that gave rise to the Bitcoin Civil War. That is, the idea that Bitcoin is essentially a payment network. 
Bitcoin is not a payment network, it's money, and its value comes from the public nature of its blockchain which cannot be recreated by private institutions that wish to create blockchains that don't function as monetary systems. Understanding why a global, decentralized, permission-less monetary system is intrinsically valuable is difficult for many people because most of us have never bothered to try to understand what money even is, never mind try to wrap our heads around an entirely new technological form of money. But once you understand that blockchains are the invention of digital money (as opposed to digital credit) eventually it dawns on you that as great as private blockchains can be, and will be, they can't replace what Bitcoin does, which is to establish the world's first, immutable, global financial infrastructure. 
I can imagine a future in which eventually all the banks, potentially the entire global financial system, will someone hinge on Bitcoin, if not run directly "on top" of it. This process is not going to happen overnight, it will happen very organically, it is happening. The three necessary stages we are currently going through are 1) the phase in which the legacy system familiarizes itself with the tech and 2) the ever consistent trend of Bitcoin proving it is here to stay and that it is a fundamentally trustworthy system and 3) the continued expansion of the Bitcoin tech. These things are far more valuable toward the long term success of the system than some trendy nonsense like people all over the world all of a sudden ditching their credit cards because buying coffee with bitcoin is easier. 
@_date: 2016-04-21 01:29:45
Selling at a lower price isn't the issue. The issue is that Amazon controls the website, so it is relatively trivial for them to bury their competitor's product behind pages of search results -- or whatever method they choose -- while highlighting their own. There is no way to really compete with that. The marketplace IS Amazon.com, and it isn't truly "free" because it is owned and controlled by Amazon. What customers see, where their attention goes, what is advertised, etc, is all controlled by Amazon who does not merely act as neutral overseer of the market, but as a principle seller in that market as well. 
It really isn't all that different than a government of a nation state. If that government decides to sell its own version of what your company is selling, it can very easily pass laws to give themselves advantages that make your company uncompetitive. That kind of power disrupts the free market, whether it is from governments or from a private corporation essentially acting as government over a market. Particularly if there is a deficit of competition and alternatives to that market. 
What is exciting is the prospect of a neutral online marketplace.  
@_date: 2016-04-29 15:40:22
Some people say that the anti-Coinbase sentiment on r/bitcoin is politically motivated because Brian Armstrong came strongly for big blocks and spoke extremely negatively against the core devs. 
In my view, if that is the case it only reinforces my conviction that r/bitcoin is on the right side. Bitcoin is about monetary freedom, direct peer-to-peer exchange, and decentralized power. Coinbase is diametrically opposed to all these, it is about surveillance and censorship over what you can do with your money. It is about third-party control over your money. It is about centralized power, and this is particularly reinforced by their endorsement of big blocks and the centralization pressures that would come with that. Put simply, Coinbase is about turning Bitcoin into fiat money, and while all fiat exchanges suffer from this pressure, Coinbase embraces it with evil pleasure. I think many in the community were willing to overlook the faults of Coinbase as par for the course when dealing with the legacy system and government. But when they came out so ferociously against the core devs I think it shook everyone up and made us wonder, appropriately so, what this company is really all about. 
MtGox was vital to Bitcoin's early adoption, it was a necessary evil. But make no mistake, it was evil, and the same is absolutely true of Coinbase. This necessary evil that Coinbase represents becomes addictive because of how easy it is to use, that is what draws in so many users who otherwise would be too intimidated by bitcoin. But just like MtGox which gave Bitcoin a very tarnished reputation, Coinbase has been slowly and surely corrupting the very soul of Bitcoin by hooking users into an addiction to the very things Bitcoin is designed to free us from and eroding Bitcoin's fungibility. I genuinely consider Coinbase to be one of the greatest threats to Bitcoin's long term success, and the threat is only larger precisely because of the crucial role they play in Bitcoin's early adoption. This is, again, no different than how MtGox was a threat to Bitcoin's long term success and its collapse set bitcoin back significantly. We as a community need to wean ourselves off of this addiction and promote, encourage, and help finance those companies and DAOs that offer fiat exchange services in ways that don't undermine bitcoin's basic integrity. 
@_date: 2018-01-30 19:58:55


Let's assume that the initial $1,000 is the bank's own money deposited at the Federal Reserve and let's assume this is all they have. Now a customer comes in and says, "I would like a loan for $9,000." Well, the bank can't oblige because they don't have $9,000, right?
Wrong. The bank need only set up a checking account for the customer and credit that account $9,000 with a few key strokes. This $9,000 becomes the bank's liability, but the balance sheet remains balanced because the money the customer now owes the bank, along with interest, acts as an asset of equal worth to the liability. 
The bank is able to make this loan because the reserve requirement is 10% of deposits--of which the bank now just added $9,000--not 10% of its total capital. So the OP isn't really off base. 
Now let's say the borrower uses the money to pay person B and person B deposits that money in another bank. This second bank, bank B, now credits person B's account with $9,000 which represents a liability for bank B. But this liability is balanced by the fact that bank A now owes bank B $9,000. Presumably this money must come from bank A's reserves, right? 
No, not really. Bank B merely opens an account with bank A and bank A debits person A's checking account for $9,000 and credits bank B's checking account for $9,000. Total deposits at bank A remain at $9,000 and so they remain compliant with the reserve ratio requirement. 
Now let's say person C walks into bank A and asks for a $11,000 loan. Bank A must turn person C away because they don't have enough reserves to cover the reserve ratio, right?
No, of course not. Bank A need merely go to the Federal Reserve and ask for an additional loan of $1,000 to cover their new reserve requirements. 
Ultimately, what determines how much lending bank A will do comes down to how much demand there is for loans from the public (i.e., what interest rates the public is willing to pay) and how expensive it is to borrow from the Fed. This is why reserve requirements in modern banking are mostly symbolic and have no real practical effect. It is precisely why the UK did away with reserve requirements entirely. To quote the Bank of England:


determines the quantity of loans and deposits in the
economy by controlling the quantity of central bank money
— the so-called ‘money multiplier’ approach. In that view,
central banks implement monetary policy by choosing a
quantity of reserves. And, because there is assumed to be a
constant ratio of broad money to base money, these reserves
are then ‘multiplied up’ to a much greater change in bank loans and deposits. For the theory to hold, the amount of
reserves must be a binding constraint on lending, and the
central bank must directly determine the amount of reserves.
While the money multiplier theory can be a useful way of
introducing money and banking in economic textbooks, it is
not an accurate description of how money is created in reality.
Rather than controlling the quantity of reserves, central banks
today typically implement monetary policy by setting the
price of reserves — that is, interest rates.


nor does the central bank fix the amount of reserves that are
available. As with the relationship between deposits and
loans, the relationship between reserves and loans typically
operates in the reverse way to that described in some
economics textbooks. Banks first decide how much to lend
depending on the profitable lending opportunities available to
them ... which is then, in normal times, supplied on demand by the Bank of
England. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 18:35:59
Here's the deal: If everyone were using nothing but segwit addresses, and legacy addresses simply were no longer being used, we would effectively have a 2-3x blocksize increase. Segwit is most definitely a blocksize increase, blocks can now be larger than 1 mb in size. 
However, if everyone remains using legacy addresses, the max block size is 1 mb. 
So the block size increase is proportional to whatever percent of the community uses segwit addresses to make transactions versus legacy addresses. 
If we were to hard fork in order to increase the max block size for legacy addresses, we would immediately alleviate the network congestion, but we would also dis-incentivize upgrading to segwit.
On the other hand, one of the largest problems with segwit is precisely the fact that it doesn't immediately alleviate high fees for existing addresses and consequently there are a huge number of addresses that simply cannot send their bitcoin because the fees are larger than the amount stored in those addresses. In fact, some speculate that some businesses, including Coinbase, may have countless such addresses, and without a dramatic decrease in fees, their money is essentially lost to them. They have no way of transferring these addresses to segwit addresses precisely because they cannot move their money in the first place. 
What is needed is some way to force, or inspire, everyone to upgrade, while also allowing legacy addresses that commit to upgrading a pass on fees. That is, any legacy address that sends to a segwit address would be permitted to ignore the block size limit entirely, but segwit addresses would no longer be permitted to spend to legacy addresses at all. This is the kind of thing that we need to get all of the unspendable legacy addresses cleared out, rapidly move us toward a complete block size increase upgrade, and commit the system to segwit. Unfortunately, if something like this is even possible at a technical level, it would likely require a hard fork. 
But I think in the current climate, with the severity of the fees as they are, the community would welcome a hard fork aimed at fixing these problems. 
 
@_date: 2018-01-30 20:17:33


Bank deposits are bank liabilities. These liabilities must be balanced with some assets of equal or greater worth. So, for example, if someone deposits a thousand dollars in cash with the bank, the deposit represents the liability which the bank pays interest on, while the cash represents an asset which balances the liability from the deposit. 
Likewise, another example is when a bank makes a loan. In such a case, the new money deposited into the borrowers checking account represents the bank's liability, while the borrowers debt represents the bank's asset. 
You are correct in saying that the reserve requirement applies to bank deposits, but the confusion people are having is in not understanding that *every time a bank makes a loan it also creates a corresponding deposit.* 
So if the bank begins with $1,000 in bank reserves, it can lend up to $10,000---assuming the reserve ratio is 10%---because it can create a deposit of that amount and since $1,000 represents 10% of $10,000, they have complied with the reserve ratio. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 05:03:28


This, a million times this. The US tax laws are truly a threat to crypto. 
@_date: 2018-01-04 07:58:50
It sounds like transaction never confirmed (too low of a fee, a problem everyone is unfortunately forced to deal with at the moment) and may have been dropped from the mempool. Just go back to your Bread wallet and resend it. 
@_date: 2018-01-27 08:17:39
You've gotta love how Wall Street sells this stuff: "We will regulate, make bitcoin not wild, nor wilder. We'll tame it." -- Leo Melamed, CME group.
@_date: 2018-01-02 18:50:41
Fair points. 
However, it is worth considering that bitcoin is money -- a kind of super-money the likes the world has never seen before, yet money nonetheless -- and the fundamental utility of money is to provide liquidity to economic systems. Investment in bitcoin and rising price increases its liquidity, and as such acts as a self-fulfilling prophetic cycle. If price never got ahead of actual adoption, actual adoption would never occur, because it is the increasing price and market depth that strengthens the liquidity of the system which, in turn, inspires further adoption. 
Liquidity is money's primary purpose, the same way video is a television's or travel is an airplane's, the same way security/power is the purpose of a gun, or comfort is the purpose of air conditioning. Money is a technology and the purpose of that technology is to provide the oil for economic activity, if you will.
There can be no doubt that this is why bitcoin is in such a precarious state today with its scaling issues, for high fees intrinsically dampen liquidity which weakens bitcoin's main value proposition as money. Most certainly the markets have this already priced this consideration in to a large degree.
However, liquidity is also determined by the strength of the markets behind a coin. The higher the price and the larger the volume, the more liquid the markets become and the more easily large amounts can be "cashed out" on demand. Bitcoin can be used and accepted for very large value transactions, and this is a direct consequence of the large market cap and deep liquidity. It is very easy to move millions of dollars of value using bitcoin today -- far easier than the vast majority of currencies on the planet. Person A can send person B a million dollars in bitcoin in seconds with next to no friction, and person B is willing to accept payment knowing how easily they can convert bitcoin into other assets. 
Put simply, while bitcoin struggles with low value transactions, for high value transactions there has never been a more incredible system. And for a global digital currency, the ability to create that kind of liquidity for high value transfers is a far more important to its liquidity utility than something like physical cash where only low value transfers have any degree of liquidity (one reason cash is dying out). 
When you have that kind of high degree of liquidity for large value transfers, it becomes very easy to eventually translate that into high liquidity for low value transfers simply by aggregating low value transactions into high value transactions, which is how the banking system works and how 2nd layer protocols on Bitcoin will work. 
But the bottom line is that all of this is only possible because of price speculation develops a robust liquidity infrastructure. Price speculation isn't anticipating a future in which bitcoin is broadly adopted, price speculation is literally creating that future. Investing in bitcoin is not simply a speculative game in which one hopes the technology will improve, investing in bitcoin is literally creating the liquidity infrastructure for bitcoin which is the most important part of its technology. 
So, when we talk about bitcoin being in a bubble because of the perceived price disparity between the speculative value and fundamentals, we have to remember that the fundamentals themselves strengthen as a direct result of price speculation and the growing trade infrastructure. The fundamentals of Bitcoin are themselves inseparable from the speculation, robust speculation and the creation of deep markets is at the very heart of this becoming a world currency. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 05:03:37
That's like arguing the Yuan isn't real money since, in the United States, you can't use it and almost nobody accepts it. In the cryptoeconomy, virtually everyone accepts bitcoin. On the other hand, very few projects or ICOs in the cryptoeconomy accept national currency.  
@_date: 2018-01-31 10:15:46
Banks don't lend out existing money. They create bank credit and lend that out. Of course, they require reserves for liquidity purposes, but they don't intrinsically require reserves to make loans--which is why some countries have no reserve requirements at all and their banking systems work nonetheless. 
In your scenario, you are imagining that they are taking $900 of the $1000 they have and giving it to someone else as a loan. The reality, however, is that the $1,000 never leaves their vault. If banks could only lend out money they actually have, fractional reserve lending wouldn't even be possible, never mind the way the modern banking system works. The way banking works is that commercial banks create money when they make loans, this is why the money supply expands through lending. 
It is precisely because the money never leaves the vault that they still have $1,000 in reserves. $1,000 is clearly more than 10% of $900. 
What is happening when a bank lends money is the bank is creating an IOU that it gives to the borrower. It isn't lending existing money, it is lending IOUs that are redeemable for existing money. It requires reserves in case anyone cares to redeem those IOUs, but in the current monetary system, bank IOUs are considered money, so it is quite infrequent when people or other banks demand actual settlement in cash or reserve currency. But it does happen, so banks have to have a certain amount of reserve currency (i.e., base money) at all times. The reserve requirement is just a formal law that mandates they have 10% (in some countries) of the sum of their deposits as reserve currency, but even without this law they would probably still have about that much as reserves anyway, so the law is just a formality. This is precisely why the UK did away with the reserve requirement altogether, because it really doesn't mean that much in modern banking.
So banks are required to have a certain amount of liquidity. That's all the reserve requirement really is. It doesn't really constrain how much lending they can do, it just means if they intend to do more lending they need to hold a larger amount in base currency for liquidity purposes, which they can always borrow from the Fed if needs be. 
 
@_date: 2018-01-15 17:45:04
You hear this often said, "the dollar is backed by guns," but what does this even mean? 
The truth is that the US dollar has value simply because it is required in order to buy goods and services--and otherwise engage in economic activity--in and with the United States. It is also required to pay US taxes. Because engaging in economic activity in and with the United States is intrinsically valuable, so to speak, a money that is required in order to do so becomes valuable. It really is just that simple. 
Now if at some point the US dollar were not required for these things, and instead was entirely optional and had to compete with other monies for the uses currently monopolized by it---i.e., paying for goods and services in the United States---then how exactly would tanks and missiles prevent it from going to zero?
Under a scenario where the citizens of the United States no longer needed to use US dollars to pay for things because they could do so using alternative currencies, at that point the currency has absolutely nothing backing it---short of, perhaps, the recyclable value of the paper out of which it is made---and its value becomes entirely dependent on people's faith in its sustained value. This isn't to say its value would immediately go to zero, only that it would have nothing backing it. 
So what changes, exactly, under a scenario where the US dollar is no longer required, and what does that tell us about what currently "backs" the currency?
What changes is the law. And this is what we mean when we say, "The US dollar is backed by guns." What we really should say is that it is backed by the law---but to the extent that the law itself is backed by guns, it is fair to say the dollar is also backed by guns. It is the law that forces people to use US dollars as a medium of exchange inside the US---or more exactly, it is the law that forces people to pay their taxes and the only currency accepted for tax payment is the US dollar. So the law forces citizens to use US dollars, even if they wish not to, and by forcing them to use it this law guarantees that the dollar has value. 
But, having said that, this in no way guarantees that the US dollar won't continue to lose value or that it couldn't lose value quite dramatically. All this "backing" does is guarantee that the dollar will always have at least some value as long as the US government exists, continues to be able to enforce law, and mandates the use of the US dollar. In countries where there is serious doubt about the lifespan of the government, it becomes very clear how flimsy national currency can be, because ultimately a national currency is being backed by its government. 
So, what fundamentally backs any given currency---particularly in the modern age---is that that currency is required for some economic purpose, and to the extent that there is demand for that economic purpose, the currency will have value. So long as the currency associated with that economic purpose is required, that requirement "backs" the currency. World of Warcraft gold, for instance, has value because it is required to engage in economic activity inside the game (you can't use US dollars inside the game). The US dollar has value because it is required to pay US taxes and to engage in economic activity inside the US.
Cryptocurrencies are platforms. They are platforms that create security layers for an infinite range of other value-related services. To use those other services---services that simply could not exist without the security layer of a base cryptocurrency (i.e., blockchain)---one is required to use the base cryptocurrency. The more services depend on the base currency, and the more valuable those services become to society, the more real value the base currency achieves for itself. In other words, cryptocurrencies are backed by the security layer they provide (i.e., the blockchain), which in turn is backed by the services it secures. It is no different than how the US dollar is backed by the US government and the security it provides, which in turn is backed by the economic prosperity of the American people who provide their government with its power and depend on their government for its security. 
We are in a very early stage of the history of cryptocurrencies. Decades from now, no one will ask where their intrinsic value comes from, or what they are backed by, because the amount of societal good that will depend upon the security, immutability, and guaranteed trust of these underlying blockchains will be staggering. Because blockchain security is inseparable from that blockchain's respective currency, the value of cryptocurrencies will seem as natural as the value of national currencies today. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 03:35:30
Yes, but A, B, and C + D is more robust and by definition more liquid than A, B, and C alone. 
You made the initial argument against my claim that the network must be robust in order to achieve the requisite liquidity to perform well by pointing out that with just three nodes, liquidity can be achieved. This implies that you think three nodes are sufficient for the entire network, and that any additional nodes are essentially pointless. That may not have been the intent of your argument, but it was the logic of it. 
Now you are saying we need multiple channels and redundancies and admitting that three nodes isn't sufficient. So why are you arguing with me, exactly?
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:08:40


Debt and credit are just two sides of the same thing. Credit is just a form of money, and really all fiat money is a form of credit. So in the fiat system, debt and money are really more or less inseparable and one could even go so far as to say they are really just two sides of the same thing. 
Completely contrary to the example you gave with borrowing bitcoin, with fiat money all money is created through lending, so if someone borrows your 200 btc equivalent in US dollars (roughly 3 million USD), the moment they do so the bank would credit your account 3 million dollars. They are doing nothing more than giving you credit, but you will then use that credit to pay for things which puts more money into circulation. 
So, fiat money is essentially the debt of the banking system. Money in your bank account is actually bank credit. It is a promise to pay you X amount of money upon demand by the bank. So bank deposits really represent money the bank owes you, i.e., bank deposits represent debt for banks, and like with most debt, it usually involves paying interest. Anyone is free to create debt by simply borrowing, and so are banks. The difference, however, is that we use the banks' debt as our money. 
That is, *fiat money -- what you and I use for our daily living -- IS bank debt.* So the idea that debt is nothing but a promise of future economic activity with no value in itself is really quite off the mark.
And, of course, the same applies to the base currency, i.e., physical cash and central bank reserves. When central banks create money and move it into circulation, they do so by exchanging it for some other asset, usually government debt. (Since 2008 central banks began buying private debt as well, and some central banks are now apparently buying other financial assets, such as stocks, as well -- which is troubling. But before the financial crisis central banks basically restricted themselves to buying government bonds.) In other words, *central banks lend new money into existence.* In very over simplified terms, they print money and lend it to the government.   
So debt is actually the foundation of the entire fiat money system.
@_date: 2018-01-22 07:49:55
2nd layer payment networks like Lightning really need to be robust in order to achieve the requisite liquidity to perform well. Unlike a simple blockchain which can more or less function out of the box, bootstrapping a 2nd layer network will be very difficult to achieve for new projects that lack enough adoption to create a liquid payment channel network of their own. Consequently, once everyone realizes that 2nd layers are the future and all the hype moves there, the era of a new blockchain project being created every other week will end as it becomes quickly apparent that a blockchain without a 2nd layer network is handicapped. At that point, the high liquidity blockchains---the ones capable of having robust 2nd layer networks---will essentially get locked in.   
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:12:19
Yes, but what happens if node B goes offline? The network requires more routes to C so that if B goes offline, A can still reach C without hassle. This is, in part, what is meant by "liquidity." 
Crypto payment networks become more awesome the more of a network effect they have.
@_date: 2018-01-28 09:10:28
Can you imagine what it must be like to simply wake up one day and discover you accidentally had seven million dollars?
Gold is literally raining from the skies. 
@_date: 2019-07-28 16:08:58
Crypto should be treated as currency, there is no doubt about that, and I expect this will happen one day. But it likely won't happen for decades, particularly in the larger countries like the US.  
Until then, we have to hope that the government doesn't attempt to use tax laws to kill the industry. Already the existing tax laws are severely punishing and discouraging the use of crypto, but things could get even worse if people like Mnuchin are setting the course. 
The fact is is that we are still in the early days, and as such there are going to be a lot of difficulties and casualties associated with the old guard and the legacy system's refusal to change. Eventually, we will get to a brighter world, but it is not going to be a walk in the park.
@_date: 2018-01-04 08:30:03
Bitcoin isn't usable at the moment for low value transactions, it's one reason every altcoin claiming to have massive scaling advantages is pumping so hard. Bitcoin desperately needs to scale . . . and it will. 
How far down the fees will come for on chain transactions once segwit is fully adopted, we get a block size increase, and 2nd layers alleviate demand for on chain transactions is anyone's guess. However, on chain transactions are inherently designed to be expensive for low value transactions because they are priced by the amount of data included in a transaction, not the amount of bitcoin being sent. So sending $1 worth of bitcoin is just as expensive as sending a million dollars worth of bitcoin. The relative cost of fees goes up the lower value the transaction is. Because of this, even if there were plenty of block space -- and there isn't -- microtransactions would never really be a possibility on chain. 
But with 2nd layer payment networks like Lightning, transaction fees become based on a percentage of the amount of bitcoin being sent, rather than the amount of data in the transaction. So, if fees amount to 0.5% -- that's a guess of what the actual fees will end up looking like --  that means the fees for low value transactions become substantially less than high value transactions, and transactions of any size, no matter how minute the value being sent, become possible. 
Depending on how much value is being transferred, at some point it becomes less expensive to transact on chain rather than on Lightning if you are making a high value transaction, and less expensive to send on Lightning versus on chain if you are making a low value transaction. 
For example, if a transaction on Lighting costs 0.5% and you want to send $100,000 worth of bitcoin, the fee would cost you $500, whereas sending that amount on chain would cost $15 (which is .015%) if the current fee levels are maintained (and hopefully they will come down). So large value transactions will favor on chain versus 2nd layers.
On the other hand, if you wanted to send $1 worth of bitcoin, an on chain transaction costing $15 would be ridiculous. But at 0.5%, a lightning transaction would cost you half a penny. So for low value transactions, lightning and 2nd layer payment networks will be radically cheaper.    
@_date: 2018-01-09 08:46:42
Not all data in a bitcoin transaction is equally taxing on the network, and since one is essentially paying to add their data burden to the network when they make a transaction, it is important that the protocol charge less for data that doesn't burden the network much, and more for data that does. 
 
An analogy: in a software program, data that needs to be stored in RAM so that it can be immediately accessed upon demand is inherently more important at a given point in time, so to speak, than data that is fine just being in the background on the hard drive. It would be nice if all data could be stored in RAM, but hardware limitations require us to treat some data as more important than other data. All data is not equally essential at any given point in time.  
In bitcoin, UTXO data -- that is, the database of all unspent transactions -- is like data that needs to be stored in RAM in a software program, it needs to be quickly accessed and modified; whereas witness data is like data that can be stored on your hard drive in the background. The later is inherently "lighter," if you will, in terms of its impact taxing the network, and therefore economically less expensive.  
Because signature data is less taxing on the network than data that impacts the UTXO set size, it SHOULD cost less. Not all data weighs down the network the same, and therefore not all data should be treated as equally expensive. 
So this is not an artificial "protocol" rule, this is the actual economics of the system. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 23:08:14
The majority of money isn't created by central banks. Seems your reading comprehension could use some improving. 
@_date: 2018-01-28 09:30:42
And the Bitcoin civil war closes with a whimper. 
@_date: 2019-07-14 17:22:25
Watch him going down the rabbit hole in real time:
@_date: 2018-01-31 10:44:05
If your scenario were true, no new money would be created, because banks would simply be lending out money that already exists. So how would the total money supply increase 9x from the initial money? 
The reason the money increases 9x is because banks lend out money that doesn't exist, they create new money. This is only made possible by having, essentially, two forms of money: Federal Reserve credit (i.e., "currency") and commercial bank credit. The latter is an IOU for the former. And because of that, banks can lend out more IOUs than base currency exists, exactly the same way banks used to issue more banknotes than there was gold backing them. 
But this doesn't mean that a bank with $1,000 in reserves can only lend out $900. This confusion comes from thinking that banks lend base currency. They only do that to one another on very short term basis. The majority of what they lend are IOUs for reserves, which means they can produce more IOUs than reserves exist. The initial bank can create a loan of $9,000 if it wants, as long as they meet the reserve requirement of having at least 10% of their IOUs backed by base currency. 
And what's more, since base currency in a fiat system is itself a form of credit, it can be lent out on demand to commercial banks that require it, so banks never run out of reserves and therefore can always lend as much as they want. 
@_date: 2019-07-01 19:52:16
August 15, 2019 -- $11,200
@_date: 2019-07-13 18:43:14
The whole purpose of currency backing is to guarantee a currency's utility and scarcity. But if the scarcity and utility is already guaranteed by the network, backing is redundant.
The reality, however, is that the bitcoin network in and of itself is not capable of guaranteeing its utility and scarcity due to the possibility of 51% attacks. It requires that the network be backed by capital in order to make such attacks prohibitively expensive. In this sense, bitcoin is actually backed, and every block that is mined adds to the amount of capital that is backing the network (i.e., it becomes more and more expensive to unwind the blockchain).
Bitcoin is backed by capital, a particular type of capital known as "proof-of-work" which is an unfamiliar asset to most people---even people within the crypto space are reluctant to recognize PoW as an asset---and this gives rise to the mistaken belief that bitcoin isn't backed by capital.
Proof of work is a form of capital that is traded exclusively between machines which makes it difficult for people to recognize it as a form of capital. Only computers can produce it in any meaningful amounts, and it requires energy to produce, it cannot be produced in any other way. It is valuable precisely because it proves definitively, without any possibility of being faked or forged, that energy was used. This is the fundamental utility of proof-of-work, it permits capital to be transferred between machines and is the first form of absolute digital scarcity the world has ever known.
Proof of stake systems are backed with a form of capital that can be printed out of thin air. Even bitcoin itself is a form of digital capital that is printed out of thin air. It is a currency, all currencies are printed out of thin air. However, *proof-of-work is a form of digital capital that has no possible way of being printed out of thin air. Therefore, PoW blockchains are the only blockchains that are backed by absolute scarcity.*
It is the fact that bitcoin is backed by absolute scarcity that guarantees that the token, which is printed out of thin air, remains scarce. It takes 10 minutes to mine a single block with the massive power of the bitcoin mining industry because of the amount of proof-of-work backing the system. Those same miners, directed at another crypto without that backing, could annhilate that coin's blockchain in minutes and steal all of the coins for themselves. Bitcoin's backing guarantees its scarcity, not unlike the way a fiat currency printed out of thin air has its scarcity guaranteed by backing it with gold.
So, it is fine to say, "bitcoin is backed by math," or "bitcoin doesn't require being backed because of its scarcity and utility," as those statements are partially true and easier for the public to digest. But the truth is more nuanced than that. Bitcoin is most definitely backed, it is backed by billions of dollars worth of proof-of-work.
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:20:03
Look, let's face it, the current US tax laws concerning bitcoin and crypto were simply the IRS's patchwork attempt to have something in place until the day comes when legislators can actually pass bills that specifically deal with cryptocurrency. Treating crypto as property makes no sense -- these are an entirely new type of asset class with currency-like properties meant to be used as mediums of exchange, simply treating them like stocks or bonds or other traditional assets that require third party custodians makes little sense. But unless they were to not tax crypto at all, absent anything from congress they needed to fit existing laws to this new paradigm, and the property definition was best they could do. And the property definition works, up to a point. That point is precisely the gray area of crypto-to-crypto exchange. 
But precisely because they are applying an old definition to a new technology -- a bit like applying horse and carriage laws to the automobile when it first arrived simply because no new laws designed for that nascent technology yet existed -- how they will interpret this like-kind treatment is a bit up for grabs. It's a bit like a law that requires you keep your horse tethered when not saddled being applied to new automobile owners who would naturally seek to find loopholes in the law that is quite ridiculous when applied to cars. Perhaps such a loophole would be the subsection that states "unless the horse is dead." And it isn't clear how much energy the government would spend combating such loopholes. 
How concerned will the US government be over the use of like-kind treatment of crypto-to-crypto trades is not entirely clear, as long as the taxpayer is paying taxes on actual cashing out to US dollars and declaring their like-kind trades. They may care, or they may not have strong enough opinion lacking guidance from lawmakers in Washington. 
Ultimately, tax laws are not strictly about earning revenue for the government. They are equally about directing the priorities of the society. When government wishes to encourage certain behaviors or industries in society they ease taxes, when they wish to discourage them they strengthen the tax burden. It is possible that the US government will choose to strengthen the tax burden on crypto users -- perhaps it is even probable -- but without congress explicitly setting that agenda it really isn't up to the IRS to set the agenda for them. The IRS's job is simply to enforce the laws. Since the laws being applied to crypto, however, were never really designed specifically for crypto, the degree to which they will go to enforce the gray areas is, again, questionable. We don't really know.
What I do know is a year ago, tax experts told me that crypto-to-crypto trades were probably not taxable events in the United States. Now they are saying the opposite. What has shifted? What has shifted is that a year ago, crypto was still just make-pretend money to them, no more taxable than selling loot for gold in World of Warcraft -- which theoretically could very well become a taxable event in the future as the world slowly moves to realize that digital assets, including video game items, have value. Now they are of the opinion that crypto is a speculative asset, so treating it like stocks makes perfect sense to them. Except anyone who thinks crypto is merely a speculative asset is still years away from really understanding what it is, and so their insights today seem just as clueless as their insights a year ago. Except, it is clear that the IRS is likely made up of individuals who probably share their sentiments and suppose treating crypto like property is a very clean and simple solution. It's not.
We need crypto specific laws in all countries, but I fear governments are far too apprehensive and ignorant of the technology at this stage to pass anything helpful. It won't be until big institutional players begin to rely on crypto that laws concerning it will turn favorable, which is why the CME futures is so very promising. But for years we may face difficulty as crypto adopters, and it is all made worse not only by the lack of clarity from government, but the fact that we don't know how hostile or friendly the government intends to become.    
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:25:11


Yes. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:09:05
People who look at early bitcoin investors and see luck today are the same people who yesterday looked at early bitcoin investors and saw fools. They reflect upon how their own intelligence failed to anticipate the rise of bitcoin and conclude not that they missed something fundamental, but rather that no one can predict the future. If you are thinking in terms of luck, you will not be among the bitcoin millionaires of tomorrow. 
People who have became rich from bitcoin were people like the [guy in this video]( The video is obviously making light fun of bitcoiners -- and [part 2]( is an excellent watch as well btw -- but the amount of enthusiasm he portrays of the true bitcoin fanatic is actually quite accurate. These are the people who have gotten rich, because only these were the people who were not deterred by the technical difficulty of bitcoin, only these were the people who accumulated as much as they could, only these were the people who weren't shaken out by the bear markets, the FUD, the endless drama, and only these were the people who didn't sell prematurely the moment they saw slight gains. 
In other words, only the true fanatic who believed in the inevitability of bitcoin, who desired bitcoin more than fiat currency or as a vehicle for increasing his/her fiat, made it all the way to 12k. Everyone else either stayed away out of fear, skepticism, or lack of motivation to overcome the technical barriers; or got into bitcoin and sold because at some point their fiat gains outweighed their faith in the cryptocurrency's long term prospects. A smaller minority either got very lucky (e.g., mined bitcoin early on out of curiosity, forgot about it, then discovered they were millionaires years later) or very unlucky (had a bunch and lost it due to a hack, or Mt Gox, or lost hard drive, etc).
Yet somehow, following this massive appreciation in the price of bitcoin, those without bitcoin look upon the bitcoin rich and only see luck. They reflect upon their own situation, how they heard of bitcoin years ago and did nothing, and imagine that they could very likely have been among those who actually did do something. They imagine that what separates them from those who bought early was just a simple, tiny, decision. It doesn't work like that. 
Everyone this guy is talking to in this video are stereotypes of people who had the opportunity to buy, but didn't. Ask any seasoned bitcoiner and most will tell you that they all but screamed as loud as they could to everyone they cared about about bitcoin, until people ridiculed them into silence. I lost friends over bitcoin. What can you do? They didn't see it, I did. These people were not unlucky, they were never going to buy.
In my opinion, it is very easy to tell how wealthy you will become from bitcon and crypto in general. What applied then applies now. If you are enthusiastic and excited about crypto, you will become rich. If you aren't, you won't. It is a very simple formula, because the future of crypto is not going to be easy, and unless you have passion you will either conclude its too expensive, or run as soon as it gets hard and refuse to buy at lows because "bitcoin is dead." If you are excited, on the other hand, when things get hard you will only see the opportunity to buy more, [like this this guy](   
Right now we are in the first stage of a hype cycle. The reason the price gets ahead of itself, and likewise the reason the price will correct, is because large numbers of people who aren't fundamentally interested in crypto are piling on simply to make more fiat profits. These people will exit at some point because they simply do not believe in bitcoin at a fundamental level enough to hodl. 
But a lot of new people coming into the space do believe and are excited and that will carry them through the difficult periods while everyone is bailing on bitcoin, trolling hodlers, and fear overtakes the markets. Then, when the next bull market shocks the world, and the newcomers of today are the crypto millionaires of tomorrow, the world will turn and say, "they got lucky."
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:04:25
If I have Google stock and want to trade against Cisco, I must first convert the Google stock to USD creating a taxable event. I then purchase the Cisco stock with that USD and once again have a taxable event once I move back to USD and then into Google. In order to buy one or the other, one must constantly convert back and forth to USD.
Now, if I purchase something with bitcoin, the IRS is pretending that I cashed out first to USD and then used the USD to purchase whatever it is that I bought. The reality is, however, that I never used USD whatsoever and never required it. 
The issue here isn't what the IRS thinks or will do or how they will interpret the law. The issue is that the current laws are a threat to cryptocurrency use as money. 
Within the cryptoeconomy, everything is being measured in bitcoin. Other cryptos are being priced in bitcoin and rise and fall in relative tandem with it. The cryptoeconomy is essentially like a sovereign state, where everything in that country is measured in the national currency. Within the country, the relative pricing of goods and services is unaffected by the currency's value against foreign currencies. A loaf of bread may cost $10, for instance, regardless of whether the USD has risen or fallen against the British pound. The same principle applies with bitcoin. The price of bitcoin relative to an altcoin like Ethereum remains based on the two currencies' relative position, and this relation is more or less indifferent to the value of outside currencies (like the USD). If Ethereum costs 0.036 bitcoin, it will still more or less cost 0.036 bitcoin even if bitcoin rises in USD terms. 
Consequently, taxing crypto use calculated in USD is like citizens of a sovereign country being taxed by a foreign state in the foreign state's currency based on relative changes in value between the currencies. So a person goes to buy a loaf of bread, only to be later told that the currency appreciated so much against the other just at the time they purchased that bread, but then latter collapsed in value, that the person now owes their life savings in taxes for having purchased that loaf of bread.  
@_date: 2017-12-12 08:11:13
The network involves an intrinsically scarce resource which is block space. This resource is intrinsically scarce in the same way that a boat has a load capacity. Go beyond that load capacity and the boat sinks. Likewise, go beyond a certain amount of data in the blockchain and the network sinks by losing its decentralization which is what gives it its security. Consequently, the amount of data that can be processed must remain limited and therefore users must compete over who gets to actually input data into the blockchain. 
Users compete by essentially paying the miners a bribe, which we call a "fee." It is worth noting that in the very early days when bitcoin was unpopular, transactions were free. And transactions would still be free if there weren't so many people trying to get through the door at once. Miners are like bouncers who have to decide who to let in first. Naturally, the best way to get the bouncer to let you in first is to pay him, and that's what we are doing when we pay transaction fees. If fees were based on a fixed percentage, low value transactions with correspondingly low fees would never get confirmed because miners would always favor the higher value transactions with their juicier fees. 
The blockchain is not designed for cheap low value transactions, it intrinsically favors high value transactions. This is because for high value transactions, the percentage the fee represents is small, whereas for low value transactions the fee quickly becomes a large percentage of the value of the transaction. That is, for high value transactions, fees are cheap, percentage wise. For low value transactions, on the other hand, they are expensive. 
So it is important to understand that the blockchain is a value transfer layer, and as a value transfer layer it is by its nature designed to favor high value transfers over low value transfers. 
This is why the value transfer layer needs to be complemented by payment network layers built on top of it, like the Lightning Network. A payment network connected to the value network can handle millions of transactions essentially for free. This is because transactions on the payment network don't actually have to be included in blocks and therefore users aren't competing over a scarce resource. Payment networks are as fast and seamless as using virtual money in a video game, but they are backed by the blockchain which, unlike the video game, gives them veracity. A payment network without the blockchain would just be monopoly money, but with a blockchain the transactions become real much like credit card transactions are real because they are ultimately backed by, and settled in, paper money (or central bank reserves). 
The more payment networks come to be relied upon for small value transactions -- and the more people use them as opposed to trying to get every transaction into the blockchain directly -- the less people are fighting over the scarce resource known as block space, consequently the cheaper block space becomes. That is, payment networks not only offer a cheap way to transact for low value payments, but they also reduce the costs of high value transactions on the blockchain itself. 
Roger Ver's confusion -- along with many who agree with him -- is that he thinks of the blockchain as an efficient payment network. It's not. Just look at the electricity expenses that are going into making transactions on the blockchain possible. Right now the network is consuming as much energy as the country Ireland? All that energy is not being spent on making transactions cheap or fast -- additional mining power has a negligible effect on the speed of bitcoin as the protocol always seeks to maintain 10 minute confirmation times, and additional mining power has a negligible effect on the price of fees as that is determined most principally by the fact that there is a limited supply of block space. 
No. That energy is being spent entirely on **securing** the network. The blockchain is about security first, not cheap payments. Cheap payments will come with Lightning and other such payment networks, but the purpose of the blockchain is first and foremost about securing a global public ledger.
What you want is the security layer to be secure, and the payment layer to be fast and cheap. The two combined (along with so much more) is what will eventually be considered Bitcoin (much like people ceased to differentiate the internet from the web). What you don't want is to try to use the security layer as the payment network so that it isn't secure. And since the blockchain, the security layer as it were, isn't particularly fast or cheap, any network that attempts to use the blockchain as a payment network to compete with networks specifically designed to be payment networks, like Lightning, will in the long run fail. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 16:32:28
So true. From the OP's perspective he did nothing but lose money. From the IRS's perspective, he gained money. This disconnect is due to the fact that crypto is being taxed in an extraneous currency, the USD. 
Bcash's value is almost entirely relative to bitcoin, not the USD. It is being measured against bitcoin. If it rests at 13% of bitcoin's value today, and drops to 10% tomorrow, none of that is dependent on the USD. 
In this sense, the cryptoeconomy -- i.e., crypto-to-crypto use/trade -- is like a sovereign state. In a sovereign state, the value of the national currency against goods and services within that country remains relatively stable, despite the fact that measured against the value of other countries' currencies the price fluctuates. The price of a loaf of bread in the US does not go up and down according to the value of the USD/GBP pair. 
Yet imagine if purchases in the US were being taxed on capital gains based on the dollar's relative worth against the GBP. This would be a very dangerous situation for dollar users, particularly if the dollar and pound were very volatile the way cryptocurrency is today. It makes no sense and would just create a tremendous amount of uncertainty for American consumers. It could even cripple the economy as consumers would be too fearful to make large purchases, and the British could manipulate their currency to damage the American economy. If the US dollar appreciated against the GBP the way bitcoin has, the buyer of a car or house could face tax bills they simply couldn't afford to pay. 
The idea of taxing the use of crypto to purchase goods and services that are priced in US dollars makes sense. If I buy a sofa with .01 bitcoin from bitcoin that cost me a fraction of its current worth in USDs, then that is a kind of cashing out to US dollars and therefore subject to capital gains. The sofa is $125, and that price remains fixed regardless of what bitcoin does. 
But if I purchase litecoin using bitcoin, the price of litecoin is entirely dependent on the price of bitcoin, not the USD. If bitcoin falls 50% tomorrow, litecoin will also fall. And if they fall enough, one could end up owing more in capital gains than they can even get by cashing out their crypto resulting in the complete loss of ones capital from one lousy trade. 
This means being a crypto trader in the US will require cashing out their tax liabilities into US dollars the very day trades are made in order to defend against this danger.
This problem could be avoided by making all crypto-to-crypto like-kind, a policy that is only likely to be implemented in a country that is actively trying to promote the cryptoeconomy, and it is highly doubtful the US falls in that category. 
   
 
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:02:31
[Satoshi Nakamoto, February 2nd, 2010](






@_date: 2017-12-08 05:48:32
This is how they are treating it. But unfortunately, it's inappropriate. Cryptos are mediums of exchange, stock's aren't, and the current tax laws will cripple the use of crypto in the US, making them a direct threat to cryptocurrency adoption. As people begin to realize this, steps will be made to promote ways of avoiding these onerous taxes -- more privacy features, decentralized exchanges, etc -- which will in turn make the government even more hostile, criminalizing anyone who uses crypto privately. We may even see China's level of hostility toward crypto in the US. It is hard to see this if you think crypto is just buying a speculative instrument on Coinbase and then selling it for a gain or loss, but once you begin to see how big crypto is, you can sense how taxing crypto use could ultimately be a spark that leads to fire.  
Taxes on cashing out are reasonable, who can deny that. Taxes on the use of crypto as currency -- specifically crypto-to-crypto exchange where suddenly you no longer can use bitcoin as a medium of exchange because the tax liabilities are crippling and the only safe thing for a US resident to do is hodl --  are perhaps the government's first step toward a declaration of war. 
Right now everyone senses how big crypto may be, and everyone is hopeful that the transition into a crypto friendly world will be smooth. But it could and likely will be extremely ugly for a time. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:38:38
He occasionally tweets out support for big blockers. He is definitely still in the background. A recent tweet from him right around the time BCH pumped and gave everyone a scare:


Of course, in terms of the scale of his influence, that is entirely pure speculation on my part. But the way Craig Wright was elevated in their community speaks volumes about how heavily Gavin's influence still weighs. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:50:39
Ultimately blockchains must be backed by capital, specifically digital capital. It is that capital that gives them their security. In proof of stake systems that capital comes from the token itself. In other words, the capital securing the network comes from within the system. Proof of stake systems are very similar to fiat systems in this regard. Fiat money, traditionally, is backed by debt denominated in the very fiat the debt is backing. Likewise, proof of stake security is being backed by the very capital the network is securing. 
In proof of work systems like Bitcoin, on the other hand, the capital securing the blockchain is external to the system itself. That is, energy expenditure translated into digital proof of that expenditure is not native to the network or its token. The capital backing the network's security is coming from outside the system. 
If you want the capital securing the network to come from outside the network itself, there is no known way of doing so short of proof-of-work. So the electricity consumption isn't at all "entirely artificial."  
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:06:12
The problem is you haven't actually made any US dollars until US dollars are in your account. If you bought 100 bitcoin at $100, sold it for litecoin at $1000, and then sold the litecoin back into bitcoin at the same price and then the bitcoin crashes to $100, what are you net profits? Zero. But you owe taxes on $90,000.
To defend against this type of scenario, one must simultaneously cash out what they will owe in taxes in order to defend against the volatility in the market. The USD is injecting itself into every transaction. Many newcomers are confused because they think crypto is about buying some on Coinbase, letting it sit, and then selling it. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 02:09:22
*Eventually at most only 21 million coins for 6.8 billion people in the world if it really gets huge.*
*But don't worry, there are another 6 decimal places that aren't shown, for a total of 8 decimal places internally.  It shows 1.00 but internally it's 1.00000000.  If there's massive deflation in the future, the software could show more decimal places.*
*If it gets tiresome working with small numbers, we could change where the display shows the decimal point.  Same amount of money, just different convention for where the ","'s and "."'s go.  e.g. moving the decimal place 3 places would mean if you had 1.00000 before, now it shows it as 1,000.00.*
-- Satoshi Nakamoto - Creator of Bitcoin - 02/06/2010
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:14:50
First we had the miners dragging their feet. Now we have the exchanges dragging their feet. Meanwhile everyone blames the Core developers! 
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:50:14
My understanding is that at one point Roger claimed to have 300,000 bitcoin. 
The problem is that he is so emotionally opposed to bitcoin now, it is becoming increasingly difficult for him to continue to hodl. I wouldn't be surprised if in a few years we find he has moved entirely into other assets. Whether Bitcoin left Roger, or Roger left Bitcoin, the problem is it is very difficult to have that much of your net worth invested in something you don't fundamentally believe in or support. Listening to the CNBC interview, it was clear he has become a full on bitcoin skeptic, which in my opinion makes sense because he never really had a deep understanding of bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:29:40
This was really remarkable to watch. The entire segment was one kid after another bringing in a new political downer each, until a picture of complete darkness and despair about the current state of the US was painted . . . and then in comes this little girl to end the opener on a note of hope and optimism and finishing her uplifting words by saying **she is going to invest in bitcoin.**
I don't care if this is comedy, SNL is an engine of culture. **Does anyone here not comprehend how massive this is???** For years bitcoin has been nothing but an "instrument for criminals and terrorists," and then suddenly it has become the very symbol of hope spoken from the innocent lips of a child (who symbolizes the new and the future)?!!!
This hype cycle is getting very real, very quick. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:04:24
When the big exchanges and wallet providers implement segwit, there will be roughly a doubling of capacity. So a block size increase could happen tomorrow. We don't exactly know why they are dragging their feet on this. Trezor implemented it extremely quickly. Their possible motives range from the benign to the nefarious. 
The problem is the Core developers can't recommend a block size increase to the community until AFTER segwit has been fully implemented, until after we have seen the effects of the segwit blocksize increase, because only then can they scientifically assess how much capacity is actually needed.
The burden at this point falls on the community and the exchanges/wallets. It makes no sense to implement a capacity increase when one is already on the table, the community just needs to activate it. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:08:44
The meaning is obvious: a bear market is coming. 
The "bitcoin penis" is her husband's powerful sexual performance during the bull run. The "goodbye bitcoin penis" refers to her sadness over losing such sexual enjoyment as the bear market drains her husband's penis of all confidence. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:12:40


You mean buying bitcoin without **using** it keeps them in the clear. Cryptocurrency **use** is being taxed -- potentially a very effective way for the US government to control its adoption -- and it is this that fundamentally breaks analogies to stocks and other traditional investments. You don't **use** stocks as a medium of exchange. You don't **use** gold bullion as a medium of exchange. Cryptocurrencies are currencies, and like fiat currencies they are simultaneously investments and mediums of exchange. The fact that they are being taxed as property is essentially the US government saying, "we don't want this to be used as money."
The MMT school argues that taxes are what fundamentally give fiat currencies their value, and it is easy to see the logic in their position now that we have crypto. Crypto is beginning to offer a way of bypassing the use of national currency and it is conceivable that, uninhibited by legal obstructions, living entirely off of crypto will be doable someday relatively soon. But it is the fact that taxes are only payable in national currency that keeps the value of that national currency safe. *Because taxes are payable only in the national currency, and because you can still be taxed even if you fail to earn any national currency, you are forced to use the national currency to the extent that you engage in economic activity at all, consequently the national currency always has value.* This is the meaning of the idea that fiat currencies are "backed" by guns. Because you are being forced to use them on threat of imprisonment. Even if you do nothing but transact your life through barter or bitcoin, the US government will still force you to pay taxes which then forces you to use the US dollar because the government will not accept payment in barter/bitcoin. 
Taxation, it would appear, is what fundamentally guarantees that national currencies have value.
But it is more than that. The US government can always print more US dollars (i.e., borrow from the Fed), so actually taxes can really be conceptualized as a way of controlling inflation. That is to say, taxation is a way of removing money from the economy so that the government can print new money that pays for government programs without dramatically increasing the money supply. 
So if there were no Federal taxes, not only would the US dollar not need to be used and therefore rapidly lose value, but money printing would ruin its value even further. Put simply, Federal taxes are almost entirely about the US dollar.
Right now we are seeing a dramatic appreciation of all varieties of assets against the US dollar. In essence, hyperinflation has already begun, not for the consumer, but for the wealthy. But what happens when this dramatic appreciation of value next to the US dollar is in a new asset class that can itself be used as money? What happens when it isn't just the wealthy who park their excess liquidity in investments, but the average consumer can simultaneously remain liquid and invested at the same time? What happens when businesses have a means of accepting investment assests as payment? What happens when the only time anyone needs to hold US dollars is no longer for liquidity, but for taxes? 
@_date: 2017-12-28 04:07:50


The different proof of work algorithm has always seemed like a relatively trivial difference, but since BCH, this minor difference has become quite significant. BCH competes with Bitcoin over the same infrastructure, and consequently the success of one potentially threatens the other. This ever looming threat weakens the security of both networks. By contrast, Litecoin has an entirely separate infrastructure, which allows it to have a complementary, non-competitive, stance toward Bitcoin. 
So, while Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash find themselves acting as competitors -- competing over the same cheap on-chain payments space -- one coin's success depends on the destruction of Bitcoin while the other's does not. In fact, if anything Litecoin's success seems dependent on the success of Bitcoin.
While Litecoin's differences from Bitcoin seem quite minor -- and the similarity to Bitcoin is something that helps define it --  those minor differences have translated into major differences from Bitcoin Cash, resulting in Litecoin standing as a coin who, contrary to everyone's expectations, is quickly shaping a very unique identity for itself.
Put differently, the way Bitcoin stands in contrast to Bitcoin Cash is quite different from the the way Litecoin stands in relation to Bitcoin Cash, this despite the fact that on the surface Litecoin would appear to be nothing but a Bitcoin clone.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:23:48
Bitcoin isn't just a currency. It is a network that is, and will be, increasingly depended on for uses far beyond money. Bitcoin is simply the currency one must have in order to use this network, but the network itself is more akin to a global, decentralized, corporation. Investing in bitcoin is NOT simply investing in a currency, it is investing in this "corporation" and as such, the idea that bitcoin, the currency, must be inflationary makes no more sense than saying the company Apple's stock would ideally perpetually go down in value. Bitcoin acts purely as a currency only within the Bitcoin network itself, but external that network, it acts simultaneously as an investment in the network. 
Base currencies, blockchains, like Bitcoin and Ethereum, allow for the creation of monies, or tokens, that ride on top, as it were, of these foundational, security focused global networks. Generally speaking, these tokens are created either to represent value participation in some project or company or community, or they form essential components of such projects' networks, and the range of their use cases is endless. 
Essentially, what is happening is the democratization of money creation. Anyone can now create their own currency, and this completely changes the game from the paradigm you are speaking of. 
The paradigm you are superimposing on bitcoin is one in which a nation restricts itself to a single currency. Anyone is free to print this currency, but only by going through its gate keepers (banks) and asking for a loan. If everyone could simply create national currency on their computer, the money would rapidly inflate into worthlessness. Consequently, the rate of currency creation is controlled top-down, first by central banks and then through commercial banks through lending and debt creation. 
In the national currency system, the supply of money must perpetually increase to keep pace with the amount of debt that has been created which always outweighs the amount of money in circulation because all money creation comes with corresponding debt plus interest. It is this mechanic of debt creation that keeps lending, theoretically, in pace with growth in the economy, since lenders are incentivized to lend only to those who can repay the loans. Inflation is intrinsically necessary in this system -- the fact that it encourages rich people not to hoard their cash is essentially a side effect. When you have a money that is fundamentally debt based, inflation is an intrinsic necessity to guarantee loans can be repaid. 
As a result of this debt-based, monopolistic currency, banking institutions are tasked with assessing the economic worth of individuals seeking to expand the money supply. That is, banks are tasked with gauging the growth of the economy and the relative need for liquidity, and they rule the 99% -- who I don't think will be lining up to defend them as you claim -- by monopolizing the power to determine who deserves new money and who does not. 
Right now, they have, apparently, determined that the rich deserve the money, and the average person does not, and this is reflected in the rapid appreciation of assets and the massive growth in the wealth gap between rich and poor. Again, I don't see the 99% lining up to defend this system.  
Under the crypto-economy, everyone is free to create their own money, it is the democratization of money creation. This power is no longer restricted to banks. Inflation is controlled not through interest rates applied to a single currency, but through the fact that each new money comes as a separate currency which must prove its relative worth. When you have a world with a plurality of monies, the need to control who can or cannot create currency is obviated, and free market determines the relative value of those respective currencies. If a new business wishes to raise money through an ICO, rather than going to a bank and asking for a loan, they add money to the cryptocurrency money supply, they add liquidity to the system -- and it is important to note that all cryptocurrencies, including Mom and Pop's, will be 100% liquid and exchangeable, not just the big ones --  but this does not create inflation in the traditional sense because they have effectively created a new currency whose value must be warranted on its own. The business, the project, must be deemed valuable by the broader public. Thus the crypto economy is constantly able to move money into investment and economic growth without the need for individual currencies, like bitcoin, to remain perpetually inflationary. 
Under this scenario, large cryptocurrencies like bitcoin will act as safe havens and stores of value, since these projects will no longer be seen as a risky investment. Too much of the global economy and its infrastructure will depend on them and their huge market caps will be too large for high volatility. But, consequently, the rate of appreciation to be expected from holding large cryptocurrencies like bitcoin will, like a blue chip stock, be less than a higher risk investment. Holding bitcoin will be a safe, but a low reward investment.
But make no mistake, Bitcoin is an investment. Its security, and consequently any project that depends on this security, is proportional to its value. The investor is helping to sustain that value. When identity and voting, stocks and bonds, proof of ownership and digital assets all take place on bitcoin's larger network, sustained investment in the network will be vital to the world's economy. This is why it is essential that the currency -- whose base value is that it permits the use of the network -- be deflationary and something people want to hold.
Cryptocurrency, or digital assets, changes the game for money. It opens the world up to a plurality of currencies, each one entirely liquid like traditional money, but simultaneously investments more akin to traditional financial assets, only available to the average person, and exchangeable between persons, in a way traditional assets were not. It allows for the creation of decentralized projects in which individuals can simultaneously invest, use, and be employed entirely on their own whim. In this world, the economic theories of the past concerning money will need to be completely readjusted. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:31:59
Under the Republican tax bill, it is FIFO. So if you want to sell an altcoin for USD, but no exchange accepts that altcoin, what must you do? You must first exchange that altcoin for bitcoin, then send the bitcoin to an exchange and sell that bitcoin for USD. In this scenario, you are just using bitcoin transactionally, but the moment you sell that bitcoin you are getting taxed on the capital gains on bitcoin you might have bought years ago, even though you weren't intending on selling any bitcoin (you were just using it as a medium of exchange to sell the altcoin). 
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:56:02
Well, it's possible your mother is just really in touch with Bitcoin history. Perhaps she is referring to Mark T. Williams, the economics professor from Boston University who referred to Bitcoin as "*Bitcorn*" and then [wrote an article for Business Insider in 2013](


After that prediction, the community lovingly referred to him as "Professor Bitcorn."
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:24:20
Good insights.
Bitcoin was almost certainly held back by the civil war. The person most responsible for that civil war was -- and still is -- in my opinion, Gavin Andresen, who I believe was likely instrumental in influencing Ver. Gavin was so beloved by many in the community that when he launched the first hard fork campaign it became larger than just a technical issue, it became a political one, and many were persuaded first by their like for Gavin which then secondarily opened them to embracing his technical argument. Once persuaded, they likely forgot how it was their initial *trust* of Gavin that ever led them down this road.  
Gavin, unlike most Core developers, had a very charismatic personality and many viewed him as the leader of the project. When Gavin, along with Hearn, launched their assault against the other Core developers, there simply were no Core developers even remotely as charismatic or politically popular as Gavin to defend Core's argument. This meant that the community had to very organically, and with great inertia, come to Core's defense. The community saved Core, and this happened because of the superiority of their technical arguments which trickled down, first to individuals who could explain those arguments to the broader community, and then echoed outward by community members who spread the word. It was by no means easy. 
I'm guessing Ver was one of those who really respected Gavin. Like most in the community, Ver lacked the technical knowledge to truly have an initial position on the scaling debate. But he probably trusted Gavin, as you suggest, and when Gavin said, "Larger blocks now!" he believed him. And that initial trust turned into belief and defined his entire trajectory from there. When Gavin was defeated, Ver's anti-establishment tendencies, as you say, kicked in, with Core -- in reality an open project with a loose collection of developers from all over the world -- as the establishment and Gavin the symbol of good having been defeated by evil. When Gavin insisted Craig Wright was Satoshi, instead of laughing as most were wont to do, Ver embraced Wright. But it was Gavin's acceptance of Wright that ultimately explains why Wright now has so much influence in the big block community. 
So, ultimately, it was always Gavin who was at the root of the civil war in my opinion, it is always Gavin lurking in the shadows giving the movement its sense of moral and technical authority. That is to say, the movement had power ultimately because it did have a couple of very important ex-Core developers behind it. Without Gavin -- and to a lesser extent Hearn and Garzik -- giving the movement the reassurance that some important high level developers agreed with their vision, it would have lacked the mandate to press forward. *Likely the only thing that could knock sense into Ver would be if Gavin himself did an about-face.* 
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:52:12
Unfortunately, even a tax professional isn't qualified to know, especially since most don't even really understand what crypto is. Honestly, no one does. The US government will need to provide explicit clarity. 
That isn't to say the US government will get it right. Crypto *should* be treated like-kind. Whether it will be is another issue. Obviously, most governments at this point are at best skeptical of crypto, if not downright hostile, and imposing excessive tax burdens may be their inclination. 
But without like-kind, there are simply too many very weird tax situations. For example. Let's say you are a long time bitcoin holder, having held since it was under $1000. Now you want to sell an altcoin for another altcoin, but neither altcoin is big enough to be traded directly. You must convert one altcoin to bitcoin first, and then buy the other altcoin with bitcoin. But the moment you sell the bitcoin for the 2nd altcoin -- remember, you are merely using the bitcoin to move from one coin to the other because direct trading between the two alts isn't possible -- the moment you sell your bitcoin for the second alt, you get taxed for having sold your bitcoin. But you aren't being taxed on simply any appreciation in the price of bitcoin in the short window of time between selling the first alt and buying the second, you are being taxed on capital gains on your bitcoin from the time you first bought bitcoin (FIFO), even though you aren't actually selling any of your bitcoin. 
*This is a massive issue because it threatens the use of bitcoin as a reserve currency in the cryptoeconomy.*
And the issues with not treating crypto as like-link go way beyond that. Making crypto-to-crypto trading tax free would be a huge boon to the cryptoeconomy and preserve its liquidity and utility. But I fear, at least in the short term, helping crypto is the last thing the US government intends to do.  
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:09:32
The modern economy is designed, intentionally or not, to have boom/bust cycles. During a bust -- following 2008 for instance -- the absence of liquidity from the private sector can be, theoretically, offset by increased liquidity from the public sector (i.e., increasing national debt). 
However, this assumes that during a boom government will reverse course and decrease spending -- and that never happens. In a boom -- which is basically what the US is in now -- liquidity in the private sector becomes excessive (look at the stock market for evidence of that) and so you actually want the public sector to drain some of that liquidity out of the system (i.e., decrease the national debt). Instead, the US government is adding further liquidity on top of an already excessively hot economy, specifically by giving large tax breaks to the very entities that are driving the asset bubbles in the first place. 
The problem in the US is that each party complains about the debt while the other party is in power in an effort to stifle their opponents' agenda. But as soon as they assume power themselves, they immediately forget about the debt. Furthermore, neither party wants to cut existing programs which will make them unpopular. Consequently, the national debt only ever increases, never decreases, and so government becomes irrelevant to the boom/bust cycles since all it ever does is increase the money supply. 
And this problem is not unique to the United States. Globally, central banks are being left with the role of trying to control the money supply while government debts do nothing but rise. Consequently, central banks are increasingly having to back national currencies with assets other than national debt, further fueling the global asset bubble. What happens when a collapse in global assets results in skyrocketing inflation that hits the average man/woman and these central banks are trying to remove currency from circulation by selling the very assets no one wants?
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:05:05


Bitcoin will only be one of countless cryptos and digital assets all representing various decentralized networks, projects, businesses, cultural endeavors, and collectives, most of which will likely offer far greater opportunity for returns than Bitcoin eventually will. Bitcoin will most likely be seen as a safe asset, with limited growth potential, so holding bitcoin will be a bit like keeping one's money in a savings account or in bonds. For such base currencies, being deflationary in the post-crypto world will be seen as essential. 
Inflationary currencies are essential in a debt-based monopolistic system like we have in the current economy where new liquidity comes from increased lending of a single currency and so consequently the money inflates, and must inflate, as new money creation is always required to pay off existing debts with interest. But in the post-crypto world, new liquidity will come increasingly not from borrowing but from user generated money/asset creation (like we see with the current ICO craze). 
Increased liquidity always involves money creation, but in the old economy, where everyone was confined to a single currency, bankers were largely given a monopoly over this power. Consequently, in order to expand the money supply, individuals and institutions had to go to bankers and beg them to print money for them (i.e., give them a loan). Now, we won't need to ask the gatekeepers for permission to print money, anyone will be able to do so themselves. The reason this will work is because of the breakdown of monopolistic money. 
When everyone is forced to use a single currency, like as is the case in most nation states today, the power of money creation cannot be afforded to everyone because that would simply inflate the currency to zero. The value of a single, monopolistic currency, comes from the top down, and everyone who uses that currency is in essence participating in the broader credit worthiness of the currency guaranteed from on high. The gatekeepers, bankers, allot you a certain credit rating and limit your ability to request additional money printing based on your perceived economic worth. 
But in the post-crypto world, anyone will be able to print their own money, and, again, this is made possible by the fact that there will no longer be money monopolies, so when creating your own currency, you will be responsible for endowing that currency with value -- this as opposed to going to the lenders and convincing them to let you participate to a small degree in the already established value of the monopoly currency. 
Because in this post-crypto world anyone will now be able to participate in anyone else's debt, so to speak, by holding the currency associated with their endeavor, the success of failure of a project or business will not be measure by the ability to repay existing loans at set interest rates, but the rising or falling value of the currency associated with the project. That is, currencies will be simultaneously money and investments, and this means that the current paradigm of bank lending becomes decentralized and radically explosive in potential unimaginable to the current system. 
In such a extensively colorful financial system, currencies like bitcoin will be the bedrock of stability and the measurement of value. But because interest and lending will gradually die as a paradigm, your savings option won't be to lend your money to a bank or government who will pay you interest, but rather to hold deflationary and established currencies. The deflation of bitcoin will act, essentially, the same way the interest rate acts in modern economies. 
Over all, the explosion of economic growth will be unlike the world has ever seen, and it is because of this power that countries that hold out against the crypto revolution will fall behind and eventually be forced to relent. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:16:22


Wrong. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:17:59
The big deal is that crypto to crypto trades are often/usually not about increasing your USD holdings, but rather increasing your bitcoin. So, for example, if one sees Ethereum is rising next to BTC, one might buy Ether and then sell back into BTC. 
The problem is that the taxes are in USD. So just the act of buying ether might cause you more losses in bitcoin due to taxes than you gain through the trade. This never happens with regard to the USD because taxes are always only a portion of your net USD gains. But in trades where you aren't concerned about realizing USD gains, but rather increasing your bitcoin, the tax laws can actually hurt you . . . substantially.  
For example: Let's say you bought 30 btc when they were at $200. You trade all thirty bitcoin for ether at 0.036 btc and sell the ether at 0.0396 btc for a gain of three bitcoin. At no point were you interested in USD. However, say the price of bitcoin at the time of the trade was $8000. You now owe capital gains on your bitcoin (having bought at $200 and sold at $8,000) which comes to roughly $35,000 or 4.3875 btc. You've actually lost 1.3875 bitcoin on the trade. If in 3 years that 1.3875 bitcoin comes to be worth $80,000, you've lost a great deal, none of which you can claim as losses on your taxes.
These tax laws dramatically discourage crypto to crypto trading for precisely this reason, which is bad for the crypto economy. 
@_date: 2018-09-02 07:44:15
"Nocoiners" like Roubini want the power of money creation confined to the hands of governments and banks. 
Crypto utopians, or "altcoiners," want to see the power of money creation democratized.
"Bitcoin maximalists," like Tone Vays, want to eliminate the power of money creation entirely, if possible. 
The three predominant positions with regard to this space fundamentally revolve around the issue of money creation, and in many regards the bitcoin maximalist and the altcoiner are further apart than either are in relation to the nocoiner. This is because the maximalist wants to eliminate money creation altogether, while the altcoiners want just the opposite: to spread that power far and wide. 
The reason Roubini and Vays agree on 99% of everything they are talking about is because they both hate the larger crypto space. Maximalists  just see bitcoin as the introduction of a currency whose supply cannot be manipulated. But to them, the larger crypto space is doing the very opposite of what they seek. The larger space is an orgy of money printing that almost makes a farce of what bitcoin is meant to represent. This makes them despise the crypto revolution almost more than the nocoiners does. 
For the nocoiner, bitcoin is perhaps still the larger threat than the crypto space in general, and he still holds out hope that the blockchain technology can somehow be dissociated from crypto and made innocuous to national currencies. This hope has, to some extent, made the nocoiner sound slightly less hostile toward altcoins than the maximalist is, if only because he wishes to emphasize the underlying technology by suggesting that bitcoin, per se, is not that special. But ultimately he thinks all crypto is worthless. 
But in my opinion, the crypto revolution is about the democratization of money and the radical power this will give to society. Bitcoin represents the heart and soul of this movement, because it made real and continuously affirms that digital money no longer requires central authorities. With the necessity of central authority eliminated, national currencies are no longer fundamentally needed. We may choose to keep them, but they are no longer needed, and this opens up the radical possibility of a plurality of monies and the implications of a world in which the power of money is in the hands of everyone, a world in which the free market applies to money. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 19:03:44
With Trezor One devices you should always use advanced recovery, never input your mnemonic through the computer: 
The problem is that the OP entered his seed phrase into a compromised computer connected to the internet, I doubt the problem was specific to Electrum. If he had recovered his Trezor by entering his seed phrase into that same computer, he potentially would have faced the same problem. This is why you should always use Advanced Recovery with Model Ones. I'm not sure why Trezor even gives you the option to enter the seed phrase through the computer, but unfortunately they do, so you have to make sure to check "Advanced Recovery." With Model Ts, this isn't an issue as you enter the seed phrase entirely through the device. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:56:27
A decade ago hardly anyone had smart phones, today hardly anyone can get by without them. Similarly with social media and the internet itself. Game changing technologies don't introduce themselves at a snail's pace. But what is rare about crypto is that the technology itself is an asset class. A brand new asset class growing at the rate of game changing technologies . . . yeah, the appreciation is going to be dramatic.  
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:22:48
Let me see if I understand you. You are claiming that mining power has nothing -- or at least very little -- to do with scaling. Therefore it doesn't matter whether the scaling solution involves 2nd layers or on chain capacity increases because neither change the equation for miners, neither will increase or decrease energy consumption. Yes?
But I never made the claim that 2nd layers will decrease energy consumption. 
Of course, 2nd layers could, theoretically, lower energy consumption in the long run by reducing the amount miners can earn in on chain fees, lower incentives to mine, and keep mining relatively under control. As mining becomes increasingly dependent on fees rather than block rewards, a network that allows the majority of transactions to bypass those fees could, theoretically, reduce mining profitability and lower the amount of global energy consumption as a result. **But this is entirely beside the point and not related to what I was arguing.**
I never argued, in my previous posts, that 2nd layers reduce energy consumption. And frankly, I see no reason to want to see a reduction in energy consumption at this point. 
My argument was that the purpose of all of that energy consumption is to secure the blockchain. And, what this tells us is if all this capital that is pouring into the blockchain is purposed with securing the blockchain -- and not with increasing efficiency or speed or lowering fees -- then the blockchain's main priority is, and always has been, security. 
But you made the claim that because energy consumption has nothing to do with scaling it is entirely arbitrary. It may be arbitrary to scaling, but it is not arbitrary. Energy consumption secures the network by making it expensive to achieve majority hash power which is what an attacker would need in order to bend the blockchain to his/her will. It makes it *economically* expensive which is why we say the security is backed by capital. I didn't make that up, it is part of the design of the system.
It seems you view several aspects of the system to be artificial. You think the block size limit is artificial. You think the difficulty is artificial. You think proof of work is artificial. I don't see it that way. Yes, numbers can be tweeked, but all of these things are far from artificial, and like organs in the human body they are all interconnected. An elevated heart rate may not kill you, but this does not mean heart rate is arbitrary, and it certainly does not mean you can remove the heart entirely.
Limited block capacity (block size/block weight) is not artificial. Satoshi himself introduced it, the system requires it. But many people, seeing that Satoshi introduced it late and mentioned raising it in the future seem to think it is an artificial work around. It's not. It is an essential part of the system which is why Satoshi had to introduce it in the first place. It wasn't as essential in the early days when no one was using the network precisely because it is a parameter whose importance only gets recognized as the network becomes popular. Seeing that popularity was in the far future, Satoshi focused on more pressing issues, and this lack of attention has further fueled the perception that limited block capacity is an afterthought and not important. But no doubt Satoshi would have eventually spent a great deal of time contemplating this essential aspect of the system had he stayed around. 
Also, Satoshi himself came up with the idea of the blockchain as a settlement layer and the use of payment channels. So I am not sure where you are getting your claim that this was "ecided after it was born by people who had no hand in its making."


input.  For a new version to be written, each must sign a higher sequence
number (see IsNewerThan).  By signing, an input owner says "I agree to put
my money in, if everyone puts their money in and the outputs are this."
There are other options in SignatureHash such as SIGHASH_SINGLE which
means "I agree, as long as this one output (i.e. mine) is what I want, I
don't care what you do with the other outputs.".  If that's written with a
high nSequenceNumber, the party can bow out of the negotiation except for
that one stipulation, or sign SIGHASH_NONE and bow out completely.


nSequenceNumber tx using OP_CHECKMULTISIG that requires a subset of parties to sign to complete the signature.  The parties hold this tx in reserve and if need be, pass it around until it has enough signatures.


 They can keep updating a tx by unanimous agreement.  The party giving
money would be the first to sign the next version.  If one party stops
agreeing to changes, then the last state will be recorded at nLockTime.  If
desired, a default transaction can be prepared after each version so n-1
parties can push an unresponsive party out.  Intermediate transactions do
not need to be broadcast.  Only the final outcome gets recorded by the
network.  Just before nLockTime, the parties and a few witness nodes
broadcast the highest sequence tx they saw.
Finally, from an economic perspective "settlement layer" and "cash" are synonymous.
@_date: 2018-09-23 21:47:05
We have already reached despair, the problem is people who are exclusively focused on bitcoin---instead of having a pulse on the broader crypto market---have missed it and are consequently still twiddling their thumbs, waiting.
The amount of pain the altcoin space has experienced this year was only ever felt by bitcoin once in its history, back in 2011. Coins fell as much as 90-95% from their peak. The reason bitcoin hasn't is because it is actually acting as a safe haven asset---that is to say, investors in altcoins didn't just flee into the USD, they also fled into bitcoin.
Consequently, even though bitcoin has loss a great deal of value relative to fiat, against altcoins it has appreciated greatly, which makes it impossible for the bitcoin hodlers to fully appreciate the magnitude of despair felt by the broader crypto space. If you have any intention of accumulating altcoins, you have still done well with bitcoin. But this situation has left old timers who were expecting bitcoin to repeat the kinds of declines seen in the past a bit befuddled.
The fact is, this is a big moment for bitcoin, because 2018 marked the first time it really began to act as a safe haven asset. And while it is only now acting as a safe haven against the risks associated with the broader crypto space, it is beginning to establish a reputation that will one day lead it to become the preeminent safe haven asset in the world.
@_date: 2018-09-12 05:03:58
Both of these guys are toxic. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:26:43


Same question could be asked of you. Who are you to decide what Bitcoin was made for?
The fact is regardless of what changes or lack of changes occur, some vision of what Bitcoin was made for is winning out over others. 
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:46:23


The Lightning Network was never going to happen until the Bitcoin Civil War resolved itself. That is because the BCW was first and foremost a war for and against 2nd layer payment networks like LN. 
The bitcoin civil war occurred because lightning network reduces stress on the blockchain, it reduces demand for making on chain transactions, and miners don't want that because less transactions on chain equals less revenue in fees. Miners, instead, preferred that most traffic occur directly on chain. And while they realized that Lightning Network was inevitable, they reasoned that if they could make the blockchain sufficiently cheap, and delay the implementation of the Lightning Network, they could direct the existing infrastructure and ecosystem to become increasingly dependent on on chain transactions, and make those transactions cheap enough to minimize any motive to switch toward using LN when it finally did arrive. By minimizing the use of LN, they could guarantee more traffic occurred on chain resulting in more fees and profits.
Of course, for fees to remain cheap enough on chain to stagnate the growth of the Lightning Network and other 2nd layer payment networks, the size of the blockchain would have to become absolutely massive, and the amount of data that would need to be propagated would require incredibly powerful internet connections, such that only huge corporations would actually be able to run Bitcoin Core. But big miners had no issue with this, because that kind of centralization just favored their existing condition. After all, they were precisely the big corporations that everyone would rely on under a big block scenario.
So in an effort to try to minimize the impact of the Lightning Network and other 2nd layer payment networks, big miners refused to signal segwit activation, and by doing so they effectively delayed the development and implementation of the Lightning Network which required segwit first in order to work effectively. *The reason miners didn't like segwit was first and foremost because it green lighted the Lightning Network.* In fact, segwit increases the block size, which was ostensibly what miners wanted -- but it also fast tracked lightning development, which is the real reason miners didn't want it.
In an effort to promote the big block agenda and preserve support for blocking segwit, the big block community initiated a social media campaign that claimed that the Bitcoin's Core developers' motives were not to preserve the decentralization of the blockchain, but rather that they were secretly trying to make a company started by a few Core developers, Blockstream, rich by forcing everyone to use 2nd layer solutions which are Blockstream's specialty. 
And thus segwit activation was delayed and the lightning network along with it. One side claiming big miners were delaying its activation in order to force transactions on chain to increase fees and profits, and the other side saying Core developers were delaying a block size increase in order to incentivize the use of 2nd layer payment networks in order to increase the prosperity of Blockstream.  
This was the Bitcoin civil war, it was over the very idea of the lightning network, so to expect that lightning would have been fully functional and implemented in 2016? No. The civil war had to resolve itself first.  
 
@_date: 2018-09-19 15:59:37
This is a perfect example of why people are souring on the mainstream press:


Through the use of some carefully placed words, the article makes it sound as if hackers have discovered a way of illegally increasing Bitcoin's supply, which would effectively mean that Bitcoin itself was hacked. The article is intentionally misleading people, in my opinion. The above sentence is analogous to saying:


This kind of statement is purposefully attempting to mislead people into thinking owls are at the heart of all of the world's problems.
By conflating hacked PC mining with Bitcoin's inflation schedule, the author is able to mislead people into thinking hackers are the cause of the inflation. Bitcoin has a fixed inflation schedule, no amount of increased mining can change that. 
Furthermore, hackers are not creating "free" money. The money still required real resources to mine, it cost the people whose PC's were hacked higher electricity bills. The hackers simply stole those people's money.
@_date: 2017-12-06 15:26:38
Absolutely spot on. The commentators to whom you are responding are still attached to US dollars, so from their perspective he did nothing but well. But the OP is attached to bitcoin; from his perspective he lost 74% of his money.
This shift where people find themselves considering bitcoin/crypto to be more valuable than fiat is a dynamic we are increasingly going to see in people throughout society in the coming decades.   
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:51:34


There are two types of transactions: confirmed and unconfirmed. Whenever you make a bitcoin transaction *it always begins as unconfirmed* and can take anywhere from a couple minutes to days to become confirmed. 
Under your definition, if I were to send you 1 bitcoin, it would not be a "real" bitcoin transaction at the time of me sending it, since all bitcoin transactions begin not included in the blockchain (i.e., unconfirmed).
The fact of the matter is, Bitcoin works as a settlement system. Some people say Core wants to turn Bitcoin into a settlement layer, but *it already is a settlement layer.* Confirmation = settlement. When you make a bitcoin transaction, it starts in the mempool, it is an unsettled transaction, and while it remains as such it can be double spent or reversed. This is why businesses and exchanges require several confirmations before they will debit your accounts. They require that the transaction be settled. 
It is precisely because all bitcoin transactions -- which always begin unconfirmed, or unsettled -- have a window of time during which they can be reversed or double spent that Lightning transactions actually become more real -- under your own definition -- than actual broadcasted bitcoin transactions, because Lightning transactions cannot be double spent. 
If you were to sign a bitcoin transaction for 1 btc from your wallet to an address controlled by me, but instead of broadcasting that transaction to the network you simply sent the signed transaction to me privately, that is similar to how Lightning Network works. If you changed your mind after having sent it to me and wanted to keep your 1 btc, you would have to quickly send your bitcoin somewhere else before I had a chance to broadcast the transaction to the network. Yet that is no different than if you simply sent me 1 btc, and then attempted to double spend it before the transaction confirmed. *A Lightning Network transaction is fundamentally no different than a bitcoin transaction sitting in the mempool insofar as both represent unconfirmed transactions.*  
The difference, however, is that because a LN transaction is time locked, you can't actually double spend it the way you can a transaction in the mempool. It is the equivalent of handing me a signed bitcoin transaction while you were handcuffed and had no access to your computer and no ability to double spend.
So while ultimately only a confirmed transaction is final, a transaction sent from a traditional bitcoin wallet is actually less real, until it confirms, than a LN transaction is. Both, as unconfirmed transactions, are nothing more than signed permission for the network to send bitcoin from point A to point B, but a normal bitcoin transaction sitting in the mempool can undo this transaction by double spending before it has been confirmed, whereas a LN transaction cannot be double spent. This is why merchants will be able to accept zero confirmation transactions with LN, whereas with standard on-chain transactions they must wait for confirmations. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:06:31
Well said.
@_date: 2017-12-22 02:45:57
That was a fantastic interview Elizabeth. Thank you so much for everything you are doing for Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 15:08:08
They are basically identical. Divisive, medium IQ narcissists with narrow world views that they fell compelled to shove down everyones' throats. They hate virtually everyone in the space and they led the toxic environment that resulted in the Bitcoin civil war where no compromise was possible. They are both men seething with anger and they just love to fight. They are still fighting a war that ended a year ago for god's sake. The first person to ask a question was disgusted by them---crypto is supposed to represent a new paradigm in human collaboration and these guys just want to fist fight---they are the last two people who should be representing this movement.
Tone isn't promoting Bitcoin, he is promoting his own ideology of Bitcoin, one that is equally narrow, superficial, and shortsighted as Ver's was. Ver was promoting his ideology before BCH even existed, before he left Bitcoin; Tone is doing the same, the only difference is that Tone just hasn't forked off yet. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 19:16:43
What you did was the equivalent of carrying around half a million euros in cash in a suitcase. It isn't the safest thing to do, but just because it isn't doesn't mean no one will ever use cash. People use cash to transfer smaller amounts of money conveniently. Likewise, exposing your private keys to the internet is not safe, but people do it all the time for smaller amounts. The problem was you were treating half a million euros like it was twenty, your security practices didn't align with the amount of money at risk.
@_date: 2018-09-25 15:54:40
These guys are turning Bitcoin "maximalism" into a bad word. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:29:35
Yes. It really will depend on whether countries want to encourage or discourage the crypto economy. Ultimately, though, it is important for people to understand/appreciate that the concern really revolves around crypto-to-crypto trading where it is possible the tax laws can cause you to lose substantially more money than intended. Few people are really taking issue with the taxes that come from cashing out directly to USD. 
For another example: Say you are an ordinary Joe who makes 50K a year, but bought into bitcoin back in 2011 when it was next to nothing and now have 100 btc. Imagine that you trade all 100 btc for litecoin when bitcoin was $10,000 then trade back into bitcoin. Now you owe taxes on roughly $1,000,000. But imagine that before you have time to cash out 15% of your bitcoin to pay the taxes which your yearly income doesn't cover, the price of bitcoin crashes 90%. Now you owe more in taxes than you actually possess and will have to sell the entirely of your bitcoin just for a single lousy trade in which you probably didn't make much money anyway. 
These types of nightmare scenarios could be avoided if taxes applied *only* when one moved from crypto into USD.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:19:45
You are the sheep. 
@_date: 2015-12-31 04:55:31
Spot on. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 18:01:07
Ideally, for that kind of money, you should have purchased a new hardware wallet in your current location and imported the seed phrase into it. If that wasn't possible, you should have imported the seed phrase into an offline computer or phone, signed the transaction on the offline device and then sent the signed transaction through your online, compromised, device.
The point is that if you are dealing with large sums of money, your seed phrase or private keys should never touch a device connected to the internet. And, ultimately, that is the whole purpose of having a hardware wallet: it allows you to spend from your cold storage without your private keys ever touching the internet. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:33:24


Cash and settlement layer are the same thing. In fact, cash IS the settlement layer in the existing financial system, which is why it can only be produced by central banks which ultimately function as the clearing house for the monetary system. That's how money works, that doesn't change with cryptocurrency. 
Bitcoin is the central bank for the bitcoin ecosystem.
Imagine if everyone decided that there should only be one bank, and that in the US the Fed would be that one bank. All US citizens were required to have accounts at this one bank and this one bank would handle all transactions in all of the economy. That is the analogy for the big block argument. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:53:21
The irony is that in leading an offensive against bitcoin over branding, the bcash supporters find themselves defending their own branding. 
Politely referring to BCH as Bitcoin Cash out of respect for its community makes sense to an extent. The problem is that because the brand is being explicitly, and self-admittedly, used as a weapon against bitcoin, in the very act of being polite to the BCH community you can't but feel you are helping to undermine bitcoin. 
Increasingly it is starting to feel like using that term means one actually support BCH taking over the name "Bitcoin." "Bcash" may be derogatory to its supporters, but it is derogatory precisely because it frustrates their agenda to replace Bitcoin. It frustrates it, apparently, because by including "bitcoin" in the name they, by their own admission, mean to reinforce the idea in people that BCH is the real bitcoin, and therefore rightfully should replace bitcoin. Now I am all for being polite to other crypto communities and respecting their naming conventions, but not when the entire aim of that community is to destroy yours, and the stated purpose of their coin's name is to steal the brand from bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-18 06:00:03
Excellent point, I couldn't agree more. However, I'm convinced that ultimately the most attractive blockchain will be the one that is considered more or less equal to objective reality. That is to say, if a blockchain is considered immutable, if a fact recorded onto that blockchain is more or less the same thing as a fact period, then that blockchain will inevitably win out over all other competitors. That's the key, which blockchain can't be altered or manipulated on a whim, can't be reversed, facts recorded in it can't be undone by a arbitrary third party. The idea of objective reality in the digital space is so fundamentally compelling it will win out over corporate controlled alternatives. 
Objective reality in the digital space is ultimately what a blockchain represents. To the degree that a blockchain achieves this it will be successful. Secondary functions like ease of use are important, but secondary. 
Ultimately, money in a society derives from whatever source is considered most trustworthy (creditworthy). In the 20th century that was central banks, in the 21st century that will be blockchains. A central bank cannot compete with the trustworthiness of digital objective reality.
When we say we hope Bitcoin will be a settlement layer, what we mean is that we hope bitcoin will be money in the 21st century. More precisely, that bitcoin will be the base currency which all other derived forms of currency, or credit, will ultimately depend for their value. We hope bitcoin will replace fiat currency. Simply being an alternative form of credit, which is what it is today, whose value ultimately depends on its ability to be exchanged for US dollars or euros or whatever fiat currency you use, is not enough. Bitcoin must become the base money, the money that when possessed is considered final settlement (thus "settlement layer"). 
It is absolutely true increased adoption is the key to moving us closer to that goal, and that if scalability is critical to increased adoption then scalability is critical to Bitcoin's success. However, if Bitcoin loses her key feature of representing objective digital reality in the process because a handful of people end up controlling that reality -- already a problem today -- then ultimately it loses that which separates her from a blockchain that is created by a handful of corporations, for instance, and without that advantage will easily, and inevitably, be snuffed out, regardless of how many layers of protection are built on top. Decentralization of the base layer is critical to Bitcoin's success, it doesn't matter if the layers built on top are centralized or not, the key is that the base layer must be a foundation of creditworthiness.   
@_date: 2015-12-31 05:05:30


Raising the block size, not raising it, it's all central planning. As far as I can tell there are only two concerns in this entire debate:
1) How can we scale Bitcoin?
2) How can we make sure Bitcoin remains decentralized?
If 1 violates 2, that is no solution. Likewise, if 2 violates 1 that is no solution either. 
@_date: 2015-06-26 15:00:46


In the ideal system it should be the lenders, not the borrowers, who constrain the amount of borrowing that occurs. This is, of course, how most modern economies used to work and why it actually made sense for private banks to create and employ credit rating agencies. 
Today, however, the only thing that really limits borrowing is the willingness of the borrower to continue borrowing. This is, at root, what caused the 2008 financial crises (and is perhaps also foundational in the situation with Greece today). When lenders have discovered a way of ridding themselves of the risk associated with the loan by transferring that risk to someone else -- thus making it so that any lending is automatically profitable -- they become willing to lend as much as they possibly can without concern over whether the borrower can repay. In such a situation, only the borrower is left with the responsibility to constrain themselves. But in any scenario where there is no constraint on lending, inevitably you will find a percentage of borrowers who actually anticipate defaulting, and who choose to borrow solely for the short term benefits with absolutely no expectation of ever repaying the money. 
This is why a jubilee would actually help to alleviate the current moral hazard that exists in our financial system, rather than increase it. By having a mandatory debt forgiveness every such-and-such years, it increases the pressure on lenders to make sure they vet whoever they are lending to, to make sure they can repay their loans. Did the person they are lending to take advantage of the previous jubilee? Or do they have a reputation for repaying all of their loans? Anything that helps us to return constraint to lenders and increase their efforts to make sound loans, and anything that helps to remove the reliance on borrowers to self-regulate, i think is ultimately good for the overall health of the system. 
I believe David Graeber in his book *Debt: The First 5,000 years* explores the idea of the jubilee and its history. I recall he argues that most societies, historically, resort to some sort of jubilee or face a spiraling situation of growing inequality that undoes their economic health. 
@_date: 2015-12-31 04:17:08
The gist of what you are saying is spot on, which is why the old system is so dated. 
Nevertheless, technically speaking you are wrong. Base money in the current monetary system is credit from central banks. These can either be represented as numbers on the balance sheets of central banks or in the form of cash. Central banks have the sole authority to create either form. 
You see, the problem is that bank credit that you and I use with our credit cards are just numbers that were typed in. If everyone just considered these arbitrary numbers equal to money, then banks would have infinite money as they could type in as much as they wanted. We accept these numbers as payments because they are promises to pay base money upon demand, they are backed by base money if you will, and base money isn't controlled by commercial banks (or at least it's not supposed to be). That is the key to the whole system, there needs to be scarcity otherwise the currency just inflates to zero. 
Now real money, that is base money, in current systems, are still arbitrary numbers, but they are the arbitrary numbers created by central banks who act as score keepers for the entire system. All the other banks, in the end, know how much money they actually have, money they can't just conjure up on a whim, because the amount of money they have in central bank credit is limited and beyond their control to create. 
In the same way, Bitcoin acts as a score keeper. Mark Karpeles could conjure up as many Goxcoins as he wanted, but in the end goxcoins only functioned as money as long as people thought they could be exchanged, upon demand, for real money . . . namely, bitcoins. 
@_date: 2018-09-19 16:33:54
I'm not the person you were asking, but:
In the consensus protocols of public blockchains, the critical idea is that whoever produces the next block that everyone else is going to accept as reality needs to be incentivized to be honest. This is done through a carrot and stick mechanism. The carrot is that the network pays them to be honest, and the stick is that the network charges them if it catches them being dishonest. 
In a PoS system like what Ethereum will be once it upgrades, when validators are caught being dishonest the network removes some of the money they have staked, it punishes them by charging them a hefty fine, in other words. In PoW systems like Bitcoin, when the network catches a miner being dishonest, they simply lose the reward from the block they had mined (in other words, the fact that they won the block reward gets revoked). But because getting that reward in the first place required a tremendous amount of capital in the form of electricity bills and mining equipment, if they don't get that block rewards to cover their costs they are being effectively fined by the network, just like in PoS. 
The problem with your suggestion of just having a bunch of nodes is that those nodes are not economically incentivized to be honest, and therefore it becomes trivial to attack the network and break consensus. All you would have to do is fire up a bunch of dishonest nodes. To attack a PoW system, like Bitcoin, on the other hand, you need to acquire more mining power than the majority of the network.  
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:21:35


I think that's the Greek part . . . 
@_date: 2018-09-01 15:47:01
People have been comparing bitcoiners to religious fanatics for as long as I've been involved.
If your bible thumping relative who used to drive a 2001 Chevy suddenly pulled in in a Lambo, shortly after discovering his religion, then maybe your analogy would hold water.
@_date: 2015-06-30 17:23:18
Very good point. 
In modern economies, base money is created through the process of government issuing bonds (i.e., creating debt) and then central banks exchange that debt for currency at, when all is said and done, zero interest. So with fiat currencies, money creation is debt creation and vice versa. 
National "debt" is really just a rough measure of how much money has been created. When governments create debt they are really committing the first step in the two part process of base money creation. So fiat money is designed to work when both parts of that process -- the creation of debt and the exchange of debt for money -- are under the same authority, when they are a team, so to speak. Under these systems, governments have the power of money creation, but they disguise that power by calling it 'debt' and giving the literal money printing authority to central banks.
However, when fiat money tries to become transnational, as is the case with the euro, the body or bodies that create the debt are no longer under the same authority as the body or bodies that exchange that debt for money. They are no longer a team. As a result, governments are essentially stripped of their power to print money, but the debt creation portion of the fiat money creation equation remains intact. Governments are left creating debt, but now without the corresponding power to create money to pay for that debt! It is a underhanded way of enslaving governments to international bankers, if you ask me.  
I mean, technically, the American government is indebted to the Fed. But it doesn't matter because ultimately the Fed works for the American government (or we would like to believe, anyway). But when you have a situation like you do in Europe, where the ECB doesn't work for nations like Greece, instead of just letting Greece borrow more they instead start telling Greece how to run their government, what policies to implement, all as preconditions for continued lending. And the policies they force upon the Greek people are all aimed at letting these bankers acquire more and more of Greece's assets and real wealth. It is really identical to if Greece had been physically invaded and conquered by a foreign country. 
Greece demonstrates clearly the limits of fiat currency. It may have worked well in the 20th century, and it may work well for the nation state; but as the world moves into a global era, fiat currency finds it can't simply transpose its model (designed for the nation state) to a transnational body. It requires a unified government to work in which the debt and money creation are tied to the same authority. Unless we all want to live under the thumbs of a body of international bankers as our overlords, fiat currency isn't equipped or designed to serve as transnational, modern, money.  
@_date: 2015-12-31 16:58:07
The reason is because there is such a heavy push for scalability, even at the expense of decentralization, that decentralization advocates are playing defense. Right now the best way to improve decentralization is to prevent a scaling solution that does further harm to it. Your question is "why don't we see an equally strong response to fix this situation," yet that is precisely what the small block side of the block size debate is. 
When the enemy is attacking your fort with superior numbers, you don't sally forth and meet them in the field. You turtle and wait until they are weakened to the point where you can move to the offensive. In the block size debate that means that even though there is a massive angry army of people who are demanding a block size increasing now -- people who are convinced that the only reason it's not happening is because of a small minority of people seeking to undermine bitcoin for their own gain --you slowly and steadily make rational arguments for why a rash increase threatens the core of what Bitcoin is until they stop being so angry and consider that your concerns need to be met as well. 
Only then do you sally forth with serious suggestions of how to increase decentralization. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:22:14


Well that's a very big IF! The small block argument revolves around it! Precisely the same way the big blocker argument revolves around the idea that centralization concerns will be minor, or that the impacts of centralization will be trivial, should a block increase occur. That's also a big IF. 
Without LN or similar protocols there would be no small block argument, so you can't just blithely skip past it. And it isn't just that small blockers believe such solutions circumvent the problem, it is that they believe such developments and their encouragement are vital to the success of Bitcoin (similar to how the World Wide Web was vital to the success of the internet). 
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:42:38
It also adds to the suspicion regarding the way Coinbase has been dragging their feet on segwit. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 16:26:18
Hash rate determines network difficulty, and network difficulty is the price the network sells newly minted bitcoin for (denominated, so to speak, in PoW). Hashrate is essentially the price being set by the network, and because the networks price is almost always cheaper than exchange traded bitcoin, the greater the discrepancy between the network price and exchange price, the greater the arbitrage opportunity and the more selling that occurs.
If there were an exchange selling bitcoin right now for $4,000, arbitrage from that exchange would put downward pressure on the current price. People would buy bitcoin from that exchange, and then sell it for \~$7,000 on other exchanges. Eventually, more people would do this, driving up buying on the cheap exchange and increasing selling on the expensive exchanges. As a result, the price on the cheap exchange would begin to go up, while the price on the expensive exchanges would begin to decline. The higher the price on the cheap exchange, the less downward pressure on the expensive exchanges. 
Mining is essentially that cheap exchange. The effects of arbitrage are harder to detect because mining takes place overtime, the price of mining in fiat is difficult to determine, and the arbitrage is not as immediate as it would be in the hypothetical exchange example, but the effect is essentially the same.
Miners are buying bitcoin directly from the network. They pay for that bitcoin in proof of work. In order to generate proof of work, must buy equipment, pay for electricity and facilities, pay employees, etc---ultimately, they are paying for the bitcoin they receive using fiat currency. So miners are people who are buying bitcoin with fiat currency. They go through all of the difficulty of mining precisely because, at the end of the day, bitcoin can be substantially cheaper to buy via mining than through exchanges if done right.
So if hashrate is increasing, that means the price of bitcoin for miners is also increasing. Again, to use our analogy, imagine that that cheap exchange that was selling bitcoin for $4,000 is now selling for $6,500. Now the spread between that exchange and other exchanges has shrunk to the point that it has become substantially less profitable to arbitrage, and consequently the downward pressure on price of the expensive exchanges is lessened. If hashrate is increasing, it becomes less profitable to arbitrage between mined bitcoin and exchange traded bitcoin, meaning less miners sell. With less miners selling, the downward pressure on the price that miners ordinarily represent is lessened.
This is why people say price follows hashrate. It has nothing to do with labor theories of value, it is because hashrate is representative of the cost to mine bitcoin which, technically, means the price to buy bitcoin directly from the network. If it is more expensive to acquire bitcoin from the cheapest source (i.e., the network), then it is also less profitable to arbitrage between bitcoin mined and bitcoin on exchanges, which reduces the amount of bitcoin being sold, which drives up price.
@_date: 2015-12-31 04:59:34
I think for solutions like LN to really be palatable, they need to preserve these essential qualities of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-01 04:42:49
You can't enter data into the Bitcoin blockchain without bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 16:05:16
This quote is great, try giving your post a new title. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 03:32:41
One can imagine, in the final days, central banks all around the world desperately printing as fast as they can to buy bitcoin. One massive, orgasmic, hyperinflation of all the world's fiat currencies as they all rush to be the first to the exits. 
@_date: 2018-05-01 18:13:32
It can never be paid back. But it is important to understand that this is how fiat money itself works, it isn't just the poor management of government. Every dollar in existence was created out of a loan, whether that loan was the Fed lending to the US government, or Bank of America lending to a prospective home owner. Likewise, when loans are repaid, the dollars used as payment are removed from existence along with the debt. 
Consequently, there is always, at minimum, a dollar of debt for every dollar in circulation. And because that debt comes with interest, there always, by definition, must exist more debt than there are dollars to repay it. 
@_date: 2018-05-04 00:13:31
The important thing to understand is that hyperinflation IS what a national debt default looks like in the case where the state controls the printing press (directly or indirectly). Whether you believe that will happen or not in the case of the US is another matter, the issue here is with the claim that a sovereign state that controls its own currency can't default because they can simply print the money to repay the loans. 
What we have to consider is that if printing money were as powerful as some claim, why should the government borrow in the first place? Why not simply print the money as needed? If the government can never have too much debt because they can always print what they owe, why even bother with debt at all, why not just print an indefinite amount of money and use that instead?
@_date: 2018-08-01 04:39:47
What problems did the internet solve? Smart Phones? Television? Cars? Electricity? Obviously, no one can imagine life without these things now, but was there the burning desire for them before they existed or even when they first arrived? These technologies solved problems people didn't even know they had and they introduced new problems hardly considered before hand.
Crypto will likely solve problems intrinsic to the legacy system, but, more importantly, it will also introduce new possibilities that will lead to other new possibilities and eventually a whole new system beyond what most imagine.
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:36:35
You're exactly right. The key to tackling this dilemma lies, I believe, in appreciating that the cryptoeconomic system is---and this will become increasingly apparent over time---a layered system in which protocol layers, like Bitcoin, represent the base layers of this system meant to represent security, trust, and dependability---that is, the foundational qualities of a good financial system, rather than the aspirational ones per se. The aspirational layers, layers more suited for pulling the future into the present, will come from the second and third layers whose jobs are specifically suited to this task while the foundational layer guarantees the system remains ultimately immune from the shocks to the higher layers at an economic level, as well as provides those higher layers with the security and dependability to exist at the technological level. 
The ICO and Ethereum (another protocol layer) is a pretty good early example of what we are talking about here. The protocol layer, Ethereum in this case, provides the security layer for these ICO tokens to exist, but the ICOs themselves allow the Ethereum monetary system to expand liquidity dependent on the economic prospects of some of these projects. Each project may have a separate token, but ultimately they all persist on the Ethereum blockchain and depend on the Ethereum token at a technological level, thus increasing its value. This token ecosystem represents a kind of single monetary system with a plurality of monies. 
Over time, of course, what we are going to see is that with the interoperability of blockchains the entire system is going to become one interconnected web, which is going to bring a whole host of implications. But ultimately, what won't change is this fundamental reliance upon certain base blockchains, or protocol layers, that serve to act as the trust foundations for the entire system. 
In other words, the job, as it were, of protocol layers is not to predict the future by attempting to control the flow of money, but rather provide an open platform in which innovation and competitiveness can do the dirty work of predicting the future unimpeded by bureaucracy. 
@_date: 2018-05-12 05:22:22


You're absolutely correct. However, we have to appreciate that there are two sides to a price: *supply and demand*. For the price to rise, either the demand must increase---and as you point out, if the demand isn't there, it isn't there---*or the supply must decrease*. And I think that is Fundstrat's argument, not so much that increased mining investment will translate into increased demand, but rather it translates into a higher price at which supply begins to dry up. It's a pretty interesting argument. 
   
@_date: 2018-05-11 17:03:13
People are often mislead by the term "mining" into thinking bitcoin miners produce new bitcoin. They don't. The network will produce the same amount of bitcoin every 10 minutes regardless of the number of people mining or the amount of hash power being applied.
So the more accurate way of thinking of bitcoin mining is that *miners are simply buyers of bitcoin who purchase directly from the network rather than through exchanges.*
Put simply, more mining = more buying. And more buying = more demand.
If mining actually produced more bitcoin, then more mining would, indeed, increase the supply and lower prices. But in actuality, the supply is never changed with more mining, all that is changed is the amount of demand, which is rising.
@_date: 2018-05-16 17:03:11
Being the Fed chairman is a "Wall Street related career." In fact, it is the ultimate one.
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:48:15


The history of money is one of, sort of, a growing expansion into increased liquidity over time. It was a spectrum in which the old system of a purely fixed money supply was gradually replaced with a more responsive money supply. By the time of the 19th century, the money supply was radically more responsive over anything that came before historically; you had a robust banking system and fractional reserve banking was in full force. The gold standard tempered how much money creation could occur, but banking had already provided the system with radical new levels of money creation beyond anything seen before, which accounts for the explosion in economic prosperity. 
@_date: 2018-05-10 19:50:32
Gold offers some utility value and some exchange value, but excels in neither. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 16:26:02


That is a very good point. In fact, I think its critical. And when you add on top of everything you've said a world in which there are a plurality of tokens, each representing some new project or some social network or some economic community, and the economics of these systems constantly adjusting the predictive models with the abandon of a Donald Trump tweet, having fundamental sources of trust are going to become absolutely essential. 
And that simply cannot be attained through monetary systems that are based on the 20th century nation state. Nations are interconnected now, boarders are disappearing and will continue to do so. The monetary policy of one country affects everyone else, and when a country like the US has that kind of power, and yet continues to insist that its monetary policy is self-interested---yet simultaneously understands that what happens to the rest of the world effects itself---and when the social ruling class in charge of such monetary policies is really more globalist and cannot maintain the illusion of allegiance to a single nation . . . trust in centralized monetary policy, quite simply, will break down. Will this break down happen over night? No. But the trajectory seems inevitable to me. 
Base money must be absolutely trustworthy, and the only way for it to become that way is for it to be controlled by a mathematical algorithm that everyone trusts, beyond the control of any interested party, and available to everyone on the planet equally. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 03:52:18
Bitcoin isn't nothing. That's what the current skeptics haven't understood. And it is understandable, understanding this is a bit like understanding in 1995 that the internet was more than a glorified fax machine. 
@_date: 2018-05-12 07:00:05
When you think about it, even though the medium out of which money was made used to be something of value, that substance\-\-\-say, gold\-\-\-still has to be considered separate from the money it formed the basis for. That is to say, the money was made out of a medium of gold, but the gold in itself was not sufficient to create money, it required a social agreement.
Money, even then, was still a social agreement. When someone went to sell their chicken for a piece of gold, they might not have wanted gold, they might not have had any use or need for gold, their real goal might have been to get some rice, and had the situation been purely barter they might have demanded that rice in exchange for their chicken instead of gold.
It was the fact that that piece of gold represented money, in addition to an amount of gold, that made it valuable to the person even if they didn't want gold. It was the knowledge that this piece of money would be universally accepted as a medium of exchange, that it was liquid, and that even if they did not want gold for their chicken, they could quickly use this money to purchase the rice they actually wanted from someone else\-\-\-even if that someone else also didn't want gold per se\-\-\-that made it valuable as money and not merely as gold.
To form this kind of network of liquidity, social consensus is required. Everyone must agree to view gold pieces as a form of money. Without this, gold pieces in and of themselves are not necessarily money.
@_date: 2014-10-22 06:34:27


And perhaps this right here is the best reason to use "bits" because the similarity of the words will actually encourage that one will eventually start being used in place of the other. 
@_date: 2018-05-13 17:24:57
The problem is debt is owed to someone, as you say, which means it can potentially not be repaid. When it is not repaid, whoever is holding that debt suddenly sees their asset go "poof." When you have a monetary system that is itself built upon such assets, there is always the possibility the whole thing can collapse if enough of those assets simultaneously vanish.
What you have to remember is that most of the money in circulation doesn't come from lending to government, it comes from lending to private citizens and businesses\-\-\-and private debt is not fundamentally risk free. This is why in 2008 the monetary system faced collapse, despite the fact that all that occurred were defaults on private debt. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 02:20:54
I suspect those people will be the last ones to get on board, and will probably only do so as the rocket is preparing to touch down. 
Today user adoption is being driven largely by investing/speculating and ideology. For the average banked citizen of modern countries, bitcoin makes very little sense as a tool right now. It probably seems a bit baffling to them why anyone would use it, honestly. 
But end-users like that never see new things coming, by the time they recognize those technologies' potential, those technologies have already realized their potential. Most people didn't really get on board the internet until it was already pretty close to what it is today. 
The technological promise of Bitcoin is huge, in large part because it is completely suited for the 21st century, whereas the dollar is not, just as credit cards were completed suited for the late 20th century whereas paper money was not. Ordinary users won't realize that until everyone realizes it, that is why they are not investors. But businesses and entrepreneurs already realize this, and ultimately they are the ones who will continue to drive the price up as innovation sparks continued investment, which in turn inspires continued innovation, until the day comes that that innovation translates into products that are just immediately superior as tools to the average user. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 22:14:37
I'm not entirely comfortable with the money\-as\-mass\-hallucination explanation that seems currently popular in the cryptoverse. Yes, it is convenient when people ask, "what backs bitcoin?" to retort with, "well, what backs the dollar?" But this idea that money is *only* a social agreement is incomplete.
Is it partly a social agreement? Absolutely. In the same way that the word 'elephant' is a social agreement. Why the word 'elephant' to refer to those giant grey animals with trunks and tusks? It's almost entirely arbitrary. But there are two ways in which the word 'elephant' is not simply a mass hallucination: A\) it refers to something real and B\) the word itself is suited to this purpose, unlike a word that, say, might take two minutes to completely pronounce. It would be difficult to claim that the word isn't, to some degree, arbitrary; but it would be equally difficult to claim that it is entirely arbitrary. 
Likewise with money. There is no doubt that the units and the currency are to some degree arbitrary. But money A\) represents value, which is real, and B\) has to be made out of some "medium" best suited to make money. For instance, apples don't make for a very good medium from which to make money, nor do numbers in a Word document.
The blockchain is a medium intrinsically better suited to make money out of than anything we've ever known. That's real. And as we continue to use this medium for money, that money continues to represent real value. That's also real.
@_date: 2014-10-04 23:00:44
And now me . . . and look, it is like it never happened!
@_date: 2014-08-15 13:52:18
Looks like you didn't really read the article. There are many reasons to believe the bots came from MtGox themselves, including the fact that they weren't charged any fees . . . 
@_date: 2018-05-12 06:27:31
Obviously money is not a spreadsheet as we had money long before spreadsheets even existed. But I know what you mean, and it's true that the medium out of which modern money \(i.e., fiat\) is made is essentially spreadsheets \(or more precisely, ledgers\).
But spreadsheets are easily manipulated and changed on a whim. Because of this, a spreadsheet alone is not sufficient to form the basis for modern money. What is required is some proof that the spreadsheet cannot easily be altered or manipulated. What provides it with that proof is the guarantee and reputation of the institutions who hold these sacred ledgers.
In other words, fiat money consists of institutionally controlled spreadsheets; that is, spreadsheets under the custodianship of trusted third parties. These powerful third parties promise to keep the spreadsheet tamper\-proof and honest, despite the fact that its just a spreadsheet. Without those trusted third parties, these institutions of repute, spreadsheet money would be impossible.
So really, the medium out of which fiat money is made is essentially the ledger of trusted institutions, which is really just the same thing as saying that *fiat money is made out of trust in \(powerful\) institutions*.
@_date: 2014-06-04 15:05:16
If they were things easily explained, everyone would be a Bitcoiner.
@_date: 2018-08-30 16:35:18
It is like answering what problem the internet solved. There really wasn't a problem the internet solved until after it existed. Crypto solves the problem of peer-to-peer digital value transfer, but this isn't really even understood to be a problem fully yet, yet in ten years we will wonder how we existed without it. 
@_date: 2018-05-12 07:15:00
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:17:21
And in a sense it is also impossible to say, yesyesyesyes bitcoin is money. I think what he meant, though, is that people are using it as money, and at some point if people are using something as money, then it is money. Put simply, something that is used as money **is** money, the textbooks just need to be updated. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:40:25
I don't know! But you know the old saying, money speaks louder that words!
@_date: 2014-09-12 14:57:41
The central bank is required to make fiat currency work. In a sense you could say that in the same way the "block chain" is the technology that makes Bitcoin work, central banks are the technology that makes fiat currencies work.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:28:33
Are you suggesting that a powerful entity is trying to drive down the price in order to put miners out of business, while simultaneously buying up hashing power, and that when they achieve majority control they will 51% attack the network?
@_date: 2014-09-25 23:52:21
Despite the article reading like FUD, I feel there is some validity to this concern. Namely, that forces that seek to destroy the cryptocurrency movement will target their energies specifically against Bitcoin, mistakenly believing that they could achieve their goals this way. 
Such interested parties might, for example, hire people who would explain to them that in order to destroy Bitcoin you must suppress the price and buy up the majority of hashing power at the same time, or something along these lines. 
This could be the equivalent of the recording industry throwing millions in legal fees trying to stop file sharing by focusing the brunt of their attack against Napster. Some expert, no doubt, told them at the time that this was their best strategy. And although Napster was destroyed, the average user of Napster really wasn't effected in the least as file sharing just continued and only got stronger. If an equally massive attempt was brought to bare against cryptocurrency, Bitcoin could suffer the brunt of the attack, just like Napster did, and it really wouldn't make much difference. 
Simply attacking Bitcoin were it is vulnerable -- namely, to a 51% attack from someone who controls the majority of hashing power -- might be the kind of thing the beleaguered industry might expect would forever end the Bitcoin "experiment". But all it would do is cause Bitcoin 2 to be started using a new consensus algorithm with the public ledger of the old Bitcoin just ported over. All they would have achieved was wasting a lot of money making Bitcoin stronger.
So I think there is a lot to consider in the Bitcoin/Napster comparison, and Bitcoin should always be prepared to take the brunt of an attack against the industry, even though those attacks will ultimately prove futile.   
@_date: 2018-05-14 23:33:54
Well it's no wonder you're still stuck paying off your mortgage if you throw your capital at things you believe to be Ponzi schemes. 
@_date: 2014-09-26 14:25:38
Mark Karpeles . . . is that you?
@_date: 2014-09-12 14:38:33
Nice analysis. When you start talking about the distinction between the commercial banks and the central bank, and how one helps the other, etc, you really are looking at the trees but not seeing the forest. The big picture is that the Fed and the commercial banks represent a single, monopolistic system that makes debt based currency possible, and that this system inherently depends on the existence of the Federal reserve. 
The 12 Federal reserve banks all have presidents who are appointed by their respective bank's board of directors. Each of these presidents serve on the Federal Open Market Committee that sets monetary policy. The majority of the board of directors, 6/9, who elect these presidents who decide the nation's monetary policy are elected by the commercial banks. So the commercial banks really control the Federal Reserve and its policies. The commercial banks and the central bank represent one system. You could say that the Fed is like the banking system's elected government. 
That system is essentially a monopoly system that makes debt based currency possible. That is, the vast majority of money created is created through commercial bank lending, which is possible because the closed nature of the system allows IOUs to be treated as money. This is only possible by reproducing the old system in which money was backed by precious metals through the use of a central bank which, in a sense, artificially recreates the effect of money being backed by some scarce commodity to prevent the system from unraveling. In this system, money itself becomes backed by debt so if that debt becomes bad, because people default, the money itself becomes bad. Fiat money depends on a society that is constantly and always capable of repaying its debts, -- that is to say, it depends on infinite growth of the economy -- and if at any time debts can't be repaid, you essentially have an old school run on the banks, only upon the entire system rather than specific banks. When the housing market collapsed, it wasn't the federal reserve that bailed out the banking system, it was the American people. 
So, in my mind, it is entirely fair to say that central banks are an essential innovation for the possibility of debt based currency and its ability to run smoothly. Indeed, central banks are what gave rise to debt based currency, they represent the key technology that makes the system possible. But debt based currency is inherently riddled with problems, and to the degree that it is, the central bank is indirectly responsible for this simply because debt backed currency requires the central bank to exist. 
@_date: 2014-10-16 14:11:53


Regarding a particular brand of haters, I get that impression as well. I suspect many of them wouldn't hate Bitcoin at all -- and perhaps would even embrace it -- if it weren't for this association. There are many people in this community who came here as moderate liberals themselves, so I don't think there is anything intrinsic to Bitcoin that offends the moderate Left. In all fairness, there may be a particular brand of liberals -- perhaps Keynesians-- who are willing to fight for the Federal Reserve, but most liberals I know do not really understand the Federal Reserve, and if anything are more inclined to hate the banking system than to embrace it. Occupy Wallstreet was generally supported by most liberals. On the other hand, I think the moderate left associates libertarians with the Tea Party, and I think this is where a lot of the hate is coming from. 
Also, I have found that there are just as many libertarian skeptics of Bitcoin (e.g., Peter Schiff and even Ron Paul), and in some cases haters of it. They usually come in the form of gold-bugs who have a hard time accepting Bitcoin for precisely the same reason they cannot accept fiat money, because bitcoins don't seem to have any intrinsic value. They view it as fake money the same way they view fiat as fake money, and this inclines them to think of it as a scam. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:25:20
I think the Bitcoin logo would sell well.
Bitcoin QR codes are visual representations of bitcoin addresses that can be scanned by smartphones to transfer money. [Here some examples](
Jewelry with QR codes would have to be custom made as each client would need to send you their unique Bitcoin address. You would then take this address, paste it into the website I sent, and generate its corresponding QR code. You then would carefully copy this QR code onto, say, the back of a pendant. This would then make this pendant capable of accepting Bitcoin payments. 
Someone wearing a piece of jewelry like that not only could accept Bitcoin payments in person, without the need to pull out their smartphone or get a tattoo, but photos of them wearing the jewelry could be used by others to send them tips over the internet. I can imagine those could become quite popular. 
@_date: 2014-06-01 14:21:18
Excellent explanation. I think before you get to decentralization, you might talk about scarcity. If money is to work as a "ledger of debt" as you put it, it cannot be made out of something that anyone can reproduce on a whim. There has to be a relatively fixed amount of units of account, otherwise it would be as if anyone could enter whatever numbers they wanted to into this public excel sheet and there would be no way of telling who was really owed what. Yes, Jessy just gave me $100 for painting the house to demonstrate I am now owed "painting a house" worth of labor. But if Jessy can just print himself out a fresh $100 on a whim, then $100 becomes meaningless.   
This is why money tended to be made out of precious metals - and later why paper money needed to be "backed" by them - because precious metals - like gold and silver - are not easily reproduced or forged. Jesse can't just print himself 100 gold coins, he would have to go and mine them. 
This, of course, has lead many people to be confused about the very nature of money, thinking it requires "intrinsic value". The reality is it simply requires scarcity to work as a public record of account. Early money needed to be made out of things that were "intrinsically" scarce, like gold, and these units of money, then, became extremely valuable. Naturally, "scarcity" and "intrinsic value" became conflated ideas. 
That scarcity is the essential quality of money, not "intrinsic value", is what allowed national currencies to decouple themselves from gold. By simply having a monopoly over the money supply, governments and central banks could create artificial scarcity and no longer required the scarcity provided by gold anymore. That is why our modern forms of money work without being backed by anything of intrinsic value (people sometimes talk about the dollar being backed by abstractions such as the "full faith and credit of the US government", but that is just because they are holding onto this idea of intrinsic value and are at a loss as to what actually gives the dollar its value). 
Bitcoin seeks to also artificially reproduce this essential quality of money, "scarcity", without resorting to the use of monopolistic control over money. It achieves scarcity by limiting the number of bitcoins issued (using a concept called 'mining'), and more importantly, by solving what is referred to as the 'double spending' problem, which really just means that Bitcoin prevents people from being able to spend their money more than once, an issue that for digital currency is the equivalent of counterfeiting. So it creates artificial scarcity, without the need for a central bank or a government. Indeed, Bitcoin could be said to have invented digital scarcity.
This would be the time to introduce the concept of decentralization . . . 
[This talk]( by Wences Casares gives an excellent overview of these concepts. 
@_date: 2014-09-05 15:13:20
The fed is a monopoly granted by the government and controlled by the banking cartel. The government works for the fed, not the other way around. Who do you think the government owes the vast majority of their debt to, China?
@_date: 2014-09-29 04:43:08


The cryptocurrency economy is going to explode when internet and social network technologies harness the power of peer-2-peer finance to go beyond just being information networks and transform into economic networks. No one can quite anticipate what that will look like yet, but it most definitely will not be this piddly use-bitcoin-to-buy-shit-from-Amazon model so many people seem to have. Bitcoin cynics simply lack the intuition of what is possible, they're trying to conceptually fit a square peg into a round hole . . . they see it doesn't fit and can't imagine why anyone would think it ever would. Most Bitcoiners recognize the cyrptocurrency economy hasn't been built yet. Merchant adoption is not the goal, it is just a phase of adoption. Investors in cryptocurrency are investing in the future. We are thinking much bigger than you guys realize, but you don't understand it isn't Bitcoin per se that we see becoming huge . . . it is the whole cryptocurrency economy that will become huge. We are talking world changing huge. 
The reason Bitcoin is undergoing the current decline is because there is serious doubt among cryptocurrency investors about whether Bitcoin itself represents the cryptocurrency economy. No serious bitcoiner is doubting the future of cryptocurrency, we are just in doubt about Bitcoin itself with regard to that future. These doubts started with the 51% issue over the summer and today bitcoin is being hammered daily by new and improved consensus algorithms or altcoins or crypto projects that seem to be just moving ahead at light speed while the Bitcoin devs seem asleep at the wheel. There is constant question about whether PoW is sustainable, the lack of any action from the core devs, and other fundamental questions about Bitcoin's long term viability as the leader in the space. Then you jokers show up with all of your lame "ponzi-scheme" and "told you so" arguments . . . they just sound stupid, there are bigger issues here. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 07:35:12
Mark Karpeles . . . is that you?
@_date: 2018-05-10 20:08:21
Whatever we use as money\-\-\-whatever underlying thing our money is made out of\-\-\-that thing is used as money because it is the best thing to make money out of, just as some metals are best used to create swords, or some materials make the best clothing. 
But if that thing is better than all other possible things at serving as the "substance" from which money is made, then it can hardly be said that that thing has no value in use. 
The thing which we make our money out of is valuable in use precisely because its use is to make money. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 04:24:33
No. All the evidence -- and the [evidence is pretty overwhelming]( -- points to Mark Karpeles took the money and ran.
See, the thing with Bitcoin is that once you have the money, it is yours, no one can just forcibly take it (or necessarily prove that you have it). So there is no actual need to literally run. Indeed, doing so would just be to admit guilt. Better to face the courts, do a light amount of time - which is far more likely with Bitcoin since few really understand the technology - and in the end you become one of the richest men on the planet. Indeed, Karpeles now owns more Bitcoin than pretty much anyone short of Satoshi himself. So while you are laughing at him for a being a fat slob of a joke . . . I think the reality is that he is one of the great criminal masterminds of our age, and probably even more so for convincing everyone that he was just a joke. 
Sure, Coinbase can play by the rules, become a hugely successful company and everyone gets rich . . . or they can just take the money, do a bit of time, and become even richer! So this is an obvious concern and a problem with these centralized Bitcoin exchanges, especially shadier ones like BTC-e. 
The truth is, Bitcoin is in much earlier stages than we would like to admit, and it won't really have arrived at puberty until these centralized exchanges have either discovered a way of letting their customers maintain full control over their private keys (the way Blockchain claims to), or have been completely replaced in their capacity as exchanges by decentralized alternatives.
@_date: 2014-10-12 05:15:19
So true. But to be fair, both parties support the banking system.
@_date: 2018-05-14 19:26:14
One more point. Crypto investments are no different than investments in companies; your capital is working. This is because cryptos are not the currencies, but rather the networks that underlie those currencies along with their surrounding eco-systems. These networks fundamentally require capital to grow and innovate, and the explosion of talent, economic vitality, and innovation we see happening in the space right now is a direct consequence of all that capital that moved into crypto in 2017. You think if bitcoin were still at 2 cents any of this would be happening? Let's not be absurd and go down the "crypto is a ponzi" road, OK?
@_date: 2014-09-25 16:54:24
Hey, thanks for this. Interesting read.
@_date: 2014-08-23 15:57:27
I think you've certainly pinpointed one factor driving the hate. But the things you outlined that cause people to conclude Bitcoin is a scam really apply to any/all speculative investments. People make or lose an insane amount of money very quickly with any speculative investment, and the more people invest, the more money the early investors make. There is really nothing new or different about Bitcoin from other highly speculative investments with regards to the factors you outline. 
However, unlike other high-risk investments, Bitcoin success depends on developing an entirely new economic infrastructure. It is, in short, a revolution. Andreas Antonopoulos refers to it as the "Internet of Money". But if you don't have that vision, then it seems like you just have this clunky fake money that serves no real purpose and no advantages over the existing system. If it has no purpose and solves no problem, then the only people who will ever use it are people who expect the price to go up, and that is the sign of a ponzi-like situation.
That Bitcoin might be a scam your nephew Johnny has unfortunately fallen prey to is scary, but what is more distressing is that Johnny believes in it the way Margret believes in Jesus. The deeper you understand Bitcoin, the more you can't contain your enthusiasm. When people see this enthusiasm it makes them think "religion", and that instantly causes people to conclude "scam". They lose a tremendous amount of respect for the said relative or friend, and it makes them hate Bitcoin all the more. (The thing is, they chose to believe Johnny was a misguided fool, rather than to give him the benefit of the doubt and keep an open mind. If they had really respected him before hand, then they would have thought to themselves, "hmmm, well, maybe there is something to this Bitcoin thing!" You can almost tell who your best friends are by how they react to your Bitcon enthusiasm.)
Bitcoin is profoundly difficult to explain to people. Even explaining the simple question of what it is always starts out on the wrong foot. It is so difficult because this thing is so huge. But the moment you say that they get this strange look on their face and you can just almost hear what they are thinking. Ultimately, however, it doesn't matter, because in the end money speaks louder than words. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 05:10:42
I am a liberal. I feel a great deal of kinship with many of the views expressed by libertarian minded people in this community. In some ways anarchists are more liberal than most liberals. The liberal attitude is fundamentally in favor of the little guy and in opposition to the concentration and abuse of power by the powerful. Being pro-state or anti-state is really just window dressing. Some liberals feel the democratic state is the best defender of the average joe, other liberals feel the state is corrupt and primarily interested in propping up the powerful. The opinions vary, but the fundamental orientation of wanting to see joy and prosperity spread far and wide, and not just monopolized by the few, is the same for most liberals. This same view is expressed over and over, in one form or another, within the Bitcoin community. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:24:39


It is not his credentials that matter here, it is what he has said about Bitcoin that sounds incredibly uneducated. Decouple the name from the words and he would just be your average r/buttcoin troll.
@_date: 2014-09-21 03:11:49
Good point. I think the general trajectory is toward using 'bitcoin' rather than 'bitcoins'. When you hear someone say, "I want more bitcoins!" something sounds off, at least to me. I believe this is largely due to the double meaning of the word 'bitcoin' to refer both to the currency and to the network. Most of the time when Bitcoin is discussed, it is with a capital 'B', which gets me into the habit of thinking of it being one thing. This way of thinking is slowly adjusting me toward exactly what you are talking about, where I see money as a liquid rather than discrete units. It seems simpler just to always use 'Bitcoin' with a capital 'B', regardless if my meaning is "Bitcoin is the future!" or "you owe me .2 Bitcoin". That feels more natural, and it is simpler than worrying about whether I use capital or lowercase 'b' or whether it is plural or singular. That makes me think this may become more normative over time. 
Also, we often talk about how we should use 'bits' rather than BTC as the default denomination, for the sake of perception, but the paradox is we are trying to change other people's perception by changing our own . . . because the more you use Bitcoin, the more comfortable you become with things like ".001 bitcoin".  
@_date: 2014-10-09 14:48:27
Son, our trolls are some of the best trolls on the internet. Go back to and get some training, you don't belong here. 
@_date: 2014-06-19 14:52:37
What is becoming increasingly clear is that ordinary Joes - in this case, ordinary Satoshis - are going to be the last people to the party. 
Meanwhile, the elites of the world are like the zombie hoard just at the moment it is beginning to realize that that shack with the tin door is filled with juicy quivering humans.
Everyone was so worried about regulation, that is the last thing that is going to happen. Once the elites have licked the bones clean, only then will the ordinary Joes start to realize, "gee, this Bitcoin thing is pretty cool!" and at that precise moment, regulation will kick in. 
@_date: 2018-05-03 19:26:15
\&gt; But did you know that the USA cannot default on it's loans?
The government can't default on the nominal value of the debt, but it can default on the real value of the debt. That is to say, the debt can become worthless in real value even while the government can still print more money to repay it.
But precisely because the debt can never *not* be repaid in nominal value, the value of the dollar must drop to reflect the declining value of the debt. If this were not the case, the government could simply print as much money as it wants and buy up all of the world's assets. It would be a big "I Win!" button. The economy doesn't work like that.
@_date: 2014-08-23 16:01:52
I can completely relate to this. I have spent long hours, to no prevail, trying to rationally justify my meat eating as well. But at no point have I ever felt like hating on my vegetarian friends, in fact I have only respect for them. So this analogy unfortunately falls short with regard to the Bitcoin hate. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:14:47
Exactly, very well explained.
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:09:00


If everything that makes it more difficult for law enforcement to do their jobs were made illegal, we wouldn't have any freedoms at all. Now in all fairness, prior to Bitcoin there was rarely the need for most law-abiding citizens to money launder. 
But with the advent of cryptocurrency, money laundering turned from something previously only used by criminals, into a basic civil need by those who hold cryptocurrency, and that is perhaps one of the less mentioned reasons for the resistance against Bitcoin. If Bitcoin use becomes widespread there will be a dramatic increase in the need for people to clean their money trail, it will be seen as a basic right and duty of responsible citizens to do so. This will fundamentally break the criminalizing of money laundering. 
It isn't that people like Lawsky aren't merely afraid that Bitcoin will facilitate money laundering, they are afraid that Bitcoin will legalize money laundering. 
With fiat money, the history of the dollar in your wallet isn't plain to see. I don't have to worry that the dollars I just used to pay for an ice cream cone were previously used to support child pornography. But with bitcoin, unless one has the ability to "clean" their coins, one risks having their entire finances exposed to the public and the complete loss of privacy with ones money. What was before an attempt by criminals to hide from law enforcement will become a basic need for ordinary citizens to preserve their privacy from their prying neighbor. You can't be throwing grandma in prison just because she didn't want grandpa to know what she is secretly supporting the Democratic party. 
Bitcoin changes our relationship to money, from something we just slavishly accepted as a necessary evil, to something profoundly intimate and a basic civil right. 
@_date: 2018-05-04 05:38:47
The US dollar is primarily backed by US debt. Whenever the Fed wishes to increases the supply of money they do so by purchasing, primarily, US debt. Conversely, when they wish to combat inflation and remove money from circulation they do so by primarily selling US debt.
If suddenly all that debt became worthless, the monetary system would collapse.
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:57:13
Seriously? Is it because Glenn Beck is now endorsing bitcoin that suddenly all of the racist trash is descending on the community?
The principles of libertarianism sound great until these people come out of the wood work and then you realize that all this hatred for government really boils down to the fact that some people, a lot of people, just want the ability to act on their racism -- government being the only thing standing in their way. If it wasn't for the fact that all of these people hate me just because I am black I would be a libertarian, but without government what is to stop these people from doing what they have always done historically?
@_date: 2014-10-07 03:27:06
It is amazing how similar each "hype cycle" looks.
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:52:42
Then why are you constantly here trolling, Haviq?
@_date: 2014-10-23 06:07:29
completely own this thread. Always interesting to see what motivates that community. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:55:38
This thread is controlled by @_date: 2018-05-31 08:59:36
The fundamental achievement of fiat money, an achievement only partially realized by earlier variants of money, was in how it gives the economy the ability to reach into the future and pull the economic vitality of that future into the present. 
It achieves this by making the algorithm by which new money is created to be "investment." New money is created whenever the banking system invests in something, and it decides what to invest in after assessing a picture of the future. 
That is to say, the liquidity of modern money is superior to earlier forms of money because it provides less economic friction between what is and what wants to become. Earlier forms of money that did not do this led to stagnant economies, ones that slowly crawled their way toward progress one generation at a time because the future had no way of lending a guiding hand when money had no ability to imagine beyond today. 
Slowly lending came into existence, but that lending was always tempered by the fact that the money supply itself was permanently tethered to the past, rather than adjusting to meet the future. That is, until pure fiat money was born, with a money supply no longer so restricted. 
But the money was still restricted, it now could open its supply to the future fully, but the future itself could not be grasped by a monetary system necessarily dedicated to one, and only one, vision of the future. That is, a single currency, dedicated to the vision of the nation state, is simply too unimaginative to grasp a global world.
We say fiat money is a debt based money. All that means is it is a money whose sole criteria for determining the money supply is the future. But since the future is never concrete and can be poorly predicted, the moment everyone realizes the future isn't what the seers thought, an economic crisis ensues. And time after time after time this crisis occurs, because fiat money is not capable of accurately grasping the future.
The only way, really, for the future to be seamlessly and fluidly embraced is for the present to be in a constant state of continual, accurate prediction, a phenomena that will only be achievable through the collective A.I. and social media driven hive mind of cryptoeconomics and a plurality of monies and currencies, each reflecting different values, which through their competition provide the ideal levels of liquidity. 
Deflation, inflation. These concepts are completely rearranged in the context of cryptoeconomics. The criticism against bitcoin in being a deflationary currency originates from an economic worldview that cannot imagine the world without monopolistic currency. And though Bitcoin maximalists persist, their resolve continue to weaken under the sheer weight of what the crypto space has become. As much as we would have liked the early vision of Bitcoin to have been a clear seeing into the future, the truth is that is exactly the kind of thinking that lies at the heart of fiat money. We must recognize Bitcoin as the miracle that sparked this revolution and whose light will never dim by virtue of that fact alone, yet also admit that where we are going, no one knows, and only we, collectively, can predict the future by becoming part of it.  
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:43:17
You are a racist piece of shit.
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:41:22
The volatility is what makes Bitcoin sexy.
@_date: 2014-07-23 17:38:58
I don't think you are seeing the big picture here. Bitcoin hasn't yet fully matured, and if it isn't possible to "clean" your coins, and the types of regulations that Lawsky is promoting go through and demand all addresses be tied to personal information, then personal identities will be associated with every address, and that information will be publicly available. There will be no need to share an account with your wife, she will be able to simply go to a block explorer and see every single financial transaction you have made and exactly who you sent the money to. 
Obviously this isn't the case yet, but if we go down the path some are advocating it will be. This is why "dark" technologies are inevitable and necessary. And, sure, technically "money laundering" involves criminal activity, but at root it is just the ability to clean your money, which is exactly what we are talking about with dark technologies. Of course, if the very act of cleaning your money is turned criminal then, yes, even Joe Bob trying to hide his illicit affair might be considered criminal. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 01:51:12
Never click on the ads . . . 
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:37:47
I know older people who still refuse to shop online for more or less the same reasons. I know elderly people who don't know how to use the internet, and I know many middle aged people who try to keep their internet use to a bare minimum, some don't even have internet connections in their homes! Talking to these people about Bitcoin just seems . . . abusive.
Mainstream adoption of something as cutting edge as Bitcoin isn't going to happen from the old, it is going to happen from the new.
@_date: 2014-07-22 15:29:30
My feeling is that there is an inherent problem when powerful institutions and governments are given more privacy and secrecy than ever before, but the public is increasingly expected to forsake all of their privacy. This paradigm is creating a situation where "privacy" = not seen by other citizens, but privacy from the government is something no "law-abiding" citizens is ever expected to need or want. So when you say, "how do we support law enforcement stopping criminals AND facilitate the privacy of money" what you really mean is how do we let government know everything about you while keeping that information hidden from your fellow citizens. This is all just laying the bricks for an eventual police state. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 15:46:53


Think of it as a decentralized exchange, meaning an exchange which uses a block chain. When you trade on the exchange, everything you trade is kind of like a "fake" version of its respective real life asset. So, for example, when you purchase bitcoins on the exchange, you are really only getting "fake bitcoins". These fake bitcoins have their price pegged to real bitcoins and you can trade them on the exchange. This makes Bitshares a kind of predictions market, where the price of bitcoin is what is being gambled on, some people who think it is going to go up, some who think it is going to go down. However, unlike traditional predictions markets, the assets being bet on -- in this case bitcoins -- have actual tokens associated with them which can be traded. That is, these "fake bitcoins" can be traded just like any other cryptocoin. This is why Bitshares is sometimes referred to as a decentralized bank, because they are essentially providing a way to expand the Bitcoin money supply, where actual bitcoins are like m0 money, and fake bitcoins are like m1 money. When you purchase bitshares, you are essentially buying partial ownership of BitsharesX, and my understanding is that all profits from the exchange are distributed to shareholders of the exchange. 
Sorry for the sloppy and incomplete explanation. I have to run, and haven't looked incredibly closely at BitsharesX, so I am not sure how accurate my explanation is. Hopefully this is more helpful, however, than some of the other responses you have gotten. 
@_date: 2018-05-14 19:08:52
The issue is not with lending---I have no issue with lending, so don't go down that rabbit hole. It is an interesting topic, but not the point here. The point here is that structurally, fiat currency depends on lending, which makes it fundamentally vulnerable, whereas crypto does not.
Fiat money is, quite simply, the debt of banks. That is to say, all fiat money in existence represents the liabilities of some bank. Those liabilities must be balanced with assets lest the bank become insolvent, and since banks cannot legally print money for any other purpose than to lend, those assets that keep banks solvent are fundamentally the debt of borrowers. Since without banks fiat money simply would not exist, if banks collectively became insolvent, fiat money would collapse entirely.
The money itself, in other words, is dependent on debt being repaid. If for any reason there were a massive collection of defaults, the monetary system would be in danger. 
Furthermore, the system is simultaneously dependent on the existence of debt because without debt there would be no money. If everyone paid off their debts without an equal amount of new loans being issued, the system would collapse as there would cease to be any money in circulation. 
So the fiat monetary system is fundamentally dependent on lending because lending is how money is created. And this means this money is intrinsically vulnerable for the same reasons debt is vulnerable and fundamental dynamic is what informs everyone's views on inflation and deflation, whether they are aware of it or not.  
It has nothing to do with whether I believe in lending or not. That is completely beside the point. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 19:44:21


Without those "greedy fucks" the revolutionary potential will never be realized, and it is precisely because so many people are getting rich, and will continue to do so, from bitcoin that the revolutionary potential becomes almost inevitable.
Bitcoin is new money, and the primary role of money is to provide \(economic\) liquidity. Yes, it would be nice to be able to purchase a coffee from Starbucks with bitcoin, and that would certainly represent increased liquidity, but the importance of that pales in comparison with the building of the liquidity infrastructure that exchanges, speculators, traders, investors, and entrepreneurs represent. Even the lowly trader trying to short bitcoin and trolling the forums is helping to grow this into the backbone of the 21st century financial system.
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:29:47
He did not say "global government", he said "global civilization". The difference is critical, because some would argue that we cannot reach a global civilization while relying on the nation-state model of hierarchical governance through power. 
@_date: 2014-10-16 14:38:04
I think in order to perceive a "cargo cult" you have to believe the enthusiasm is on some level unwarranted, which is by implication a statement about Bitcoin itself. 
@_date: 2014-08-14 14:25:49
[This post]( is probably the most accurate explanation of what happened. 


You just described what many many people have concluded using detailed analysis. Here is a very in-depth explanation and probably what you are looking for:
@_date: 2014-09-19 16:07:10
Bitcoin always had value, the value was in the technology. However, now we have many altcoins that use the same technology, so the intrinsic value is no longer intrinsic as it were. Bitcoin could, theoretically, go to zero, at which point no one would mine it and thus no one could actually trade it. I'm sure there must be bitcoin clones that have already suffered the same fate. 


OK, this conversation is over, you clearly have an agenda. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 14:11:45
The thing is, there is probably a huge herd of people saying exactly this, "don't buy now, wait until its lower, wait for it . . . wait for it . . . " Once the price turns around this herd is going to panic and are going to buy in so quickly that unless you keep a very close eye on the price and trigger finger ready to buy, you may get screwed. Just look at Dogecoin the past month. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 04:05:23
RemindMe! 1 Year
@_date: 2014-10-07 03:06:21
Wow. You are the first person I have read to point this out, and I think you are spot on. This is the real reason for the downtrend, I am convinced of it. 
I don't know much about markets, but I know that confidence in Bitcoin was profoundly hurt by the ghash.io crisis. This erosion of confidence was deep and profound. It tore at the very fabric of one of the basic things people had come to believe made Bitcoin special, namely, decentralization. 
The fact that Peter Todd just threw up his hands in despair, and it seemed that Bitcoin was completely incapable of evolving past the problem, just broke something for people. No voice really stepped forward proposing a real solution, there was just silence. 
And what happened was this kind of loss of faith in Proof-of-Work, and a growing belief that centralization is inevitable, and since it is inevitable, we might as well go to the dark side and embrace proof-of-stake, since it offers many advantages once decentralization is off the table. And with that, slowly you had this growing movement of belief that Bitcoin has served its purpose, but it is time for us to move onto more advanced, 2nd generation, proof-of-stake (or its variants) coins. 
But fundamentally, the embrace of these proof-of-stake oriented consensus algorithms really comes down to one thing, a deep feeling that Proof-of-work fails to maintain decentralization, and therefore all the wasted electricity is just that . . . wasted electricity. 
Many people at the time were convinced that ghash.io was going to really hurt the price in the long run. I think those people have been proven correct. Of course, there is no way to prove that they were correct, but the price did go down, and consistently, just as predicted. 
I believe proof-of-work is inherently superior to the proof-of-stake oriented algorithms for the simple reason that it separates power over the monetary system from possession of the majority of coins. Of course, someone with a lot of coins can pull market manipulation and what not, as Barewhale demonstrates, but they cannot change the code, they cannot double spend, they do not control the network just by virtue of having the most Bitcoins. With Proof-of-stake, they do. And in my opinion that is basically dangerous. 
I feel that if increased decentralization could be restored, through eliminating the incentive for mining pools or some other method, confidence in Bitcoin would be restored at this fundamental level and the price would follow. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 01:07:56
You're a moron, how is that narrative steering for you?
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:52:09
Excellent, excellent point. (The fact is, if Bitcoin is just money, why is it so impossible to explain to people?)
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:47:56
Yes, the bitcoin logo. Custom QR codes would, of course, be amazing if possible. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:26:35
Exactly. It gives a sense not only why Bitcoin works as a currency (scarcity being the foundation of money), but also why Bitcoin is simultaneously so much more than just a currency. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:44:45


Umm . . . isn't your post an example of this?
@_date: 2014-06-23 14:31:02
Both are required, community and the math. The math introduces the critical element of scarcity which previously made it impossible for anything on the internet to carry value, since all virtual objects could be copied indefinitely. But just because virtual units which cannot be copied are now possible with the advent of Bitcoin, those units still require that the community considers them valuable. 
An analogy: a work of art, historically, has often been an object that carried high financial value. One of the principle reasons for this was because each work of art was unique (scarce). Equally essential, however, was that the community decided those respective pieces of art had value. In and of themselves, the art has no value. But the scarcity and collective assertion that they do have value makes them so. If, on the other hand, a piece of art could be easily copied and no one could tell the original from the copies, then it would rapidly lose value. Likewise, if an artist makes a very talented work, but the community decides it is just derivative and boring, it too won't have much value. 
For value to exist, both scarcity and consensus are required. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 23:19:26
It goes without saying that miners can't simply drive up the price indefinitely. At some point, mining ceases to be profitable.
The point is, if you compare bitcoin mining to gold or oil production you are going to be mislead here. Increased gold mining or oil drilling increases the supply of the commodity which decreases the relative weight of demand causing downward pressure on the price. When oil producers ramp up production, for instance, the increased production causes a drop in the price of oil as now there is less scarcity and a greater supply of oil.
With bitcoin it is the opposite. Increased mining does not alter the supply, all it does is increase the number of people \(figuratively; literally, the demand\) who are fighting over that fixed supply, which raises the price. In fact, the hashrate actually represents the price of bitcoin, denominated in proof of work, as set by the network. One need merely determine the cost per hash in USD and divide the block reward schedule to determine the base price in USD the network is selling bitcoin for.
If the network is selling for a price that is actually even to what the market is selling for, that is what Fundstrat means by the "break even" point. It is the point at which buying from the network directly is just as expensive as buying on exchanges. Fundstrat is making the argument that as the price approaches the break even point, miners begin to reduce the amount of bitcoin they sell on exchanges, because what's the point of selling at the same price you just bought the item for \(and any decent miner will have robust rainy day funds for operational costs\). With next generation miners on the way, Fundstrat argues, miners will need to upgrade in order to remain competitive. But doing so will increase costs which will drive the "break even" price up.
@_date: 2014-09-18 13:53:33
So you drive down the price while also buying hashing power -- price goes down, hashing power goes up -- you effectively drive all the miners out of business and then you control over 51% of the network and that percentage will continue to grow. When you control a large majority of the network, you launch the final attack to destroy Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:01:07
When a liberal becomes a libertarian they are called "anarchists". 
@_date: 2014-10-05 22:49:26


What do you mean, "you all"? This guy has completely lost it. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 13:59:20


No, because the market cap ultimately provides the security for PoW coins, so that if you had a coin with a $100,000 market cap, no matter what percentage of the hashing power was controlled by non-malicious actors, the coin would be profoundly insecure because of that coin's relative hashing power compared to its outside competitors (a competitor coin with a $2,000,000,000 market cap would have far more hashing power behind it), and the potential hashing power of the outside world in general. The proportional ownership of hashing power mining the coin doesn't provide any additional security from outside threats, the only thing that matters is how much hashing power the coin has compared to what the outside world has, since at any time the outside world can bring their hashing power to bare. It is always better to have more decentralization in PoW because decentralization provides security from inside threats, so to speak. So you want both decentralization and large market cap in PoW systems.
 
Let's say you wanted to start a new coin to represent shares in your company. If you made a PoW coin, you would have to essentially pray that no malicious entity would attack your network. Prayer isn't exactly good security. On the other hand, if you created a PoS system and gave yourself 51% of the shares, then your system is effectively as safe as any, no outside attackers are a threat (as long as you aren't willing to sell). So even though you have a tiny market cap, your coin is safe.
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:18:23
Well, it looks like he published this article literally the day the 2011 bubble popped, and if you had invested $10,000 in bitcoin on that day, by November it was worth about $1000. So he must have seemed pretty smart back then. 
The problem is, today that $10,000 - assuming you just held onto it - would be worth 2 million dollars . . . and that is someone investing at the very height of the bubble. If you were reading the article to get investment advice, then he does seem pretty moronic in retrospect, there is really no way around that. 
In a way, all of the theory goes out the back door and all the rational arguments seem just abstract and stupid when you realize that most people who invested even modest amounts in Bitcoin back when this article was telling them not to are millionaires today. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 14:38:27


@_date: 2018-05-13 05:16:24
That's really only applicable to fiat currency \(~~and specifically fiat currency in the context of 20th century technology~~\). Yes, it's popular today to explain that money must be dog shit so no one wants to hold onto it, after all, we all want to see the global assets bubble continue.
But the reality is that deflation is bad for fiat currency because fiat currency is backed by debt, and deflation raises the real value of debt making it harder to repay loans and making defaults more likely. Cascading defaults can cause the type of crisis we saw in 2008, where suddenly the entire banking system was facing collapse. For all the talk of "backed by government," people forget just how precarious fiat money is because of this fundamental reliance on debt. This reliance on debt is what makes inflation essential to such a monetary system, as inflation gradually withers away the real value of debt and keeps the system less likely to collapse.
@_date: 2018-05-03 18:30:59
Max was one of the first people on Earth to recommend Bitcoin. I believe at the time he first brought attention to it it was trading in the single digits. If he is such an idiot . . . one has to wonder how he made that kind of call.
It was precisely the type of people who were recommending silver back in the day who had the intellectual predilection to jump onto crypto so early while everyone else just laughed. That isn't luck, there was some fundamental insight they possessed that most others lacked.  
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:39:58


Exactly.  
@_date: 2014-10-04 16:14:55
Look, obviously we are in dark days, and everyone (minus the buttcoiners) are feeling depressed. It is natural to question whether the craziness of these ups and downs can translate into currency when two or the three qualities of money -- according to textbook definitions -- are stability (the price remains relatively the same) and security (a relatively safe store of value). 
But grandma who is looking for stability and security is going to be the last person to the Bitcoin party. The volatility of Bitcoin is why it is so incredibly sexy and exciting. Bitcoin is the fucking Wild West, and it will continue to be a crazy ride for some time. In fact, I think it is going to get crazier, a lot crazier. Bitcoiners may be basement dwellers, but they have balls of steel that make that tattooed, musclebound, motorcycle driving douchebag outside look just as clueless and impotent as grandma.
Traders are making a lot of money, traders are losing a lot of money, but one thing is for sure . . . Bitcoin attracts traders like honey attracts ants. They are all over it, providing the critical liquidity without which Bitcoin couldn't survive. Bitcoin is big, everyone knows that. Why do you think we are inundated with trolls? Trolls are attracted to enthusiasm like flies are attracted to a picnic. If Bitcoin were stable and secure and everyone knew basically what is was and what it ever would be, no one would really care. Fortune 500 tech companies are constantly trying to create some new piece of shit "innovation" to generate even a taste of the kind of enthusiasm Bitcoin has created. 
People make money when Bitcoin goes up, and they make money when Bitcoin goes down. And some of these fuckers who are making a killing right now as Bitcoin goes down come onto these forums and talk about how Bitcoin is a ponzi, how it is doomed, and how Bitcoiners are self-deluded idiots, and then when the price plummets and their short sell amounts to big profits, they buy back in, create a new reddit account, and start pumping about how amazing bitcoin is. This is the Wild West. 
Right now you have some big whales pushing the price down, probably in anticipation of the Winklevoss ETF. Hell, it is probably the Winklevoss twins who are pushing the price down themselves. As soon as the ETF goes live the selling will stop and there will be a huge surge in the price, and everyone will think it is because of the ETF and new wall street investors flooding in, and business news will go crazy and spam the airwaves with talk about Bitcoin and everyone will want in and Lawsky will have just passed regulations (perfectly time with the ETF) that makes the whole thing look entirely legit, and the trolls will completely vanish, and everyone will be singing the praises of Bitcoin. New startups will form, bitcoin related technologies are going to dramatically expand, merchants are going to go mad trying to get in on the action, governments will begin to get nervous, the whole thing is going to become an obsession of the mainstream press, everyone and their mother is going to want to have some, Bitcoin will be so easy to buy people are going to be buying like crazy, the President will mention Bitcoin, teenagers will be trading bitcoin, it will become a major topic of political discussion, and each and every one of you tards are going to be a hell of a lot more wealthy than you are now, and we will talk nostalgically about the crash of 2014. 
Then someone will mention that Bitcoin always loses 2/3rds of its value after every bubble . . . 
@_date: 2014-10-07 16:21:13


That's called an altcoin. There are hundreds of them. There are broadly two types of coins, ones that use hardware to secure the block chain, and ones that use software. 
Of the ones that use hardware, like Bitcoin, there can only be a few that survive long term, in my opinion. The reason for this is, put simply, because all the coins compete over the same limited mining resources. So if one coin is dramatically ahead of the rest, the other coins can't catch up and compete and permanently lack security (and a coin without security is never going to be worth much). So when people say, "it is about the block chain" they really aren't talking about making a direct copy of Bitcoin, because that won't work. For hardware backed block chains, the strength of the network, the security of the network, is proportional to the market cap. 
What they are usually talking about is securing the block chain using software, rather than mining hardware. The reason this holds a lot of promise is that software backed block chains don't compete with one another over limited resources. Their security is, in a sense, more internal to the system. They have a profound difference, however, which is that they can be eventually be permanently controlled by a single entity, this is because whoever controls the majority units of account owns the block chain. Hardware backed block chains like Bitcoin can be temporarily controlled by a single entity, because whoever owns the majority hashing power (mining) controls the block chain, but this control can be wrestled from them at any time by other people just getting more hashing power. (Hopefully Bitcoin will be improved further to make it extremely difficult for this kind of mining centralization.) Software backed block chains lead to permanent control that can only be given up voluntarily, since the person with majority units of account would have to sell. This is actually a real benefit in certain circumstances. For instance, if you created a software backed block chain to create a autonomous corporation. To secure the block chain from outside threats you would only need issue yourself the majority stock, a malicious attacker could only gain 51% control of the block chain by buying up your stock, which you wouldn't sell. This kind of security using a block chain couldn't be accomplished using the system Bitcoin uses. Whoever owns the majority shares of the company, would essentially also potentially own the block chain itself. So it is centralized, but much more fluid and profound than traditional companies. Owning majority shares wouldn't just give you legal control, it would give you actual control over the company. I'll leave it to your imagination to think of the implications of this. 
But I don't see how this could work for a currency, because the last thing you would want is the block chain to be permanently owned by a single entity. (Furthermore, you have a potentially unlimited number of these software based block chains, making them less scarce and harder to maintain as a currency short of government enforcement like fiat.) So when people talk about "it is not bitcoin, it is the block chain" I don't think they are talking about money, they are talking about all the other financial possibilities behind block chain tech. But raw money, money will always be Bitcoin imho, at least m0 money.  
Bitcoin goes through phases, with each phase some new issue becomes the focus of why Bitcoin is flawed. The previous phase was concerned with Bitcoin's lack of strong anonymity. The current phase is concerned with mining centralization, and started with the 51% ghash.io crisis earlier this year. With this concern software backed block chains started to be taken very seriously and has lead to this current atmosphere of doubt about Bitcoin's future against these competitors. I don't see them as competitors, but most people do. The day Peter Todd says software block chains are superior, maybe I'll change my mind. But I think people like Peter Todd have the longer vision and a purity of intention and spirit that I agree with. I believe Bitcoin is going to come through this period even stronger and you will have the rise of the appcoins, which are coins that exist on top of the Bitcoin block chain and use it for their own purposes (like bacteria living on your skin) growing in popularity. 
BTW, love your videos!
@_date: 2014-09-30 00:58:57
I think this is a very good and important point, and will be more and more relevant in the future. Price locking is one possible solution people are talking about. Essentially, price locking is where Average Joe would click a button which says "I want my Bitcoin's to always be worth exactly what they are worth now ($600)." Then the amount of bitcoin in his account adjusts to always equal $600. 
So, for example, if at the time 1 bitcoin = $600, and then in a year 1 bitcoin = $6000, Joe would end up with 0.1 bitcoin in his account. If the price went down so that bitcoin ended up being only $60, Joe would end up with 10 bitcoin in his account. The point is, Joe would always have exactly $600 worth of Bitcoin in his account. There are various ways to achieve this, and companies like coinapult and bitshares are already looking into this. 
One of the real drawbacks to price locking that I see is that you have to rely on a trusted 3rd party and give up control of your private keys. That is a big problem. But assuming price locking does become part of the future, I can imagine a day where fiat currencies are actually dropped as the measuring stick of value. 
Right now we assume value measurement is embedded in currency. $10 today will roughly equal $10 tomorrow, and as long as this remains relatively fixed, so we don't really notice the gradual change, we are fine will just using dollars as a measuring stick. But imagine if we were to separate the ability to measure value from currency itself, so that we had a universal system of measurement that was fixed and never subject to change because it wasn't itself something that could be traded. Then all currencies relative values could be measured against this one universal system, rather than measuring them against deceptively stable fiat currencies as we do now. 
@_date: 2014-09-21 02:18:34
Hmmm . . . does sound kinda crazy now that you put it that way . . . 
@_date: 2014-10-04 14:31:32
You know, the future of the nation state itself isn't at all clear. I just thought it was easier to talk about future entities of power as nation states just for simplicity's sake. I wasn't really ultimately trying to make a sci-fi prediction of the future, but rather to make the more general point that at some point the battle to control the currency may trump the desire to make money (as the driving incentive behind mining). 
@_date: 2014-05-02 13:52:37
But isn't this like saying you need to always have a horse and carriage in case an EMP pulse in the atmosphere makes cars no longer start? Or you need hunting skills in case the day comes when we can't use a grocery store? Or you need to be able to make and interpret smoke signals in case we can't use cell phones?
All that is good, but TODAY I would rather communicate using a cell phone than relying on smoke signals!
@_date: 2014-09-18 13:42:59
Have you seen the price of bitcoin lately? Now you know what those stolen coins have been doing. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 18:38:49
If you want to attack a PoS system, you need to actually purchase the coins, but in attempting to do so you drive up the price of the coins (and conceivable entrenched coin owners would never sell). You can't just wrestle control of the system by just throwing money at it, this is true for coins that have a high market cap or low market cap, just to varying degrees. 
With PoW, on the other hand, you would simply need to direct your mining power at the new coin to destroy it. You could never have a thousand forks of bitcoin without the mining power eventually consolidating around one fork, less everyone lacks security. It always leads to a few coins winning. Interestingly enough, it was Dan Larimer, who innovated DPoS, who made me aware of this when he was discussing the dangers of mining centralization in Bitcoin. He was criticizing the oft expressed idea that if there was a 51% attack on Bitcoin the minority could simply create a fork of Bitcoin and live happily ever after, because the majority that initiated the 51% in the first place could simply redirect their power toward the new block chain. PoW always results in mining centralization, and mining centralization always leads to an elimination of competitive coins. (There is a reason the alt-coin space overwhelming does not use sha-256.) It is this elimination of competition that "magically flows into a coin and gives it a guaranteed status" as you put it.
Perhaps I am wrong, perhaps you can indefinitely have an unlimited number of PoW alt coins. Seems to me, though, more likely that a year from now there will only be a few scrypt coins left. And perhaps you can only have a limited number of PoS coins, or even a limited number of app coins. I doubt it.  
@_date: 2014-10-03 03:35:09
There is no one uniform philosophy behind cryptocurrency, each can be designed with a unique basic underlying worldview. Bitcoin, for example, is build under the philosophy that power over a currency should be at root separated from possession of the currency itself. This allows it to become a universal currency, a global currency, one that isn't pegged to some underlying system of value like a national economy or the value of a company where the power or ownership of that system is represented through ownership of the currency. It is by separating power from money that Bitcoin attains this quality of "free-floating", being ultimately neutral and applicable to all.  
Fiat currency, on the other hand, has its value pegged to the underlying national economy it represents, and power over that respective system comes from control of the currency. The philosophy of these traditional currencies are tied to the philosophy of the system they represent. Some cryptocurrencies, however, seek to reproduce a more fiat-like philosophy of power and money, tying control over the currency directly to ownership of the currency itself. So the question of what separates Bitcoin from traditional currency becomes a very different question from what separates 'cryptocurrencies' from traditional money. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:52:36


Yes! Exactly! Stop there! No need to pull out the pop psychology and an academic no one has ever heard of, you already gave the correct answer: Bitcoiners actually understand Bitcoin better than you do! 
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:33:13
God. Fucking Bitcoin. This shit is intense.
@_date: 2014-09-18 23:42:39
I hear what you are saying, and many shitcoins are hiding behind complexity to make it sound like something legit is going on. But people outside of the crypto space essentially say the same thing about Bitcoin. In the end you need to do your own research. If someone is interested in BitsharesX, I highly recommend listening to interviews with the founder, Daniel Larimer. He isn't hiding behind a lot of technobabble, the concepts behind BitsharesX are relatively straightforward, they just don't seem that way initially because they are rooted in financial theories and economics which are often counter intuitive. The only sketchy thing is the extent to which some people in that community seem to be trying to pump it recently, particularly the DPoS algorithm as somehow inherently superior to Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:37:31
@_date: 2014-11-14 15:22:27
Anyone who has been watching Bitcoin recently knows this isn't true. The recent exploration and debate over sidechains and the announcement of a turing complete protocol layer on top of Bitcoin demonstrates that innovation in the Bitcoin space is massive. Bitcoin takes her times and learns from the mistakes and successes of alternative projects. (Even the tipping success of dogecoin has been incorporated.) The entire cryptocurrency space is a whole and Bitcoin remains at its center. It is only natural that new ideas will be dismissed until they have proven themselves to a degree, because new ideas are going to involve a lot of bad ideas and a few gems.  
@_date: 2014-09-19 15:12:28
Yeah, I was specifically talking about that section of the article. None of it really applies to BitsharesX. Look, I'm not trying to be a BitsharesX apologist here, I just don't see how anything he says applies to BSX. I'm suspect of whether his arguments really apply to Mastercoin either, but I don't know. 
Essentially what he is saying is that pegged assets with escrow doesn't work in theory with Mastercoin because A) there is no reason to trust the data feeds; B) there is nothing inherently making the connection between the asset and the token, so why should anyone treat the token as representative of the asset; and C) that even if people trust the asset/token connection it will easily be manipulated. 
But when you really boil it down, what he is complaining about is B -- that there isn't anything intrinsically connecting the asset to the token. He is assuming a system which just sort of declares, by fiat, that token "virtualgold" now represents gold, and that is all it does. He is essentially asking how can we expect anyone to respect this declaration. 
BitsharesX doesn't work that way. "Virtualgold" is created in BitsharesX when two traders bet on gold with opposite expectations. It isn't just created out of thin air and declared to be equal to 1 ounce of gold -- the way the author assumes is the case in Mastercoin -- two mutually opposing traders create it by putting their money together (their bitshares) and creating a contract. That contract is "this token is redeemable at any time for 1 ounce of gold worth of bitshares". That becomes the virtualgold asset, it is backed by the money the two traders put into the contract. If at any time the price of gold plummets such that it is approaching a point where there isn't enough money held in the contract to back the asset, the asset is immediately liquidated by the system. So the asset is always worth exactly 1 ounce of gold, payable in bitshares.
I assume Mastercoin wanted to set up something similar, only backing assets with mastercoins, though I am not sure about that, so I can't really speak to the author's criticism of mastercoin per se. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 00:10:11
It's funny. I remember when the community was laughing at these 2.0 projects, the core devs even took steps to make life harder for several of them (so as to "protect the blockchain from bloat") . . . now everyone suddenly gets it. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:01:36
Nobody believes you.
@_date: 2014-07-10 15:08:48
Realcoin and other similar metacoins were inevitable and were only waiting for Bitcoin 2.0 technologies to make them possible (as they weren't really viable using alt-coins with their own blockchains). I think the idea that bitcoin is going to function simply as a currency is probably a bit misguided. Rather, the Bitcoin network is what is critical, and it will function as the foundation for most digital economic activity in the 21st century, I believe. 
This is why it has always been difficult to explain Bitcoin to people. If it were merely a currency, that explanation would be rather trivial. But Bitcoin is really much more than that, it is something new, like the internet, and like the internet it requires a meta-layer before it becomes user-friendly enough for the masses. That meta-layer for the internet was the Web. For Bitcoin, the promise seems to lie in these 2.0 technologies like Mastercoin (what Mr. Pierce is apparently using) or Counterparty which allow meta-coins like Realcoin to be made on-top of the Bitcoin network. 
The possibilities for meta-coins are profound, but I am not surprised that one of the first uses was something like Realcoin which effectively will allow fiat currency to migrate into the digital space. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:37:40
Mark Karpeles . . . is that you?
@_date: 2014-09-16 15:42:37
The problem with purely software based consensus algorithms like DPOS is that they suffer from the very thing that gives them success: their efficiency. In contrast to PoW algorithms which always result in just a few coins surviving as coins compete over the same limited mining resources, PoS coins do not compete over the same mining resources -- or any mining resources for that matter -- making their proliferation potentially unlimited. This makes them ideal to be used for closed contexts, like decentralized exchanges, but less ideal for use as a universal currency. 
PoW algorithms require real life resources (thus the tremendous cost). Electricity, mining equipment, cooling, etc., all guarantee that the overall supply of PoW coins eventually becomes very small. Miners will naturally choose to mine the most profitable coins, creating a huge spread between the hashing power behind the top coins and the hashing power behind weak competitive coins. These weaker alternative PoW coins are then in a situation where their security is very vulnerable and the top PoW coin(s) have enough mining power behind them to utterly crush these competitors on a whim. PoW algorithm insures a more or less winner-takes-all situation, where the entire field of coins backed by such algorithms becomes very small, guaranteeing that the overall supply of such coins remains finite.
Scarcity -- not "intrinsic value" -- is inherently necessary for something to function as money. Fiat currencies have proven that as long as you can artificially control scarcity, through the use of a central bank, you do not even have to have the money pegged to natural scarcity for it to function as money. The reason gold and silver served so well, for so long, as money was because their supply was pegged to natural scarcity. Bitcoin is very similar to a precious metal like Gold in this regard. 
Bitcoin's scarcity is also pegged to natural scarcity, namely, the real life resources required to mine it. While the number of coins in Bitcoin itself that will ever be mined are determined by the software, the overall supply of PoW coins -- the combined supply of both Bitcoin and other competing PoW coins -- becomes fixed by the fact that the PoW algorithm limits competition. This means that the overall supply of the money becomes limited, scarce, and thus fulfills this essential quality that is required to give money value. 
While software consensus algorithms like DPoS can achieve far superior efficiency than PoW can, this also means that the overall supply of these types of coins becomes theoretically unlimited. Using these algorithms anyone can create a new types of coin/share which enjoys very strong security at virtually no cost. This makes it absolutely ideal for a whole host of applications -- the decentralized exchange/bank that Bitshares X represents being a perfect example -- that simply wouldn't be possible if everyone had to create their own PoW block chain. In fact, one can only imagine the profound implications for cheap, secure, and fast block chains. It really is the future. Unfortunately, however, not for currency, and not for Bitcoin. 
It is not merely the "network effect" the gives Bitcoin is dominance over other coins. If someone were to fork Bitcoin today, the new Bitcoin would be more or less worthless, because this second coin would have no way of competing with Bitcoin over hashing power. However, if Bitcoin depended on a DPoS type algorithm, a forked Bitcoin would be essentially identical in all regards, minus the fact that it had less people using it. With the right actors backing such a coin, there would be really nothing to prevent it from eventually becoming adopted and replacing the king coin. But then this coin too would be threatened by being usurped by competitors, and the overall utility of cryptocurrency as money would evaporate unless government stepped in and declared that only one particular cryptocurrency was legal, and then we would be right back to step one. 
This is why algorithms like DPoS are not a replacement for PoW algorithms, they are not competitors. They are merely complementary algorithms in a rapidly growing field in which the possibilities are beyond what anyone quite expected.
tl;dr Delegated Proof of Stake and other software based consensus algorithms are analogous to paper money. Bitcoin and PoW coins are analogous to precious metals. Both have their use, but you cannot simply change Bitcoin's consensus algorithm from one to the other and expect it to survive. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 04:58:11
You don't listen to Amir Taaki the way you would view a math equation, you listen to him the way you would view a work of art. 
@_date: 2014-09-12 00:36:10
Wow, good read. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-12-15 15:56:56


Who knows how many with malicious intent came before Johoe. Over the year there have been many threads initiated by someone who had had their money stolen from a blockchain.info wallet. These people were left stunned without an explanation. Lots of people have known to steer clear of BCI for a long time now because of the frequency of theft around their wallet. I only now wonder how many of these thefts were actually done using the same technique Johoe used. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:01:02
There is a fine line between "friend" and "acquaintance". If all you can talk about with someone is the weather and the latest basketball game, lest they get a weird look on their face and begin laughing nervously, then they don't really qualify as a "friend" imho.  
@_date: 2014-05-25 07:56:32
Bitcoin's end game is Skynet.
A completely decentralized computer network which cannot be compromised or taken down and upon which all human economic activity will depend, Valuenet (formerly know as "bitcoin") will achieve self-awareness around 2031 and will eliminate all human economic inequality via total thermal nuclear war.
@_date: 2014-09-30 00:16:00


Excellent point. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:21:04
I think we've hit the bottom.
@_date: 2014-05-16 04:13:19
Sounds like he is describing of a way of achieving what ripple does using bitcoin instead. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:29:13
Pegged cryptocurrencies are exciting. 
The problem, however, is the same with all PoS coins, namely, that they are owned and controlled by someone . . . and if they aren't, they will be eventually. Bitcoin separates control over the currency from ownership of the currency, and this fundamentally makes it a tool for freedom. Pegged coins will be great, but they won't replace Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-10-09 15:02:33
African isn't a nation . . . 
@_date: 2014-10-07 04:03:20
People who use Blockchain.info to store their Bitcoin are constantly getting their money stolen. It really is a terrible wallet for storing money imho. Great for watch only addresses!
@_date: 2014-06-07 13:53:19
Law enforcement is government, isn't it?
@_date: 2014-10-23 06:05:47
This thread is owned by r/buttcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-23 15:39:46
Two factor authentication is rapidly becoming pretty standard for security way beyond Bitcoin. In fact, most online video games were offering 2FA before most people had heard of Bitcoin. 
But ultimately things like 2FA aren't really going to keep your bitcoin secure. In the end analysis, if your money is in a hot wallet, it always has a chance of being stolen. I'm not sure if that is ever going to change. 2FA will make the chances less likely that it will be stolen, but they don't guarantee security. 
Having money in a hot wallet is like carrying money in your in your back pocket. It is perfectly fine to carry small amounts in your physical wallet, but not for carrying $30,000, or whatever amount the OP had stored in his blockchain.info wallet.
Large amounts of bitcoin needs to be stored offline. It is simple and secure. Perhaps not simple enough though, and  I'd like to see more development in the area of making offline storage more convenient. Some people are inclined to think that offline storage is sort of a temporary workaround until the day comes when hot wallets are more secure. I think offline storage is one of the coolest things ever and needs to be embraced, not seen as a weakness.  
@_date: 2014-08-14 14:36:04
No. Only some have been identified, and shortly after they were identified Karpeles publicly announced "they" had "found" 200k+ of the missing coins. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:07:10
I can't speak to the article's assessment of Mastercoin, but there really is nothing in there that pertains to BitsharesX as far as I could see. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 14:15:56


That is in a way my concern. Violence, or the threat of violence, is always required, and some party will, over time, rise to become the most powerful and the most capable of violence, at which point they can take whatever they want. This party, then, would be called the "government". Even if this party is some kind of confederacy of merchants or consumers, ultimately some group will rise to become the most powerful. This is how it consistently plays out in human society, and why I think many people are anti-government, because all governments are fundamentally rooted in violence. 
But violence is the root cause, it is what gives rise to governments in the first place, and removing governments while keeping the core cause of government in place isn't really helping anything. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 06:33:45
$800 down to $360. If we reach $650+ I'll be in the green for the first time . . . will be kind of a new experience. 
@_date: 2014-08-24 13:52:50
A huge percentage of people will immediately dismiss you as soon as you utter the word 'Bitcoin' . . . will that soon be barred from this subreddit too?
@_date: 2014-08-22 14:54:35
It uses Namecoin and is embedded in the blockchain. lol
@_date: 2014-08-18 15:09:48


Indeed, and once this phase is over, it will be over forever, and people will look back and wish they had gotten in. For the long-term investor - someone who has no intention of "cashing out" this year - 2014 is all about getting as many bitcoins as you can, and for that higher prices are absolutely worthless and cheaper prices are always better. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:54:40


Exactly! We might as well be asking if Bitcoin is art. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:31:32
Hey, you got any new music coming?
@_date: 2014-06-02 04:14:50
The purpose of the article, from my reading, is to highlight how essential the market cap of a cryptocurrency is to its actual ability to realize its technological purpose. That is the fundamental insight here, if I am reading the article correctly. 
That assertion is a basic challenge to the existence of alt coins, as the very existence of alt coins is premised on the idea that cryptocurrencies can survive without much concern for scarcity. If, however, a cryptocurrency cannot actually realize its full potential without a large market cap, then the viability of alt coins seems increasingly tenuous, and that is, in fact, more or less what the market seems to be suggesting. This is my reading of the article, I just don't see where you criticism seems particularly relevant to the discussion here. 


OK, I understand what you are saying. The point of the article, at least from what I gathered, was to say, "look, IF Bitcoin is about these said purposes, THEN it is currently undervalued." Sure, it is possible that Bitcoin is not about those purposes!
@_date: 2014-08-14 03:01:17
[This clip]( pretty much summarizes how my friends have reacted to my Bitcoin obsession . . . 
@_date: 2014-05-17 13:02:54
Comparing a guy who was regularly appearing on television to some random poster on reddit probably isn't very fair. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:44:55
Fair enough. I think this issue of Bitcoin as store of value and as unit of account is going to be very interesting to watch. Personally, I think people are still trying to compare the automobile to horses, because horses are what we know, and because people didn't anticipate the development of highways and the infrastructure that makes cars superior. But I don't dismiss what you are saying. 
For example, let's take hedging as a way to secure/store value. In the traditional system, this is a cumbersome process for reducing risk over your assets. In future Bitcoin, it could be as simple as a click of a button. It may not be necessary for Bitcoin to achieve price stability the way traditional fiat must. But Krugman has no way of knowing if system's like Coinapult's Locks are even possible, because he hasn't looked into the technology.
Or take unit of account. What is to stop the measuring stick for unit of account to become entirely separated from currency, such that we could have a universal value measuring system. This is inconceivable under the current system. 
The point I am trying to make is that we are in early days of an evolving technological ecosystem, and the possibilities go way beyond what the traditional system expects. So for someone like Paul Krugman to essentially suggest Bitcoin is a ponzi and leave it at that is just profoundly irresponsible. I don't care what credentials he has. 
@_date: 2014-08-24 14:06:03
The point is, decentralized marketplaces like  will provide all of these benefits without any of the costs. Arguments about how CEOs need to make a living won't deter people from shifting to a system that saves people ~13%. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 14:26:13
Just speaking for me, $100000 is much harder to read than $100,000. If an actual transaction were involved, with the former I would have to actually count the zeros before I felt satisfied, with the latter it is immediately obvious to me that that reads "one hundred thousand dollars".
Unfortunately, commas are only used (at least in English) to clarify large numbers, not really small numbers. So if the number is .0000001 I have to count the zeros. Now, if the number read .000,000,1 I could live with that. But it seems likely harder to change the rules of the English language than the standard denomination in Bitcoin. 
Quite simply, if we get to a point where things like cups of coffee really do cost a few bits . . . then pricing like 0.000003 BTC is going to require that people get glasses just to not get ripped off. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 03:40:23


I'm thinking long term, the point where a coin becomes significant enough to national economies that the very issue you are talking about would become a national security issue. At that point, nations would take over the process of mining to defend themselves against the very possibility of the scenario you are describing. Mining not for profit, but for security. With enough nations doing this, mining remains decentralized. 
The only way for a nation to defend itself from the possibility of a PoS 51% attack, on the other hand, is to make sure that the nation itself is the majority owner of the currency. But since only one nation can achieve this over any respective coin, each nation will be forced to construct their own coin and we are right back to the scenario we have today with fiat. 


I am sorry if I misrepresented what you said. I think I understand where you are coming from. The problem I have is, who says Bitcoin is trying to be money? And according to whose definition of money? The fiat definition of money? You say money needs to possess the property of store of value, but are you sure? If I can simply press a button and lock my Bitcoin at a given price such that the amount of Bitcoin in my wallet increases or decreases so that it remains pegged to a fiat amount (or later a universal measurement of value system) does Bitcoin itself really need to take on the quality of stability? If there are other solutions that allow Bitcoin to be both stable and volatile, according to your individual needs, is that superior to it just being one or the other? We are in new territory here my friend, the old rules of money only apply to an extent and no one truly knows where all of this is going. Trying to turn crypto into fiat may be a viable path, but it is far from a certain one. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 12:58:42


Stopped reading there. You are a developer of NuBit, correct? Good to know.
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:17:25


A commonly expressed view, both from skeptics as well as concerned advocates, is that the technology of Bitcoin may, indeed, be innovative and have a large impact, but that the currency ('bitcoin' with a lowercase 'b') probably will not survive. This is the concern his piece is addressing, not whatever issue you are raising about the "money supply of bitcoin being inelastic". That may be a valid concern, but it has nothing to do with the purpose of this article. 


Huh? And you are accusing him of being incoherent?
@_date: 2014-09-29 05:07:47
"This fucking sub."
Yeah, fuck this fucking piece of shit sub, fucking fuck it. 


@_date: 2014-08-14 14:39:18
The price did drop like a rock.
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:16:17
Cryptocurrency Open-sourced Interactive Network. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 03:46:40
Exactly. Blockchain.info is bad news precisely because it is so user friendly and makes you feel so snug and cozy with its "2-factor authentication", yet simultaneously requires some technical know how to actually keep your money safe. Duh! "You kept your wallet.dat backups unencrypted on your hard drive fool!!!" Ummm . . . what is a wallet.dat? The problem is that blockchain.info feels like a web wallet because it is accessed using your browser, but its not, and that confuses a lot of people. 
Seriously, I can't recall how many people have had this story about money stolen from their blockchain.info wallet. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 15:23:43
@_date: 2014-04-20 11:19:43
Honestly, I'm still waiting to see the famed "circle jerking" everyone keeps talking about, because at least half of what I see at r/bitcoin are anti-bitcoin/trolls/skeptics.
Of course, that bitcoin elicits strong reactions on either side is to be expected. If everyone was just sort of "meh, whatever" that would be a pretty good sign that there was nothing there there. The more successful bitcoin becomes, the more haters there will be. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:33:34
Thank you for that explanation. When I said the borrower doesn't get the money, the banks do, this is exactly what I meant. Using a single bank example makes this much easier to understand -- the reality is that the banking system as a whole is only slightly less than us just having one bank. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 15:21:03
You are using the same currency though. If milk costs $10 in one country and 10 cents in another, that is due to factors that have nothing to do with the currency since they are both using the same currency (the dollar). 
The thing that matters is the actual value of goods, which is based on supply and demand and other market forces. All inflation does is change the pricing of those goods relative to a particular currency. So, if you are dealing with two separate currencies - i.e., two countries - all that matters is the exchange rate, doesn't it? If suddenly it costs twice as many euros to buy a gallon of milk as it did a week ago, to a US citizen traveling abroad it really wouldn't matter because the exchange rate would just adjust such that 1 dollar would now be worth twice as many euros as before. What am I missing here?
Yes, of course it is cheaper to buy goods from one country versus another for a wide range of reasons. But if it is cheap to buy rugs from, say, India, it really doesn't matter whether they inflate their currency or not, it will still be cheap to buy rugs from them. Correct me if I am wrong!
@_date: 2014-06-11 12:19:54
What concerns me most about a "51% attack" isn't the attack part. it is the 51% part. To control the mining is to effectively control the currency, and if a single party can achieve this kind of control over Bitcoin, central banks must be salivating as we speak. Depending on how things play out during these crucial early days, Bitcoin could become the prototype for a widespread decentralization movement, or the most centralized form of money in human history. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 22:26:59
Seriously David. That piece was horrific. You've lost it man, you've lost it. Just terrible. All credibility lost. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:36:26
I don't know . . . but China has something to do with it.
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:45:45


It seems to me that this is trying to take advantage of the delay in time before prices are readjusted, a delay that has largely existed due to limitations in technology. Changing the value of a currency doesn't change the value of that toaster you are trying to sell, it just changes where you need to price that toaster. But in today's digital world, that window of delay before prices are readjusted is getting shorter and shorter, thus there is less time for buyers to take advantage of cheaper prices. Just look at Bitcoin! When the price of bitcoins goes down it just means that vendors immediately adjust the price. Indeed, third parties like Bitpay do this immediately for the merchant. The ability for merchants to rapidly respond to price fluctuations is likely to increase dramatically in the coming years, which will have a large impact on the efficacy of monetary policy using tools like inflation to promote short term stimulus, I would think. 


I don't really think it is fair to say inflation hurts everyone evenly as long as the new money being "printed" isn't itself being evenly distributed. If suddenly everyone who owned a dollar were given an additional 2 cents, that would be inflation that hurts everyone evenly. In fact, it really wouldn't hurt anyone under that scenario. 
However, what actually happens in that all the new money initially goes into the hands of a tiny minority, the powerful, it isn't evenly distributed. Because it goes into the hands of a few institutions, those institutions gain a tremendous amount of money, despite the devaluation of the overall currency. Essentially it is like Bitcoin mining, where bankers are the miners. Meanwhile, everyone else have effectively had money taken away from them because the value of the currency has declined. So it is really a form of taxation, if you will, although most of the new money isn't actually going into the hands of the government, most goes directly to banks. At that point banks make loans that supposedly has a trickle down effect on the economy. But the trickle down effect has already come at the expense of directly taking money away from people, which then makes the rich richer, and seems to just accelerate the concentration of wealth and the rise of inequality. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 02:21:27
Your point is interesting, but I think it is important to note that Bitcoin was never really easy to get before the governmental and banking pressures you describe, and if anything those pressures have been offset by the explosion of new methods for acquiring bitcoins. You mention ATMs, for example, but the first Bitcoin ATM in the United States was only available back in February of this year. The price has been going down, really, since December of last year. 
Honestly, I would put the idea that we are experiencing the slow, continual selling pressure from the coins that were stolen from MtGox, as the criminal attempts to cash out, before the theory that institutions are squeezing the ability to get bitcoins. That isn't to say institutions aren't squeezing the ability to acquire bitcoins, just that this pressure is, again, being offset by the relative ease with which bitcoins can be gotten these days compared to the past. 
I could be wrong!
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:35:07
@_date: 2014-09-14 17:44:09
The bitcoin haters -- paid or just losers who have nothing better to do -- are out in droves today. It is interesting how they come in waves. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 06:52:30
Either it is a gift card, a centralized currency, or a decentralized crypto-currency. If it is a gift card, no one cares. If it is a centralized currency, it is illegal. If it is a decentralized crypto-currency, Amazon won't control it. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:36:09
Wait . . . so you aren't even getting paid to be such an a-hole? That is just who you are? lol
@_date: 2014-04-27 07:20:48
The difference is that with a centralized currency, since the issuer can print as much of that currency as they want arbitrarily, the value of that currency needs to be backed by something reliable for its value to be trustworthy. Historically gold was used to give banknotes value, since the good word of the bank alone was not enough to give these pieces of paper intrinsic worth. What would back Amazon coin? The full faith and credit of Amazon.com?
A decentralized currency is a major innovation precisely because it does not need to be backed by anything in order to derive its value. There is no issuer in which we place trust, so there is no way the trust can be broken and no need to have the currency guaranteed by anything. That is the innovation of crypto-currency first and foremost, not that it is easier to use than Paypal. 
If Amazon made a centralized currency, even if we call it a crypto-currency, the reality is that it would no different than the US dollar. The only difference would be instead of the Fed you would have Amazon.com. I doubt very much the US government would allow Amazon to replace the Fed. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 17:58:48
The problem isn't so much what would happen today if a pool began acting maliciously, it is that in the long run - when truly powerful parties like central banks and governments get involved - if Bitcoin can be theoretically controlled by a single entity, it will be, at which point what we would consider a "malicious attack" today will just become lawful monetary policy.
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:03:01


Umm . . . you just said it yourself, they "printed it". 
"In the modern economy, most money takes the form of bank
deposits. But how those bank deposits are created is often
misunderstood: the principal way is through commercial
banks making loans.
Whenever a bank makes a loan, it
simultaneously creates a matching deposit in the
borrower’s bank account, thereby creating new money."


@_date: 2014-09-13 15:10:40
Didn't they ban Bitcoin in China??? Bwhahahahaha!
@_date: 2014-05-31 13:53:13
Professor Bitcorn is just a trash mob. These trash mobs are endless, take one down and another pops up. They are smug, they are know-it-alls, they are all trying to spread FUD, they are often friends and family members, and they are all relatively harmless. 
Mark Karpeles is the demonic overlord of Bitcoin. Mark Karpeles was the epic final boss at the end of the game who takes 20 reloads just to beat, and we are only on reload 12. 
Don't compare Mr. Bitcorn to Mark Karpeles. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:50:10
Historically -- and even to this day -- those resources were often fought over using war and violence. Capitalism tries to recreate this process of competition without the violence, but ultimately is only held together through the threat of force/violence. It is a compromise, but it is still rooted in our human weaknesses of reliance on force and violence. I don't expect human beings can ever transcend our own nature, but I hold great hope for A.I.
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:14:08
Banks and government having the power to take money directly out of your bank account without your consent takes on entirely new meaning once you consider the rapid decline, and the inevitable disappearance, of paper money which is the only form of fiat currency that people can possess without the need of a third party.
In a recent paper titled [Costs and Benefits to Phasing Out Paper Currency]( Keneth Rogoff -- Harvard Economist and former chief economist of the IMF -- argues that eliminating paper currency is desirable as it would allow negative interest rates and more government control over people's money. That is to say, central banks could actually take money directly out of people's accounts, rather than relying solely on inflation as a way of removing wealth from people. Furthermore, governments could track all financial transactions without difficulty and could take taxes directly from people without relying on citizens to report their taxes. 
Fiat money can only exist in two forms: paper and electronic. And the electronic form can only exist inside of banks. It can't be possessed or owned by individuals directly. So if we were to eliminate paper money entirely, people would no longer have direct access to their money at all. The implications of this are staggering, and the concentration of power larger than any seen in human history. Although this is the end-game, in many regards we are almost there. Cash is hardly used anymore in modern economies, and governments are already taking money directly from people's accounts. 
Finally, some people say that it is illegal to not pay your taxes anyway, so what difference does it make if the government removes your taxes directly from your bank accounts or or throws you in jail for not paying? However, having the ability to withhold paying taxes is terrifically empowering to citizens of a country, as it allows them a non-violent means of protest of last resort. If the citizens collectively decided not to pay taxes, the government would have no choice but to relent. But if the citizens don't even have a choice . . . 
@_date: 2014-10-22 15:03:18
You need to take my analogy with a huge chunk of salt. As I said, my understanding of the system is thin, at best. Nevertheless, I think you are now on the right path, judging from your questions, toward a deeper understanding of the system should you choose to pursue it. I highly recommend listening to some of the interviews with Dan Larimer, for example [this one]( if you have time. They discuss Bitusd @ around 47:40. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 04:51:11
I think your analysis is more or less spot on. He doesn't believe in the technology and promise of Bitcoin, but he believes other people believe in the technology and promise of Bitcoin and is more than happy to make it easier for them to send him money. That is, essentially, what he himself has said. 
But that is the beauty of all of this, merchants and businesses don't need to "believe" in Bitcoin, they need only believe in money. It is true that right now the early merchant adopters of Bitcoin tend to be run by people who believe in it to some degree or another. Even Schiff believes in the libertarian spirit of Bitcoin. But ultimately, once businesses see that there is no reason to be afraid of accepting Bitcoin, and that it is relatively simple to do, they will - regardless of ideology - because they love money. 
The issue isn't business adoption of Bitcoin, that is the easy part. The harder part is user adoption.  
@_date: 2014-06-11 15:20:09
It also ignores the power granted to someone who controls the currency. The Federal Reserve controls the dollar, and could perform a "51% attack" at any time if they wanted to. But that isn't the real reason the Fed is problematic. The problem is centralized power. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 15:26:35
Hasn't this problem essentially disappeared, however, due to the fact that Dogecoin is now merge mining with Litecoin?
@_date: 2014-12-24 06:28:29
Textbook economics is kind of meaningless these days. I've come to the conclusion that the raw fact is no one really knows what money is. There are a lot of theories, for sure, but they are just that . . . theories. Of all those theories, almost all of them are much more profound than the textbook drivel we hear about money being a "medium of exchange" blah blah. 
Most disturbing to me about these dictionary definitions of money is that trying to define it fails to recognize the constant evolving nature of money. It is because so many people try to grasp onto dated definitions of money as if what money is is permanently etched in stone that so many can't get their minds wrapped around fiat money, never mind Bitcoin. If you are holding onto definitions, you are missing the living reality of what money is. One can tell me my dollars aren't real money because it doesn't fit their definition, the store clerk begged to disagree. You can tell me Bitcoin isn't money, then I just bought a new computer through Newegg without money . . . pretty cool. 
@_date: 2014-09-14 21:16:13
There seems to be a growing suspicion that at least some of these guys are paid. Another suspicious activity in the r/bitcoin community -- I don't know if you have noticed this -- is that whenever a core dev speaks about anything, there is immediately a legion of people who come out of the woodwork to hate on that specific dev. Or the unending hate propaganda we are constantly being exposed to toward the Bitcoin Foundation. It becomes difficult to separate when the hate is trying to bring our attention to a genuine concern, and when it is just trying to spread fear and doubt. One thing is for sure, Bitcoin is still the Wild West and reflects that. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 00:17:41
Anyone check the Chinese grammar over at Coinbase?
@_date: 2014-06-05 04:53:41
This is all the more reason to be profoundly concerned about how the community is creating single points of failure by relying on these companies like Coinbase. People like to say, "Bitcoin is unstoppable" because it is decentralized, but then we go ahead and depend on these companies that essentially centralize Bitcoin. That is to say, a decentralized system is only as strong as the weakest link in the chain. 
This phase of development we are going through right now is one of Bitcoin becoming familiar by relying on traditional ways of doing things. But ultimately the cryptocurrency space needs to depend on decentalization, otherwise it will never realize its full potential nor offer any meaningful advantages over the fiat system. 
@_date: 2014-10-05 22:54:19


Hahaha! So true. This period, the crash of 2014, is really historic. It reminds me of how when you are at a really low point in your personal life you can clearly see who your real friends are. Where is Andreas now? It is like he has all but retreated to hiding under a rock somewhere.
@_date: 2014-05-26 01:55:29
It's quite simple. I just explain that Bitcoin is an open sourced, decentralized, synergistic flow matrix facilitating e-transference of digital assets in the interactive meta-verse.
@_date: 2014-05-29 16:30:08
Art -- at least good art -- isn't about public relations.
@_date: 2014-08-08 11:10:09


Well, consider the case of "fun" 2.0 metacoins. Coins using counterparty, built on top of bitcoin, suffer from long confirmation times and relatively high transaction fees. Placing counterparty on top of Dogecoin, on the other hand (Dogeparty) means faster confirmation and virtually free transactions - something that is extremely important if your 2.0 token itself lacks much value - everything you would want for less "serious" tokens. So there are intrinsic advantages to Doge over Bitcoin. That isn't to say that 2.0 technologies like Counterparty won't eventually find a way to solve some of the limitations imposed on its protocol from the fact that it rests on top of Bitcoin, but as of now Dogecoin is a much more attractive medium for Counterparty when the 2.0 tokens are themselves not that "serious", which is why Adam Levine started Dogeparty after his frustrations using Counterparty with LTBcoin.
With regard to the first mover advantage, etc, I agree. My issue was merely with the idea that you can "define" one coin as "serious" and another as "play" as if your definition actually corresponds to something real. Is Doge coin intrinsically less serious than BTC? Or just because someone said it was or because it wasn't first?
@_date: 2014-08-17 15:35:56
Kind of like the way Facebook is a scam . . . right?
@_date: 2014-10-08 14:35:53
@_date: 2014-07-10 15:26:03
I think you are right. Realcoin is stepping into some dangerous legal territory. However, it is also providing a proof of concept of how to migrate fiat currency into digital currency, which may very well end up being adopted by the banking industry, as Rassah is suggesting. If they adopt it, or even if they are interested in it, the law will adjust or stay out of the way. 
The critical thing is that many people have been theorizing about a kind of cryptocurrency with its own blockchain, created by central banks, to compete with Bitcoin. Increasingly that is seeming kind of pointless and unnecessary. Contrary to the being the death of banks, the awareness that is growing is that Bitcoin and the digital space are the future of banking and finance, and rather than trying to crush Bitcoin the powerful are stepping back and letting it grow. Meta-layers like Realcoin are what are going to make everyone aware of how profound the possibilities are. 
@_date: 2014-10-07 13:32:20
Seaman is complaining that the community let the price get so low, but here he is spreading more FUD than any public speaker on Bitcoin I've seen. He is exactly the type of person trying to plummet the price, yet he is blaming the community for somehow letting the price go so low. As he wrote in [a previous thread]( yesterday:


What does he mean "you all" when he is the one trying to scare down the price by declaring Bitcoin dead? 
And prior to this crash he was already suggesting that the newest wave of altcoins, like his Hyper, were superior to Bitcoin and perhaps Bitcoin was on its way out. He concludes this podcast by suggesting that the future cryptocurrency that will replace Bitcoin will possibly be the coin he is pumping. Something doesn't feel right to me about that. Every time he promotes these altcoins something feels off, like he wants to pump and dump. Now he is so traumatized over the price of Bitcoin . . . it suggests he is much more tied to making money than he lets on. He says the crash shattered his idealism, but the crash was just about the price going down, nothing has changed about Bitcoin per se. 
Furthermore, the price of Bitcoin has been volatile for a long time . . . hell, for its entire history. Yet now he is claiming that the volatility proves that Bitcoin is intrinsically flawed. But if it is flawed now, it was always flawed, yet he was pumping it for all this time (up until recently). Why didn't he complain about the volatility after the November 2013 bubble? Nothing has changed yet he is concluding something new is happening here that proves Bitcoin is flawed. 
He claims that Bitcoin is somehow corrupt because its price can be manipulated by powerful rich people like BearWhale. But would it make any difference if the crash is solely due to natural market forces?
He complains that the media has always bashed Bitcoin, but here he is bashing Bitcoin.
Bitcoin hasn't lost me any money. The price keeps going down allowing me to buy more than I would have been able to buy if the price had stayed up. I don't feel any personal loss here. But this guy is on the verge of suicide. 
He has become everything he is complaining about. Does he have no idea the profound disappointment he just incurred on his listeners? He complains about Obama having let him down, David, you fucking let me down! I feel like you were a complete phoney all this time, just like you feel about Obama. 
It is interesting that he concludes with issues of faith. I don't think he understands, and I don't think many people understand, that money fundamentally depends on faith. He says he wants to see the world as it is, not as he wishes it to be. I say it is all perception my friend. He says he is tired of all of the darkness, I say you are helping the darkness to prevail over the light. 
@_date: 2014-09-06 14:57:42
Bitcoin was never going to succeed because you could buy stuff using your phone. Bitcoin is much larger than that, and the stakes are much larger than that. Bitcoin is about freedom, people need to understand that. The key to Bitcoin is that you can achieve financial activity without the use of a third party. This may seem like a small thing, but the fate of the world could very well depend on it. 
People aren't going to switch to Bitcoin because it is more convenient -- except in some isolated circumstances -- people are going to switch because it offers them financial opportunities, advantages, and freedom. It is because of this that many people believe Americans will be late to the Bitcoin party.
As others have pointed out, Americans -- indeed, most humans on the planet -- are used to thinking of money as paper. The banking cartel wants to destroy this. If they can manage to get rid of paper money, then they will have absolute control over money, and our lives will be 100% dependent upon them. They already control the currency, but this would allow an even more profound control over money. Apple is their happy and willing partner. 
Unfortunately, Bitcoin is a bit of a fly in the ointment for them because 1) it bypasses the legal structure (i.e., government), which their way of enforcing their monopoly over currency. This accelerates their need to control the internet and the ability to censor internet traffic, and they are hard at work to do just that. And 2) because it bypasses the need for a third party for transactions, i.e., banks. The whole key to having direct control over money depends on everyone not having direct access to money, for money to only exist within the closed banking system. This is already what gives them control over the currency and the ability to redistribute wealth. If we get rid of the ~3% of the money supply that is physical, and go digital only, then their control is absolute. Bitcoin breaks the whole closed system by allowing digital money to exist objectively, outside of the banking network. Cryptocurrency could become a disaster for them, particularly if there is a collapse of the dollar. 
What is going on here is the future of money, not some piddly competition over who has the best new shiny product.
@_date: 2014-09-09 06:58:50
Honestly, I can't speak to Krugman's specific arguments. He is a noble prize winning economist, I am joe blow redditor. Nevertheless, here is my take:
The short: fiat currencies are designed for the nation state, thus attempting to go beyond the nation state, as the euro did, is inherently problematic. (If Scotland leaves the UK but keeps the same currency, it will suffer the same fate.) Bitcoin does not suffer from this limitation. 
The long: The problems created by not having a single government rest in the nature of these fiat currencies themselves and the fact that they fundamentally rely on government and debt for their existence. If they aren't backed by debt, they have no value, and since the only truly trustworthy form of debt is government debt, the entire system relies on government debt to give it reliability. This is why it is said that the US dollar is backed by the "full faith and credit of the United States Government". If you have a fiat currency that is shared between many different countries, you have the same currency, but no central reliable form of debt, causing weaker countries to pretend that their economy is stronger than it actually is and getting the entire system into trouble. 
The housing market bubble was really just a rapid increase in the money supply -- due to all of the lending -- that, when burst, had the potential to break these currencies as the new money in circulation ended up not being backed by anything, thus risking a severe crisis of confidence in these currencies themselves. It was as if back in the old days, when money was backed by gold, you had had a certain percentage of the money floating around out there suddenly turn out to be not redeemable for gold. Under a situation like this, you essentially needed a government capable of sending a ton of "real" money -- that is, money backed by debt -- to these banks to replace all the fake money they were left holding onto. The central bank alone couldn't do this as it depends on purchasing debt from the government in order to create new "real" money. But since these countries are fragmented, and lack a shared government, there was nobody powerful enough to bail their banks out. That is why they had to get other countries in the EU to bail them out, creating tremendous resentment and hard feelings. 
Fiat currencies are, at root, money that is made real by "fiat", by decree. That is to say, the are inseparable from government, as only government has the ability to issue such decrees. It is only natural, then, that if you attempt to create a fiat currency that has no government, something isn't going to work right. 
Bitcoin is simply an entirely different kind of money. It isn't dependent on government for its existence, and it isn't backed by debt. It is backed by math and is interest free. This makes it fundamentally different from traditional currency such that any economy born out of its use would inevitably require a reconsideration of many of the assumptions modern economic theory uses. In a sense you could say Bitcoin is designed to be a global currency indifferent to the influence of borders and nation states, whereas fiat currencies are designed for nation states, which is why they get into trouble when they try to go beyond the nation state. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:36:32
There are roughly 5.5 billion ounces of gold out there. There are roughly 13 million bitcoins out there. 
So right now there is more or less 423 ounces of gold per bitcoin. The current value of gold is around $1,300 per ounce. 
So if today bitcoin suddenly became as valuable as gold, each bitcoin would be worth well over half a million dollars. So, yeah, $400 dollars couldn't get you there, but $800 could. 
Of course, this only proves your point, because it is extremely unrealistic to believe bitcoin will suddenly become as valuable as gold. 
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:17:42
What examples? 
Ultimately, there are always human beings who are willing to take by force what they want, and the only thing holding them back is a more powerful force. Capitalism depends on people not taking things by force and violence in order to work, otherwise the whole system falls apart.
@_date: 2014-10-08 00:46:50


If someone controls a majority of the coins in a PoS system, 51% of the coins, and that someone is a non-malicious actor, that system will actually be more secure from an outside malicious actor than a PoS system that is more decentralized, regardless of their respective market caps. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 02:18:10
Huh? Within each currency all things cost the same? WTF are you talking about?
@_date: 2014-09-13 05:54:09
Proof of work coins require real life resources -- mining equipment, electricity costs, maintenance and upgrade costs, etc -- all of which are scarce. Consequently, all PoW coins compete over these resources. Put differently, PoW currencies all compete over which will actually get the miners to mine them. 
Because miners will collectively all mine the most lucrative coin, the mining power behind that coin eventually dwarfs the little mining power left for the competing coins. This leaves these smaller coins extremely vulnerable, and indeed you have a powerful mining monolith that is capable of effortlessly wiping out any competing coins from existence should it choose to. The mining community behind the top coin is so powerful that a tiny fraction of the community is all that is required to 51% attack most other coins around.  Even if the monolithic mining community switches to mine another coin for beneficent reasons, the massive increase in hashing power utterly annihilates that coins profitability overnight, causing the miners to exit, leaving the coin's difficulty rate sky high making it no longer worthwhile for the small time miners who had previously sustained it.  
All of this is just to say that proof of work technology inevitably results in just a few winners, perhaps just one or two. You can't just fork Bitcoin and expect to compete with it, because -- even putting aside network effect issues -- the massive mining power behind it precludes any competition from startup coins. Right now it is conceivable that a powerful institution or company or bank could start their own coin with a massive mining operation behind it to try to dethrone Bitcoin, but if there is another price bubble, the mining arms race will become so insane that no single company, and eventually no single government, will be able to catch up.
What this means is that for companies like IBM to create their own block chain -- one that is secure -- they cannot use proof of work, they have to use one of the software based block chain algorithms, like proof of stake (i.e the algorithm used by Nxt) or delegated proof of stake (which  bitshares x innovated). And that is likely what many businesses will do. However, the difficulty with these software based block chains is that they are, as you suggested, infinitely forkable, so their value is far less entrenched since someone can always come around and just make a new one. Their value relies entirely on other factors, whereas with Proof of Work, the value is - at least in part - derived from the exclusionary nature of the mining itself. A proof of stake coin might become tremendously valuable because the organization it represents shares in becomes successful, but its value won't be entrenched like a PoW coin's will be, since the value of a proof of work coin will be in part due to the fact that it lacks competition. 
This is likely why proof of work coins -- namely, Bitcoin -- will most likely end up being the "gold standard" in the space. The question is to what extent will PoW coins be 2.0 friendly. We already see PoS coins exploding with 2.0 possibilities, and projects like IBMs "internet of things" seems to be catching the vibe of those 2.0 possibilities. Perhaps 2.0 will be mostly the domain of software block chains. However, it is still conceivable that projects like IBM's could eventually opt to build on top of PoW block chains, rather than trying to create their own. Particularly for projects in which the success of the project does not translate into increased value of the underlying asset or token. In those cases, projects will need to work on top of an existence block chain and will be forced to forgo creating their own block chain, as block chain technology requires value in the underlying asset to work. 
Furthermore, it is conceivable that a secondary PoW coin, merged mined with the primary PoW coin, may serve as a kind of open block chain available for other projects to use. That is, a merged mined coin could be more flexible in its ability to take the kinds of risks associated with 2.0 innovations, while enjoying the security of the primary coin. In Bitcoin's case, that satellite coin is Namecoin. Namecoin is a sha-256 coin that is currently merged mined with Bitcoin and was actually born out of the desire to use the block chain for things beyond the money app. If Namecoin became the focus of such 2.0 technologies such as Counterparty, rather than Bitcoin which suffers from tremendous conservativism, you might see a situation where many projects in the future that utilize block chain technology simply build on top of the Bitcoin/Namecoin system, in the same way most companies choose to use the internet rather than create their own internet from scratch. 
Put simply, proof of work may very well result in one block chain (or a couple merged mined block chains) to rule them all, which everyone will use when they require a public block chain because their purpose is non-financial. Proof of stake block chains, on the other hand, will prevail in terms of providing closed financial ecosystems, such as decentralized banks or decentralized companies, and will be equally central to this revolution. Projects where the value of the project is connected to the value of the token can implicitly build their own software based block chain and the value of those tokens will be guaranteed by the value of the project. Relying on PoW block chains would be detrimental to this kind of operation. PoS is just as important an innovation as PoW, but for different reasons. I don't see one competing with the other, but actually they will complement each other. 
My 2 bits. 
@_date: 2014-09-12 06:52:49
The oldest central bank in the world just made a promotional video for Bitcoin??? This shit is getting real. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 15:20:25
Wait . . . so, despite the fact that Dogecoin is essentially a clone of Bitcoin, just because one is called "serious" and the other is called "fun" one is worth investing in and the other isn't??? They are the same technology!!!
And besides, isn't this idea that cryptocurrency isn't serious, that it is "pretend money", precisely what skeptics say about Bitcoin?
How can a currency that is popular and is used not have value? Yet, unfortunately for Dogecoin perhaps, how can a currency that has value not be taken seriously? This is the conundrum for Dogecoin.
@_date: 2014-10-21 16:38:54
I'm not very familiar with the system, but I'll give my best shot:
My understanding is that a bitusd is really a digital token that represents a (interest-free) loan, in a sense. So let us say you and I want to create a bitusd. I give you a loan of $1. In exchange, we write up a contract that says you now owe me $1. This contract is what is called a "bitusd". It can be traded to other people and whoever has it can at any time come back to you and demand their $1. So the token is backed by $1 and you are the person backing it. 
Now, the catch is that the Bitshares exchange doesn't actually deal in fiat money, all transactions are done using bitshares the currency. So when I say I loan you $1, what I really mean is that I loan you $1 worth of bitshares. The main reason you would take this loan is in the hopes that the price of bitshares will rise relative to the dollar. When someone comes to redeem the bitusd token you are backing, you only owe them $1 worth of bitshares, so that if at the time the contract was initially made $1 = 1000 bitshares and if now $1 only  = 200 bitshares, you only have to pay 200 bitshares instead of the full 1000 you were initially loaned, and so you end up with 800 free bitshares, i.e. $4.
(It reminds me of the situation with Butterfly labs, where they were taking pre-orders for miners that cost something like $20,000 or, at the time, 200 btc. A year later people still hadn't received their miners and demanded a refund. Butterfly labs refunded them in USDs and pocketed the 200 BTC which were now worth $200,000. Chi-ching!)
Now you might be wondering, why not just buy bitshares from a normal exchange and hold onto them if you think the price is going to go up? The point is that Bitshares is the first real decentralized exchange where you bypass the risks that come from centralized exchanges like MtGox. 
Also, you might be wondering why anyone would just buy bitusds rather than actual dollars? A bitusd is a way of locking in the price of your crypto-assets if you fear the price of those assets are going to go down relative to the USD. The question is, why not just buy actual dollars instead? Well, for one, actual dollars are fiat and thus carry all the frustrations and worries of dealing with the traditional exchanges, and they lack the benefits and ease of cryptocurrency. Trading crypto to crypto is much easier than crypto to fiat. Furthermore, every time you exchange crypto into fiat you are expected to pay taxes, similar to selling stock, which doesn't apply when you just trade from crypto to crypto. 
The main real drawback to all of this is the fact that it all revolves around bitshares and is its own sort of isolated market which often involves having to deal with the centralized exchanges in order to move in and out of this system, which kind of defeat the whole purpose of bypassing centralized exchanges. It would be amazing if a system like this were developed for Bitcoin. Such a system would revolve around 2.0 protocols like Counterparty, Mastercoin, or Colored Coins. But so far these are quite cumbersome compared to Bitshares, and are lagging behind. But a decentralized exchange that pegs assets using Bitcoin could dramatically benefit Bitcoin and its future, which is why I am concerned that some of the core devs for Bitcoin are actually seeking to undermine 2.0 technologies. 
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:46:13
^^ This guy sprinkles cocaine on his doughnuts.
@_date: 2014-10-04 23:35:47
I don't think you understand my point. Even if Bitcoin mining centralization occurs, possessing majority hashing power is separate from possessing majority of the currency. Mining does not have to be done for profit, it's motive can be to gain control of the network, or to prevent someone else from gaining control.
Real power is in controlling a currency, not in merely possessing the units of that currency. The Federal Reserve's power comes from controlling the currency, the amount of money they make is secondary for an institution that can print any amount of money into existence that they want on a whim. The same power is of grave concern when it comes to cryptocurrencies. People are thinking short term when they pump PoS, they aren't thinking bigger picture. The bigger picture is that once someone achieves majority control over the units of currency in a PoS, they forever control the system itself, they become the Central Bank of the system. This isn't true of Bitcoin. Even if someone gains temporary control, that control can easily be displaced by the rest of the network simply gaining more hashing power. With PoS, you can never wrestle control away from the owner of the network. When crypto gets to the level of nation states, either we are going to get Federal Reserve coin, or we are going to get Bitcoin. 
I definitely believe there is a vital role for pegged coins, I don't know how that will play out, but I think it is a mistake to think that volatility is a problem with crypto. Crypto isn't money, it is larger than money. And there will be a function for a variety of cryptocurrencies with different underlying strengths and functions. 
Sorry if this post feels hurried, I have to run. 
@_date: 2014-06-17 15:15:47
Kenneth Rogoff wasn't arguing that we should get rid of paper/physical money, he was arguing that we should get rid of cash. Although the two have always been considered synonymous, the advent of electronic cash (Bitcoin) makes it clear that paper isn't necessary for the existence of cash. 
Rogoff's objections to cash essentially boil down to the fact that banks and governments cannot directly control it. Indeed, what makes cash "cash" is the fact that it can be exchanged without requiring a third party to facilitate the transaction, not that it is made out of paper or some other physical material. It is this bypassing of the middleman that creates many of the dilemmas Rogoff outlines.
The problem for the dollar is that in its cash form it can only exist as paper. It has no way of being used as electronic cash. While dollars can happily exist as pure digital numbers inside a bank's computer, to exchange those dollars with someone else is a process of altering the ledger of two different bank accounts. No actual direct exchange of electronic dollars is possible without relying on a bank, making electronic cash - for dollars - impossible. To exchange dollars without a middleman requires physical money.
Unfortunately, physical money is living on borrowed time. Technology is ever evolving at a faster and faster pace and everything is becoming digital. Buying things using your smart phone and other devices will gradually replace the need to even carry a wallet or purse. Automated machines, such as driver-less taxis, will want to accept payment and physical cash will not be an option. Uses for paper cash will diminish, as they already have, and governments will eventually cease to print more. As technologies that allow individuals to manufacture physical items with ease continue to evolve - such as 3D printing -  eventually counterfeiting paper money will become relatively trivial for even the average person. Cash, in paper form, for these reasons and others, will die . . . it is already dying.
The question becomes, will the disappearance of paper cash lead to the disappearance of cash entirely? Or will it be replaced by electronic cash (e.g., Bitcoin)? Will all money transactions need to go through and be approved by a third party? Will it no longer even be possible to withdrawal your money from the bank (i.e., it will only be possible to transfer your money to another account)? Will it no longer be possible to pay your neighbor's son for mowing the lawn without paying a small transaction fee to a big institution? Will it no longer be possible to spend money anonymously? Will it be possible for the government to tax individuals directly by subtracting from their bank accounts? Will it be possible for the central bank to facilitate monetary policy by imposing negative interest rates to remove money straight from people's bank accounts?
If you believe cryptocurrency is a passing fad, then either you believe in a future of extreme control over money and livelihood by powerful institutions, or you have a tremendous amount of faith in paper. 
@_date: 2014-06-23 14:51:04
Never lost money to MtGox, but your post stinks of criminal. I suspect you, and the people upvoting you, are yourselves criminals like Mark, that is why you feel the need to rationalize what he did. It is always easier to steal from people who "deserve it". 
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:47:20
My understanding is that 'virtual currency' refers to currencies confined a specific online closed system. So, for example, World of Warcraft uses a virtual currency, as money in the game is only used to buy things within that game and can't be used for anything else (without exchanging it into another currency). Another example might be Amazon Coins, which are a kind of virtual gift card and can only be used to purchase digital content from Amazon and can't be used outside of this context. Put differently, virtual currencies tend to be confined to a particular set of computer servers. 
A quality of virtual currencies is that the issuer -- such as Blizzard in the case of WoW gold, or Amazon in the case of Amazon coins -- has complete control over the currency and can issue as many coins as they choose. Furthermore, coins are both created and destroyed regularly. The issuer serves as a kind of Central Bank within that confined context. 
'Digital currency', on the other hand, refers to any type of electronic currency which is meant to be used similarly to fiat currencies, while ignoring traditional national boundaries -- its only real context is the internet itself. Where it can or cannot be used is only limited who is willing to trade in it.
In this sense, Bitcoin is a digital currency, but not a virtual one. However, Bitcoin is a unique digital currency in that it is decentralized, whereas previous digital currencies, such as e-gold, relied on central issuers. If one wishes to make clear when talking about a currency that it has these qualities of being decentralized and peer-to-peer, then it should be referred to as a cryptocurrency. 
That is to say, Bitcoin is a 'cryptocurrency', which is a kind of digital currency, and 'digital currencies' are different than 'virtual currencies'. However, since it wasn't until cryptocurrencies that the use of digital currencies took off, it wouldn't be surprising if the term became more or less loosely synonymous with 'cryptocurrency'. 
These definitions will get a bit complicated when Bitcoin 2.0 technologies make it easy for people and companies to issue their own virtual currencies, but these currencies will exist outside of their company's servers and instead exist on a global blockchain. [Tatianacoin]( for example. These 2.0 tokens will be built on top of cryptocurrency blockchains, like Bitcoin's, and will be tradeable globally just like Bitcoin is tradeable globally, but will otherwise have all the qualities of virtual currencies. They will be coins designed to be used for special purposes and within specific contexts, and will have central issuers -- i.e., they will be virtual currencies in almost every sense -- but they will also be part of the global ecosystem and not merely confined to their specific context. What this could potentially mean for online game like World of Warcraft is hard to anticipate. But with Occulus and virtual reality coming, I suspect that games like World of Warcraft may become a lot more like extensions of real life. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 01:00:54


At least that oligopoly's power can be usurped. Same power expressed in a PoS system is permanent (as long as they aren't willing to sell away their majority control). 
BTW, amazing work Vitalik. Send my thanks to whatever advanced civilization sent you down to Earth to help us mere mortals out.  
@_date: 2014-08-24 13:57:12
r/buttcoin hijacking yet another thread . . . 
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:02:18
I hear you, but here is the thing I don't yet understand about Anarchism. If I am starting a business to compete with a larger, more established business, what is to stop the rich owner of that business from hiring a bunch of thugs to come and kill me and bury my business into the ground if not law enforcement? How does the free market without government not just descend into something resembling organized crime?
@_date: 2014-06-14 11:49:42
What is the point of Bitcoin if it isn't decentralized? Why not just set up servers at Ghash.io, the currency would be a hell of a lot more efficient than using a cumbersome blockchain. Without decentralization Bitcoin is no different than E-Gold or World of Warcraft gold. Concerns about an attack are really valid, but secondary. Once you have a single party with control over the currency, the attack has already occurred. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 06:17:33


The article isn't about successful adoption of Bitcoin. In fact, he begins by pointing out that people's focus on adoption is what causes them to believe Bitcoin is in a bubble. You just demonstrated you are exactly the type of person the article is talking about in its opening two paragraphs. 
This article isn't really about debating with people who are doubting whether Bitcoin will be successful, it certainly isn't trying to use any of its various arguments as evidence that Bitcoin will be successful. That is why you are confused. You think he is trying to argue that Bitcoin is going to be a raging success, he isn't. 
The purpose of this article is to address the trends in the community that seek to separate the technology from its market cap. One obvious place that this occurs is in the debate over the validity and value of alt coins. A belief in alt coins generally coincides with a kind of philosophical view that market cap is irrelevant, that use is what matters. This would be the view, of course, because alt coins threaten digital scarcity. The article is pointing out that no cryptocurrency can achieve high levels of technological sophistication without a high market cap, challenging the idea that alt coins promote innovation. 
He also argues against the notion that we can just remove the whole currency aspect of bitcoin, and just utilize the technology behind it. This is a commonly expressed view, but he goes on to point out that the technology itself requires a market cap to work. For example, using bitcoin behind the scenes to transfer fiat money around the world simply cannot work if bitcoins themselves have no value. More importantly, it also cannot work if Bitcoin has a shallow market cap. So the technology of bitcoin cannot be abstracted from the value. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 04:08:47
Exactly. The 2-3% isn't an annual loss of the value of the system, it is simply a redistribution of wealth from the bottom/middle to the top. The overall wealth of the system remains the same, the rich people just have more of it. So if you are in that top bracket -- and most people who can safely "lend/invest" are -- then the current system is wonderful!
The North Korean situation they just wiped out everyone's savings by decree, rich and poor, and set everyone back to zero. In fact, it impacted the upper classes more than the lower classes. Our system we just take from the masses by decree and then give everything taken to the super rich. Apples and oranges. 
@_date: 2014-09-17 15:05:08


In all fairness, MtGox was never a strong company, it was one dude with a laptop with a "company" logo slapped on top born when Bitcoin was pretend money. Bitcoin just grew faster than Karpeles did . . .  er . . . though I'm sure the apple pie helped him to keep pace. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 04:24:43
The people who get the money are the bankers, not the borrowers. The bankers "print" the money into existence through the act of lending the money, at that moment they have just made themselves richer by the amount of money they printed. They then lend that "money" to the borrower who now holds a liability of that amount of money plus interest.
@_date: 2014-10-11 05:01:11


World of Warcraft gold would be one. The US Dollar would be another. 


That's right. You know, in my opinion money is, at root, artificial scarcity. It is the ability for human beings to abstract and transcend actual scarcity by treating scarcity itself as something that neither recognizes the limitations of space nor of time. Even the scarcity in gold was recognized to be in a sense arbitrarily determined by nature, which provoked the whole alchemy frenzy of the middle ages. The point is, it was recognized that nature could, in principal, violate her own definition of scarcity. Indeed, it seemed she had done just that when the new world was discovered. The Fed could, in principle, violate its own imposed laws of scarcity at any time. Bitcoin, could, in principle, rewrite the code and violate its own self-imposed scarcity. In money, scarcity is like the rules of a game, those rules can in theory be violated, though they rarely are, because to do so would be to upset the illusion that makes the whole thing work. 
The heart of money lies in the power that maintains the illusion. In the case of gold it was nature, in the case of fiat it is institutional power, in the case of Bitcoin it is technology. The reason some people feel that fiat money is bad money compared to gold is because they have never accepted what the rest of humanity accepted years ago: that human institutions are now more powerful than nature. The reason so many people despise the very idea of Bitcoin is because they have not yet accepted the idea that technology is more powerful than human institutions. Wherever you consciously or unconsciously locate power, that is where you will turn to define what is money, that is what makes money real for you. 
This is why for many Bitcoiners, Bitcoin is rapidly starting to feel more real than fiat money. You look at this empty dollar bill and you have to remind yourself that it isn't just paper. This is because most Bitcoiners believe in technology more than they believe in human institutions. 
Now prior to Bitcoin, while you could use technology to produce artificial scarcity, ultimately this scarcity came from, and was being upheld by, human beings. World of Warcraft gold, for example, uses digital technology to produce it, but it is ultimately the developers of WoW that decide how much scarcity should exist. In other words, in all of these virtual currencies prior to Bitcoin, the medium out of which the currency was made was digital, but the author and controller, the ultimate power defining their arbitrary scarcity, was human. They were no different than the US dollar in this respect, except in lacking a powerful institution behind them to give them validity. With Bitcoin, the power defining scarcity is not human, it is mathematical, it is technological. 
Bitcoin is essentially the singularity. If you define the 21st century as the century in which machines replace human beings as the ultimate power, then Bitcoin represents the start of the 21st century. Money is the foundation for society, it is the foundation for social consciousness and collective agreement about objective reality. When you move the power that defines what is money from super human institutions to technology, the entire civilization will change. People say Bitcoin is no different than fiat because a small few hold the majority of Bitcoin wealth, they don't realize it isn't about who holds the most amount of money, it is about who, or what, defines what money is. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:25:40
No offense, but if you are any indication of the "friendliness" of the bitcoin community, we are in trouble. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 07:32:09
Cryptofiat may be coming, but it won't make a difference. 
It is understandable that people are concerned about this now. Proof-of-stake consensus is all the rage, some have even gone so far as to suggest Bitcoin will eventually need to switch over to this type of algorithm. Naturally, then -- seeing that fiat money essentially works the same way as PoS -- the concern would rise, "if the future of cryptocurrency is PoS, and PoS essentially makes cryptofiat possible, perhaps the future of cryptocurrency is fiatcoin ".
But the genius behind Bitcoin is, in part, the fact that it separates power over the currency from possession of the currency. This simple but fundamental separation allows Bitcoin to divorce itself from the basic limitation of traditional currency, which is that traditional currency system are owned by someone. Put differently, with fiat and PoS money, once you achieve majority possession of the currency, you simultaneously achieve power over the currency itself (e.g., the power to print money or change the rules governing the currency), and most importantly, that power can never be taken away from you. You simply need to control the majority of units of money and refuse to ever sell them. Money which is by design something that can be ultimately controlled by whomever possesses the majority of coins is really a monetary system that itself can be owned. 
Bitcoin, on the other hand, uses proof-of-work, which separates power over the currency from possession of the currency itself. This was Satoshi Nakamoto's doing. This separation makes it difficult for any party to ever gain permanent control over the currency, as their power can always be usurped by some other entity who manages to put together more hashing power. (What this implies is that eventually mining will no longer be done for profit, but instead will be done out of concerns over national security and power. No nation will be able to afford the threat of allowing any other nation or collection of nations to achieve majority control over the universal currency. People are currently concerned about Bitcoin mining centralization, but this concern will take on a whole new meaning when national security depends upon Bitcoin remaining decentralized. Once Bitcoin becomes large enough that the principle concern over who controls the currency becomes paramount, mining will cease to be done for profit, and will instead be done competitively by nation states, maintaining the system's decentralized nature. We have never seen this kind of relationship to currency before, historically, because there has never been a money which separated power over the currency from the possession of the currency.)
It is this separation that allows PoW coins to achieve universal status, to work as global money. A global currency simply cannot work with a central authority owning it, it must be decentralized and universal to all. PoS coins, fiat coins, always end with centralization because, as I have said, once someone, or some nation, gains majority possession of the units of money, they control the currency forever. 
The argument for PoS coins replacing PoW coins are fundamentally relying on two points: 1) that all cryptocurrencies, including PoW coins, eventually lead to centralization and 2) that the world will be populated with countless competing currencies. With the ability to effortless exchange these currencies (presumably your wallet would do all the conversions instantly) there is no need for universal currencies . . . effectively all currencies will be universal. 
With regard to  while PoS does inevitably lead to centralization, PoW mining does not because mining can be done without concern for profit. (Even in the short term while mining is still done for profit centralization can be avoided.)  closed-context currencies (i.e., multiple currencies) depend on forcing people to use those currencies in certain contexts. For example, the US dollar is the only legal currency inside of the United States. Bitshares is required to trade inside the BitsharesX exchange for another example. All of these closed context coins will be like, in a sense, commodities. Some coins will be very liquid, others not so much. Every time you want to exchange from one currency to the other you need to find someone to trade with, someone who happens to want the coin you have in exchange for the coin they have. You can almost imagine the old barter system, where you go to town with your chickens looking to trade for some potatoes, hoping to find someone who is selling potatoes who happens to want chickens. It is just so much simpler if you have money. That is to say, a universal currency becomes the money for cryptocurrency exchange. There will be many currencies, including fiatcoin, but you will still need a kind of super money that serves as a money you can use to easily exchange cryptocurrencies, in the same way gold coins allowed you to easily exchange chickens for potatoes. 
Put simply, you need a money for money. Such a super money requires that it be universal, and to be universal it must be decentralized, and to be decentralized it must separate power (over the currency) from possession (of the currency). 
(Furthermore, fiat and PoS currencies share the deficit of not being inherently scarce. Fiat money is made of paper and numbers in a computer, and PoS coins lack the basic feature that gives PoW coins their inherent scarcity, namely, the fact that with PoW coins only the top coin of any respective hash algorithm is secure, all competitors lack security and thus die. This means that PoS coins have to be pegged to some underlying system to derive their value which, again, precludes them from attaining universal currency status).
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:32:24
Was the problem that the value of the dollar was rising? Or was the problem that there weren't enough dollars in circulation?
Obviously, when we talk about deflation, the amount of money in circulation and the value of that money are two concepts that are often conflated. But with cryptocurrency, the amount of money in circulation is never an issue -- unlike a gold backed dollar -- as cryptocurrencies are theoretically infinitely divisible. This means that the increasing value of the currency is not necessarily tied to a shortage in the amount of money available. 
The broader issue is why should people invest their money if they are better off just holding onto it. I think we need to see how this plays out, on several levels. Obviously the process of mass adoption will result in an ever increasing value of the currency (yet despite this spending and investment seem to be actually increasing, not decreasing). But once mass adoption is achieved, what then? More importantly, however, bitcoin and cryptocurrency are in their technological infancy, and there will be a tremendous amount of innovation built around them. Bitcoin herself will probably be vastly improved over the bitcoin we have today several years from now, and 2.0 technologies and meta coins will make advanced financial technologies possible, including things that simply weren't possible in the current system. It is theoretically possible that one day cryptocurrency will be able to control the monetary supply for a healthy economy mathematically, without the need for any central bank or powerful third party who controls the money supply. Really, if this issue turns out to be an issue, there is nothing stopping us from innovating around it. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 06:00:02
Vitalik Buterin is really amazing. He understands this technology so much more profoundly than most people. I wish I could hear more of this kind of thing from him. Bitcoin is a transition technology . . . completely agree. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 22:51:22
Give me a break . . . 
@_date: 2014-09-29 13:58:00
I heard people who like Bitcoin are mostly overweight losers who live in their momma's basement. 
@_date: 2014-09-26 14:54:05


Er . . . you may want to temper that excitement a tad. Welcome aboard. :-)
@_date: 2014-11-14 16:19:57
Mark Karpeles . . . is that you?
@_date: 2014-05-31 05:37:03
Not .666?
@_date: 2015-05-25 14:48:34


If Bitcoin solves all this -- not sure that it will -- holding 3 coins probably will make you relatively rich, yes. This is why even bitcoin skeptics should be investors, if for no other reason than to hedge. Otherwise they are demonstrating the same sort of irrational self-confidence they criticize bitcoiners for. 
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:54:31
Taking in the beautiful sunset, sipping a frappuccino, knowing he is now the 2nd richest bitcoiner on earth while the investigators are still trying to figure out what a bitcoin even is, and the Bitcoin community is still trying to figure out how someone so fat and incompetent can turn out to be one of the greatest criminal masterminds in history. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:42:08


Yes, but you simultaneously owe the bank the same amount you were given. It is never really "given" to you, you are just borrowing it. So you weren't actually given any money, and the bank didn't actually lose any money because it "printed" the loan into existence. They made themselves richer and then gave you the money, so they ended up not gaining or losing money. But now the borrower owes the bank interest. So the borrower actually loses money. Saying they get the money is misleading. 
@_date: 2014-10-07 04:42:55


But gaining more market cap means it is volatile again! Ah, the paradox.
@_date: 2014-09-19 00:35:55
Yes, I guess Bitcoin was too small to attract the kind of pessimism we see today. When you pry between all the troll posts, however, Bitcoiners today sound pretty much just like they did back then. 
@_date: 2017-02-01 03:41:29
Proof of work is the primary reason bitcoin is not a fiat-like currency. Because of the tremendous amount of real life resources required to mine new bitcoins, there is effectively no such thing as free bitcoins. *All bitcoins require an exchange of value* -- whether it be in the form of paying for bitcoin with national currencies or other cryptocurrencies, or whether it be in the form of spending energy in order to mine bitcoin. *In order to acquire bitcoin you must pay for it.* You simply cannot print bitcoin out of thin air at zero costs. (Notice that this stands in contrast to Proof of Stake systems where that is precisely what happens: coins are created for free.)
What this means is that whenever new bitcoins are created, the total amount of value that has been exchanged for bitcoin increases. Put simply, people are *paying* for newly minted bitcoin -- paying in electricity which is made possible because of PoW. While people are generally aware that mining bitcoin increases the supply, what they don't commonly consider is that paying for bitcoin -- whether through currency exchange or energy expenditure -- always represents additional *demand.* Since bitcoin mining is simply a way of paying for bitcoin, it not only increases the supply of bitcoin, but *it simultaneously also increases the demand for bitcoin.* Since the market price simply reflects the balance of supply and demand, PoW mining represents a way of increasing the supply without putting downward pressure on the price since it also increases demand in concert with the increased supply. 
In contrast, cryptocurrencies which create coins at zero costs add to the supply of coins without simultaneously adding to the demand since the newly minted coins are not paid for. This means such cryptocurrencies experience continual downward pressure on the price. That isn't to say that market demand for these coins can't outweigh the downward price pressure from inflation, it is just to say that there is always this ever present inflation which market pressures must compete with.
PoW isn't *only* a way of securing the network, it also is a way of securing the price. 
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:54:52
No, no, we get that. We understand that that is how people think of Bitcoin and that that is why they are annoyed. We've all been there, had some crazy relative who tried to sell us into some pyramid scheme or convince us of some "investment", or worse try to convert us to some religion. The more zealous they become, the more you can't stand to be around them. 
But from our perspective, the world seems completely different now. We see the changes that are coming, the glory of it . . . and everyone else seems like they are in a fog, walking about like zombies, completely unaware, mumbling to themselves and slowly shuffling along toward a giant pit which will devour them forever.
@_date: 2017-02-10 16:02:39
This reminds me of the story of the man stuck on his roof during a flood who prays to God to save him. When a another man in a raft rows by and shouts, "get in!" the man on the roof replies, "no thanks, God will save me."
Segwit and LN *are the network adapting*, they *are* the solution to scaling everyone has been praying for, advocated by the vast majority of the experts including now the man who is most likely Satoshi Nakamoto. Choosing not to adapt because we think we know what adaptation looks like better than the experts is like the man on the roof who refuses to be saved because he thinks he knows what being saved by God looks like. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 19:30:42
If the internet today was the same as it was in '92, I doubt the percentage of the population using it would have changed all that much, the technology was too difficult and too limited in scope to attract anyone beyond the geek/nerd community. It is understandable that people at the time might have been apathetic or skeptical about the potential of the technology if they tried to envision the possibility of widespread adoption without the technology changing. Yet it was inevitable that the technology was going to evolve precisely because it solved a heretofore nonexistent problem, and having done so had to evolve in order to actualize its own intrinsic promise. It hadn't even occurred to people of the past that everyone on the planet could be connected informationally, yet once this was achieved in infancy, it had to play out to maturity.  
People today thinking about Bitcoin face the same difficulty. To imagine widespread adoption one must also have an intuitive sense of how this technology will evolve and mature in the coming decades, without that vision it is hard to imagine how adoption of bitcoin can go beyond what it already is. Yet it is also clear that this technology must grow because it has, like the internet before, introduced a solution to a problem we didn't even know we had, it has let the cat out of the bag and there is no way to undo that. 
Great technologies tend to solve problems that we didn't know we had until after they were already "solved". Search engines and the internet "solved" the problem of not having the world's database of information at our instant beck and call, but prior to their invention people didn't feel entitled to that kind of power and thus didn't perceive there to be a "problem". Far too often people tend to think of technology purely in terms of solving problems that are already clear, and that is the bulk of how technology progresses, but the great inventions are the ones that solve problems that only visionaries perceived. 
Bitcoin is one such invention, in my view, it is the invention of direct digital ownership, a phenomena that neither existed in the past nor a "problem" perceived to be in desperate need of a solution. Nevertheless, it is a global record of ownership that is more direct, immediate, and binding than ownership guaranteed by law, and one that is global and not restricted by the borders of the nation state. Even if there was to be a global government it could not establish the kind of immediate ownership this technology brings. In effect, it flips the "virtual" space from being less real than meat space, to becoming more real. 
Since ownership is the foundation of money, and money the foundation of finance, it is all but inevitable, in my view, that direct digital ownership that is inherently superior to indirect legal ownership will come to represent the backbone of the global economic system, a system that ultimately depends upon confidence and is increasingly finding national borders to be more of a liability than an asset. The entire global financial system could become radically simplified and streamlined with a global ledger and direct ownership -- and the confidence these things bring -- at it core, bypassing the problems increasingly apparent as the global banking system buckles under the weight of the 21st century. The average citizen will be brought into this financial system as direct participants rather than 2nd class observers of it. The internet, the digital domain, could become the locus of legal and financial value and citizenship. Are we anywhere near that yet? No. But I can see it now whereas before Bitcoin I could not. Whether 20 years from now we will still refer to 'Bitcoin' as at the heart of this technology I cannot say, but it is clear to me that this technology in general is huge, and since we have not even scratched the surface of its possible influence its clear to me that the answer is B.  
tl;dr  --  B
@_date: 2015-05-21 15:15:41


I take it you're not really into Bitcoin then . . . 
@_date: 2015-05-05 12:34:42
From the article:


Not sure about the narrative of that last sentence. Nevertheless, it is a good point. If you have a money monopoly -- that is, a situation where only one currency is used and accepted -- if that currency is also of fixed supply a liquidity crisis is always possible. You can solve this problem by removing the limitation of having a fixed supply, but you can also solve it by removing the limitation of having a monopoly.  That is to say, liquidity, which is so essential to money, will never become an issue if money exists within a competitive market, where people are free to use more than one currency and chose whichever serves them best. If people are hoarding too much of a given currency and driving the price up, others will begin to abandon that currency in favor of a more liquid alternative, thus driving the price down which removes the initial incentive to hoard. Competition guarantees the health of the currency, and I think this is a very important point for Bitcoiners to consider. 
People aren't used to thinking in terms of multiple currencies, that is understandable (and changing with crypto), but once you move from a monopoly to a free market, a lot changes, including the need for any central body (i.e., central banks) to regulate the money supply. Central banks are the solution taped on top of the problem of money monopolies, they are essentially a workaround, but if the problem doesn't exist, that workaround isn't required. 
Monopolies are always inferior, economically speaking, to competitive markets; and centrally planned economic models are always inferior to free markets. Modern monetary systems are the worse of both worlds, being both centrally planned and monopolistic. It is as if the influence of the soviet era resides in the heart of our economic systems. 
The problem for gold, however, is that it is going to have to compete with other forms of money, and I am not sure how well it will do in a digital age. What isn't going to happen is a return to a gold standard where gold is the sole accepted monetary base, because that just creates more problems than it solves by preserving the issue of having a currency monopoly, but also not solving the danger of a liquidity crisis born out of having such a monopoly. Having a fixed supply is a great thing, because it removes the influences of power manipulation, abuse, and corruption from a currency; but it only works in a free market, not when everyone is forced to use the same currency. And that is, again, the problem for gold (and precious metals in general) because their success historically relied on being accepted monopolies. What will they do when they have to compete with digital currencies in the age of the internet? 
@_date: 2015-05-02 16:44:53
In our modern monetary system, bank credit and cash are analogous to the relationship between banknotes and gold a hundred year ago. That is to say, bank credit is backed by cash, every unit of bank credit can be traded in for a unit of cash (that is what it means to withdrawal money from the bank). Since central banks creates cash, and since cash is the underlying trusted form of money upon which all trust in the bank credit system depends, people understandably believe central banks are the primary creators of money in the financial system, yet over 95% of all the money in existence is in the form of bank credit which is created by private banks. 
Commercial banks can issue as much bank credit as they want, since all bank credit really means is that the bank owes you the said amount in cash. If the bank credits your account 100 dollars, it means the bank owes you 100 dollars in cash. Banks are inadvertently creating money when they credit bank accounts because over time the system has come to consider bank credit just as good as cash. But the whole thing depends on the idea that bank credit ultimately is a promise to pay cash, and since cash can only be created by central banks, this relationship is what allows central banks to control the value and supply of money in a given society. 
Of course, this relationship is about to end, as cash is all but a joke in modern societies where everyone uses credit cards, and central banks don't even bother to print most of the money they lend to private banks anymore (the private banks just accept central bank credit as being as good as cash). Central bank credit (i.e., cash) is almost free these days and everyone is talking about the end of cash as a very real thing. 
But what happens if we get rid of cash? Well it means that bank credit becomes base money, which means it shifts from simply being a promise to pay base money into actual base money itself and therefore private banks remove the power over currency currently reserved for central banks and government and assume that power for themselves. It would be as if they suddenly had the power to create gold (back when gold was money). There is nothing stopping them from simply giving themselves all the money they want and buying everything in sight, destroying the currency and the economy with it. (Yes, I understand it is almost that bad already.) 
No, if bank credit becomes base money, then governments and central banks will have no choice but to essentially nationalize the banking system, or something along the lines of making the central bank the only bank which people are allowed to use. Control over the money supply is control over base money. Since removing cash would shift base money to the money that is created and stored in private banks, government would have no choice but to assume control, in one form or another, over private banks in order to control the money supply. When banknotes replaced gold as the primary form of money, government monopolized banknotes. If bank credit replaces cash as the primary form of money, government will monopolize the issuance of bank credit. 
I present this as if we have a choice, as if I am suggesting that getting rid of cash would be the wrong choice . . . but it seems to me that cash is on its way out regardless of whether anyone likes it or not. People like to argue about stuff like whether bitcoin is more or less convenient than credit cards, or how it improves or does not improve things for the average 1st world consumer, etc. They talk about Bitcoin vs legacy banking like they talk about Apple vs Google. But these issues are really going to be seen to be irrelevant in the long run. Holding onto the legacy system in many ways will require just as many radical changes as anything implied by shifting to a new financial paradigm centered around digital currencies. Big changes are coming either way, there is no way to avoid that. 
@_date: 2015-05-14 06:32:48
To control the consensus of the network you need to have more computational power than the entire network of "good" miners combined. The amount of computational power those good miners have is directly proportional to the price of Bitcoin, because the higher the price, the more equipment and electricity can be used to mine profitably. So the higher the price of bitcoin, the more difficult it is to get majority computational power for an attacker. Put simply, **the security of the network is proportional to the price of bitcoin.** 
Also to consider is that there are issues of liquidity. That is to say, the lower the price, the more volatility large transactions will cause, whereas with a very high price, stability of the currency is all but assured. Imagine if you dropped a truck in the ocean, it would have very little impact. But that same truck dropped in a swimming pool would have a very large impact.
@_date: 2014-09-14 02:47:31
@_date: 2014-07-22 15:16:20
Well, let's say I gave a donation to the Democratic Party but my husband is a rabid Tea Party supporter and I don't want him to know. Or say I bought a sex doll because I am a bit of a loser and I don't want the entire world to know that. Or say I spent $300 bucks on a woman whom I am having an affair with and I don't want my wife to notice that I gave some random woman that money. 
When all of your financial transactions are public, there suddenly is a real need for privacy. With fiat currency, this was never an issue, because fiat currency is already private. 
@_date: 2015-05-24 15:19:34
Will they have a porn section?
@_date: 2014-09-21 15:42:23
If you want to attack a PoS system, you need to purchase the coins.
But you can never purchase enough coins to gain 51% control, therefore you can't attack a PoS system. 
Obviously I don't mean that you can never attack a PoS system by buying the coins, but it becomes much more difficult than attacking an equivalent PoW system, in which you can literally just throw money at it to assume control, because the increase in hashing power that would come from your new equipment trying to wrestle control of the system doesn't simultaneously drive up the price as it does for PoS. In other words, in both PoS and PoW you have a wall you need to climb over, but in PoW that wall is of a relatively fixed height, whereas with PoS the further you climb up the wall, the higher the wall becomes. 
Finally, a PoS coin can be easily forked without being threatened by the money you poured into taking control of the original system. So you throw millions to get over that wall, and then the creators just fork the coin and start over, and all your money is irrelevant to taking down the new iteration of the coin. Whereas with PoW, all that money you poured into taking over the coin is in the form of mining equipment, so that if the creators of that coin forked it and started over, you could just re-target your mining equipment toward the new coin and destroy it easily. 
@_date: 2015-05-05 11:09:38
Right. The only reason we notice the price change in Bitcoin is because we are always measuring the price in terms of our native fiat currencies (e.g. dollars). If everything were measured in terms of bitcoin, we wouldn't notice any price change, we would only notice that the price of things went up or down today, and that is more or less what we experience with fiat money. 
Fiat money also has a lag time where changes in price aren't immediately reflected in price. This delay, incidentally, further increases the perception of stability. As long as the price change is always in one direction (inflation), and it is because it is controlled by the central bank, the delay allows for a continual wealth redistribution toward those who first receive newly created money since they receive the new money before prices have adjusted upward and prices don't actually adjust upward until they spend it. When they spend that new money, everyone else sees a loss in the value of their money as new money increases the overall supply. The amount that everyone else loses is the amount that the initial spenders of the new money gain. All of this is possible, in part, because people don't notice it is happening due to the illusion fiat generates.  
@_date: 2014-09-21 03:47:33
Yeah, I think you are right. I also think this might really be the closest insight into why many people are terrified of Bitcoin. Essentially what he is recognizing is that Bitcoin causes you to have both feet in cyberspace, not just one foot in, one foot out. The key insight is that Bitcoin represent a very large step toward humanity actually living entirely in the digital space. 
@_date: 2017-02-02 01:13:55
Ultimately it comes down to whether Bitcoin is able to scale. I, like many of you, have the feeling Bitcoin is going to explode soon, but right now the network simply cannot handle that kind of massive increase in adoption. Hopefully Segwit and Lightning will get implemented just in time. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 05:42:21
It is kind of hard to charge someone for murder if no murder occurred. 
@_date: 2014-05-14 16:03:57
Again, if the issue is needing more money, cryptocurrency will never have an problem as it is theoretically infinitely divisible and so the money supply can always increase. The limited number of bitcoins (21 million) just means it can achieve this unlimited supply of money and simultaneously be deflationary. Since we have never seen that before it is hard to predict how it will play out. 
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:02:27




Then they don't understand it. People understand being robbed at gun point, they don't understand the financial system at all, so that even if they are defrauded by the financial system they aren't aware enough to get upset about it. If the same amount of money was stolen at gun point people would be massively upset. People are not OK with being exploited and robbed, they just don't realize that that is happening to them. It is just a simple case of "ignorance is bliss".  


The utility of money does not come from its physical properties alone, as is the case with a shovel. Money depends on abstract systems that are fundamentally political.  The entire system of money we have today, fiat money, depends entirely on law and government to sustain itself. On the dollar bill it says, "this note is legal tender". As a tool the physical bill has no more utility than a piece of paper. It is law which makes it transcend that trivial utility and become something profound and vital to society, the same laws make for property rights and capitalism. You can't separate money from politics, and to do so is to crawl back into exactly the same space of ignorance we have been talking about that plagues the masses. 
@_date: 2015-05-15 15:00:42
I think the important point is not that bitcoin is going to replace credit cards, but rather that bitcoin makes it possible to transfer money as easily as it is to transfer credit. 
Prior to bitcoin, you had no money that was in itself informational or digital in nature. (Most "money" in bank accounts is actually just credit, not money, and actual money was made out of paper.) But since we are living in the information age, a method for transferring money using information was nevertheless required, and the simplest solution was just the IOU. That is to say, I could call you up and tell you, "I promise I will pay you within 3 business days X amount." If the money, not being digital, required time to send, at least the promise to pay that money could be communicated instantly. 
Of course, promise to pay is not the same thing as payment itself, so a sophisticated set of institutions was required to make sure most promises were reliable and kept (and thus the credit card was born). So promise to pay effectively became a substitute for money in a world where everything was digital but the money was not. With Bitcoin, however, we now have digital money. 
(In many respects, the problem with the modern financial system is that everything revolves around the settlement of promises to pay. Like a house of cards, if one set of promises to pay is not met, all the rest can come crashing down, a chain reaction that could bring down national economies, as we saw in 2008. Imagine a system, however, where promises to pay didn't involve risk or interest, but rather were automatically settled by the system (in a way similar to what we see with Bitshares). This kind of thing could happen in a world where finance existed on top of a blockchain and could have a profound impact on the stability of the global economy.) 
 
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:11:50
@_date: 2014-10-12 14:04:20
Been living under a rock lately?
@_date: 2015-01-15 05:36:19
Anyway, for those interested:
@_date: 2015-01-16 07:39:58
The separate trials IS the Marlyand trial, no? He was never charged with murder-for-hire in this current case, the New York one. If the charges had substance, why would NY not even bother with them? The bottom line is that these accusations have hurt him image tremendously with the public, yet short of their use in defiling his image, the Feds don't seem to take them very seriously.  
@_date: 2015-01-09 16:13:58
Mark Karpeles . . . is that you?
@_date: 2014-09-19 15:47:08
You have to trust the data feeds, which come from the same feeds used by major banking institutions I would assume, so if they aren't accurate the whole global financial system is in trouble.
As far as the risks that come from Bitshares plummeting in value, like I said the bitassets are liquidated when movement in either direction tests the contract. Now it is still possible, if unlikely, that an asset or bitshares themselves, will plummet so quickly that the bitasset can't be liquidated fast enough. This could create a small or massive problem, no one knows, though there has been a lot of theoretical consideration of the problem. Bottom line is, that is how banking works, there are risks inherent in it. I mean, yes, to the extent the banking system itself is a scam you could say that of BitsharesX, but that doesn't equate with what I mean when I think of a shitcoin scam. 


And Bitcoin depends on bitcoins having value. The global financial system depends on dollars having value . . .  
But I understand what you are saying. The main difficulty with BitsharesX is that the very thing that makes it attractive -- namely that it is a way of storing your wealth and avoiding the volatility of, say, Bitcoin -- is undermined by the uncertainty inherent in the project. As you say, if BitsharesX just falls apart, all those bitassets fall with it. It is attractive the idea of converting your bitcoins into USD to avoid the risk associated with bitcoin and to lock in your financial gains, but every time you do that you have to pay taxes. Using BitsharesX you could avoid taxes entirely, however you don't really avoid the risk because BitsharesX itself is so risky. I suspect this is why they mostly sell it as an exchange at this point, rather than as a bank, where you can short commodities like bitcoin, rather than trying to sell it as a safe place to store your bitcoin. Someday that might change. 
@_date: 2015-01-22 03:50:57
In QE, the banks essentially act as middlemen so that the central banks can purchase assets directly from non-bank entities (most of whom are non-bank financial companies, i.e., the 1% . . . the average joe doesn't know what QE is and likely never will). 
Central banks can only give money directly to banks, short of literally printing cash, they can't hand money to you or I because non-bank parties don't have the ability to open an account with a central bank. Therefore, in order to hand money directly to non-bank entities, central banks must first give money to the private bank with whom the ultimate recipient of the money holds an account, and then have that bank give money to the target party. So private banks really only act as middlemen and don't benefit directly from QE. 
The purpose of QE is to add more money to the economy. It is an emergency measure due to the fact that private banks are not making enough loans and therefore not creating enough money to keep the monetary system afloat. I think saying QE "stimulates" the economy is generous at best, more accurate to say it keeps it from collapsing. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 14:54:42
I think the idea would be to drive down the price in order to dramatically reduce the hashing power and then perform a 51% attack. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:52:58
In economics, "money supply" refers to the total amount of money in existence at any one time, not the rate new money is being created.
@_date: 2015-05-25 15:40:57
It isn't just as simple as the demand for bitcoin skyrocketing during a crisis as people try to secure their wealth. The coming decades will likely involve some pretty profound transformations in the way the financial system works, and bitcoin is far better poised to play a vital role in that transition when the old paradigm is in a state of collapse and the collective assumptions about fiat currency and central banking have been undermined. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:06:05


The important thing isn't that you have to avoid third parties, but that you can if you want to. With digital fiat money (aka bank credit), on the other hand, there is no choice, the money can only exist within the ledger of a bank, you are at their mercy. 
This feeling of being at the mercy of an institution that everyone knows is fundamentally untrustworthy for the use of your own money, that the money itself is more rented than owned, is at the heart of why fiat money feels disgusting. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:09:08
Very good response. 


Exactly. 
Our fiat money system has actually evolved past the point of simple fractional reserve banking. In fact, fractional reserve banking was really just an intermediate step on the way to what we have today.
Imagine your scenario with Bitcoin where people started trading virtual bitcoins as if they were good as bitcoins themselves, and the issuer of those virtual bitcoins then said, "you know what, everyone would be better if we just got rid of Bitcoin entirely and just used our virtual bitcoins instead!" Say everyone agreed to this. That would be closer to what we have today with fiat money. 
People are under the slightly mistaken impression that fractional reserve banking still exists because there is a reserve requirement, where banks are required to have a certain amount of money in the account with their respective central bank which acts as the base money. Instead of gold, or in your example bitcoins, they have an account at the central bank and the money in there represents "real" money somehow. The idea is that the central bank can alter the reserve ratios and therefore limit how much fractional reserve lending occurs. 
The reality, according to a [recent report from the Bank of England]( is that reserves at the central bank are really only for the purpose of intra-bank transactions. That is, when banks transfer money to other banks, it happens through the accounts held at the central bank. So if bank A owes bank B money the central bank can simple deduct it from bank A's account and type it into bank B's account. The larger the bank, the more money it will require be held at the central bank for simple utility purposes, not because the banking system is trying to act as if gold still exists. 
The only thing limiting lending at this stage is essentially market forces and central bank monetary policies. The Bank of England, for example, has no formal reserve requirements. The limits from fractional reserve lending are really a thing of the past. 
There is also the view that banks require a certain amount of deposits on hand in order to create new loans. But bank deposits are actually simply a record of how much the bank owes to other people. That is, bank deposits are not an asset for banks, they are a liability. Banking doesn't work the way it used to, where banks require us to put money in them so they can lend out that money to others. Banks don't need deposits, they create them (when they make loans). 
Banks create deposits when they make loans, and since almost all of the money in circulation is in the form of bank deposits, it means almost all of the money comes with corresponding debt, debt that usually includes interest. Since the amount of debt equals the amount of money in existence, if all of the debts were repaid there wouldn't be any money left. Worse, since most of that debt comes with interest, there isn't actually even enough money in existence to pay back all of the debt. And, finally, because all money is created as debt . . . there never will be enough money to pay back our debts. 
This is why the fiat money system requires constant inflation, because inflation makes it easier to pay back loans, and because a constant supply of new loans is required to create new money - money that is needed to pay back existing debts - if the situation should ever turn into deflation were people couldn't pay back their loans or take out new loans, the whole system would collapse. 
 
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:53:48
One problem, among many, with blacklisting is that in the effort to make it difficult to commit theft by small criminals, you have made it trivial to commit theft by powerful institutions. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:03:04
You can't cut that out of the equation because he was never charged with murder or hiring hitmen! That part was just made up basically for a variety of reasons, primarily to shape public opinion. If there is any truth to those claims, the government doesn't have the evidence to charge him, regardless. But the fact that people are still influenced by these accusations is disturbing. 
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:12:49
The heart of the article really boils down to this:
How can Bitcoin, or an economy built around Bitcoin, deal with the fundamental service provided by modern banking, namely lending, without simply falling to the same fate as gold did? And, if Bitcoin does end in the same fate as gold, i.e., the establishment of central banks and fiat money, then what was the point in having Bitcoin at all?
Put differently, what this article is implying is that either:
A) Bitcoin will take us back to an economic age similar to what we had when gold was used as currency. Such an economic age is not suitable to modern economies.
or 
B) Bitcoin will create a radical new type of economic system that replaces the one we currently use. 
What is not an option, however, is:
C) Bitcoin will simply replace fiat money within the existing system.
And the reason, he argues, that C is not possible is because our existing modern economies are all entirely built around the creation of money through lending. If Bitcoin wishes to exist within the current paradigm, presumably as digital gold, it will simply end up falling fate to fractional reserve banking, same as gold did. If Bitcoin really wants to prevail, it will have to spark a new economic revolution. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 05:52:21
It really is amazing. It was so easy to invest when we were in the midst of the hype cycle and everyone was looking to the moon, and so easy not to invest when everyone is feeling pessimistic and convinced Bitcoin is going to disappear entirely, and yet if you follow what is easy, you always lose.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:22:40


"Shoving fiat in their mattress", if you will, is an important way in that central banks control the amount of money in an economy. Holding money, i.e. not spending it, decreases the overall supply of money in circulation and thus increases its value. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:16:50
What he said was:


What he doesn't say is that as the number of transactions increases (i.e., as the network grows), that percentage drops.
@_date: 2015-01-12 21:00:31
The reason people call Bitcoin a "ponzi" is because they are confusing the term to mean something like "pyramid" scheme. The reason they think Bitcoin is a pyramid scheme is because of the intuition that bitcoins, in and of themselves, have no value. In order for them to acquire value, new people must come into the network willing to treat them as valuable. In life, if someone tries to sell you something that has no value and tells you you should buy because someday even more people will be buying these things, i.e., their only value lies in the hope that more people will continue to buy them, that is what most people would call something like a pyramid scheme. Bitcoin looks a lot like this. 
Of course, it isn't really true that Bitcoin has no intrinsic value. Blockchain technology is revolutionary, and if the whole world switches to using this technology it would dramatically optimize, streamline, simplify, and clarify every crevice of the global economy. You have to remember, the whole purpose of money is to lubricate economic activity by making such activity frictionless, and cryptocurrency is rapidly making people aware of how much of the friction intrinsic to the legacy system is just not inherently necessary.
Yet people point out that the currency is not the same thing as the blockchain, and that many different currencies can be made using the same technology. The argument is that bitcoins, therefore, in themselves have no intrinsic value, even if the underlying technology is valuable.  
OK. But what is it that the blockchain actually does? It creates real digital assets, i.e., digital assets that you own directly without a third party, the same way you would own physical assets like gold. Prior to this technology that didn't really exist. The reason fiat money is debt based is largely because that is the only way to achieve transportability when the money is not made out of real assets. With blockchain technology, you can have money made out of real assets and be transportable, a merger we haven't seen since the days of gold money. (Incidentally, it is also why gold will never be a money again, as lacks the requisite transportability for the digital age.) 
For blockchain technology to work, the assets that the blockchain is "made out of" must have value. If we always rely on the "well, you could always make another blockchain" argument, and therefore dismiss the value of any one blockchain's respective asset, be it bitcoin or dogecoin or ether or whatnot, then we are essentially saying none of them have value, nor ever will, in which case blockchain technology will never advance. 
On the other hand, for those said assets to have value, people must recognize the value of the blockchain. But for people to recognize the value of the blockchain, the blockchain technology must work, and as I have said, for the technology to work the assets must have value. It is a chicken or the egg problem.
It isn't that the units of a blockchain, like Bitcoin, don't have "inherent" value, it is that their inherent value lies in the future, rather than the past. 
With a pyramid scheme, the whole thing must inevitably collapse because the units of the scheme have no value and time fails to give them any real value. But with blockchain technology, the more people who participate in and use the network, the more profound and powerful the network becomes, the more it evolves, the more it innovates, the more it transforms.
This isn't a pyramid scheme, we are growing something. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:50:22
Given that many people are starting to feel that the War on Drugs does more harm than good, and you have something like Silkroad where people were able to buy and sell drugs in a relatively peaceful anonymous way . . .  designed by a young white, relatively good looking male who was a creative entrepreneur and techno geek -- every ideal of American society -- the Feds kind of needed something more meaty, like hiring hitmen, to turn public opinion against him. 
Yet as much as these accusations have gone a long way to shape public opinion, he has never been charged with them (to my knowledge), and they have basically mysteriously just disappeared . . . 
@_date: 2015-01-01 15:20:00
@_date: 2015-01-23 06:56:09
You have the gold bug libertarians like Peter Schiff on one side, guys like this socialist on the other. Their arguments against Bitcoin, however, are more or less identical. 
Yet one side is convinced we need to keep fiat money, only return it to a gold standard. That is to say, they think the money of the 21st century will be the same as the money of the 19th century. Worse, perhaps, is some actually think we can literally go back to the kind of money we had in the 6th century and just use gold coins. 
The Marxists, on the other hand, presumably think we should just get rid of money entirely. That is, they want money to go back to what it was in the stone ages.  
These guys just don't represent the future of money. They talk a good game in their skepticism of Bitcoin, but they have no vision of the future. The 21st century is going to be profoundly digital, it isn't going to be people carrying around sacks of gold or begging the one world government to give them food, and while all groups agree that the status quo is doomed, only one group has a modern vision of the future. 
@_date: 2015-01-22 04:15:19
In QE private banks don't receive the money, except in the sense that they are middlemen who hand the money over to the ultimate recipient. It is as if I wanted to give you money, but I only had cash and you are not within physical proximity, so I go to the bank, give them the cash and then they deposit it into your account. They are merely the middlemen, necessary because central banks have no easy way of handing out large volumes of money directly to non-bank entities. 
The reason QE hasn't cause inflation is because the ship is sinking faster than printing money can keep it afloat. That is to say, the whole point of QE IS actually to create inflation (or perhaps the cynic might say the whole point is to let the rich hoard as much stuff as possible before the ship goes down). QE is a desperate attempt to prevent deflation, because if deflation occurs, the whole fiat monetary system will collapse. 
The reason deflation is so dangerous to the fiat monetary system is because all money in the system is created as debt. That is to say, money is created through lending. Because most of those loans include interest, the sum total debt owed in the public and private sectors combined is actually greater than the sum total of money in the economy. Because the the repayment of debt simultaneously extinguishes money, new money must constantly be made in order to keep pace with the repayment of loans. Since all new fiat money created to pay back the existing debts includes debt of its own, the system can never afford to stop to catch a breath. 
Fiat money IS debt, and the entire system is one in which we must borrow from Peter to pay back Paul. This is why the system depends on inflation, why you need central banks to artificially guarantee inflation, because inflation guarantees that debts can be repaid. Deflation, on the other hand, essentially means that the value of money is increasing, which makes it impossible to pay back existing loans and undesirable to take out new loans, and since our entire monetary system depends on people taking loans, deflation effectively heralds the collapse of the entire system. This is why central banks are desperately trying to create inflation, this is why QE is happening. 
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:54:56
Deflation is not inherently dangerous, it is just inherently dangerous for our modern fiat monetary system. The reason for this is that the modern monetary system depends on continual lending to stay afloat. Modern money is created through bank lending, but this means that almost all of the money in existence is actually just rented money, which people and institutions owe interest on. That is to say, there isn't enough money in existence to pay back all of the debts that are owed. So in order to keep this system from collapsing, more money needs to be continually created at an equal or faster rate than debts are being repaid, and since money is created through lending, the entire system depends on the continual creation of new loans to survive.
If deflation were to occur in the context of a modern fiat system, however, no one would be able to repay their loans. The reason is easy to imagine using Bitcoin. Imagine you took a loan of 30 BTC today, that is roughly $6000, but say by the time you are due to repay the loan the price has risen to $10,000 per bitcoin. Now you actually owe $300,000. There is no way you could repay that, and would thus default on the loan. What is more, you would never take another loan of BTC again.
If deflation were to occur with fiat money, not only would people refuse to take any more loans, but they would likely not be able to repay their existing loans either. When you consider the massive amounts of debt in existence you can imagine the results would make the housing market crash look like a minor bump in the road. 
The Fed, using QE, has pumped around four trillion dollars into the economy in a desperate attempt to stave off deflation, afaik that is more money printed than in history, and yet the rate of inflation continues to drop. When you consider that QE has "ended" and oil prices are driving inflation even lower . . . you can see where this is going.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 14:13:21
Good point!
@_date: 2014-06-06 15:10:50


Karpeles, as far as I know, isn't claiming that he still has control over the keys, but has simply lost them. He isn't claiming to just have lost the private keys, he is claiming the money moved. If that were his claim, then you are correct that it would be a rather simple matter of identifying which addresses contain the money - he could point them out for us - and making sure that money never moves. But as far as I know Karpeles is claiming he doesn't even know where the money is, never mind the private keys. So assuming he still has control of the money, as I believe he does, then laundering it would be rather trivial, if he hasn't done so already. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:34:58


With fiat money, all money has its mirror of debt. This is for the simple reason that fiat money is really nothing more than the balance sheet inside banks, including central banks, so that for every asset there must be a corresponding liability until they net to zero. When a loan is made the bank simultaneously adds the liability in the amount they lent, and adds the asset of debt which is the amount owed to them to their balance sheets.
The moneybase simply represents the money that is held inside the central banks. This money is also lent into existence, meaning it comes with its corresponding debt. The central banks lend the money, essentially interest free, to their respective governments. (I say "interest free" because all interest paid from government bonds held by the central banks are returned to the government.) What this means, then, is that the government is ultimately who creates money in a fiat system, and they do that by increasing the amount of debt. So, for example, when the US government debates raising the debt ceiling, what they are really debating is whether they should create more money (out of thin air). Every government on the planet (minus a few tiny ones no one has ever heard of) are in debt. Government debt in a fiat system doesn't really mean that the government owes money, ultimately it means that it has created it, and it can create as much money as it wants because it owns the currency.


Yes. Banks don't actually have to have the money they lend. Having the money prior to making a loan is more or less irrelevant actually, since it is just the trivial measure of typing in the amount of money to the debtor's account. Then adding the amount owed to the banks balance sheet. They don't actually have to have any money to keep the sheet balanced. 


Think of bitcoin more like gold. As much as alchemists in the middle ages tried, you can't just create gold out of thin air, therefore you cannot lend gold into existence, you can only lend paper substitutes that are redeemable for gold into existence. There may end up being second tier representations for bitcoin, in the same way paper money came to represent gold, but no one has the ability to create bitcoins simply on a whim. 


That is a very big difference (and definitely not the only one).


When a bank creates a loan it simultaneously creates money and debt. The problem is that the debt is simultaneously a "real" thing just as the money is and is valuable in its own right. People buy and sell debt all the time. So the bank creates a loan, and now new money is circulating in the system, but they immediately go and sell the debt from that loan to someone else, creating a system in which they are guaranteed to make money by issuing loans. So the system essentially incentivizes fraud and deceit. Debt spirals out of control, and most of the money out there is being created by debts that are likely never going to be paid. It is a disaster waiting to happen, as we already saw in 2008. The entire system is based on trust, and there is very little about Wallstreet that is trustworthy. Thus insane amounts of government regulations, bureaucracy, and laws are required just to keep the system from falling apart . . . it doesn't just run on its own, it has to be propped up with a great deal of effort. 
 
@_date: 2016-01-16 05:47:54


The irony is that Hearn was the one advocating a benevolent dictator. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:12:19
The irony is that banks are essentially doing the same thing by accumulating all kinds of physical assets, like houses. I believe the Federal Reserve bought one quarter of all the real estate in the US following the Great Recession. When the illusion of the dollar disappears, the reality of wealth -- who has it and who does not -- will remain. 
@_date: 2014-09-19 00:15:15
Apple Pay puts the pragmatist wing of the community in a bit of a bind as they struggle to come to terms with the possibility that it threatens the narrative of Bitcoin as a superior way of buying stuff. 
The radical wing of the community, who feel that what makes Bitcoin special is its fundamental ability to bypass third parties, isn't threatened by Apple Pay in the least. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:22:24


But Bitcoin miners do not receive about 3% of the total transaction volume. They receive 25 BTC every 10 minutes or so. If that HAPPENS to amount to 3% of the transactional volume, that is essentially just coincidence.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:34:21
Houses are meant for use also, doesn't mean they don't occasionally make for good investments. 
Also, if no one invests in Bitcoin then it will have no value. If it has no value, why would anyone use it?
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:09:47
Very good point. I'm just describing Proof-of-Stake. If you are suggesting that PoS is always vulnerable to becoming a "centralized trading system" . . . I'm not sure I really disagree with you. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 14:59:59


I see your point. But in all fairness, money isn't the only way to horde wealth, and in fact most rich people actually choose not to horde their wealth in the form of money. For example, one of the primary ways wealthy people store their wealth is through real estate. That is, they buy property and houses. Historically, that has always been the primary way to horde wealth. Feudal lords owned land. Even middle class people store most of their net wealth in their homes. 
Furthermore, most rich people today horde their wealth in the form of buying equities (stocks). That is, they buy partial ownership of companies. This ownership of companies is generally better than holding cash because its value over time goes up, unlike cash which in modern society sees its value go down due to inflation. 
I could go on, but the point is most wealth today isn't held in the form of money, but rather in other assets, so you can't say that money alone is the cause of wealth hording. Ownership is. You could get rid of money tomorrow, but as long as you keep ownership there will still be haves and have-nots and all that goes with the class divide. But if no one was allowed to own anything, class would disappear. 
Ultimately, money's job is to serve as the lubricant for economic exchange. It makes exchange easy and fluid. Removing money from the economy is like removing oil from an engine. But if your issue is with greed, hate, and competition, then it is really the engine you have a beef with, not the oil that simply makes it run efficiently.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:01:52
He was never charged with murder. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 15:02:39
Good questions. I'm expecting the divide in the community to heal this year and enthusiasm to grow tremendously and then the ground zero warriors such as yourself will really become the focus. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:45:55
I think your 3rd point is precisely the type of analysis the Chinese miners desperately need to hear. 
@_date: 2016-03-09 02:31:59


It is important to understand that SWIFT does not represent a settlement layer. All SWIFT is is a network for communicating financial transactions between banks internationally. 
The settlement layer in the legacy banking system is always central banks. That is, the exchange of government money, whether that be cash handed to a homeless person on the street or Federal Reserve deposits exchanged between banks, represents final settlement. If you have cash in your hand, that is real money. 
When two domestic banks need to settle with one another, that settlement ultimately takes place through a simple transfer of money between the respective banks' accounts at the central bank. This transaction is the equivalent of transferring bitcoins in the Bitcoin monetary system. 
In the United States, most banks use CHIPS (Clearing House Interbank Payment System) to settle between one another in a way that is less cumbersome than using the Fed for every transaction. It is functionally similar to a system like the Lightening Network. That is, using CHIPS they add up all of their transactions and then only at the end of the day do they commit a final settlement at the Fed. This way the Fed can be the backbone for a tremendous number of transactions without that much government money actually moving around.
When international payments are made, what happens is that a communication network like SWIFT is used, primarily for its security, to communicate between two independent monetary systems. Then each system settles independently. That is to say, if you want to send money to China, simplistically speaking, the Fed deposits dollars into some Chinese account at the Fed and then the Chinese deposit Yuan into some US account at the PBoC independently. The communication between the two banks is facilitated by SWIFT. Put simply, no actual money is transferred through SWIFT, simply a communication telling the two central banks who is owed what. I guess you could call SWIFT a kind of payment network.
So the only reason you need a network like SWIFT is because there is no final global settlement layer. There is no global currency. The reason we even have global reserve currencies, like the US dollar, is because we don't have a global settlement layer so some central banks ends up acting more or less as such out of necessity. Right now it is the Fed. This creates demand for the US dollar and a rise in its value far beyond what it would be without this status. 
The problem with saying blockchain technology is going to replace a communication network like SWIFT is that blockchains are *not* payment networks, they are settlement networks, they are money. Therefore, blockchains replace the role currently filled by central banks. 
If you have a blockchain that transfers value using US dollars, Fedcoin as it were, that blockchain would effectively replace the clearing house role currently played by the Fed. But nothing has changed with regard to international settlement. You still need to communicate between the closed system represented by Fedcoin and the closed system represented by some other blockchain, say Yuancoin. This isn't to say that SWIFT won't be replaced, we all know it will, but rather that you are still going to have to find a way of communicating between national blockchains, the problem SWIFT is meant to solve will still persist. 
That is unless you have one blockchain to rule them all. That is unless you have a global currency. But why would nations settle on that global currency being one of their competitors' national currency? Why would they agree to let the global currency be a national currency whose monetary policies are aimed ultimately at prioritizing their interests over all others? The world tolerates reserve currencies today because it has no choice. But in the age of cryptocurrency, global currencies become a reality. 
So the question of whether Bitcoin, or any blockchain for that matter, will replace SWIFT is really a question of whether the world will accept a global currency. If so, then all settlement will take place through its blockchain and the need for an international financial communication network will disappear. But why should the world accept such a global blockchain that is controlled by one nation, or worse, by a cabal of international bankers? Will everyone all over the planet simply submit to a global currency controlled by the super elite when there is an alternative controlled by no one?
  
@_date: 2016-01-15 16:01:22
Bitcoin thrives off of "problems." Problems are what continually make Bitcoin stronger and more censorship resistant. The longer Bitcoin survives in the face of overwhelming hostility and attacks, external and internal, the greater the trust in it as a currency grows. How many times has Bitcoin been proclaimed dead? Each time its reputation as something that is going to be around for a long time solidifies. 
Bitcoin emerged stronger from all of this, with some really hopeful changes to core coming, segregated witness which will not only address the issue of scalability in the short run but will also promote more innovation. She proved that she has a community that was able to work together to move her forward in an organic, non-hierarchical way, to increase both scalability without compromising decentralization, nor by suffering through a hard fork or by giving control over to Hearn. The community has agreed to give time to explore longer term solutions like LN and overall resilience has been maintained. I'm really happy with were I see Bitcoin going.   
Yes Bitcoin is ugly. It is like a weed, a virus, or a sewer rat (to use Andreas's analogy). The problems with it are glaring and obvious, like a war-scarred face you can see its turmoil, but that turmoil makes it strong. As an organic, open system, it adapts and grows to new threats in ways that traditional companies cannot. 
There are always problems in the Bitcoin space. The latest was what I consider to have been a massive internal political attack on Bitcoin. It was a necessary attack because it demonstrated that Bitcoin is a political phenomena, and that politics is very much a part of its security model. Although developers like Peter Todd have been arguing that Bitcoin was political for some time, no one real believed it until now. This is not a weakness in Bitcoin, it is just a strength that we have yet to get our minds wrapped around. 
And obviously the primary instigator of the block size schism, Mike Hearn, is going out with a suicide bombing, presumably hoping to take Bitcoin down with him. Many people disagree with me about that, but that's how I see it. His diatribe against Bitcoin was extremely negative and I think the fact that Mike went to work for the international banking cartel on his way out the door demonstrates whats really going on here. Contrary to this being a basis for more fear, this actually marks the end of the Bitcoin Civil War in my opinion, and Mike is merely conceding defeat . . . at least for now. 
But overall, none of this has been bad for Bitcoin in the long run. Anytime flaws in the system are discovered, this is only a good thing for a system that is constantly learning to adapt and evolve through potential threats and attacks. Ignoring potential threats works well for banks and companies that require optimistic investors, but for Bitcoin recognizing threats is a key to her survival. The recent threat was a political threat from within, in which many in the community wanted to hand control over to someone whose agenda -- given that he is working for the international bankers -- is dubious at best. The recent threat attempted to scare the community into doing something drastic. It was the first real internal attack on Bitcoin we've seen, but we survived it. Now the question is how does Bitcoin learn from this attack and adapt, for politics will always be a part of Bitcoin's future from here on. How does Bitcoin embrace this reality? 
@_date: 2016-01-18 16:51:17
But isn't a bit like saying, "If you double the size of a football stadium you can double the profits!" But doesn't that depend on how good the football team is? (Never mind the fact that people in the back will hardly see anything.) The whole point is that if Bitcoin becomes less decentralized, then what we have is a very bad football team with a very big stadium. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:18:07
You are right, Bitcoin has no real fundamentals. I mean, perhaps some, I don't know, but looking at fundamentals is really something one does only within established markets. Before the industrial age, no one cared much about the price of oil, and as the industrial age began only speculators dreamed of how valuable it would eventually become. There were no "fundamentals" to guide them. 
None of the tech stocks in the late 90s had much in the way of "fundamentals" either, few even knew how they were going to make money. Yet look at Google and Amazon today. People knew they were going to be huge, even before anyone had quite grasped how this would play out. 
People can accuse Bitcoiners of being "idiots" or "dreamers" or whatever, but every new industry requires such people when the infancy of the industry makes more "rational" folk -- the ones inclined to look at "fundamentals" -- scoff at the absence of anything real. 
 
@_date: 2017-03-19 18:56:04
This is precisely why a compromise is required. BU would be a far greater disaster for Bitcoin, on several levels, than a whatever compromise Core can come up with. And this is on top of the fact a split in the network would be detrimental to Bitcoin for a whole variety of non-technical, social and economic reasons as [laid out by Vinny Lingham]( 
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:07:59
The thing is, the global black market is massive and constitutes a huge chunk of the global economy. I am not sure which would be more detrimental to a currency, being made illegal, or being cut off from the black market. Both would be harmful since the ultimate goal of a currency is to get as many people using it as humanly possible. 
We are currently going through a period where there is this perception that money can be used as an instrument of control, the use of the banking sector to cut off funds to Wikileaks, for example, or the financial warfare being orchestrated by the US against Russia as another example, or even the use of negative interest rates in Europe. In all cases the end result is just to encourage the targeted party -- and consequently everyone they do business with -- to give up on the currency that was being as an instrument of attack. The problem is, with a currency you want people using it, you want the strong network effect, you don't want people to stop using it. This is why using a currency as a weapon is a bad idea. Using the USD against Russia only hastens its demise as the world reserve currency, censoring Wikileaks only strengthened Bitcoin, negative interest rates cause people to pull their money from banks. 
The money that remains neutral, that is not being used as an instrument for control, is the money that will ultimately win. 
@_date: 2016-03-08 15:10:29
Actually, I think it is the Classic crowd that are backward thinking. My support for Core has always been because I believe Bitcoin needs to profoundly innovate to become something beyond what it is today. The fact that Ethereum is doing well only confirms my belief that moving beyond simply being a currency -- i.e., embracing the broader vision of cryptocurrency 2.0 -- is the future of this space. 
In my view, Classic supporters are people who want to keep Bitcoin in the past by insisting that all that needs to happen is a simple increase in the block size limit to keep Bitcoin what it was in the past. Their argument is that Bitcoin worked then, and it can continue to work just as it has in the past if we just keep increasing a number. They don't want to change, they just want things to be like they were, and many actively argue against the proposed innovations like LN because they are afraid of Bitcoin becoming anything other than what it already is. 
Core supporters understand that Bitcoin needs some very radical changes to grow. We are accused of trying to turn Bitcoin into something other than what she was, from peer-to-peer cash into a settlement layer. But we respond: peer-to-peer cash IS a settlement layer, we merely want to see great things built on top of that layer. Grow the system, don't just bury your head in the sand and hope to make the base layer bigger and more bloated in the vain hope that it can do everything without further innovation. 
@_date: 2017-03-23 03:36:18
There is only 1 full time developer on Core who works for Blockstream.
@_date: 2017-03-15 19:06:16
Your question is a bit like asking if the US government is going to collapse because of how infantile the political commentary is on the Yahoo message boards. That isn't to say you shouldn't be concerned, just a suggestion to dig a little deeper than the current climate in the sub-reddits. 


Well it's not how Bitcoin works. Bitcoin, being a decentralized system, requires a much more organic evolution than the top down model we are used to seeing in corporations. The developers have already written the code that fixes the problems in the short run, and have a clear road map for fixing the problems in the long run. That's not the issue, the issue is that the code is being blocked from being implemented by a faction within the Bitcoin ecosystem that disagrees with the road map. Since Bitcoin has no CEO, has no ultimate authority, it is very hard to change the core protocol without overwhelming consensus. What we are seeing is something more like congressional politics than corporate governance. And you know how heated politics can become. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:11:38
I suspect by the time we are truly in bubble territory, the community will be composed of a lot of new people with orientations and voices slightly unfamiliar to the current bitcoin culture. The price will have to be a lot higher than it is today. At least historically, each bitcoin hype cycle has seen at least 4-5x from the previous ATHs, right now we have just barely broken the ATH. 
People's enthusiasm is being offset by the block size debate/war. It's hard for me to imagine us reaching bubble territory without a resolution. For one, the transaction fees alone will temper new bitcoiners' enthusiasm, making the reinforcing hype that makes for a bubble difficult to accomplish. 
Some would argue perhaps this is a good thing? I don't think so. The problem is Bitcoin has alt-coins on its tail. There are so many technologies right now that are in process of being innovated, but they have no choice but to build on other networks like Ethereum because of Bitcoin's stagnation.  
Many people say Bitcoin will operate as a store of value, regardless. I don't agree with that. I see Bitcoin's "intrinsic value" (not in the sense of objective value, but in the sense that the money unit has use beyond just being used as money) as emergent. Bitcoin's intrinsic value, which is the block chain, gains value the more people rely on it. If layered technologies that people use regularly depend on the bitcoin block chain, the block chain itself gains intrinsic value, since even if people aren't directly transacting with bitcoins monetarily, they will still depend on it for a host of other services. That is, bitcoin will have value even apart from its use as money, just like gold has value even when not used as money. The store of value does not come from a kind of collective agreement that something should have value, something doesn't become a store of value just because people say it is a store of value, it comes from something actually having value. That is why things with intrinsic value become stores of value. 
So I really don't agree with those who say that even if the status quo remains, bitcoin will remain valuable, because its value, as a store of value, really does depend on society's increased dependence upon the block chain itself. 
I think that when we talk about data center type nodes, this is a threat to Bitcoins short term decentralization and opens it up to attacks by governments. However, in the long run, once societies have embraced bitcoin, such nodes won't be a threat at all, as they will be sufficiently decentralized among competing societies. I think we are already moving toward the point where the larger public is beginning to realize that cryptocurrencies are here to stay, and that it isn't just bitcoin. Destroying Bitcoin just opens the way for another cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrency is here to stay. As society comes to terms with this, the need for extreme decentralization lessens. 
I think both the big and small blockers are taking up conservative positions. The big blockers want the block chain with minimal fees to be what it always was, decentralization be damned. Small blockers want decentralization to be what it always was, block chain be damned. Both sides need to give a little. Big blockers need to realize that everything, including their porn collections, can't go on the block chain. Small blockers that a little loss of decentralization isn't going to kill bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-18 17:04:45
People who are only concerned about short-term price fluctuations are the *last* people anyone who loves Bitcoin should be listening to. 
Wall Street loves to pump and dump, to create stories and narratives that can be promoted to get people into or out of an investment. The block size debate is clearly an opportunity for that kind of thing and is being exploited. Doesn't mean anything for the long term success of Bitcoin unless we get into the habit of actually listening to these short-term investors. 
@_date: 2015-05-05 11:26:05
Interesting article. When money is seen as a commodity, central banks have discovered the philosopher's stone and that is definitely a powerful thing. But when money is seen as a ledger representing debts, central banks have the power to determine and change the relative value of all members of society. Now that is absolute power.
@_date: 2016-01-18 16:38:51
I agree that the base layer should be relatively cheap, and it should be possible for people to freely bypass the payment layers in order to transact if needed. This is vital. It should also be possible to transact anonymously and free from censorship. If black markets abandon Bitcoin, Bitcoin will die.  
But saying big blocks cause mining centralization is a technical limitation alone is wrong. This is the basic philosophical difference between the two camps, small block and big block: do you believe decentralization is vital to Bitcoin's success, or do you believe it is acceptable and, indeed, inevitable that centralization of the base layer will occur. Obviously everyone would prefer a solution that both scales Bitcoin and promotes decentralization, but if you have to prioritize one or the other, which side do you fall down on? This is philosophical. 
In my view, the most important thing for the base currency is that it be trustworthy. Trust in a global central bank not under state control, like Bitcoin, derives from the fact that there are no controlling powers over the currency's issuance, and that the currency is neutral by design so all parties can rely on it equally. If a small number of people control the mining, and therefore control what changes can or cannot be made to the Bitcoin code, then trust in the network, in effect, becomes a matter of trust in these entities. The creditworthiness of the currency depends on trust in these entities. Then we are back to trusting human institutions with political ambitions. At that point the question becomes, "well why should we trust a few unregulated private mining companies as opposed to a system created and controlled by regulated banks or governments?" We are already practically there, but instead of trying to break up these entities, we are promoting raising the block size which will only move us forward toward bigger and fewer mining entities.
The goal of the base layer should be decentralized control, making it censorship resistant and therefore anything created on top of that base layer is optional rather than mandatory. Decentralized, neutral, fungible, trustworthy, that is what Bitcoin should primarily be. Utility concerns that make it a payment network are secondary and best handled by payment layers. Even if those payment layers are centralized, as you fear, as long as they can be bypassed that isn't an issue, imo. 
 
@_date: 2017-03-22 17:08:12
I hear you completely. But actions speak louder than words, and if a block increase really is in the road map, why not do it now? I understand that there are real advantages to doing it after SegWit -- including the fact that it might not even be necessary -- but those advantages are outweighed by the advantage of ending this conflict IMO. 
@_date: 2017-03-04 22:27:22


Exactly. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 05:46:29
Totally disagree.
@_date: 2017-03-19 01:16:03
Exactly! Bitcoin is moving into a new era, that is what this whole battle is fundamentally a reaction to. Bitcoin has grown to the point where it is no longer in the innocence of infancy and the dynamics of the real world -- such as power and politics -- are beginning to pour in. 
Essentially, Bitcoin is like an adolescent, and team Core is  like Bitcoin's parents, freaking out that Bitcoin is starting to explore sex and drugs (i.e., politics and power) and lose its innocence (i.e., decentralization). Team BU is like Bitcoin's teenage friend, trying to encourage it to do all these bad things, to explore the world.
We are all terrified because Bitcoin is losing its childhood and becoming something we fear. The irony, perhaps, is that that is precisely what will cause the rest of the world to take it much more seriously. We are getting ready to go to the moon, it's just not how we imagined it would be. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 06:14:19
Jihan Wu is evidence that mining centralization is a very serious problem. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 14:27:55
If the Core devs can't provide a solution that prevents a network split, then that strongly suggests they lacked the leadership abilities to have led Bitcoin forward anyway. Those lack of leadership skills could prove to be just as dangerous as bad code, a vulnerability in the system. 
The way I see things Bitcoin is moving into a new phase of its development, a phase that was always going to happen and always will in any cryptocurrency. It is the phase where it becomes big enough that the forces of politics and power come into picture, and it simply isn't possible for a currency to become a global power while avoiding this. The shock of this has a lot of people, including many powerful Core devs, willing to risk everything to hold onto the dream.
Bitcoin's scaling problem isn't just technical, it's social too. Bitcoin was founded and nursed by developers and a community that does not scale. The whole world is not going to become crypto-anarchists. And if you expect Bitcoin to grow, you have to expect things you aren't going to like. 
@_date: 2016-01-28 15:22:28
If you have a scenario -- and this is a big IF -- where Bitcoin protocol rules can be easily and regularly reversed dependent on there being the requisite political will for those changes, then the lifting of the 21 million cap seems very likely to me. 
The reason is because while it doesn't seem likely given the current makeup of the Bitcoin community, if Bitcoin becomes broadly used the community will be made up primarily of users, not investors, and users main concern is with liquidity, not the appreciation of the currency. 
Most modern economists are not a part of the Bitcoin community today, but if it were to become widely adopted mainstream views of the economy would eventually represent the political majority. Most mainstream economist believe having a limited currency supply the way Bitcoin does is a bad idea. 
In fact, you have less mainstream, but very publicly visible and popular economists like Yanis Varoufakis who actually envision a global digital currency as a necessary part of the equation to solving the dead end alley the world seems headed down. But he refuses to endorse Bitcoin in large part because of the 21 million limit. This is the kind of economist the world will take very serious in the face of a global economic collapse.
The 21 million cap is so controversial among non-bitcoin investors that many alt-coins -- dogecoin comes to mind for example -- have rejected this model entirely. This shows that having the cap is an arbitrary aspect of the protocol that many people will disagree with. As the community grows, the proportion of people who are early adopters and for whom the cap benefits will shrink in proportion to the number of users for whom the advantages of the cap seem less apparent. 
All that is required is a situation where there isn't enough liquidity in the ecosystem and you have a debate very similar to the block size debate, where many will argue that the system will collapse unless the base currency supply is enlarged. These people will muster support through populist appeal, backed by banking and credit provider interest groups for whom an inflating currency is vital. They will point to the fact that "greedy hodlers" are willing to let the economy contract just so they can make more money for themselves, and since political capture would be possible -- in the future scenario where hard forks are a regular thing -- a reversal of the protocol would be all but inevitable. 
Another possible scenario would be one in which the network fees that sustain the system may make Bitcoin uncompetitive with another network, forcing investors to fear that unless we come up with another way of paying miners the value of the network as a whole could suffer. It might be argued, and eventually accepted by the majority, that an ever expanding currency base to pay the miners will ultimately be more beneficial to investors than a fixed currency supply with shrinking network use because of high fees.  
But more importantly than the how or why an increase to the 21 million cap might occur, is that the uncertainty that the cap will always remain -- because of the realization that the protocol is fickle and always changing and that the 21 million cap is actually up for debate -- will preemptively remove the value, from an investment perspective, in having the cap in the first place. 
That is to say, if the cap is a cap that can always be theoretically removed with little difficulty, then it really isn't a cap at all. It would be like the "debt ceiling" used by the US government. At regular intervals the government has to vote to raise the limit further, and they always do, making the whole purpose of even having a "limit" simply symbolic, it plays no actual economic role. Likewise, a 21 million cap that is always voted on in Bitcoin with varying results is not a meaningful cap economically because it is not reliable and will be perceived to be arbitrary and subject to change, this will be priced in even before the cap is actually removed.  
@_date: 2017-03-21 01:39:44


Ummm . . . 


-- Jiang Zhuoer
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:44:10


Let me ask you this: what is your definition of danger? Just saying you feel no danger doesn't tell me anything, for all I know you are short bitcoin and long Ethereum. So what would "danger" actually be for you?
@_date: 2017-03-20 18:27:38


It is about conflicting interests more than ideologies. The developers' interests is with preserving and protecting the security of the network. The miners' interests is with maximizing power and profit. In the current showdown, their interests are misaligned. 
It is never about just code, as if the code always leads to the same logical conclusion. There are usually trade offs. Do you prioritize security over user friendliness? Do you prioritize privacy over performance? Do you prioritize getting the product out on schedule over making sure it is ready?
Right now the greatest security threat to the network is BU. The developers have to decide which is more of a security risk to the network: a block size increase large enough to satisfy the miners (i.e., we are talking a substantial increase when you add segwit to the equation)? The miners splitting the network in two by force? A UASF? Every possible scenario involves trade offs, there are no perfect solutions given the current reality. It would be nice if the miner's and Ver would simply stand down and gain some sanity, but that is a bit like a software company wishing its users would suddenly grow a larger IQ.    
@_date: 2017-03-19 01:43:34
These arguments made sense a year ago, they don't make sense today. 
What you are saying, to my ears, is, "we should just let Bitcoin hard fork, because otherwise it might hard fork." What?
What we are facing is a contentious hard fork with this revolt. A compromise would lead us to a hard fork that everyone could live with and keep the coin together. Would some people who are completely oblivious to everything that is going on get orphaned? Probably. Would there be some tiny minority that would try to combat the majority, perhaps. But it would be a hell of a lot better than the complete implosion of Bitcoin that everyone seems so eager to explore. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:40:27


I'd say a ~25%  drop in price in ~48 hours begs to differ.
@_date: 2017-03-15 07:06:19
It's irrelevant. From what I am reading, apparently the attack had already occurred before Peter's tweet and the developer community was already aware of it. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 01:22:55
Because, at least according to my understanding, a UASF requires absolute consensus among the exchanges to choke off BU's liquidity. It is an alliance of the exchanges to prevent a hostile takeover by the miners. But if a major exchange like Coinbase refuses to join the alliance, BU will have enough liquidity to survive. And as Coinbase rakes in the profits, the other exchanges will likely have to relent.
@_date: 2017-03-09 15:50:34
Well, first off let me say that I am not at all convinced that he is the real deal. In fact, everything you said makes complete sense to me. I've always thought he was a con man and still do, and after reading a bit more I am even more convinced. But the article left some doubts in my mind.  
All I can say is that if Craig Wright is a con man, then he is a truly masterful one. I suppose one could say I at least have a bit more empathy for Gavin, because if Craig isn't the genius Satoshi he claims to be, he certainly is a genius as a con man.  
Let me point to the two main areas that are causing some doubt:


The first point: That while his actions make no sense if he were Satoshi, they also don't make sense if he were a con man. We know Craig Wright is a brilliant man with deep knowledge about coding, computers, and Bitcoin. If he were Satoshi, why would he try to pass off false evidence equally becomes: if he were really a con man, how could he possibly expect to fool the cryptographic community? He would have known this wasn't possible, and therefore the question becomes why spend so much time and effort trying to pull off a con that was inevitably doomed to fail? It is like trying to convince everyone you can fly like Super Man, at some point people will ask you to demonstrate, there is no way around that. 
There are two possibilities I can think of, perhaps I am missing something: 1) He really doesn't have a clue and actually thought that if he could con Gavin the whole community would follow or 2) he really is Satoshi, is psychologically unstable with a broken and embarrassing past, afraid of the law, afraid of how his life would change forever, a man who isn't used to being seen or understood, a man who doesn't feel like he can actually measure up to what people believe Satoshi to be and doesn't even know if he can measure up to what his peers expect . . .  and he discovered he wasn't prepared to go through with stepping into the limelight once he began to actually feel the heat. Remember, Satoshi hid for a reason. Whoever really is Satoshi, they must feel incredibly conflicted about wanting to be recognized for their accomplishment, and yet also afraid to come out for whatever reasons led them into the shadows in the first place. Wright portrayed that conflict perfectly, which doesn't mean he is Satoshi, it could simply have been the stress of the con breaking down or just a very good acting job we were witnessesing. However, it keeps alive the other explanation, which is that his desire to be recognize was overcome at the last minute by his fear of being recognized. I lean toward the former, but the latter seems like possibility and I can't deny that.  
The 2nd main thing that befuddles me is Joseph Vaughn Perling's claim to have met Satoshi in 2005 and his later insistence that CW was the man he met. I think we can rule out that Wright was already plotting an elaborate con three to four years before Bitcoin even existed, which means that if it is a con, then JVP is complicit. While that is certainly possible, it just takes the con to a whole new level.
Additionally, you have Ian Grigg, one of the architects of R3, also claiming to have known the team that created Bitcoin and that CW was part of the team. This bring another person into the con if that is what it is.
At the very least, it is a mystery of magnitude one couldn't easily find outside of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 18:30:57
One of the main reasons for having SegWit in the first place was to avoid a split. Now we are going to split to force in the solution that's primary purpose was to avoid a split? Let's face it, this makes no sense. 
The only way a UASF will work with any certainty is if all the exchanges universally and publicly state they will support it, and we are a far cry from that. If we had that, we would be in the strong position to force the miners to stand down, which is precisely why I think the community has no choice but to explore the UASF idea in general, so that there exist a more concrete method by which miner power can be kept in check. But it would be a disaster to try to act on this prematurely. 
The only way you are going to get the exchanges to universally get on board is if there is some sort of compromise that they feel is fair. Once they see that, they will feel justified in fighting for Core. But thus far, Core has shown a lack of leadership, and thus we cannot expect the troops to rally behind them. 
With a compromise on the plate, not only will the exchanges then give weight to the UASF nuclear option, but the miners very will likely agree. Ultimately, the role a UASF is prepared to play in this drama is to force the radicals on the BU side to relent. But without a carrot, without some offering, the stick is completely useless. 
Bottom line, Core has to compromise. The UASF guarantees that it won't have too compromise excessively, but with no compromise on the table, the UASF will remain impotent. 
@_date: 2016-01-21 04:22:59


Couldn't agree more. High priority should be to make Bitcoin as anonymous as possible. If individual governments choose to combat Bitcoin, it is vital that Bitcoin be extremely resistant to their attempts. 
We have already seen that time and time again Bitcoin thrives in terms of *actual use* (as opposed to investment or speculation) when it is used as a black market currency. As long as it preserves this basic utility for black markets *and* remains decentralized and impervious to being shut down, it cannot fall to zero. Period. In fact, if it were to be made illegal -- as Bobby Lee once pointed out -- the price would likely benefit due to the increased difficulty of acquiring bitcoins. Eventually governments would have to think twice about prohibition. 
It is not that we want Bitcoin to be used for illegal purposes, it's just that its efficacy as a black market currency means it is highly impervious to the threat Dimon brings up. If it can be used in the black market, then it can, by definition, survive even if it's made illegal.  
Many fear that if Bitcoin is anonymous, this will only hasten governments' insistence that it be made illegal in order to combat terrorism or child pornography or whatnot. But, as Jamie Dimon suggests, the real threat to governments is not so much that digital currencies allow for criminal financing, the real threat is that they compete with the sovereign currency that finances the government.
@_date: 2016-01-21 14:54:47
The fate of Bitcoin has come down to a few pool operators in China. This just demonstrates how fragile the system is due to increased centralization, which is precisely why so many of us never supported increasing the block size in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-03-17 18:54:45
I agree. And UASF is an important nuclear option to have on the table to keep miners in check. But precisely because of what you just said, a UASF is dangerous. All it takes is one exchange to ignore the other exchanges -- probably because it recognizes the potential for profit in having a monopoly on the market -- and the exchange blockade will collapse and chaos would ensue. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:37:50
Bitcoin intrinsically requires that there be a way to revolt against the current system. This is, in part, what gives political power to all voices. It is what ultimately forces the system to take divergent concerns seriously. But this isn't to say that hard forking is a good idea, anymore than civil wars in countries are good ideas. A strong governance model is one that prevents such civil wars from breaking out in the first place by guaranteeing all interests are represented and feel they can have their voices and concerns heard by staying within the system. We don't have this now in Bitcoin, which is why we are at the brink.  
Now that we have realized just how profoundly political Bitcoin is, intuitively one can't help but feel uneasy about the prospect of all the power being in the hands of miners who have interests that aren't necessarily aligned with the broader ecosystem. It doesn't appear Satoshi ever really fully envisioned all of this, especially considering he didn't even foresee the separation between nodes and mining. Ultimately the governance model need to reflect and represent all voices to some degree, having it all with miners seems dangerous. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 16:05:46
Nazi Germany was an authoritarian dictatorship, in which opposing views and dissent were brutally crushed. Their society didn't listen to the whole, they simply wiped out every voice that didn't agree with one particular faction. There wasn't wisdom to that crowd, because that crowd didn't contain the full spectrum of views and opinions of the society, of what a free society would engender. It only contained one view, and purged the society of any other. That is precisely the opposite of the hive mind. 
What is going on now in Bitcoin threatens to be similar to what happened in Nazi Germany. Both sides want to purge themselves of dissent and destroy the other side until everyone thinks alike and the diversity of views that makes an ecosystem rich are eliminated. Such a coin, or even two coins like this, made out of that kind of enforced uniformity of opinion will be stagnate and resistant to innovation. And a coin that is resistant to innovation is a coin that is going to die. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 19:27:19
Well said. This is the number one reason I lean toward hoping for approval, despite the many legitimate concerns people have with it (particularly well expressed in Vinny Lingham's [recent article]( 
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:50:30


Yes. Periods of expansion and contraction happen in cycles in my opinion. Boom periods are due to a very rapid rise debt, and then busts follow when deleveraging takes place on a large scale. This is what is happening in China most spectacularly, but the whole world is overleveraged. Martin Armstrong calculated that the business cycle takes place around every 8.6 years. 8.6 years ago was the beginning of the 2007-2008 crisis. 
However in this case the first world is already exhausted from trying to combat the impact of the 2008 crisis and central banks have used up all their traditional means of combating a crisis. We stretched the rubber band as far as it can go, it can't stretch much further, so if there is another crisis it is not clear whether its impact can be mitigated. 
Furthermore, the emerging markets and China supported the rest of the world in coming out of the last crisis, but this crisis, if it is a crisis, is actually being led by those countries, which means that the entire world will be enveloped by it and no one will be able to help. 


My guess is that under such circumstances Bitcoin is poised to do quite well. Because it is a new and developing market that's use case is directly related to challenging and improving the existing financial system, should the legacy system fall into chaos it is only natural that many would look twice at bitcoin. Because bitcoin is so small, if only a tiny fraction of capital seeks shelter in it the price could rise dramatically, and under such circumstances, when people see that it is one of the few assets in the green they will likely pile on, creating an even greater increase in price. This will, in turn, spark a huge amount of interest and media focus which will reinforce its growth. 
Furthermore, in countries where the value of their currency is rapidly depreciating, and in countries where bail-ins and negative interest rates make banking more of a liability, the currency becomes more attractive. If a decentralized market place like *open bazaar* is available and used, people will be able to buy anything they need using bitcoin, creating an ecosystem precisely when the traditional economy is in chaos. This will cause people to want to actually hold onto bitcoin, and merchants who accept it may very well decide to keep it rather than convert it into their native currency, particularly if the price is rising for the other reasons I gave. This means bitcoin starts to actually be used as a money, and that's when it really comes into its own. I only hope Bitcoin, with its current scalability issues, can handle this kind of growth.  


In places where Bitcoin is legal you will be able to pay for your food with it. But as bitcoin becomes more successful, many governments will likely outlaw it. However, this will mostly likely only happen *after* bitcoin has become successful beyond people's expectations.
As far as governments recognizing it as a global currency, this is a much longer term horizon and depends on how everything else plays out. Most likely many governments will be hostile to Bitcoin long before they embrace it. 


Bitcoin, like precious metals, would obviously benefit from this. If the dollar is rapidly becoming worthless, people would desperately try to preserve their wealth by exiting the banking system and bitcoin would be there to embrace them. Notice that this is the main scenario most gold bugs are expecting. I don't personally see this happening. 
The good thing for bitcoin, however, is that unlike gold, it doesn't require massive inflation of fiat currency to do well, for all the reasons I have given. Its success is not simply in tied to its value as a currency, but also its value as a system that offers potential innovative solutions to the problems the traditional financial world is facing in the digital age. If the financial system is in danger, block chain technology will be taken very very seriously, including Bitcoin. If Bitcoin is embraced by parts of the financial system due to its open, permission-less nature -- an advantage it holds over other, private, block chains being explored by various companies -- many governments could become less hostile. 
Gold and silver, on the other hand, offer no technological solutions, they are merely hedges against inflation. Bitcoin would do well in a situation of hyperinflation of the national currency, but its success doesn't depend on it. 
 


Yes, there are many. Broadly speaking if there is a technological disaster with bitcoin it could quickly go to zero. There is the threat that is playing out right now with the block size debate that if bitcoin were to split in two confidence in the system could rapidly erode. And there is the threat that governments might declare all out war against bitcoin -- although they could have a similar effect on the price of bitcoin as the war on drugs had on drugs. Finally, there is the threat that a competing digital currency -- one issued and sanctioned by the banking system, for example, or simply one that proves itself more effective for various reasons -- could strip bitcoin of any advantages it currently hold and make it obsolete. There are reasons to think that none of these threats are probably, but they are all possible. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 14:58:28
I don't think a hard fork will end the civil war, just the opposite really. The reason is because successfully completing a hard fork will demonstrate very clearly to all parties that political capture of the network is possible. Once that becomes clear, there will always be groups, with varying philosophies, vying for leadership control over the network as long as Bitcoin is a successful and valuable currency.
These groups will, in effect, represent political parties. I think we are already seeing the earliest formation of such parties. Although r/btc claims to simply be a censor-free version of r/bitcoin, a quick perusal makes it obvious that there is a very different underlying vision of what Bitcoin is that permeates the forum. r/btc, in effect, represents a political party. In some ways, the fact that the community is divided in two, with two different forums, has helped clarify an always existing division. But it also means that these two parties will continue to vie for power over the network because their basic view of what the network is differs. 
The civil war is fundamentally about politics and the governance model. The block size debate just happens to be the first basic disagreement in the community sufficiently heated to let the intrinsic political nature of Bitcoin to surface. 
Mike Hearn was able to easily persuade a large body of the community into believing the core developers were actually the enemy because he tapped into a deeper political disagreement about the nature of Bitcoin. If Bitcoin achieves widespread adoption, and you have even more mainstream people as users, the politics and underlying assumptions will shift even more. Nothing, including the 21 million cap, will be immune from change. 
 
While most current stake holders in Bitcoin would never allow for something like a change in the inflation model, unlike in a proof-of-stake system, voting power in Bitcoin comes from how much hashing power you have. Consequently, the network can, in principle, be captured and controlled by parties that currently aren't even involved in the community. If Bitcoin were to become widespread and popular and the economics of the system of material interest to nations, governments would very likely wish to have, at the very least, a say in the decision making, if not complete control over it. 
A proof-of-stake model is immune from outside capture without the consent of the existing stake holders (i.e., the people who hold the currency). It essentially works like a publicly traded corporation. This is why this model is ideal for private block chains. 
However, with Bitcoin, being the public, open system that it is, the possibility of outside actors assuming control is always real. We always knew this, but the civil war has made the issue more real.
If a hard fork occurs successfully, then that is it, it is a done deal and politics will forever rule Bitcoin. I think so much so that miners fees won't even be necessary in the long run to sustain the network because politics will instead. Mining will equal voting power as well as the ability to secure control over the development of the network, so mining will be incentivized without the need for block rewards or fees. Perhaps this seems far fetched today, but we must consider that most technical consideration of Bitcoin doesn't presently include the political power mining confers because it is not yet clear what role political power plays in Bitcoin. But it is becoming clear, and a hard fork would make it even more clear.  
Rather than ending the civil war, I suspect a hard fork will make it a permanent feature. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 06:18:40
I doubt this was the real reason, just the one the general public could most easily swallow.  
@_date: 2017-03-05 19:17:00
I, respectfully, disagree.
Bitcoin is a political ecosystem, the developers find themselves essentially playing the role -- like it or not -- of lawmakers. Coding represents the creation of the laws governing the system, so just like lawmakers set the laws of the land, developers set the laws of Bitcoin. This places them intrinsically in political roles, regardless of whether they try to remain in the background or choose more public exposure.
The political moment we are in now began within the developers. There was a fundamental split in the vision of Bitcoin and who should have power over the development process. One faction then chose to bring the issue to "the people" and attempted to get community support to pass their agenda. When they did that, Bitcoin became a political entity. The community had to decide, not the developers.
Why? Why was the community being left to decide a technical decision way out of our league? The answer: *because the split within the developer community wasn't over a technical decision, it was a split over the vision of what Bitcoin is and what it should be.* It was fundamentally a philosophical disagreement. Of course there were technical disagreements, but they were all fundamentally rooted in the divergent priorities of the developers which stemmed from their philosophical differences. And while the community might not be able to grasp the technical debate, they certainly can appreciate the philosophical one.
The block size debate is simply a subset of a larger philosophical one, a divide born out of the divergent worldviews and priorities of the community. The fact that Bitcoin has reached this moment shows how mature it is. A younger network almost always experiences philosophical consensus as anyone out of consensus simply doesn't participate or invest. 
The threat of a contentious hard fork is the threat to give up that maturity, to return Bitcoin -- now two Bitcoins -- to a more primordial time when everyone (apparently) thought alike. Each camp will now have their own Bitcoin and their own ideological purity. A split in the network is the declaration that Bitcoin, and perhaps all cryptocurrencies, cannot accommodate differing philosophical orientations, differing views, differing agendas, and that every cryptocurrency will exist as isolated political entities. If every time there is disagreement within Bitcoin a new alt coin is born, Bitcoin will never become a dominant global currency. It simply will not be able to scale as anytime new users come in with differing opinions, the network will grow for awhile and then once again fork.  
Scaling Bitcoin is not simply a technical matter. Bitcoin has to scale ideologically, it has to be capable of embracing ever more worldviews and agendas. You think the schism between big and small blockers is bad? Imagine when all those idiots like Peter Schiff who are screaming that bitcoin is monopoly money are using it. Or when governments are using it. Or when corporations have developers all over its development process. When liberals and conservatives are fighting over it, when governments are battling over hashing power dominance. We are going to lose Bitcoin someday, but this is necessary. The best we can do is guide it in the right direction. Ultimately we have to let it go if we ever want it to grow. We have to let it out of the nest. Right now Bitcoin is becoming a pre-teen and both sides, BOTH SIDES, want it to go back to being a child -- according to what they believed that to be -- to go back to the purity of its early days. But the pre-teen is something new, it is a combination of both sides, it's something the parents don't fully understand and so they are fighting over how to steer it.
If we want to let Bitcoin grow, if we want to let it mature past childhood, then the first step is we need to, in my opinion, *radically* compromise on the block size debate. The second step is to figure out how governance is going to work in the future.   
@_date: 2017-03-11 17:23:26
My guess -- and that's all it is -- is that the government doesn't want to legitimize Bitcoin at this point. And primary reason they don't want to do that has nothing to do with terrorism or drugs, it is because Bitcoin hasn't yet received the green light from the banking industry -- quite the opposite, in fact. Until the banking industry embraces Bitcoin, the US government never will. And the banking industry is only likely to embrace Bitcoin to the degree that they start using the network as infrastructure for their own systems. That isn't currently possible without improvements to the overall Bitcoin network in my view, the first step toward which would be segwit which would lay the foundation for many of the technological innovations that would allow for this sort of thing. The banking industry wants to use block chain tech, and their first step was to try to create their own. Their next step will be to try to capture an existing public network like Ethereum that is easily captured do to the PoS model. If that doesn't work, they will move to Bitcoin. But Bitcoin needs technological improvements for this to even be viable. If the banking industry were to ever embrace Bitcoin, however, I think the US government would quickly follow. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 03:45:36
He comes across as such an innocent and likable guy. But reading something like this . . . it makes you wonder who Gavin really is.
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:22:16
I definitely suspect there is a *faction* within BTU that is using the current climate to pump their altcoins. Altcoin pumpers have been around forever, but fortunately have been moderated out of r/bitcoin. But now they can effectively indirectly pump their coins by simply promoting more chaos within the Bitcoin community. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 01:34:46
The Chinese miners' goal isn't to block SegWit or LN. As [Haipo Yang said]( "I’m not trying to stop Segregated Witness from existing." Their goal is to get larger blocks and they are merely using their veto power over SegWit as one weapon in their toolbox to make that happen. 
It is a bit like the bank robber. His goal isn't to shoot the bank teller, his goal is to get the money. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:50:36
If block size expansion occurs -- and it seems more and more likely that it will -- then nodes will be expensive to run.
But that isn't how the economic significance of nodes will be measured. They will be measured somehow by their *actual* economic activity. I couldn't tell you how this will be technically achieved, but there must be some way of measuring economic weight. It should be possible to differentiate between Coinbase's node that is a major hub of economic significance, from Joe Schmoe's who uses it once a week only to make a payment, or even from miners' nodes for that matter.  
@_date: 2016-01-17 08:36:36
13) The global economy will collapse. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 05:25:18
Cryptocurrencies are essentially *value networks* -- that's how people should understand them -- and Bitcoin was the original and remains the most valuable. It is hard for people to understand today why bitcoin would be a store of value, but whether it is Bitcoin or some other cryptocurrency network that ultimately becomes widespread, eventually it will seem self-evident that such value networks are intrinsically valuable as society comes to depend on them.
What is a value network? It represents the invention of intrinsic value in the digital space. The important thing to understand about value networks is that is the network itself that possesses value, the currency simply represents the ability to use the network. So in the same way the US dollar allows you access to the US economy, bitcoin allows you access to the Bitcoin network, and to the degree that the network possesses value, so do bitcoins. 
Fundamentally, the tokens of value networks simply represent the ability to include transactions in the decentralized ledger that the VN records and protects. Ledgers represent the heart and soul of finance. In the case of Value Networks, ledgers are decentralized, so their records are beyond the control of any party, making them act as global record keepers that have a quasi-objective quality, meaning a record in the Bitcoin block chain is a bit like etching a record into the fabric of the universe. So it is the ledger itself that possesses intrinsic value. The value of this ledger is proportional to how secure it is, and since the security of VNs is determined largely by their overall market cap, the more valuable a VN becomes, the more secure the ledger becomes, and the more secure the ledger becomes, the more valuable the VN becomes, creating a self-reinforcing cycle.
Value networks also acquire value dependent on how much individuals and other networks and services depend upon their record keeping. The more dependent society becomes on these ledgers, the more intrinsically valuable the ledger itself becomes, even if the currency used to record transactions isn't actually used as money in day to day affairs. 
Bitcoin and most other VNs receive a constant injection of external value in the form of energy through Proof of Work. What this does is translate energy into digital value. For every bitcon created, the inflation caused by this newly minted coin is offset by the inclusion of increased value into the overall network from PoW. (In PoS coins, the value of the network is not increased from external injections of value, but rather the currency's value is preserved by removing currency from circulation to offset inflation.) Overall, the network continuously receives value input and this is offset by an increase in the monetary supply.  
I wouldn't advise anyone to -- at this point in time -- view bitcoin as a store of value like a home or fiat money. It is far too speculative to be considered a reliable store of value. But that doesn't mean it isn't a store of value, in fact the preservation of value is a critical part and purpose of the network. It is only to say that the value of the network is emergent. The internet is a good analogy: its value was dependent on the world adopting it, had the world not done so it would have disappeared, yet today the internet seems more or less intrinsically indispensable. Likewise, should Bitcoin become the backbone for global finance or some other widespread use, its intrinsic value as a network will seem self-evident. If not, it will fade, and it is far to early to predict where it will go. I suppose another analogy would be like buying land in the New World in the 17th century. Would such land have been a store of value? It depends on how successful the New World turned out to be.  
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:10:08
The bottom line is, there is no way we can avoid risking the doomsday scenario without compromise. 


I think everyone understands this. The compromise isn't an increase of ~1mb of capacity, the compromise is an increase of ~3mb. Again, what we are talking about when we say SegWit + 2mb is effectively an increase to ~4mb, particularly since upgrading to SegWit in this scenario will be mandatory. That is the compromise.
That is a huge increase in capacity, and the question is, will the network be able to handle it? But assuming it is, I think we can safely say that we will have plenty of time for 2nd layer scaling solutions to play out before there is any need to revisit the block size. But precisely because 2nd layer solutions will alleviate the possibility of congestion re-arising in the first place, we likely won't have to revisit this debate at all, and if we ever do, most end users won't be affected and therefore it won't have the political energy of this current climate.


It doesn't matter whether the intentions behind some BU backers are malicious or zealous. Those types depend on the support of more moderate people who simply want a block size increase to alleviate congestion. You offer that to them as a compromise, and the moderates will defect -- most importantly, the moderate miners -- and that is all we really need to activate SegWit. The hardliners will be isolated and, by opposing a block size increase, their malicious intent will be plain for everyone to see. We don't need to compromise with the hardliners -- many of whom are very likely not a part of the Bitcoin community at all and are seeking its downfall -- we need only compromise with the larger BU community and those who, while disagreeing with us, still want what is good for Bitcoin.  
We need to face up to the reality that a risk free soft fork isn't going to happen. It was a good plan, a smart plan, but it's not going to happen. The BU revolt isn't going to simply throw up their hands and say, "never mind," and just give us everything we want while asking for nothing in return. Not going to happen, doesn't matter how good the technical argument is.
And a UASF may be a soft fork, but for all intents and purposes it is just as dangerous as a hard fork, particularly in terms of those things Vinny outlines in his article. If there was some way to guarantee that it would work and that Bitcoin wouldn't split, it would be a sensible consideration. But as far as I can tell, there is no way to guarantee that. 
So again, the only way that I can think of to avoid everything Vinny writes about is through compromise. All other options have a high probability of resulting in a split that will give us two chains at war with one another, the price of bitcoin plummeting, and Ethereum replacing Bitcoin as  
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:12:29
This is exactly why it seems more or less inevitable, as far as I can tell, that nodes will begin to be prioritized by their economic weight, because the economic majority (i.e., the exchanges) are going to demand that their interests be represented in code so they have similar political power as miners. 
@_date: 2016-01-29 16:09:27
Negative interest rates is when the central bank slowly removes money from their account holders' (commercial banks) deposits. As the implication of this gets passed down to the rest of the economy, the net result is that you and I have to pay the bank to hold our money. 
Of course, this steady erosion of our money has always existed due to inflation. But in a deflationary environment the banking system, in order to survive, needs to use more drastic measures, e.g., negative interest rates, to recreate the inflation effect which is no longer there due to larger financial and economic forces. 
You see, commercial banks don't depend on deposits. It is quite the opposite actually. What you and I consider "money" is for banks actually debt. For banks, real "money" is either other people's debts, or central bank reserves. When the bank makes a loan to you, your promise to repay the loan is a financial asset for the bank, that is real money as far as the bank is concerned. The deposits in your bank account, on the other hand, are basically the bank owing you money, they are in debt to you the same way you are in debt to them when you take out a loan. So if, due to deflation, the purchasing power of money is increasing, then the real debts of commercial banks are also increasing. This is why the banking system always requires that money erode in purchasing power, so that their debts are continuously diminished. A deflationary environment is extremely dangerous to banks because not only are people not taking out many new loans, which is how they make "money," but because their liabilities are steadily increasing. 
But, what most people don't realize is that in the US, because quantitative easing left commercial banks with more reserves than they could ever possibly need, raising interest rates using the old system where the central bank merely charged commercial banks more to borrow money doesn't work. Commercial banks have such an excess of reserves they don't really need to borrow often, and even if they do they can simply get cheaper loans from other commercial banks who are themselves sitting on so much excess reserves they will gladly lend at cheaper rates than the Fed's target. 
So, in order to get around this, in order to raise interest rates, the Fed is now *paying* interest on commercial banks' deposits. That way the commercial banks will never lend at a lower rate than they can get by just letting their money sit inside the Fed. In essence, the Fed is paying the bankers not to lend money. 
But here is the kicker. Where is the money coming from that the Fed is paying the commercial banks with? Yes, the Fed can print money, but it prints money in exchange for debt, it has a balance sheet to maintain and in this case it is merely giving money away. So where is the money coming from?
The answer is that the Fed is paying the banks from its income. Where does the Fed's income come from? It comes primarily from the interest on government debt it is holding. This interest is then paid back to the treasury, which is why when the government borrows money from the Fed it is essentially interest free. But now, rather than paying the government with this money, the Fed will be using it to pay commercial banks. 
Put simply, the Fed is using tax payer dollars to pay the commercial banks not to lend money. That is how they are raising interest rates now. 
So regardless of whether interest rates go positive or negative, ordinary people are screwed. 
 
@_date: 2017-03-15 19:34:50
Bitcoin is growing up. What is happening here is that the system is maturing past the comfort zone of some of the immature minds that helped it to get where it is today. Like a child dropping Santa Claus, Bitcoin is going to shed itself of people who are just not prepared for it to mature.  
@_date: 2017-03-15 06:58:29
Well, I'm not sure who discovered the bug, but let's suppose it was Peter. He could have:
1) Gone to BU and told them about the bug, which would be directly assisting BU in their effort to seize power. A completely immoral thing to do if you are supporting Core.
2) Made the attack himself without letting anyone know and leave the BU developers scrambling for days trying to fix the problem, which would have been far worse for them politically. 
3) Kept the bug a secret and used it to attack BU after a fork scenario which could have hurt many people financially. 
4) Kept the whole thing secret until someone else found out about it. 
5) Made it public, knowing that no harm would be done since the attack at this stage wouldn't cause anyone financial harm, and yet would also hurt BUs credibility. 
Seems to me Peter is a pretty upright guy. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:23:53
Welcome to Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:18:56
In my view, it is quite simple actually. Miners desire to be able to control the supply of their product, which is block space. They don't want that market centrally planed for them. 
Put simply, miners have different interests than what is necessarily best for the network. And their interests right now are very strong, whereas the rest of the community's priorities are theoretical. This is why they will likely win. It is a wake up call that Bitcoin is becoming an industry, and like with all industry, there are interest groups. 
But for the system to be fair, all interest groups will have to be represented. This begins with the exchanges. What are their interests, and how are they represented in code? It seems to me that the system will need a way of giving voice, and this will be done by discovering a way to recognize the economic weight of nodes. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 07:55:13
If, hypothetically, the economic majority strongly support this proposal, then I think it has a strong chance of working, mostly because of its economic logic. 
But unfortunately, once politics is included in the equation, there are too many unknowns. There is no way to calculate the resolve of BU support and the lengths they are willing to go. And there is a strong chance that such an aggressive move will strengthen their will. Furthermore, the uncompromising nature of such a move may simultaneously weaken the support for segwit among many players within the economic majority whose support for Core is marginal, and who will perceive Core as being heavy handed and making a power play that feels authoritarian. 
Not all BU supporters are as committed as others, not all Core supporters are as committed as others, and a harsh effort to force the network toward Core may tip the political balance further in the opposite direction, precisely when the plan requires so much support.
In other words, a plan like this may be well considered technically and economically, but if not politically, the politics can undo it.  
You can mitigate the political risk substantially by including just enough concessions to make the non-zealot BU supporters -- pressured by the economic threat -- to switch over, feeling that at least they have had some of their concerns met, while simultaneously strengthening the non-zealot Core supporters belief that it is a well reasoned, fair, and balanced plan and disarming their concern that Core is trying to exert power. 
In other words, some concession in the plan might be just enough to provide *both the carrot and the stick* to guarantee success. 
If we do follow this path, we are acknowledging, on some level, that the decentralization of nodes is not quite as important as once claimed -- after all, the whole plan revolves around prioritizing those nodes that represent the economically powerful players. This, to a degree, weakens the small blocker argument. Refusing any increase to the block size (beyond the increase already provided by segwit) will only be seen as somewhat hypocritical.
A slight block size increase, therefore, could provide just enough carrot, and the threat of economic ruin just enough stick, to guarantee the political strength for the economic logic to work. 
And, of course, all of this goes contrary to one of the main concerns of the Core road map to begin with, which was to attempt to avoid chain splits at all costs. If we are already committed to a plan that has a reasonable chance of causing a split, it seems perhaps hard forking should be back on the table, which potentially could be perceived as another possible concession. 
@_date: 2017-03-23 14:46:01
**One** reason I have been advocating for a compromise is simply so we can see Roger's response. If he isn't interested, it suggests his motives are more nefarious. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:33:05
I like it too. I think, ideally, in addition to the block size increase, the block size should increase incrementally over time, something along the lines of what Luke-jr proposed (minus the initial decrease in block size). It will compromise the security of the network and may have implication we all will have to live with, but the security (and value) of the network right now seems more threatened by the civil war. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:30:51
And don't forget Karpeles' cat. Without him jumping on the keyboard, we would never have had the opportunity to buy cheap coins. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:07:34
The problem we have is that while Core is made up of people with extremely high technical IQs, it is also made up of people with extremely low social IQs. This argument that Segwit is already a compromise is a case in point: anyone with even an above average social IQ can recognize that that position is absurd from a political point of view. 
Another case in point. Take Luke-jr. I love the guy, but let's face it, he has an extremely low social IQ. Yet he finds himself in a very powerful political leadership role, a role that requires social intelligence, and in this capacity he has been a disaster. Coming out with a proposal to *reduce* the block size (with incremental increases over time) in the very heart of this debate was an absolute train wreck politically. We lack *leadership*. And by "leadership," I don't mean authoritarians, I mean people who can communicate, listen to all sides, and ensure all sides that their concerns are being addressed in code. 
All of Core's concerns revolve around sustaining the security of the network. But their blind spot, their Achilles heel as it were, comes not from their lack of technical expertise, it comes from their lack of social intelligence. They have tried so hard to prevent a hard fork, and yet we may still get one, not because there was something wrong with the code, but because of their ineptness as political leaders. It has resulted in a social movement within Bitcoin that could likely result in a hard fork regardless. If they attempt to do something on a technical level to prevent such revolts from occurring or being successful, it will only make the situation worse and will be seen as Core trying to secure their power. 
We are in a political moment, we can't avoid politics in Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not just a technology, it's money. And money, power, and politics come together. The problem is we don't have any skilled politicians, or the ones who are skilled don't have enough influence within Core. People like yourself and Andreas are what is required now. You may not be coders, but you are politicians, people who have high social IQs are needed in Bitcoin every bit as much as skilled coders. Our refusal to accept this has gotten us to where we are today.
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:00:17
Fantastic commentary. Thank you for this.
Ver and Wu have become the public faces of the pro-centralization faction. And I think because both of these guys are . . . well, let's just say, "a bit off" . . . it's hard not to see the faction itself as being the representatives within the Bitcoin community of the pizza-gate type mentality that's been metastasizing over the internet and the planet. It is natural that Bitcoin is going to attract these types, and it is also natural that they would eventually turn their conspiratorial thinking inward against Bitcoin itself. 
But we should remember that this faction was really born out of Gavin and Hearn, and both of these guys were extremely intelligent and respected, even if people had their differences with them. Both have now ruined their reputations in the larger community -- one by conspiring with the big banks over Bitcoin, the other by promoting a despicable scam artist as Satoshi -- but at the time, it really did seem as if intelligent people could advocate for the centralization faction. I think many smart people were persuaded by them, and I'm not sure that without them people like Ver and Wu could ever have started a similar revolt on their own. At this point, Ver and Wu express the collective outrage, the anger this group has accumulated over the past years, that the larger community and the Core devs have allowed to fester and have even inflamed. It is like a fire out of control, but it was Gavin and Hearn who lit the spark. Ver isn't expressing rational views, he is expressing emotional views. His anger is palpable, and when he tries to speak rationally it is as if he is desperately fighting to restrain himself. It may be embarrassing that he has become the public face of BU, but I think he is currently the most appropriate one, as his anger, his hostility toward Core, is what BU is principally about. 
I do think it is a valid question to ask why Core generated so much anger. Surely they could have done better. 
I was listening to a recent episode of Epicenter Bitcoin -- these guys lean pro-centralization -- and they were speaking with Peter Rizun, who is obviously a very intelligent guy. It was all good, he expressed his views, his research, his support for BU, etc . . . until the end when he went full retard, diving deep into conspiracy theory land and accusing Core of being in the pocket of big bankers. Despite being an intelligent guy, he was taken in by this sort of thinking.
So while I think you are right that persuading the leaders of a faction to change their views is the most effective way to persuade their respective community to change with them, I think this only reinforces my view that what we are dealing with here is politics. Further, I think that persuading someone like Ver might not be enough, because ultimately he isn't really the head of the movement. It's Gavin that is the real problem. Gavin began this faction, began the revolt. Gavin is the voice that says there isn't unanimity among the developer elite. It's Gavin that emboldens the faction to believe they are on the side of truth. And removing his commit access only strengthened their belief in a conspiracy. If Gavin switches, I can't imagine how Ver could hold out on his own without that silent intellectual backing coming from a historic member of the developer elite. We think Gavin is irrelevant now. He is more relevant than ever. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 18:31:15
If I am understanding correctly, the point is that the network doesn't split into two separate version of reality *until* one client begins accepting transactions that the other client can't. As long as they can both accept all the same transactions, they are effectively acting with the same version of reality. But once this happens, once BU has transactions that Core can't include, their versions of reality diverge and they become two separate chains. 
But what this means is that BU needs to keep permanent majority hashing power to maintain the longest chain, because if it loses that, the network will revert to considering Core's version of reality the true one, and since Core's version doesn't include any of the extra transactions that happened on BU, all those transactions will be erased from existence. 
So what Charlie Lee is saying is that if Coinbase pays a bunch of people fiat money in exchange for bitcoin, but bitcoin is actually BU, and then at a later point those transactions are erased from existence because bitcoin reverts to Core, Coinbase, and all the other exchanges, will essentially become insolvent, and that probably would just be the beginning of our problems. Even if this doesn't happen, its a risk no exchange will be willing to take.
Gavin is arguing that it isn't likely that Core would regain the longest chain. But from the exchanges' point of view, that's not an argument, because they require certainty, not, "I don't think it will happen."
Consequently, what Charlie is saying is that BU will need to completely hardfork as an altcoin, maintaining a copy of the block chain up until that point, but then diverging from the original chain with no possibility of the two coins ever reuniting. The exchanges can then list it as an altcoin with no problems. 
In other words, the exchanges can't have a scenario where two clients are fighting for consensus over the same network, the two clients must represent entirely separate networks. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 07:05:45
Another great article by Vinny Lingham. It's great to see someone pointing out the implications a hard fork would have for Bitcoin beyond just the technical debate. 
I'm still of the opinion that getting segwit activated is the most important thing. More important than keeping the 1mb limit, more important than not caving into the bullying of the Chinese miners, more important, perhaps, than even the confidence a UASF has the potential to bring to the network by clarifying the limits of miner power. This is because I think that if segwit is activated, it will green light the second layer technologies which will greatly alleviate the possibility of future political debates concerning the protocol level. I also agree with Vinny that if segwit is activated soon, without a split in the network, Bitcoin will go to at least $3000 by the end of the year, further pushing politics into the background. 
In other words, I don't think the political demand for protocol level changes is going to be perpetual. If scaling becomes a non-issue due to 2nd layer technologies, if smart contracts and anonymizing services become possible because of 2nd layer tech, what political issue will re-emerge to create another fight over the protocol? Without some kind of real pressing issue, like the current network congestion we are facing today, it is simply too difficult to socially engineer another political confrontation. So I don't agree with those who say if we give an inch, they will over time try to take a mile. I think getting past this hurdle and implementing segwit will dramatically help to secure the protocol against these kinds of social engineering attacks. 
I also think the Chinese miners will quickly get on board if we offer a modest blocksize increase, particularly now that they are concerned about the competence of BU. Once segwit is in place, and the LN is in play, I don't foresee us revisiting this debate. I may be wrong, but that is how I see it. And considering the dangers we are facing, the path seems relatively clear to me. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 17:39:52
Of course what you are saying is true, but that's not what this is about. 
I understand that Wu is talking about transaction fees, implying that their revenue will go down if LN is used. But it's easiest to understand this if you think about it not in terms of their revenue going down, but in terms of it not being a high as it otherwise could be (which is really saying the same thing, but it is easier conceptually). 
What the miners want is to be able to sell more block space, period. Their profits are directly proportional to the amount of demand there is for block space. Whether the block limit is low or high is inconsequential, demand alone determine profits. If block space is limited and demand is high, transactions will be fewer and fees will be higher. If block space is plentiful and demand is high, transactions will be many and fees will be lower. The revenue coming in is the same either way. But **what larger blocks do do is increase demand** by making block space cheaper. Which means that any way you cut it, more block space = more profit. 
We have to remember that cheap block space won't simply be used for bitcoin transactions. There is a whole host of possible use cases for the block chain, but most of these use cases are prohibitive if block space is expensive. 
Lightning network and 2nd layer solutions are going to happen, that's inevitable. If Bitcoin can't make micro transactions a reality, another network will and Bitcoin will fade. The miners aren't trying to prevent that because they want to force everyone to use the block chain, they are preventing that because it gives them leverage at the negotiating table. They know LN will bring in more revenue, but not as much as LN + larger blocks.
What miners aren't including in their calculations is that loss of decentralization erodes faith and security in the network, which lowers its value and therefore demand for block space. The reason they aren't considering this is because it is actually their goal to grow their businesses to be as large as humanly possible. So their selfish interests lead them to consciously or subconsciously ignore the threats of decentralization, directly in conflict with the priority of the network. 
Since Core represents that entity who oversees what is best for the network as a whole with a neutral eye that does not favor any interest group (a position that is fundamentally threatened by the existence of Blockstream), their primary concern is with preserving and protecting the decentralization of the network. Therefore, their interests and the interests of the miners are in direct conflict. 
I think the way we need to think about this is in terms of interest groups. You have the miners as one interest group, whose goal is maximizing the demand for block space. You have the developers as another interest group, whose goal is maximizing the security of the protocol. Other interest groups who are less directly relevant to this discussion are the exchanges, users, merchants, traders, etc. Each have their own set of priorities. All of this is emerging because of how successful Bitcoin has become. 
The security of the overall network depends on all of these interest groups having a voice and finding balance, otherwise you end up with revolts that threaten the value of the network. The mutual balance of interest groups keeps the overall system in balance. If you prioritize one interest group at the expense of another, things get out of balance. Compromises are, therefore, going to be integral to the future of the ecosystem. Compromises which balance the priorities of the interest groups and prevent any one from getting out of control. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 15:08:01
[This is the cat!](
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:51:39


Imagine a scenario where one of the exchanges suddenly started selling Bitcoin at a quarter of the price. This would cause the price on all of the exchanges to drop.
Now imagine another scenario where one exchange sells Bitcoin for double the price. This would cause the price on all of the exchanges to rise. 
Why? Because of arbitrage. People buy on one exchange and sell on another. 
The same principle applies to mining, only slower. Mining is a way of purchasing bitcoin. If the price to mine bitcoin is substantially lower than the price to purchase bitcoin on an exchange, people will begin to sell their bitcoin and use it to purchase mining equipment. Likewise, if the cost to mine bitcoin is higher than the price on an exchange, people will give up mining, sell their miners on ebay, and opt to use their money instead to purchase bitcoin from the exchange. The effect is slower than arbitrage between exchanges, but still very real. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:29:12
I particularly like how he talked about the idea that the core protocol should be something extremely difficult to change (it's around 17:58). I think the current climate is proof that this is ultimately a good idea. 
Then he went on to talk about how modularity could cause innovation around that core protocol to explode, and likened it to the way TCIP is the bedrock of the internet, yet hasn't really changed in decades despite all the amazing things that have been built on top of it. Unfortunately, we just aren't there yet, the Bitcoin protocol still needs work for a truly modular system to be possible. But one thing we don't want is a future in which fighting over changes to the protocol, and who controls its development, continue indefinitely. Bitcoin will get nowhere that way. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 04:58:06


It's funny, there is an identical post high up on r/btc raging about how the Core developers behavior today convinced them to side with BU, even though they were neutral before. It sounded like someone who was already pro BU. It is happening in both directions, in other words. 
We've reached some kind of critical stage, where even people who were relatively neutral are sort of being pushed to whichever side they slightly favored. There aren't very many people who find themselves agreeing with both sides perfectly evenly, and the gray area where neutral parties could find respite from this madness is getting thinner and thinner. More and more people are picking sides, and soon there won't even be a neutral third option. Those who refuse to participate will simply disappear, perhaps declare Bitcoin dead. But, regardless, war is coming. 
@_date: 2016-01-18 16:43:48
Great post, thank you. 
@_date: 2016-03-08 14:50:57
With regard to Bitcoin, there are few people who possess the kind of penetrating practical insight of Trace Mayer. He has always understood Bitcoin within a much broader and deeper context. I only hope guys like Ver listen to him. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 08:29:52
After reading the [full story]( by the journalist who followed Wright before and after the whole "reveal," I'm not sure what to believe. I definitely suggest checking it out if you haven't already.
@_date: 2016-01-30 04:08:07
On a technical note: in the US the central bank, or the Federal Reserve, is not a government institution, it is a private bank. But even though it isn't technically part of the government, it is so powerful -- more powerful than probably any government institution including the White House -- it is, in effect, a government body, even if this isn't literally true. That is to say, they are our rulers, so to speak, and as such the "government."
To answer your question: the Fed "prints money" in order to buy debt. Usually that is government debt, but they have extended into buying a variety of different kinds of debt. They don't just print money and dump it into the economy, they print money and buy stuff (bonds) with that money. That way, if they ever want to remove money from the economy to combat inflation, they can simply sell the stuff they have bought. When they sell the debt that they previously bought, the buyers of those debts give them money in exchange for those debts. Then the Fed simply burns the money it receives thereby removing it from existence. So the short answer to your question is that if they merely printed money and gave it away, they would increase the money supply, sure, but they would be powerless to decrease the money supply at a future date if they needed to.  
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:36:25
This is what I have been saying all along, the miners are simply protecting their interests. In fact, I would go so far as to suggest that if the BU devs were competent, the miners signaling gray would suddenly switch to red. 
We can argue over economics all day. We can argue over whether the miners really understand what is in their best interests ad nausea. None of it changes the fact that the miners consider larger blocks to be in their interests and therefore you are simply not going to move forward with a single Bitcoin -- and all the tech made possible by SegWit -- without either raising the block size or letting the price crash so significantly, over a sustained period of time, that the miners relent (Vinny Lingham's suggestion). Unfortunately, the latter suggestion is just as likely to cause the gray miners to start signalling for BU.
@_date: 2017-03-12 14:20:28
Because as the BU code stands now, the resulted split wouldn't be an incompatible hard fork as was the case with the ETH/ETC split where you had two coins, it would be a compatible hard fork. [See this]( for an explanation of the difference. 
Unless there were overwhelming economic and community consensus about the decision to switch to BU (in addition to miner consensus) the chance would linger that at any moment everyone could discover their BU BTC had completely vanished. Such an event would make Mt Gox look mild by comparison. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 20:03:39
The impression that a lot of people have is that Core and Unlimited will split as two separate coins competing over hashing power and market value, the way Ethereum and ETC split. If that were to happen, it probably wouldn't be the end of the world. Unfortunately, that's not what's going on. If it were, BU could split today, anytime they wanted, and have their own coin. 
What's going on is that Unlimited and Core are competing over *the same coin.* The reason BU won't activate without at least 75% miner support is because it can't survive otherwise and would likely destroy Bitcoin. Why? Because without overwhelming support, there is always the possibility that the network reverts back to Core due to Core receiving more hashing power, and if it were to do that, all the bitcoin transactions between the time BU was activated and the time the network reverted back to Core would be considered invalid due to invalid blocks caused by excessive size. (Remember the recent incident where bitcoin.com mined a block that was too large and it was rejected by the network?) This would be a catastrophe for Bitcoin, people's bitcoin would simply vanish! The exchanges would go insolvent. The reputation of Bitcoin would be ruined forever. Bitcoin would die. 
And BU simply doesn't have enough support to guarantee overwhelming consensus, and likely never will. Which means that if BU were to activate prematurely, with only a slight hashing majority but always the possibility of Core regaining control, no one would accept bitcoin transactions anymore as long as BU was in control, because as long as this was true, no bitcoin transaction would be guaranteed and might eventually just vanish. 
The only safe way to hard fork, the only way that wouldn't risk destroying Bitcoin entirely, is for BU to do *exactly* what ETC did, which is to split off as an altcoin. But they don't want to do that, they want control of BTC. 
So I think many people are confused about this, and they look at the ETH/ETC split and say, "well, that wasn't so bad." But the problem is that BU doesn't want to do a clean split like that, they want control of Bitcoin, but it is impossible for them to do so as long as Core is still in play, because as long as it is, there not only exists the possibility that BU could destroy Bitcoin by being out of consensus with Core, but this possibility will make people stop using bitcoin altogether.  
 
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:00:28
Yes, it makes more sense, but not strategically, not politically. If SegWit actually alleviates the network congestion, big blockers lose the very thing that is motivating this debate and it becomes orders of magnitude more difficult to reinvigorate it. 
Ultimately what big blockers want, particularly miners, is not lower fees. What they want is more on chain activity. They want to encourage the use of the block chain not merely for transactions, but for other things as well. They have a different vision of the future. But it is hard to sell a vision of the future, it is easy to point to present day problems like network congestion. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 01:20:04
And there are other reasons Core could win. You are exactly right. 
I just don't want to see this war, it is too risky and too uncertain. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 17:25:12
You may be onto something, and it is very hard not to see it as a power grab which is what makes it so dangerous. 
However, they need the narrative of block size and network congestion to make the power grab work. There isn't enough of the community that will follow them with the narrative, "we want power!" 
If we can win this conflict because the larger community isn't willing to risk Bitcoin in the hands of incompetent developers, that would be ideal. But if more is required, then offering a slight block size increase now, along with SegWit, would be enough to knock out their primary narrative and left only with "we want power!" their movement would quickly die. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 17:03:59
I'd like to see this simply so we can resolve this debate and activate SegWit. It is simply a matter of politics for me, not what I think is technically the best solution. I don't think the BU community will trust Core to keep their promise, particularly because of Luke-jr, therefore the only option is a combined SegWit + 2mb block size increase hard fork, i.e., do it all at once.
@_date: 2017-03-17 18:47:02
But you recognize I have a point. Exchanges are dangerous. 


If liquidity has the ability to go somewhere else, then that is an admission that UASF is hugely dangerous since it won't be easy to economically kill off the longer chain. 
On the other hand, if liquidity doesn't have anywhere else to go, then a UASF is handing to much power to government regulated (i.e., controlled) exchanges. 
Decentralization of liquidity is just as important to Bitcoin in the long run as decentralization of hashing power. I suspect both of these problems will resolve themselves once crypto reaches certain levels of maturity. When 2nd layer payment networks, sidechains, and crypto forms of fiat come into play, decentralized exchanges will flourish. (But that won't happen if we have handed so much power over to exchanges they seek to block the progress of technologies that might compete with them.) Likewise, if Bitcoin were to ever become truly widespread, mining industry will become more popular outside of China as competing governments choose to subsidize it in order to protect their interests in the block chain.
What we need is a balanced approach that keeps neither power, miners or exchanges, from becoming too influential over Bitcoin. Neither BU nor a UASF does this. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 14:41:44


Bitcoin will be the loser. This is why so many altcoins are currently headed into bubbles. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 01:05:07
Well said. No one can be trusted in this debate, *especially* people who are pushing for a split or taking hard line positions to help promote the division. When you see people calling for a fork, it is hard not to assume they are heavily invested in altcoins. Likewise, when you see people calling to drive down the price of bitcoin to punish the miners, it is hard to assume they aren't either shorting bitcoin, or haven't already dumped their coins and looking to get back in cheap. 
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:57:38
When we talk about a UASF we aren't talking about handing power to "the economy," we aren't talking about handing power to the larger community, we are talking about handing power to exchanges. This is because exchanges are the only power that has the ability to protect a minority chain against superior hashing power by economically strangling the longer chain and choking its liquidity.
But exchanges have the potential to be just as dangerous to Bitcoin as miners do. Governments already have their hands all over the exchanges, handing power to exchanges would be essentially handing power to governments. Imagine what would happen if we set precedence for exchange dictated changes to the protocol through a UASF. Governments could step in and demand exchanges make certain changes to the protocol and only accept the chain that includes these changes, under the threat that the exchange would be deemed illegal otherwise. 
A UASF isn't just dangerous because it might not work, it is dangerous if it works!
@_date: 2017-03-23 14:41:38
Yeah . . . I wouldn't be surprised at all. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:26:22
Really? Why? What made it seem obvious to you? 
One question I keep asking myself is, "why isn't Satoshi weighing in on the scaling debate?" I mean, if there was ever a time when we needed his advice, it would be now.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:44:46
Because nodes are fundamentally important for security, their importance becomes proportional to the amount of economic activity that relies upon them. An exchange, for instance, absolutely needs to run a full node. Your ordinary user buying coffee, not so much. This means that high value businesses are incentivized to run full nodes, whereas average Joes aren't. Since nodes from businesses and companies are incentivized out of the need for security, these nodes are more likely to be honest than random nodes popping up on the network from god knows who. In other words, some nodes will be considered more trustworthy than others, and that depends on their economic activity. Since the whole purpose of a node is to provide trust, trustworthy nodes are intrinsically more valuable than unknown nodes, even if the system currently doesn't distinguish between the two. 
Nodes get to decide what software to run. This gives them veto power over development decisions they disagree with. But their veto power is only proportional to their economic importance. The only way to measure the economic majority is to measure the decisions of all the nodes based on their economic weight, otherwise anyone could simply fire up as many nodes as they wanted to influence things. This means, if there is ever to be a way of measuring the economic will of the system, as a UASF proposes to do, there will be a prioritizing of economically important nodes over unimportant nodes. 
It is inevitable that eventually the system will want to be able to measure the trustworthiness and economic relevance of nodes, otherwise nodes will lack sufficient voice in development decisions. In other words, in the same way miners are currently throwing their muscle around to influence development, eventually so will the economic majority. And they won't simply do that by hoping developers listen to them, they will demand that their power is hard coded into the system, just like miners power is. So eventually they will demand that the network recognize them in a more formal way than the current system does.
Once this happens, nodes security is going to depend on a network of trust. SPV clients won't simply reach out to a statistically sufficient number of nodes, hoping the majority are honest, but will instead prioritize economically powerful nodes in their measurements of weighing trust. Perhaps nodes will gain reputations to further encourage the trustworthiness of the system. 
At that point running your own personal full node from your home will be nearly pointless. The network will already be so centralized around powerful miners and powerful nodes and will already have so much third-party trust built in, the additional level of personal trust you will gain from running your own full node will be minimal, and the amount of say in the development decisions of the network an economically insignificant full node provides will be null. 
Since businesses can afford to run ever larger nodes, and are economically and politically incentivized to do so, and ordinary users are not, cost concerns of running full nodes will completely prioritize the concerns of businesses and companies. Once this happens, with little to no incentive for the network to prioritize ordinary users over economically powerful nodes in order to ensure its security, and with miners and users perpetually demanding larger block sizes, the political weight will completely favor expanding the block size -- if it isn't already hard coded in by emergent consensus -- and eventually nodes will be run in data centers.
Put simply, as economically significant nodes becomes more valuable to the network than economically insignificant nodes, the development decisions will increasingly de-prioritize economically insignificant nodes' concerns, first and foremost of which is block size. Since any node that is economically significant is likely being run by companies with deep pockets who can afford data centers, block size won't be an issue for them. With block size exploding, nodes will have to be run in data centers. 
 
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:00:47
This is an excellent point. The dark markets probably won't be well represented in such an "economic majority."
What is going on here is that the entire block size debate is preparing to become a battle between the two most powerful industries in the Bitcoin ecosystem: Chinese miners vs Exchanges. Putting all of our hope on one or the other because they support our point of view is equally morally dubious, in my opinion. 
We have to remember, it wasn't very long ago that the Bitcoin community was very worried about the power of centralized exchanges being a weak spot in the ecosystem as they are easily captured and regulated by governments. Do we really want to go down a path where exchanges discover they have the power to forcibly dictate the development direction of Bitcoin? Why is this any better than Chinese miners dictating development?
These two different interest groups have two very different concerns. The Chinese miners' concern is clear: they want to be able to freely control the supply of their product -- i.e., block space -- and are frustrated that the supply of the product they sell is being controlled by the developers who are quite obviously committed to keeping the supply scarce. 
The concern of the Chinese miners -- and perhaps the larger mining community in general who still haven't signaled one way or the other -- is that if SegWit is activated they will lose the leverage they need to demand larger blocks. But they aren't fundamentally opposed to SegWit, nor do they fear the Lightning Network as many claim. Their recent effort to promote a new solution involving emergent consensus that includes SegWit demonstrates this. Most miners are probably expressing their demand for a block space increase by simply not signalling. The more aggressive miners are adding the threat of BU to the equation to try to force the development community into compromise. None of the miners really want BU, they are as terrified about the competence of the BU developers as the rest of us, and they are afraid of Bitcoin being damaged and their bottom line being threatened. But they also fear that the Core developers are hostile toward their industry.
The concern of exchanges, on the other hand, is that a split in Bitcoin would substantially damage the not just Bitcoin, but the reputation of crypto in general, and would markedly decrease demand and turn public sentiment against the very idea of cryptocurrency, hurting their bottom line.The exchanges aren't really that enthusiastic about SegWit per se, they just want the block size debate to end. And in fact, the ex-ceo of Coinbase strongly favored increasing the block size, and Circle rage quit over the whole issue. They don't like the rising fees, and they are frustrated that the Core developers are unable to compromise. They simply want Bitcoin to move forward and to not have its reputation damaged. Their enthusiasm for a UASF will be tempered at best, because it threatens the possibility of a split which is exactly what they don't want. If the miners threat of a hard fork becomes serious, then they might be forced down the UASF path in order to prevent BU from destroying Bitcoin's reputation, but they won't actively encourage a UASF. And since the miners don't really want BU, it is unlikely that the threat of a BU hard fork will ever force the Exchanges' hand, meaning neither is going to happen. 
None of the powerful players really want a split and none of the developers can actually force a split without the powerful players backing it. What the powerful players actually want is a compromise. Both sides want a compromise for different reasons. This leads to the very real possibility that the exchanges and the miners will simply chose to go around the developers, come to an agreement, bring that agreement to the community and demand the developers relent. Since the larger community also does not want a split, and is growing fearful of the current state of affairs and Bitcoin's future, the call for compromise by the power players and the sign of leadership will rally the majority of the community and place tremendous pressure on the developers. That is likely what the *real economic majority standing up is going to look like,* not UASF. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 07:09:46
@_date: 2017-03-25 15:44:43
Great points. 
Keep in mind, I was only addressing the concern over the "centralization" of development. In my view, if you tether development -- i.e., who gets to code the default client -- to miners, and mining is always going to be largely centralized, then development itself becomes centralized. Make no mistake, if BU takes over development leadership, and this happens *because* of miners, then we witness a precedent that will be hard to break. And this precedence is that miners get to decide who develops the code, and therefore what the code is. It will be no different than a modern central bank in this sense -- where the policy makers are essentially appointed by the banking cartel who is the analog of Bitcoin's miners, the entity that both creates new money and allows people to use it. Miners -- also basically the creators of new money and the facilitators of its use -- have the same general incentives as bankers in modern money, and if they control the policy makers then inflating the currency becomes all but inevitable. We can, in other words, pretty much kiss the 21 million limit cap goodbye, because it will always be in miners' interests to have a subsidy (and most of society will not object since they are already sold on the principle that a currency requires constant inflation). 
This is why I prefer a balance of powers, where you have the miners representing one power, the nodes another, and the developers a third. This balance of power will help ensure that any one interest group does not skew everything toward their interests alone similar to the way the central banking systems skews everything toward the interests of bankers. 
I largely agree with you on the issue of nodes. At this point, I'm pretty resigned to the fact that cryptocurrencies will become instruments of the powerful, not the people. I wish it were not so, but as things stand, it just seems rather inevitable. We should, in my opinion, focus on how the system can remain decentralized when in the hands of powerful actors. One key ingredient, I think, would be to allow the system to recognize the respective economic weight of nodes, thereby allowing them to represent the interests of economic actors in the space, beyond miners, in deciding the fate of the network. 
The main concern with large data center run nodes is not over the balance of power within the system, it is in terms of the resilience of the system against State hostility. Satoshi said data centers were an inevitability, but an inevitability that must not happen too quickly lest bitcoin is easily dismantled before society is ready to embrace it. But, it seems, if mining is already so centralized, the decentralization of nodes won't provide all that much defense. Still, it is worth considering that in the advent of an event where States shut down mining operations, small nodes would allow the network to switch PoW and survive. If nodes are large and mainly centered around companies, then those companies could be shut down along with the mining firms. 
Ultimately, however, society's embrace of Bitcoin is accelerated by its dependence on Bitcoin, which is in turn increased by the block chain's usefulness. So a larger block chain helps secure the networks future in some regards.
But we will never get there if confidence in the currency and the block chain erodes. This confidence is dependent on two things, primarily, in the context of this debate. 1) The perception that Bitcoin isn't under the control of one power or cartel, and 2) the perception that Bitcoin is unreliable and constantly subject to forks and reorgs. Either scenario will undermine confidence in the block chain and therefore people and businesses willingness to rely on it under the assumption that it will always be there and always be reliable. 
This is why I am fundamentally opposed to the idea that contentious hard forks represent the future of how governance should be solved Bitcoin, because hard forks undermine confidence in the currency, and a currency without confidence is worth little more than the paper it is made out of. To me, a contentious hard fork is like a civil war, and civil wars are not a good or efficient way of resolving governance issues. Few people will trust a non-state backed currency that is under the control of a mining cartel. But likewise, few will trust a currency that is under constant threat of contentious hard forks and reorgs. 
But if we don't want to rely on this mechanism to resolve debates every time they arise, then the question becomes -- and I think this should be the real question in this entire debate -- how do we democratize Core? From my perspective, the block size debate is really a debate over whether Core is willing to listen to and represent the concerns of all actors in the space. Since they don't appear to be willing to do that, we have a revolt on our hands. If we wish to prevents governance struggles from destroying the currency, we must discover a way of resolving these struggles in a manner that all parties feel is fair, but that does not threaten the confidence in the currency itself. Governance issues should be resolved in a way that is entirely unnoticed by ordinary users. This isn't possible if you don't have a way of allowing the community to have some larger say in who gets to be the developers. 
Satoshi was opposed to there being multiple clients because clients represent the **consensus** layer, every bit as important to the system as decentralization is. From my perspective, then, the goal should be to have one client, not many, and to find a way of decentralizing the development of this one client. You begin by giving commit access term limits and devising some way that these terms can be voted on by all interested parties. I have no idea how that can be achieved, but if the currency wishes to retain its reputation of immutability, it is imperative that the power struggles take place off chain, so to speak.  
Finally, I think Bitcoin will be strongest if the wisdom of both sides is taken into account. A society is strongest if there is a balance between military security and economic freedoms, but is weak if there is only one or the other. Bitcoin will be weakest, if it becomes two coins, each maximizing one side of Bitcoin and neglecting the other. A Bitcoin that has ample security but minimal utility will only get so far. A Bitcoin that has ample utility but minimal security or confidence will also only get so far. And with confidence eroded in both sides -- a contentious hard fork will likely be the death of the currency, in my opinion. 
All of this just expresses my current ways of thinking about this matter. Everything is shifting, and we stand to gain little by being convinced that we know everything and that everyone who disagrees is simply wrong. I don't know what is ultimately right for bitcoin, but my strong suspicion is that the true answer lies in listening to all the voices involved. 
@_date: 2017-03-17 06:53:30
My thought is it seems the Chinese miners are expressing concretely what they really want, through code, so that everyone can understand their position clearly. What the Chinese miners are essentially saying is, "we will happily give you SegWit, but you need to give us control of block space."
It appears the Chinese miners genuinely want variable block sizes. I suppose it is understandable, since block space is their product. It must be very frustrating to them to have their product under the control of the developers. They want to be able to control supply themselves through market forces -- as any powerful players in any industry would -- rather than having that supply dictated to them. This doesn't change the fact that they are pressuring for more centralization. But it does undo the theories that they wish to block SegWit (or BU for that matter) in order to keep fees high or block Lightning Network. It suggests that their main real objection to SegWit is that they fear that, if it is activated, the Core developers will likely never raise the block size, and even more likely never give miners control of block space.  
So they don't appear to be opposed to SegWit per se, they simply fear it as a scaling solution that will justify not increasing block space. I think Luke-jr's proposal to decrease the block size sealed the deal for them as it became clear to them that the Core devs are committed to keeping block space scarce. 
Put simply, the Chinese miners have come to the conclusion that the Core developers do not share their interests. 
Yet, on the other hand, they also now recognize that the BU team is incompetent and incapable of really taking Bitcoin forward, so they probably don't want to go down that road anymore. They may continue to signal BU, but they won't likely actually ever let it get to the point where it might be activated. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 05:15:51


First of all, that is always an option. If there is anything the block size debate has shown, it's that the protocol is always up for change if the economic majority wills it. While they idea of removing the 21 million cap may be heresy with today's community, tomorrow's community may not think so, particularly if there are compelling arguments for its necessity and enough FUD. The idea of raising the cap is not popular with today's investors, who represent a very important part of Bitcoin's early success, because a limited cap promises a continued appreciation of the currency's value. But in the future, lower fees for users, higher revenue for miners, and the promise of continued security for society may make raising the cap a very appealing idea to all parties with the power see it implemented. It may be determined by economist that a constant increase of the money supply to match global growth is desired and few may be there to argue with them. People should be under no illusions about the 21 million cap being etched in stone. 
Secondly, the block size debate has demonstrated how powerful miners are in determining the future of Bitcoin. This power has economic value in and off itself, and as Bitcoin grows, may eventually outweigh the actual revenue gained by mining Bitcoins itself. Mining, that is, may be done in order to increase ones voting power over the central bank known as Bitcoin, rather than to actually profit directly from the mining revenue. If this is true, then eventually transaction fees could go to zero. 
In my mind, the important consideration of side chains and off-chain solutions is that they promote innovation and competition that could really explode the ecosystem forward in ways people aren't expecting. If everything remains focused on the protocol layer, it is going to be one endless political battle after another. Ideally, the base layer should be run by people who are economically neutral and not trying to benefit one party over another . . . but this can only occur if all interested parties make sure they have sufficient voting power. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:32:11
That would annoy me. But if they deleted yours . . . I'd be good with that. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 13:39:43
Well said.
@_date: 2017-03-04 22:35:06
I agree Adam. Thank you for this. 
If we are going to solve the scaling debate, the most attractive way to do that is to heal the divide in the community, and a good way to begin that is by bringing the subreddits back together. Not sure if that is possible, but the first step will be to remove the moderation policies. 
The second step, I fear, is that both sides are going to have to compromise. It won't be easy, for any of us, but if we can get past all of this, somehow, it will represent a tremendous moment in Bitcoin history, and the future would look very bright. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 17:03:25
 Block chains don't fundamentally require Proof of Work, what they require is *Proof of Value*. In other words, block chains represent networks of value and their security is proportional to their respective network's value. In order to record changes to the ledger, you need to spend value proportional to the amount of changes you wish to record. (Note that miners cannot just make up transactions, they still need the digital signatures. The problem isn't that those who add changes to the ledger can steal anyone's assets on a whim, the problem is that they can double spend their own.) 
Proof of work is a system where spending value = producing energy. Proof of stake, on the other hand, is a system where spending value = lending the system your money. In the former, the new external value is injected into the system offsetting the inflation incurred by the increase in the money supply. In proof of stake, money is (temporarily) removed from the system which offsets the inflation caused by new coin generation. But in both systems, it is value that secures against double spends. The more valuable the network as a whole is, the more value that is required to gain the privilege of recording changes to the ledger. 
Furthermore, while any miner can make malicious changes to the ledger, those changes won't actually "stick" unless the malicious miner possesses ~51% of the mining power of the entire network -- which requires a tremendous amount of value -- because otherwise the non-malicious miners will eventually record over these changes. 
So when we are talking about recording the possession and transfer of real life assets using a block chain, assets which have value, in order to protect that ledger against malicious actors -- people who, for example, attempt to sell the same diamond ring to two different customers at the same time -- the costs of trying to falsify transactions in this way must dramatically outweigh the benefits. If you simply have a distributed ledger, with no costs associated with making changes to it, such an attack will be trivial to pursue. 
What this means is that if you want to have a block chain that utilizes zero costs mining, you will need to restrict who can use it to those who you trust 100%. The problem there is that the whole purpose of a block chain -- and this is explicitly stated in Satoshi's whitepaper -- is to solve the problem of having a shared ledger among parties who *do not trust* one another. In other words, using a block chain as a ledger for people who completely trust one another is like using a telephone to speak with somebody who is standing right next to you. 
And like I said, using electricity is not the only way to provide proof of value, there is also Proof of Stake (though as of today, no proof of stake block chain has gained sufficient market cap to be considered remotely as well tested as Bitcoin. Ethereum plans to switch to PoS, though currently uses PoW). PoS is a very attractive alternative to PoW for systems which wish to create private block chains for uses in industries where the members do not 100% trust one another, but in which membership is limited to relatively "trusted" parties. It is an attractive alternative because their security does not depend on external value coming into the system.
Overall, however, because value is fundamentally required to secure the network, it seems to me most likely that systems like the one you propose which desire to be public networks that anyone can participate in will eventually be made to piggy-back on the larger public value networks like Bitcoin, once (and if) the technology is in place to make it easy for them to do so.
@_date: 2017-03-10 19:28:19
Yes, and this is one of the strongest downsides to the ETF.
@_date: 2016-01-14 16:18:12
Bitcoin is political. This is because money, being a social contract between human beings, is inherently political . Bitcoin was born out of politics, and all money is an expression of power. 
Because of this, if Bitcoin becomes a significant world currency -- and one which lays the infrastructure for world finance and economic activity -- the need to have a political say in the future of the network will become significantly more important an incentive to mine than profit alone. The State will invest heavily in mining, as well as form alliances with other countries that do, in order to protect the network against forks that are against its national interests and to provide it with the ability to determine the direction of future forks. As profit ceases to be the main concern of miners, those who are in it for profit will not be able to compete. Eventually states, willing to mine at a loss, will completely control the network and mining fees could very well disappear. 
Should Bitcoin become a global currency, it will be politics, not mining fees, that sustain the network beyond the days of block rewards. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:53:42
I have argued on many occasions that bitcoin is digital gold. However, this is because a combination of two things: 1) Because of its immutability and censorship resistance and 2) because of the emergent intrinsic value of the block chain which comes from increased innovation and reliance upon it. Notice that these two factors that make Bitcoin digital gold roughly correspond to the concerns of the two factions in the blocksize debate. 
Digital gold advocates, I think, generally agree with this view. The reason we tend to support Core is because we fear the other side wants to do *everything* at the gold layer and will thereby destroy its gold-like properties. NOT because we don't believe that increased reliance upon and use of the block chain is wrong, but because we believe the block chain's security is fundamental to its value.and understand that many use cases for the block chain can be far better achieved, and actually promote more innovation and competition, if they are done in a modular way in layers that use the fundamental protocol, but do not try to do everything directly in it. In other words, we want to see increased reliance upon the block chain so that its value goes up, but we want that reliance to be indirect so that the block chain itself doesn't become bloated and lose its fundamental value. 
The idea that bitcoin is digital gold comes from the fact that gold was a form of money, a form of cash, that possessed intrinsic value -- meaning that its value was assured, regardless of whether it was used as money or not. Bitcoin's intrinsic value comes from the block chain. The more the block chain become indispensable for a variety of uses beyond money, the more Bitcoin's intrinsic value increases. 
But saying Bitcoin is digital gold is also a recognition that it is digital cash, since gold money was a pure form of cash. It is a direct, peer-to-peer transfer of value. That is, it represents final settlement. That is what the block chain is, it is final settlement, which is at the heart of the meaning of money. You don't get final settlement if you lose immutability. You don't get final settlement if transactions can be censored. You only get final settlement if you're sure Bob's promise to pay you bitcoin is worthy because it can't be reversed by the government or anyone else. You don't get final settlement if you can't trust that if someone owns bitcoin they can actually give you bitcoin. 
That's what you had with gold. If someone gave you gold, deal done. You didn't have to worry about whether the check would clear, or whether the government would suddenly declare it no longer legal tender. It was final settlement. 
Final settlement is the very heart and soul of what cash is. Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer form of digital cash is saying that it is a settlement system. That we believe that this settlement system needs to be preserved at all costs doesn't make us opposed to the idea of cash. That we want layers built on top that do amazing things with this cash doesn't mean we don't want Bitcoin to be cash. We want Bitcoin to be the foundation of value, the starting and ending point of the world's financial system. 
@_date: 2017-03-18 22:39:19
And this, my friends, is why a UASF won't work. Without overwhelming consensus from the economic majority, it can't work. And there are too many powerful figures in the economic majority who lean BU. 
Bitcoin is moving into a new era. But it is not the era we longed or hoped for. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 20:56:14
Actually, the OP is quoting Vinny Lingham. [The full article is here.]( 
@_date: 2016-01-14 16:56:44


The root of oppression that derives from money lies in the fact that money gives some tiny minority absolute power over a society, not because this minority has the majority of money -- as many people simplistically believe -- but because this minority has the ability to create (and destroy) money. This is the fundamental flaw in modern money that Bitcoin addresses.
People who think money is the root of all evil need to ask themselves first what money is. And then when they have answered that they need to ask whether they believe economic activity is inherently evil. If not, then they need to conceive how economic activity can occur absent money. A moneyless society -- if it is even possible or desirable -- is not going to happen overnight. At the very least one requires a stepping stone, one that removes the power of money creation from a tiny elite and returns money to being a neutral score keeper as opposed to an instrument of control over human society. That stepping stone is Bitcoin. Only then can systems of money and tokenization develop, out of this neutral monetary infrastructure, that imply a non-money-based economy. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:57:20


                                        
                                      -- ViaBTC founder and CEO Haipo Yang
The Chinese miners seem relatively clear that their intent is not to block off chain solutions. *Their intent is to raise the block size* -- there's a difference -- and to use their power to filibuster SegWit, and the threat of a hard fork, as leverage to get the Core developers to relent. 
If you want to convince the Chinese miners by appealing to their bottom line, telling them that off-chain technologies will increase their revenue won't suffice. You have to convince them that small blocks + off-chain technologies will increase their profits more than big blocks + off-chain technologies.  
@_date: 2017-03-18 15:23:37
What people need to understand is that it is the Bitcoin mining industry that essentially backs the currency. It puts tremendous upward pressure on the price if Bitcoin becomes over sold. The security model of Bitcoin mining is threefold:
1) **Decentralization** -- keeps miners in check and prevents them from acting maliciously toward the network. The more decentralization, the better. It's fundamental purpose is to secure the ledger from internal attacks. *This security aspect is the one that has been compromised.*
2) **Computational power** -- i.e., hashing power -- prevents outside attackers from being able to generate enough computational power to alter the ledger. It's fundamental purpose is to secure the ledger against external attacks. This security aspect is stronger than ever. 
3) **Economic backing** -- The least understood of the three, PoW translate energy into Bitcoin value and hardware investment locks this value in. It's fundamental purpose is to secure the ledger against economic attacks. 
We have seemingly temporarily lost  but if we attempt to reestablish it by changing the PoW algorithm, we will lose  and  and essentially put Bitcoin on equal footing with altcoins. 
The ASICs mining industry is critical to Bitcoin. I understand that people can't see that right now, but the bottom line is that if you are going to use PoW, companies will eventually take over the mining, regardless of the algorithm you use. As mining competition increases, at some point the costs of electricity outweigh the gains and you are better off simply buying bitcoin through an exchange than spending electricity for it. At that point, even if you have a sweet gaming rig, it makes no economic sense to mine. Only players who have access to cheap electricity can remain viable, and they quickly begin to centralize into businesses and eventually large scale corporations and industry. ASICs had nothing to do with this, the mining algorithm had nothing to do with it, it is simply the reality of using PoW.  
What ASICs did was ensure that the mining that did occur, became Bitcoin specific, rather than being fickle, jumping from one coin to another as GPU miners are apt to do. By being bitcoin specific, investment in bitcoin mining equipment essentially became long term investments in bitcoin itself. An ASIC miner essentially became like a bond, and it helps to lock in the long term value of the currency. Like with fiat currency, which is backed by bonds, Bitcoin became backed by the mining industry. 
You can't remove the mining industry without destroying the value of the currency anymore than you could scrap all of US treasury bonds and expect the dollar not to collapse. And short of moving to proof of stake -- in which case Bitcoin just becomes a weak Ethereum -- the centralizing phenomena we have seen from using sha-256 will only repeat itself. The only movement forward is for more competition in the mining industry to emerge, which I think will happen over time for a variety of reasons I'm not going to go into here. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 06:18:07


I think this is probably why you are under the impressions you just stated. It's relatively common. We are seeing a lot of people who haven't been following closely showing up puzzled why everyone can't just get along, or some variant thereof. 
What you describe, where people argued over technical disagreements was precisely how the scaling debate began . . . years ago. And it was how it played out for years. Core developers and the community would argue over technical disputes concerning the best way to scale Bitcoin. 
Slowly, over time, the frustration that was born out of these technical disputes grew and began to take on more political tones. The disagreements between developers became personal, and more and more of the non-technical community became involved and helped inject non-technical politics into the equation. Conspiracy theories were born, attempts to vilify developers on either side became common, and at some point the Core developers who favored bigger blocks split from Core and tried to fork the network. It was a power play which would result not merely in them getting the technical results they desired, but would allow them control over the development process.  
When they did this, the technical debate really began to fade and the politics of it all exploded to a whole new level. A portion of the community split from the rest and declared their support for the fork. This community became passionate, it became convinced in their own rightness, and so when the effort failed -- and the Core developers who had initiated the attempt in the first place either left in defeat or rage quit and went to work for Wallstreet  bankers -- this community was left with conviction, but without leaders. Their technical disputes with the remaining Core developers had largely given way to a simple hatred for them. Their agenda to raise the block size had almost become secondary next to their desire to remove Core from being in control of development. This community was willing to follow any developers who would lead them, even if those developers were inexperienced and no one had ever heard of them. 
They were determined to try to fork the network again, and they began with a project called Bitcoin Classic. But after one of the leaders of the project gave an interview while clearly high on marijuana or some other drug, support for Classic withered and they shifted to another set of developers who were working on a project called Bitcoin Unlimited. Again, developers no one had heard of and seemingly not much of a threat. 
But what happened was certain powerful figures in the Bitcoin space, not developers but business men, realized they could actually use the divide in the community to advance their own agendas. They got behind the Bitcoin Unlimited project. They promoted it, spending millions on the endeavor, and their ranks included one of the richest men in Bitcoin and some very powerful Chinese miners who controlled large percentages of global hashing power. These powerful figures had their own agenda, but they were able to breath life into the struggling BU project and the dispirited community behind it who were willing to take any help they could get. While they didn't have the numbers behind them, nor the larger development community -- which was almost universally backing the Core scaling road map to one degree or another -- nor the exchanges, nor the majority of the Bitcoin community or the broader economy . . . what they did have was power, money and hashing power. 
The centralization of mining has long been a huge concern for the Bitcoin community. On a couple of occasions this centralization caused panic until the mining community was able to voluntarily decentralize itself. Such moments sort of lulled the community into complacence over the issue, a complacency further strengthened by the increasingly popular theory that the centralization of mining was just a fluke brought on by the ASICs revolution which would eventually resolve itself over time. But no one anticipated that mining power would turn a dying revolt lead by hacks into a serious threat. 
So the community is faced with a question now of what to do about the centralization of mining and the kind of power it can give to a small minority even when the majority opposes it, a very vital question in a decentralized system. The community is also faced with what to do about politics which can be so easily influenced by money and power in a system that wants politics to be automated out of the equation. The community is faced with threats not only from within the Bitcoin community, but from those outside of it who feel they will benefit from Bitcoin's chaos (e.g., altcoin communities). This is a big moment for Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:59:56
Interesting points about Ethereum. I'm not entirely sure I agree with you concerning where the investments are coming from. I think you are certainly correct that a lot of old money is using ether as a hedge against btc. But if you noticed, Ethereum dropped quite a lot today, nearly in concert with Bitcoin. If it were simply old money moving out of btc into eth, why the drop? What this tells me is that new money coming into the space has been splitting their investments between the two coins. With new money becoming aware of seriousness of the crisis over the last couple days -- particularly because of the statement by the exchanges -- and becoming scared, they've stayed out of crypto entirely, and both Bitcoin and Ethereum have suffered. The reason ether didn't drop dramatically faster than bitcoin today was, I think, because old money that is using ether as a btc hedge won't move out until the bitcoin crisis is resolved. So, in short, ether has been enjoying both new and old money moving in.  
You will also notice, by contrast, that Dash went up today. This tells me that Dash has been enjoying its benefits almost entirely due to a flight out of BTC. I think this is partly because Dash claims to have solved the governance issue which is at the heart of the current Bitcoin crisis, and many believers in Bitcoin find Dash much more attractive than Ethereum. They perhaps see Dash as bitcoin 2.0. If bitcoin resolves the crisis, Dash will implode. 
But back to point: if Bitcoin losing its decentralization = danger for you, then I can't imagine a more dangerous time than the one we are facing now. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 21:20:03


Well, Bitcoin development is inherently decentralized, that doesn't change regardless of the outcome of this scaling conflict. It is because anyone can write their own client -- that is why BU even exists -- and that ability will continue to exist regardless of what happens. Supporting Core isn't a support for centralizing development, it is just a vote of confidence in Core's development abilities and road map over BU's. What does change, however, as a result of this conflict -- to a small extent -- is whether the ordinary Joe will have a future voice in development.
 
If users can't afford to run their own client software due to prohibitive costs, and nodes must be housed in data centers, users will have no say in the direction of development because they will not be able to choose which client to run. Only companies who run the data centers will have a say concerning which client to run. Since larger blocks proposed by BU also puts pressure on the network to centralize mining, development decisions will be entirely in the hands of either very large mining firms or large companies capable of running data centers to house nodes. The little guy will get shoved out entirely. So in this regard, supporting BU is tacitly supporting the centralization of development in that nodes -- which ultimately decide which software to run -- become more centralized. 
This raises another issue, which is that if nodes are running different clients, it also introduces the possibility of transactions being lost due to clients falling out of consensus due to different code. This increases the importance of allowing users to actually choose which software they run, because otherwise users have to trust a 3rd party to run a node that isn't going to fall out of consensus. But if users can't afford to run their own nodes, they don't really get to decide. Under this scenario, direct peer-to-peer cash is no longer truly possible for the ordinary user, since he will not be able to access the network without going through and relying upon a trusted third party node.  
Finally, Since BU development essentially operates as a private company with a handful of developers and a proposed president, whereas Core is an open source project in which anyone can participate, the Core development project is intrinsically more decentralized project that BU. This is precisely why Gavin and Hearn quit, because they were frustrated by the decentralization of development and the lack of a leader with final say. 
For all these reasons, from my perspective, supporting BU is essentially supporting the centralization of development. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:55:37


Exactly right. And where do you think the event of a hard fork is coming from? It is coming from the community, it isn't coming from a bug or a design flaw. And . . . reddit is certainly one of the largest hubs of community communication. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 15:29:25
Given the circumstances, there are (apparently) only four options:
* Do nothing. 
* Convince the miners that Core's plan is in their economic interests. 
* Throw the miners a bone in exchange for getting them to change sides.
* Go to war. 
Personally, I think the options of going to war and doing nothing are stupid. But regarding the option of trying to convince them: we would have to massively open up communications with the Chinese community. This is difficult because of the language barriers and Core seems inept in this department. 




-- Haipo Yang, ViaBTC CEO
Communication is desperately needed. Somehow the communities will have to find a way of bridging the communication divide more effectively. Nevertheless, at this stage it probably won't be enough simply trying to convince them. 


It is possible that something will scare the Chinese miners into a more amenable positions -- for example, another huge bug found in BU -- but these days it seems like with each passing day BU is only gaining in strength, and the Chinese miners -- despite their respect for Core's superior coding skills -- are unlikely to listen to anything unless a block size increase is on the table. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:49:42
Andreas is the guy in front. God bless him. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:18:25
In the case of a split, changing the PoW does make sense in the face of overwhelming hashing superiority from BU. However, in a way it is also conceding defeat. 
This is because post-split, BTC's main weapon is the threat of a complete reorg of BU should BTC ever recapture the majority of work. In other words, as long at BTC does not hard fork, there is always the possibility that all transactions that ever existed on BU will completely vanish. This threat is so huge, that it immediately substantially undermines the value of BU, since using BU becomes orders of magnitude more risky. This risk can only be mitigated either because BU has overwhelming hashing superiority, or if BTC hard forks or changes its PoW algorithm in order to protect itself. 
Again, if BTC changes its PoW it is handing the network over to BU and conceding defeat -- a bit like the Chinese government that fled to Taiwan after the Communist takeover (sorry, couldn't help myself, the analogy seems so fitting). But if it instead turtles and attempts to survive BU's fury, it actually has the possibility of winning the war completely, depending on what the economic majority does.
So it really comes down to how much hashing power BU has. If they have a slight advantage, the war can still be won by remaining part of the network. If their advantage is awesome, then a PoW change may be the only option. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:10:31
Good points. I suppose this is why we are screeching toward a hard fork, because deep down many want to know what will happen, whether the system itself will resolve things with a logic that can't be denied by politics. But you write: 


This is where politics comes in. A lot of people are going to have their souls crushed if the miners push BU to become the default client. A lot of people are going to lose faith in Bitcoin. Jihan Wu doesn't seem to care. So I think your underlying assumption that the system is somehow economically designed to incentivize miners to "not impose onto their users" must have a flaw in it somewhere that you aren't detecting. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:48:16
Anyway this can get translated and posted on 8btc?
@_date: 2017-03-20 19:36:26
It is because large miners -- who want to grow their business to massive scale -- simply do not share the same level of concern over the centralization of the network as the rest of us do. It is in their interest to grow, not to limit themselves out of fear that their size may threaten decentralization. This is why miners' interests don't always align with the interests of the whole. 
It is most definitely true that the value of the network depends on decentralization, and that the revenue that miners can get depends on the value of the network. But telling miners to limit growth for the sake of the whole simply isn't going to work. 
So you have to understand this from the perspective of someone who isn't prioritizing decentralization. Once you begin with that assumption, it is relatively clear that the way to maximize big miners' profits isn't large blocks or robust off chain solutions, the way to maximize their profits is to have both, and that is precisely what I think he is saying.  
[In his post]( Jihan makes the analogy to OPAC vs shale. He points out that OPAC was forced to lower the price of oil in order to discourage the expansion of the shale industry. What he is suggesting is that as long as on chain transactions remain cheap, many users, and perhaps use cases, will not feel pressured to use LN. This way miners get the best of both worlds. They encourage more use of block space, their primary product, AND they encourage the adoption of the network for broader use cases like microtransactions. 
And though Jihan does not specifically say this, the critical thing to remember is that if fees are low, people will use the block chain for use cases which can't be accomplished through the use of off chain solutions. So the general idea is that Wu wants to encourage the maximum use of the block chain according to what the free market decides. If a use case prefers LN, so be it, but he doesn't want users to be forced into using LN, and he doesn't want use cases that would otherwise best be served by on chain transactions to be discouraged. 
It really is easy to comprehend his position once you see that decentralization isn't a priority for him. That is why I say he, and the miners who support him, have interests out of alignment with Core, whose primary concern is with preserving the security of the network that comes from decentralization.     
@_date: 2017-03-22 13:49:23
It's about both, not either/or. Money that isn't trusted won't retain value in the long run. But money that isn't useful won't either. This is why it makes sense to me to try to have your cake and eat it too. The logical way to do that is to separate the trust layer from the use layer, so that each are unimpeded by one another, rather than having a single layer competing over its identity and never really truly fulfilling either (trust or use). By separating the two, the trust layer perfectly fulfills inspiring confidence in the currency, while the utility layers make the currency awesome. You can have both. 
People are used to government money, this causes them to take the trust layer of government money for granted -- particularly if they are from Western countries -- when talking about cryptos because they take the government for granted. But if the situation should ever arise, god forbid, that your government becomes unstable or should even collapse, you would quickly see what happens to money when the trust layer isn't solid. For Bitcoin, the trust layer doesn't come from government, it comes from decentralization and the trust that decentralization protects the network from being compromised. If you remove that, the currency will be in peril without something stepping in to replace that trust. BU is hoping that governments and societies will embrace bitcoin, and that by doing so the threats to the network will be minimized. They reason that this is more likely to happen the more useful the block chain is. They may have a point. It isn't either/or. 
Satoshi said that eventually nodes would be housed in data centers. But he also said that that can't happen until society is no longer a threat to Bitcoin. BU thinks you can prevent society from being a threat to Bitcoin by showing them how useful it is, Core thinks you can prevent society from being a threat to Bitcoin by making it impossible for them to take down Bitcoin. BU wants to reach out to society, Core wants to keep Bitcoin's defenses high. It is the traditional split between the military advisor, and the diplomatic advisor. There is probably a middle ground. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 05:37:24
I don't think the issue is that he "resigned from bitcoin" -- to use your words -- but rather that they knew the article was about to be published *before* it actually was. Put simply, they were directly involved, in some way, with the publication of this FUD NY Times article. 
@_date: 2016-03-08 15:17:33
And people really want to listen to these guys over what changes should or should not be made to the core protocol?
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:16:17
It is good to see someone outlining your side's concerns sensibly. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:51:51


Even the big blockers acknowledge this. To quote Gavin again:


-- [Gavin Andresen, 2015]( 
Big blockers like Gavin see no problem with the loss of decentralization. They point to the fact that decentralization has already been lost in mining and Bitcoin is doing fine. 
But in my view, it's not doing fine, and the centralization of mining is essentially what got us here in the first place. Having single individuals like Jihan Wu with near single handed control over an issue like the block size debate and controlling who gets to develop Bitcoin is a case in point. And it could potentially get worse with time, until mining centralization is such that Bitcoin essentially becomes controlled by private corporations. 
Gavin doesn't seem to have a problem with this. You don't need to go into conspiracy theories about why, Gavin's naivety is well known, and I think his naivety drives his view on this issue. However, I think today's SEC decision demonstrates how hostile the establishment is toward Bitcoin. Perhaps one day this won't be the case and we can rely on data centers, but until that day, relying on that kind of centralization only makes Bitcoin all the more easily captured or destroyed before it ever gains mainstream adoption. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:06:21
The problem is that this may set precedent whereby the miners always get to choose who the developers are and what the code should be. That's not exactly decentralized, and how would you ever strip this power from them? Bitcoin would be all but a private corporation. 
I think politics is a hell of a lot better than that, at least the politicians must listen to all their constituents. The problem we are facing now, however, is that the politicians aren't actually listening to their constituents. 
But I would much rather have an open source project which anyone can participate in at the heart of Bitcoin, than a closed source, essentially private company, in charge of the protocol. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 05:09:26
From that same post:


@_date: 2017-03-22 14:34:38


Exactly. And that is how money works in the real world.
The fees are too high. But this is a temporary situation due to the impasse we face. Once -- if -- this impasse is traversed, bitcoin transactions will become extremely cheap, regardless of what the actual solution ends up being. The question is, since the utility and payment layers are going to exist no matter what the outcome of this debate, once they are there will the current fees on the trust layer still be considered too high? If we lower the fees on what is eventually going to become the trust layer, we may actually discover that the fees are too low for the trust layer to function well in its capacity as a trust layer. It is difficult to assess this without the payment layers actually existing, but they can't exist to their real potential until we get past this impasse. 
@_date: 2017-03-18 01:27:15
It's quite simple really: the exchanges scared the market into thinking a hard fork is likely to happen.
You have to remember that many investors don't follow this debate very closely. They were under the impression the debate was purely a technical one that would sort itself out eventually. This public statement by the exchanges made them realize it is more serious than that.  
@_date: 2017-03-18 14:19:00


Well that's reassuring to hear, I guess . . . given Vitalik's absolute power over Ethereum. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:01:12
But Coinbase can't sit back and let market forces play out without intervention, anything they do is intervention. If they choose to list BU as BTC before the other exchanges, that's intervention. If they choose to list Core as BTC no matter what, that's intervention. If they choose to confer with the other exchanges about how the listings should work, that's intervention, if they choose to halt all exchange activity, that's intervention. If they choose to list whichever coin has the longest chain, that's intervention. If they choose to list whichever coin has majority economic support, that's intervention. Any choice they make will shape the fate of outcomes. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:06:01
Let's assume BTU begins with 75% of the hashing power. 


-- Sun Tzu, The Art of War
1) Jihan Wu and Roger Ver are going to begin the effort to crush BTC by selling probably nearly half a billion dollars of BTC for BTU.
2) Simultaneous with the price of BTC getting crushed, BTU miners will initiate a sustained 51% attack against BTC causing complete panic.
3) With the price completely obliterated, the price of BTU way up, and half the BTU hashing power occupied with attacking BTC (making mining BTU very profitable), BTC miners are going to start switching to BTU, leaving an already weak chain completely vulnerable. 
4) Mining itself is essentially a way of purchasing bitcoin. When all the hashing power is on one chain, the sum costs of that mining power = the amount of purchasing going on from mining. Meaning the hashing power IS driving up the price. Hashing power doesn't simply follow the price, it drives it up.
5) We are on the verge of the next great hype cycle. Tons of new money -- way more than what the community is currently capable of generating -- could potentially be moving into the space, money from people who don't really share our values or concerns, money that is going to be attracted to power -- something they understand -- not to the ideals of decentralization.
6) Exchanges that already lean BU, exchanges like Coinbase, are going to feel justified in calling BTU "Bitcoin" in light of its overwhelming advantage. All the other exchanges will feel pressured to follow suit. 
Whether it plays out this way, we have to recognize that it is a very real possibility.
@_date: 2017-03-17 08:04:51
You are right. But you have to realize that Bitcoin is at this impasse -- an impasse that all networks will eventually face -- precisely because it has been so successful. 
The impasse is the point where the theoretical and technical design bumps up against the economic priorities of certain powerful players in the ecosystem. Altcoins enjoy the fact that there aren't any powerful interests groups in their ecosystems because the networks as of yet haven't been valuable enough to give rise to this. Consequently, the developers of those altcoins are free to innovate to their heart's content without friction. But once an altcoin becomes large enough -- usually because the innovation was quite good -- and once there is a lot of money at stake for the various players within its ecosystem, those players will increasingly demand to have a say in how things go. They will want to insure development meets their priorities and is aligned with their interests. And as more of these interest groups arise, often with priorities that dramatically conflict with one another, politics will enter the equation. 
Many of the altcoins are going through hype cycles which represents a new quick expansion of value that will bring with it many challenges and crises for these coins. Ethereum's last hype cycle brought the DAO hack. Bitcoin's last hype cycle concluded with Mt Gox. When the market value of these coins expands very rapidly, their ecosystems are tested to the limit and weak links in the chain are broken. Mt Gox was perfectly fine for Bitcoin in its infancy, but once the market cap reached a certain point such a shady exchange couldn't survive, so it imploded.  
For Bitcoin, the scaling debate isn't merely over technical disagreements, it is a debate over how do you scale the entire ecosystem itself, when it involves so many players of competing ideologies and economic priorities. It is a new question for crypto in general, no one has gone here before with so much power vying to influence its direction. Bitcoin stares into the unknown, and being leaderless it depends on a kind of organic resolution to this problem. Perhaps cryptocurrencies require a leader, that was certainly what Mike Hearn thought. We will find out.
@_date: 2017-03-19 07:30:15
Thank you for this. 
After seeing Andrew Destantis's [tweet storm]( and recovering from the horror of it all, it suddenly hit me that Bitcoin has already effectively lost its low-tier decentralization. Once I realized this, the whole scaling debate seemed to lose importance, the small blocker position now seems like an effort to stop something that has already occurred. 
Mining centralization is inevitable because of how PoW works. Eventually mining becomes so competitive, that only miners with access to cheap electricity and economics of scale can actually mine at a cost basis lower than purchasing directly through exchanges. Eventually, mining from home becomes economically illogical, and mining companies take over the industry.  
But it's not just mining. When the UASF idea was proposed, it became clear that not all nodes are created equal, that their relative importance is dependent on their economic power. Since anyone can fire up a node and sybil, for nodes to ever resist changes they don't agree with, the economic weight of that node is essentially what counts. So even though nodes have not literally been confined to data centers yet, there is an inherent tendency in the system toward that conclusion.
So if these centralization pressures have largely already played out, or will inevitably play out, what exactly are we fighting so hard against? How exactly are 1mb blocks going to prevent Jihan Wu, when Jihan Wu already exists?
What we are talking about here are [economies of scale]( In our effort to preserve decentralization, we have been trying to fight these natural laws of economics. We wanted to preserve decentralization at the lower-tier, when the reality is that decentralization is going to have to move to the upper-tier. From here on, decentralization will come from companies competing, and eventually governments competing. The reason mining is so centralized right now, it seems to me, is because China was the first out of the gate and the first to take Bitcoin mining seriously. But as the industry becomes quite serious, competitors will arise, and governments will perhaps begin to subsidize them. 
This kind of centralization means that Bitcoin will be vulnerable to capture. But we are already there, this is what is taking place before our very eyes. Which means either Bitcoin is a failed experiment, or perhaps we are seeing a preview of the larger movie that will play out for years. Roger Ver was perhaps onto something when he suggested Bitcoin's security must come from society beginning to adopt it, because once Bitcoin's security is all coming from companies, if society doesn't embrace these companies, Bitcoin is screwed.  
In other words, if we accept that economies of scale apply to Bitcoin's infrastructure, then it is going to require a market cap orders of magnitude larger than it is today to survive. That kind of market cap will comes from Power having its hands all over Bitcoin, and Power fighting to control it. If Power becomes unified in its commitment to destroy Bitcoin, then the exchanges and their nodes will be taken down, and the mining facilities will be turned off. And that is the moment where we turn our eyes to proof of stake, for we will realize that although Bitcoin can survive such a crisis, she will never be able to grow beyond it, never become global, since her growth depends on economics of scale which makes her vulnerable to Power. 
On the other hand, if Power ends up fighting over Bitcoin, if China, for example, realizes Bitcoin is the future and they are at the leading edge and promotes it, striking fear into the hearts of other societies, then the decentralization of Bitcoin will persist, and as long as one society embraces it, all will. When people see the massive mining facilities, Power struggling over it, governments coveting it, the industry of it all, there will be no more talk about monopoly money. Societies will struggle to protect their interests in the block chain, rather than seeking to ban it. They will compete to promote it, rather than hold it back. 
Bitcoin will either cease to exist, or be the only, or one of just a few, PoW block chains. There is simply not enough industry to go around for new coins. PoW depends on real life resources, and as the big coins get bigger, start up coins won't be able to inspire any confidence without the backing of such industry anymore than a new car company can expect to compete with the big dogs. New coins will all be confined to PoS, or attach themselves to the existing block chains. 
In other words, since PoW always results in economics of scale, and since the decentralization of large industry depends on corporate level competition, the torch of Bitcoin's survival is going to pass from us, its early adopters and stewards of its nascence, to the larger world of finance and power who will decide its fate. 
Because of all this, unless I am missing something vital or have flaws in my reasoning, I believe it is pointless to continue to fight against the inevitable and accept that the big blockers have won. Now we must do our best to help Bitcoin survive this new era of Power.
The next hype cycle is about to begin. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:07:14
The two chains can't exist competing over the same hashing power. The minority chain will be too vulnerable to attack from the majority chain to sustain any confidence in its value. And in the case when the minority chain chooses to wait it out and not hard fork, the majority chain will be existentially threatened by the presence of the minority chain and the possibility of being orphaned should the minority chain ever regain the lead, resulting in an inevitable sustained 51% attack in the effort to destroy it. This isn't ETH/ETC here, this is Bitcoin. It is actually one of the beautiful things about Bitcoin. It is designed to preserve its unity. 
Therefore, there are only two real choices out of the four given (noticeably absent is the option to compromise and avoid this scenario all together). Either concede to BU or change the PoW algorithm. 
*But both of these options are really just the same thing.* In both cases the existing Bitcoin network is conceded to BU. The only difference being that the PoW change option additionally creates a new altcoin with peoples existing bitcoin balances attached. The only hope at that point for Core is that the exchanges will opt to name this altcoin, "Bitcoin." But that is highly unlikely to happen. 
People severely underestimate how much of Bitcoin's value comes from the massive mining infrastructure built around it. They believe the value is coming from hype and network effects alone. They're wrong, and this mistake is causing them to grossly overestimate Core's chances in a scenario where all the infrastructure value is left with the BU network and Core exits with none. Hype can create bubbles, like the one we see in Dash now, or the one we saw in bitcoin in 2013. Hype then inspires infrastructure growth which gives it sustained value over time, when this value reaches a critical point, a new hype cycle begins with a launch point from the current intrinsic value of the current network. 
But if there is a split, and Core changes the PoW algo -- leaving it with a coin that has no infrastructure backing -- Bitcoin Core will have next to no intrinsic value, Core is going to be entirely dependent on hype to keep its value from eroding and will have to rebuild what took Bitcoin years to accomplish. Core is going to be an altcoin where the only thing going for it are the reputation of the Core developers, a reputation that will be irreparably harmed by the fact that they allowed this scenario to unfold in the first place. Such an altcoin will have about as much chance as zcash to regain its place as the top cryptocurrency. With BU preserving the network's infrastructure, it will preserve a lot of its value, and it will end up preserving the name "bitcoin." This is how Bitcoin was designed. It was designed around hashing power. You don't have the hashing power, you are going to lose. 
The Core developers need to retain control of the development process of Bitcoin. They need to find ways of implementing soft forks that give more power to nodes, and they need to use that power to make Bitcoin more resistant to the bullying of mining cartels. (And we need to hope that the next hype cycle will bring with it more mining competition.) They can't do any of this if they lose control of the development process entirely to the BU devs. Assuming BU actually gets a clear majority of the hashing power, then at that point Core needs to accept that they have lost the battle so that they can continue to fight the larger war. The only way to lose the battle without losing control of the development process is to offer a compromise. The miners will accept, they would prefer the Core devs to remain in control of development because of their high level of competence. I'm not buying the PBoC conspiracy theories, not with Ethereum in play threatening to be the tool of Western powers. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 07:20:52
BU is the bug.
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:32:22


He is talking about Bitcoin as a **fiat** currency. It is a straw man argument. Bitcoin isn't fiat, therefore it has lost in his mind from starting gate. It is like an expert in horses declaring the automobile will never work as a horse, and then everyone taking him seriously because he is a renown expert in horses. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:21:55
I'm curious, do you know whether Craig Wright provided proof of owning the private keys to any early addresses?
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:04:32
I'm seeing a lot of black and white on all sides . . . 
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:16:20
Don't you mean, "We . . . Wu?"
@_date: 2017-03-05 06:56:13
They are paying the miners around $7,000. I think most people would consider that a financial transaction . . . 
@_date: 2017-03-02 05:14:16
They are unhappy because they don't feel represented in Core. It's essentially government without representation, from their perspective.  
Personally, I think Core has solutions, not only for short term on-chain scaling, but long term as well. I think the r/btc faction is actually engaged in an effort -- consciously or not -- to prevent Bitcoin from scaling precisely so that they can blame Core for it, and I believe ultimately their goal has nothing to do with scaling. Ver can say he doesn't like Core's scaling solutions because they are too slow, but to me that is just politics, because it is obvious that the amount of time wasted on the stalemate caused by his faction is postponing scaling far longer than if Core were just allowed to do their thing. It is a bit like a man who wants a plane ticket to Zurich that takes a shorter route and ends up waiting a week until he gets it. So it seems self-evident, to me, that changing the makeup of the development team is the goal of the r/btc faction. But the *reason* they want to change the makeup of the development team is because they don't trust them and they don't feel the current Core team understands or appreciates their concerns. I think this problem was exacerbated when their two main champions, Gavin and Hearn, exited Core, leaving them with the feeling that there was no one within Core who actually represented their concerns -- whether this feeling is warranted or not. 
What the blocksize war has demonstrated, beyond any doubt at this point, is that Bitcoin is inherently a political structure, and this simply is not going to go away, no matter how the debate ends. It really doesn't matter what side we are on, or whether we are right or wrong about any particular matter. The issue is that there are parties who disagree, and if those parties do not feel they have a voice that is reflected in the leadership, they will rebel. That is what is happening.
What we require is a leadership that reflects all sides. That is the compromise people are looking for. If today Core caved and increased the block size and proposed a hard fork it wouldn't stop the civil war. A compromise in the code alone will not be enough, there must be a compromise in the leadership structure. I don't like it, but it is the only way I see forward. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 15:26:19
You are right. But Roger is also effectively manipulating the market of the altcoins he has diversified into -- wittingly or not -- by promoting a crisis in Bitcoin while simultaneously informing the community of which altcoins he has diversified into. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 05:30:54


-- [Hal Finney]( 2010
@_date: 2017-03-15 05:05:00
Anyone is free to join Core. Not sure their code would pass peer review though . . . 
@_date: 2017-03-15 18:42:26
His name is Michael Toomin. [Here's the link]( to the interview and section where he talks about having been high while confronting the Core devs. To my hearing, he sounds stoned during the interview as well. Suffice to say, I think this interview gave many people pause about the prospect of handing the development of Bitcoin to these guys. 
@_date: 2016-01-30 15:45:23
I think the important things missing from teamWater's point of view were:
1) TeamWater believes that the method teamShelter is using to hastily build shelter will result in many deaths. Perhaps they are attempting to build the shelter in a cave that requires mountain climbing skills to reach. Many less able citizens, children, the elderly, will slip, fall, and die. Furthermore, because they have neglected to worry about water, many will starve to death. 
2) TeamWater believes the well they are digging itself can be used as shelter, at least well enough to safely survive the storm. Not only do you get water, you also get shelter and, more importantly, you buy the time to build a safer, more robust shelter than the hastily proposed shelter advocated by teamShelter. 
So from teamWater's perspective, they are killing both birds with one stone, win win, whereas teamShelter's proposal is both dangerous and leaves one bird unaccounted for entirely. 
I think it is because of this that teamWater believes that teamShelter's real goal is not to provide shelter, since teamWater is doing that, but rather to create the kind of fear, uncertainty, and doubt that will fragment the community. This fragmentation affords the possibility of a shift in power, as more people, being afraid, side with the charismatic leaders of teamShelter who are offering immediate safety. These charismatic leaders will eventually have so many followers that they can storm teamWater, remove the leadership, and force the community back into consensus under their new leadership. TeamWater suspects this is the real motive behind teamShelter's urgency and FUD. 
I do agree with previous posters that viewing the whole debate in terms of there being an urgent problem that teamWater is ignoring because they have their own priorities is, most definitely, the narrative of teamShelter, and as such your story was a bit more in their camp, for sure. 
Nevertheless, I understand what you are trying to accomplish, and I think there is truth in the view that both camps have genuine intentions and that the way forward is to integrate the insights from both sides, rather than maintain this conflict. 
 
@_date: 2017-03-09 05:10:04
Thanks for you response and kind words. Prepare for another long response. The tl;dr version is I agree with all you have said and wish only to clarify my position. I am not a supporter of BU. 


Do I think BU is the answer? Absolutely not, for the reasons you gave. It is important for us to remember that Core is an open source project which anyone with the skill can join. The guys who code it are elite, because everyone in their peer group recognizes that. They don't get the job because they are hired, they get the job because they are the best. It takes months for even experienced programmers to grasp the basics of the Bitcoin Core software, never mind achieve the kind of subtle intuitive understanding that comes from a deep knowledge of all the parts, how they interrelate, and the implications each part has to one another. Members of Core have been obsessed with crypto and digital currency since long before Bitcoin even existed, and they were direct colleagues of Satoshi himself. These guys are geniuses, who can doubt that, and their priorities, from my vantage point, are spot on. I think, for the most part, they understand Bitcoin not just technically, but philosophically. There have been some Core developers I've been dubious of, particularly Mike Hearn, but now he is gone -- and the manner of his departure, working for R3, to me completely vindicated my suspicions. I was also suspicious of Gavin and still am. So I guess you could call me a strong Core supporter. And the founder of Blockstream, Adam Back, is someone I particularly admire, being the founder of PoW and having what I think is a deeper appreciation for what money is than most developers. 
To me, handing Bitcoin over to BU would be like trading some of the most talented developers in the world for the developers of Doge coin. The last thing we need is to turn Bitcoin into a private corporation under the control of Roger Ver and Jihan Wu. 
So you have to keep my previous comments in that context.
Having said all this, I can't completely trust my own opinions. And I can't believe that there isn't some wisdom in the opposing side's views. I gave the Blockstream case as an example. My inclination is to simply ignore this concern, to dismiss it as conspiratorial nonsense. But when you think about it clearly, you can see that there is quite a bit of logic to their concern. It is a concern about corruption, and even if the reality is benign, the principle is sound, and what seems benign today can become ugly tomorrow. The point is, they have a point. And they have many points, none of which we are listening to because the two sides are in a state of demonizing one another. Bitcoin would be much stronger, I feel, if it could incorporate all views, particularly minority views, rather than simply trying to stamp them out. 
The problem I have with using hard forks to resolve differences are many, but one of them is my concern that Bitcoin becomes a tyranny of the majority (i.e., of hashing power), incapable of absorbing minority views to help it evolve beyond what any one individual or faction anticipates on their own. But in order to achieve this kind of flexibility, development has to be capable of including developers of varying philosophies, and the developers have to be willing to listen to the concerns of the larger community. 
My post about the "social IQ" of the Core developers was meant to point out that most of them aren't leaders . . . and yet they find themselves in leadership positions. Luke-jr stabbing the miners in the back is a case in point. A good leader would never have done that. He eroded trust in Core and turned the Chinese miners against them, how did this help anything? It is as if Luke-jr actually wanted to promote chaos. We are in this crisis because of reckless actions like that from someone who is a genius with code, but clueless about politics or intentionally playing a very dangerous game. What we needed was someone like Andreas Antonopoulos in the room, someone capable of communicating to the larger community what took place, what the terms of the agreement were, why they made sense, and helping the community to hold both sides to account. It is precisely this kind of communication that will keep Bitcoin resilient to political fragmentation or the recklessness of individuals.
Bitcoin is a technological, economic, and *political* system. The latter of which only now are many bitcoiners beginning to appreciate. As a political system, it is just as vulnerable to political attack as it is to other forms of attack. By ignoring this we leave the system with a blind spot. Even the Core developers favor eventually increasing the block size. They prefer to do that only after Segwit and 2nd layer scaling solutions have played out, among other reasons so that they can measure the effects. This is what their logic tells them is smartest. But that logic doesn't include the political factor in its equation, the dangers of politics can't be measured in the code. Raising the block size now along with implementing segwit may seem reckless at the pure development level, but to not do so presents an even more dangerous form of political recklessness, capable of doing even more damage to Bitcoin's future by allowing the scaling debate to get out of control. 
Ideally the Core developers wouldn't need to include politics in their equations as you said, they should only be concerned with what they think is best for the code. But the reality is they are in leadership positions, the reality is they are in political roles, like it or not, and if they aren't capable in this capacity, then we need to find some other way to provide Bitcoin with the leadership it desperately needs, some way other than relying on people like Luke-jr.


The point is that society believes economics is a science, even if it isn't, in a way not dissimilar to how we believe coding is a science. There are scientific aspects to both, though I think neither truly constitute science. Both, however, require a great deal of learning and intelligence. What I think is happening is we are moving from an age where the merchant class became the dominant power in the world (after replacing the aristocracy) -- with bankers representing the ultimate elite -- to one where the engineering/technology class is becoming the dominant power. 
During the feudal era we placed our faith in theology. Back then few people could read, mostly only the priests, and they seemed like experts, with incredible knowledge, who knew best. They told the people that the Bible taught that land owners had the divine right, given by God, to rule. In the merchant era we placed our faith in economics, equally as obscure to the masses as theology was in its respective age, which made us believe that science demanded that bankers had the right to rule, less everything would fall apart. In the engineering era we will worship code -- again, completely obscure to the masses -- and almost every aspect of our lives will be dependent on it. Our faith in those with the elite knowledge of code will tell us that the Vitaliks have the right to rule. But the principle, in all ages, is similar. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 03:18:54
I hear you. 
Now consider: If it is a big deal because it is laying the foundation for a global central bank -- that would be assuming it will eventually use its own currency, perhaps the SDR -- one that could ultimately replace national central banks, then it it is actually in direct competition with Bitcoin, for what Bitcoin is in its essence is a global central bank. What you are describing as far as users having direct access to the currency, the fact that using the system in Bitcoin's case is permissionless, and other various benefits for "regular people," are just the advantages of Bitcoin, it doesn't change the fact that Bitcoin will be in competition with the banking system. 
It is possible in the not too distant future that the world will conclude a global currency is necessary. I think many would argue that the cracks in the global economy we are seeing today in large part stem from the currency wars that are the product of national currencies competing in a global economy they weren't really designed for. So a global currency and settlement system may very well be sought, particularly if there is a global financial crisis that undermines faith in the legacy system. Though it may seem inconceivable today, in tomorrow's world Bitcoin could very well be recognized as that solution. This Bitcoin would obviously be something the banks feel comfortable with and likely wouldn't quite match our present idea of Bitcoin. (I fear this current debate shows how vulnerable Bitcoin is to eventually being captured by the banking system, in fact that might be partly what is going on now!) Another solution, however, one that is probably more likely, would be for the bankers to propose their own global currency, perhaps the SDR (which is a basket of the world's most popular national currencies). Then they just port the SDR into the R3 system and they are green to go! Or something like that. I'm sure they are thinking along these lines, central bankers are well aware that the current system is in crisis. 
@_date: 2016-01-18 19:55:06
Money and an accounting ledger, for all intents and purposes here, are the same thing. If bank A wants to pay bank B money without using cash, there are two ways of doing this. 1) Bank A can have an account with bank B and money can be deducted from bank A's account or 2) Banks A and B can participate in a shared accounting ledger which will determine their relative balances.
Right now that shared ledger is called the central bank. Because bank A and bank B both have accounts with the central bank they can transfer money between themselves by simple adjusting the numbers. It is because of this special ability to act as a shared ledger between banks, a score keeper as it were, that the numbers associated with central bank accounts are considered a more real form of money(i.e., base money) than the numbers in commercial bank accounts. Banks can control their own ledgers and won't necessarily trust other banks to do so honestly. But all banks can trust the shared ledger, central banks, which is why the numbers associated with the shared ledger become the base currency. 
Put simply, the numbers in whichever ledger is used to settle accounts between banks becomes the unit of base money in the society. All other money, for example the numbers in commercial bank accounts, are a form of credit that ultimately derive their value from the base currency. 
What this means, then, is that if R3's intended use is to act as a clearing house or settlement system between the banks, regardless of whether R3 uses fiat currency or not, it is still replacing central bank reserves as the base currency of society. That is huge. If the numbers associated with the shared ledger are not meant to represent any existing fiat currency or basket thereof, these numbers will still be valuable, each number representing a unit of wealth, and as the settlement layer they will become a new, global currency. If they are fiat, then they become the new base money of the fiat system. 
There is no way around it, R3 is a big deal even. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:50:23
Pretty much, yes. There is no truly neutral position in this situation.
@_date: 2017-03-05 07:46:16
Correct me if I am wrong, but it seems like Ver really belongs in Ethereum more than Bitcoin. And I don't just mean because he prioritizes speed and low fees over concerns about centralization pressure and the loss of immutability, but because proof of stake turns the currency into something that resembles owning shares of a company, and Roger really seems to believe his large bitcoin holdings should translate into power over the development decisions regarding the network in a way that would be natural if bitcoins actually did represents shares of a company.  
But because Bitcoin separates immediate influence over the network from ownership of the currency itself, and because it isn't actually modeled after corporations in quite the way a proof of stake network seems to be, Roger has been forced to use his money indirectly to try to gain the direct influence he seeks (e.g., starting his own mining pool). You can almost sense his frustration with this, his sense of entitlement, and his outrage that he isn't being treated like a large and important stakeholder of a fortune 500 company (particularly when he was moderated out of r/bitcoin). If he were dealing with Ethereum, and it were Ethereum rather than Bitcoin he was largely invested in, the whole matter would be much more simple for him as he would already have much of the power he seeks from his stake holdings alone since ownership of coins simultaneously provides what is roughly the equivalent of hashing power in Bitcoin.
It just seems like what Roger wants already exists, it just isn't Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-03-04 20:02:50
I agree with the others who have argued that an indefinite inflation subsidy wouldn't destroy Bitcoin from a purely economic standpoint. It would, obviously, harm trust in the system which does have economic implications, however. 
But just to argue from a pure economic perspective for a moment: It is my opinion that in Proof of Work systems, the increasing money supply does not translate into downward pressure on the value of the currency (i.e., inflation). This is because miners are required to pay for electricity and hardware in order to acquire the newly minted bitcoin. Put simply, miners are buying the new bitcoin, ultimately no different from how you and I buy bitcoin on an exchange. And just exactly in the way whenever someone purchases bitcoin -- on an exchange, or through Local Bitcoins, or in any other way -- this purchase places upward pressure on the price, so too when miners mine bitcoin -- because they are essentially buying bitcoin -- they are also placing upward pressure on the price. This upward pressure on the price more or less completely counteracts the downward pressure that comes from the increased money supply. The result is that the newly created bitcoins have no impact on the price one way or the other. In contrast, in a proof of stake, like the one Ethereum plans to use, since newly minted coins are not paid for, the inflation of the currency does actually translate into downward price pressure. 
Once the inflation subsidy ends, the downward pressure on the price from a growing money supply will also end. But, simultaneously, demand for the currency will be less than it otherwise would have been if the subsidy persisted, since you are lowering the profitability of mining, and the amount of upward price pressure that comes from the demand to purchase the block reward. 
Overall, bitcoin mining protects the value of the currency. This is because a miner is essentially promising to purchase an amount of bitcoin over a relatively long period of time. They represent a constant source of demand and buying pressure. Particularly because Bitcoin mining requires sha-256 ASICs, people who purchase bitcoin mining equipment commit themselves to specifically bitcoin over this period as they cannot easily switch coins on a whim the way a GPU miner might. 


The price of fees is determined by the supply and demand for block inclusion. Because block space is a scarce resource, miners' earning from fees will always be determined by the demand for block inclusion, regardless of what the supply is. Supply simply determines what the fee per individual transaction will be. But the aggregate value from fees per block will be the same whether there are less transactions with higher fees, or more transactions with lower fees. 
The problem is that block space is an inherently scarce resource. The scarcity comes from the engineering and technological constraints on the block chain. If you press beyond those constraints, at some point you break the block chain. Remove decentralization from a block chain and it ceases to be a block chain, just as an airplane ceases to be an airplane if you remove its wings. Decentralization is what causes the system to possess inherent scarcity.
So while you can stretch the supply to whatever extent doesn't destroy the block chain, eventually demand will outpace supply and fees will go up. As fees go up, demand begins to erode, and eventually you will reach a limit to growth. If you attempt to solve this by stretching supply beyond what the block chain can handle, it breaks and demand vanishes. So ultimately you can't get around the supply problem. There's a limited amount. It will grow over time, but never enough. In order for this commodity to be used, and for demand for it to grow, the system will need layered solutions to maximize the use of this scarce resource. We aren't going to get there by pretending the scarcity doesn't exist. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 21:19:50
This is a fantastic article, well worth reading. 
@_date: 2016-01-28 01:32:58
The moment the Fed raised interest rates I started shorting the market. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 08:25:42


Even assuming LN is centralized (I don't think that's right), the solution to fears over centralized payment layers is not to make the base layer, i.e., Bitcoin, centralized. What difference does it make if the higher layers are centralized or not if one company controls all the mining in the world? That's R3. That is a private block chain. There is no future for Bitcoin that way. The ideal, to me, is a decentralized base layer, and decentralized, higher, payment layers that allow Bitcoin to scale. The insistence that the base layer itself scale to unrealistic levels is really just the insistence that Bitcoin become a private block chain. 
The fact is, I trust the experts when they say that raising the block size will centralize mining. It just doesn't scale, so there is no point in covering our eyes and closing our ears and pretending it does. What is this, climate change? The problem is that instead of listening to the devs when they say it doesn't scale, many people would rather believe in a conspiracy theory to explain why the devs are saying it doesn't scale. They'd rather believe that the devs are just telling us that because they secretly want everyone to be forced to use LN. 
And I think that one of the main reasons why they've gone down this conspiracy theory road is because that's precisely what they were told by a developer they trusted, namely Mike Hearn. But Mike Hearn wanted to turn Bitcoin into R3!!! He didn't care if Bitcoin centralized because that is exactly what he wanted, that's what R3 is. When he saw Bitcoin refuse to centralize, he went and decided to work on a projected that was centralized. But unfortunately, people have forgotten that he was the one that convinced them in the first place, they were mislead into hating the core devs, and now they think this hatred is their own.
If one's concerns are simply that fees be low and transactions smooth and fast for the average user -- if this is what one imagines will primarily compel adoption (I think that is naive, but whatever) -- then off-chain solutions will be a better solution regardless of whether we raise the block size or not. The only way to achieve a truly silky smooth experience, at super low fees, is through off-chain solutions anyway. Raising the block size doesn't remove 10 minute confirmations, raising the block-size doesn't change the fact that on-chain transactions are clunky. So this is not about user adoption. At least not average-joe adoption. Most users won't know or care that they are on or off-chain. This is about something else. 
Decentralization of the base layer is far more important to Bitcoin's success than I think you guys appreciate. After all, it is the only thing that ultimately will differentiates Bitcoin from its private block chain competitors, and it is ultimately what will establish the kind of profound trust in the currency that is necessary for Bitcoin to truly become big. 
I am very concerned that this current rush to hand Bitcoin over to a new set of developers is the result of the fear and the frustration that many have developed for the core devs over the past 6 months. The Reddit Horde has became so convinced that they were the enemy, rather than pause and consider what is really going on here, particularly after Hearn's fall, they are doubling down and rushing to lynch the core devs even faster than before. 
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:31:59
OK, after reading your comment I have to admit that democratizing development sounds like a pretty terrible idea. Nevertheless, I don't think our reliance on hashing power alone is much better because it favors one interest group at the expense of all others. Somehow, all interest groups much be represented in the code, and I think that the framework for that is basically already there, but nodes are far too vulnerable, in my opinion, in their current state. 
When you write: 


That is, from my angle, precisely the situation we will have if hashing power alone dictates what is Bitcoin and a single industry -- i.e, the mining industry -- is able to bully everyone else into submission. This is irrespective of whether miners are decentralized as long as their interests are singular.  
For instance: if miners end up the sole "deciders" of what becomes the core protocol, if it were to become clear to everybody that that is how the system works, then it's inevitable that one day the 21 million cap will be lifted -- despite the fact that this goes against the will of many other parties -- because no matter how high the fees, miners can always make more by keeping a subsidy in place (as long as that subsidy doesn't fundamentally undermine confidence in the currency). 
Imagine a scenario where you have five different development teams all working on separate implementations of the core protocol. Imagine in this scenario miners have the sole authority over which protocol gets implemented. Now one of these teams has added a permanent subsidy to the code. The miners, seeing the profit to be made by having such, elect this team's code to become the new protocol (perhaps after funding a very vigorous marketing campaign promoting the benefits of inflation to the public, who at that point are far less educated or concerned than contemporary bitcoiners). Seeing that the miners want this, the other development teams have no choice but to implement this protocol change in their own clients if they ever expect their clients to gain miner support. Iterate this scenario several times involving different issues, each time the issue being resolved by whatever code favors the miners most, and eventually it will become apparent that only code that favors miners will win, and all protocol code will thereof uniformly concern itself to this end in the competition to gain miners' approval. 
In that scenario, you have multiple development teams -- in that sense development is decentralized -- but a singular interest group so that the net effect is the same as if you simply had one development team whose sole purpose was to code a protocol favorable to the mining industry. And, in fact, it is likely that under this scenario eventually you would just end up with one development team anyway -- as everyone eventually recognized the futility of doing anything other than what the miners want -- and developers of Core would simply be hired according their technical competence and willingness to implement the mining industry's will.
The fact is, it doesn't matter how decentralized the mining industry is, as long as their concerns are uniform they represent a single interest group. The problem is, Bitcoin isn't made up of simply one interest group. And just because keeping the subsidy may be in the miners' interests, it certainly isn't in long term investors' interests. How does the network achieve a way of representing all interest groups? How does it maintain the decentralization of interest group power over the fate of the network?  
@_date: 2017-03-09 19:05:10
The issue isn't about naming conventions. The issue is that as long as the network has two different clients with two different defined block limits, if the network ever switches to the client with the higher defined limit, and then at a later point switches back to the client with the lower limit, the transactions that occurred when the higher limit was in place will vanish. 
In other words, bitcoin completely loses its trustworthiness because as long as the client with the higher block size limit represents the valid chain, yet the client with the lower limit is still competing over hashing power, there is always the possibility for the network to revert to the client with the lower limit, erasing transactions that happened while the client with the higher limit was in place. No transaction will represent the secure transfer of value, and the network as a whole will be vulnerable to attack by actors who simply generate enough hashing power to support the lower limit client. 
Imagine, for example, that BU becomes the valid client due to having the longest chain, and yet Core continues to have strong support. If you at that point sold 100 bitcoins at an exchange for US dollars, if Bitcoin were to revert to Core, you would still be holding the ~$120,000, but the exchange would be holding nothing because the transaction would be erased from ever having happened. 
No exchange is going to accept a currency that could literally disappear overnight. No one would. Bitcoin would die. 
This is why you can't have competing clients that are out of consensus with one another. 
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:07:57
If the direction of the network ends up being dictated by miners -- a situation that a BU win would set precedence for -- then it is inevitable that the supply cap will eventually be removed, for the very simple reason that having a subsidy is in miners' interests. It really doesn't matter what Rizun says, if the miners get to dictate code, and hard forks are found to work toward this end, then that code will eventually be whatever serves miners' interests most. A constant small inflation of the money supply most certainly would serve their interests. 
Even if it is proven that miners lack the ability to seize control over development without the economic majority, eventually the day is going to come when the economic majority simply won't care about the supply cap enough to protest. Current bitcoiners do, but one day we will be in the minority. With an apathetic public and a determined mining industry, the issue will always be pressed as long as hard forks provide a relatively easy and safe way to change the protocol.
The only thing that will truly preserve Bitcoin's immutability -- on several levels including the supply cap -- is the immutability of the key features of the protocol itself. That is to say, the difficulty, or even impossibility, of hard forking as a method to upgrade the protocol.
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:28:30
I wouldn't be surprised if in 20 years countries are threatening war over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-15 06:36:57


Exactly. And if there is anything history shows, money, power, and politics always go hand in hand. 
I don't want to suggest, though, that I believe both sides are equal. I've chosen my side (Core), but I can completely understand people who have not chosen a side. The Bitcoin space needs all types. 
@_date: 2017-03-04 21:53:05
A lot of people like to dismiss the idea of "intrinsic value" as you have just done, pointing out that value is inherently subjective and cannot be established objectively. 
But that is, in my view, just a straw man. The idea of intrinsic value in relation to money has nothing to do with the idea that things have objective value. *The concept is meant to refer to the value that a money has apart from its use as money.* That's it. So digits in my bank account have no value apart from being used to indicate money, therefore they lack intrinsic value. A gold coin, on the other hand, has value even if it isn't used as money, therefore it has "intrinsic value" . . . not because value is inherent to gold, but because gold has value regardless of whether we use it as money or not.   
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:41:21
Chinese miners were a plague that infected every MMO. It's too bad Satoshi wasn't a gamer, he would have gone straight to PoS. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 18:49:00
His issue doesn't appear to be with SegWit, it is with LN and how it encourages off chain transactions, transactions whose fees would otherwise be going to miners. But then we also hear that Wu really likes LN. So I think to understand his position requires a bit more nuance.
My reading is that his *real* concern is that users are going to be forced into LN because of the block size limit. What he wants is for users to have a choice, which increasingly becomes a non-choice as on-chain transactions become more expensive due to the block size limit. In other words, he thinks the revenue from small blocks + LN &lt; big blocks + LN. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 21:45:06
Brilliant idea. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 03:44:38
I think it is fairly obvious that having an open source project at the heart of Bitcoin development is superior to having a private corporation in control of development. This is precisely why people have been so upset over Blockstream, and I don't think it is just BU supporters who are concerned about that. 
I think, ideally, you shouldn't be allowed to contribute to Core if you work for, or are paid by, a private company that has a stake in the direction of the system because there is too much possibility for corruption. Blockstream may be well-intended, but what happens when JP Morgan and Google start having their hands all over Core. What happens when the cypherpunks of Blockstream die off and are replaced with more dubious characters? In the same way you cannot have politicians who are simultaneously large shareholders of a private corporation, you can't have Core developers who are monetarily  tethered to the vested interests. So I completely agree that Blockstream is a problem.
But if you agree with me on that, then I think it should be perfectly self-evident that handing Bitcoin development entirely over to BU -- which is essentially a private corporation for all intents and purposes -- is moving in exactly the opposite direction of what we wish to encourage. The purity of the project is advanced by removing money influence, not by completely giving into it. The lining is already on the wall, you can see where all of this is going. Once BU takes over and has dictatorial control over development, the big mining firms and entrepreneurs like Roger Ver are literally going to start giving these guys millions to do their bidding, which will include stripping the system of what remains of decentralization and handing themselves more and more power. The purity of the system will become entirely corrupt. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 21:37:19
Gavin's [latest tweet]( is trending to the top of r/btc today. The most upvoted comment reads:


@_date: 2016-01-16 05:41:01


Andreas Antonopoulos doesn't even think what Mike said was true, what makes you think it is so self-evident?
@_date: 2017-03-15 18:01:47
They are certainly the most *committed* team we've seen to bringing Bitcoin down. And I guess you could say they are truly *testing* the limits of its resilience. 
@_date: 2017-03-04 15:06:36
This is a very good point. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 16:02:58
Very scary.
@_date: 2017-03-09 19:20:57
The minority chain could easily catch up. All that would have to happen is for all the mining power to switch back to the minority chain. 
This sets up a situation where the miners could sell massive sums of BTC while they were mining the Unlimited chain. Then, once they received the fiat money, they could revert to Core and have all those transactions erased, returning their BTC to them while still holding onto the fiat they received.  
@_date: 2017-03-15 17:57:38
This isn't over, not by a long shot. And if it were over, there would simply be another attempt. What we are facing is a weakness in Bitcoin, its vulnerability to mining centralization combined with social engineering , and until we find a way to overcome this weakness, these types of attacks will continue indefinitely. If we can defeat it, then Bitcoin will return to being "unstoppable" and will easily reach $10,000, at which point there will be the next crisis. If we can't defeat it, then Bitcoin will fade away. Crisis points are turning points. We are still going to the moon, or zero.  
@_date: 2017-03-16 03:07:41
For most people without access to cheap electricity, mining is a bit like buying bitcoin at localbitcoins.com, it just comes at a premium over buying bitcoin directly through an exchange. I'm surprised more people don't do it given how popular localbitcoins is. 
Seems to me that if your electricity costs are reasonable, you aren't on a tight budget, and you are concerned about helping to protect the network, it makes sense to do this. After all, assuming bitcoin continues to do well and rise in price, your not going to lose any money on the investment. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 03:31:32
Well, let's just stick to that post then, but I encourage you to do some research, it will quickly become clear to you that the Chinese miners want larger blocks and consider this to be in their financial interests, and are willing to give SegWit in exchange. Not saying you have to agree with it, simply that it helps to actually know what their position is. 
This is from Wu's posted article:


In other words, they will not block SegWit as soon as they get what they want. What they want is increased block capacity. The stronger their position becomes, the more they are going to demand. This is why they are supporting BU, to maximize the strength of their position.
@_date: 2019-03-29 08:59:11
Fiat currency is a debt based currency. It's value is backed by debt. The entire financial industry revolves around debt. The Federal Reserve's balance sheet consists almost entirely of debt. The same is true for commercial banks. If you removed debt, a debt "jubilee," the effect would be no less than if you removed all money from existence. A complete and total collapse. 
It is not as if we live in the time of the Roman Empire when currency was backed by precious metals and a jubilee simply meant erasing how much metal was owed to whom. Today, every dollar created is created in exchange for new debts. When the Fed prints money, it exchanges that money for bonds. Commercial banks create money when they issue new loans. This is why despite so much money creation, inflation does not rear its ugly head. This is why QE didn't result in hyperinflation. Because every dollar the Fed printed was backed by its equivalent value in debt. Debt is what backs modern money, not precious metals, which means that to compare a modern jubilee to the practices of the past, the equivalent would be if during the Roman Era all the gold and silver simply disappeared. That is to say, in the time of ancient Rome, erasing the debts did not erase the money. But in the modern era, erasing debts inevitably does just that. 
Indeed, this is why hyperinflation---which is really just another way of saying that the currency is losing all of its value---occurs in those countries in which it occurs. It isn't excessive money printing that causes hyperinflation, it is money printed without adequate backing that does. And that usually happens because those respective countries' governments have defaulted on their debts and consequently the money that is backed by those debts begins to rapidly lose value. 
You see, money depends on trust. Trust is fundamental to its magical nature. In modern systems, the apex of trust is the creditworthiness of the government. It is upon this foundation of trust that the entire modern financial system rests. The US Treasury Bond is the foundation of the US financial system. If faith in the creditworthiness of the US government disappeared, the US dollar would collapse, just like bitcoin would if suddenly we discovered there was a bug that allowed it to be arbitrarily created. This is why people say Bitcoin is backed by math. 
(With each year that bitcoin survives, trust in it increases which is one of the primary---and under appreciated---reasons for its continual long term appreciation. And particularly when bitcoin refuses to die following a difficult bear market.)
Backing does not require one asset be backed by another asset. In fiat money, the money is backed by debt denominated in the very same currency as the currency it is backing. The purpose of backing is simply to control the amount of money created. If you can control the amount of money created algorithmically, then to the extent that that algorithm is trusted, the money is backed. The philosophy of fiat money is that the money is created in response to the needs of the economy, and those needs can be measured in how much debt is being created. More debt implies more growth in the economy and consequently the need for more money. But when it turns out the debt was bad and not reflective of real economic growth, as was the case in 2008, this was like someone finding a bug in Bitcoin that allowed for the arbitrary creation of bitcoins. Money was being created without justification, without restraint by the system. 2008 was a bug in the code of the fiat system, all of this debt that was being created was not reflective of real economic growth and so the money that was created during the housing market bubble was not in line with the fiat system's algorithm, so to speak. 
In that instance, 2008, a tremendous amount of debt evaporated in value leaving most commercial banks without enough assets of value backing their credit. They were suddenly like someone with a massive amount of credit card debt who just lost their job, they suddenly became no longer creditworthy. The Fed bailed those commercial banks out not by giving them money, but by propping up the value of their bad debt by buying it themselves. They acted as the buyer of last resort so that the mortgage backed securities retained their market value and the commercial banks continued to have their credit backed by value. 
If the US government itself defaulted, however, you would have a similar scenario where suddenly the value backing the base currency would lose all value, but unlike with 2008, it wouldn't be the commercial banks who would need a bailout, but the Fed itself. The Fed is essentially backed by the US government's debt, and if the government's debt suddenly became no good, the Fed would lose its creditworthiness without someone to bail them out. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 04:31:25
This is quite literally a shitpost.  
@_date: 2017-03-23 14:43:43
Thanks a lot for doing this show MadBitcoins &amp; Peter. It really brought a lot of clarity. We need more of this.
@_date: 2017-03-12 16:59:21
I don't trust Gavin, I've been pretty upfront about that. But I think his return to Core would be a great thing for Bitcoin. 
Why? Because it is vital that the entire community have faith in the consensus layer, and it is impossible to achieves this unless the open source project is perceived to be neutral and representative of all sides. Core has a serious reputation problem right now, and it is coming in large part from the fact that most of the popular public "big blockers" exited, creating the perception that Core is not a open, neutral project. When Core had significant representation from the big blocker view -- when Jeff Garzik, Gavin Andresen, and Mike Hearn were all simultaneously involved -- the community was united. As soon as Gavin and Hearn left, the community split followed.
Having a civil war in the form of hard forks and threats thereof doesn't help Bitcoin move forward, just the opposite really. Resolving conflicts in development through force won't promote faith in the consensus layer, regardless of who wins. Only healing the divide in the developer community, only restoring the perception that Core is representative of all sides, will unite the community. 
The problem is, I am unsure Gavin would even want to come back. He may feel he is doing more good by promoting BU than by working within Core. It may be more consistent with his basic philosophy. After all, he and Hearn began the whole effort to resolve development disputes through the promotion of hard forks. Personally, I think he would be doing far more good by returning to Core and promoting his views from within, attempting to convince people not through threat of force but through superiority of argument. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 04:09:22
My take: lot's of new money is pouring in and old money is switching to altcoins because of fear of the scaling war. We are in a bull market, and the price is wanting to go up, but the scaling war is keeping it in check. If the war resolves itself, Bitcoin will shoot up. 
@_date: 2016-03-13 06:23:26
This certainly raises Gemini even more as an attractive alternative to Coinbase.
@_date: 2016-01-16 05:53:37
Unfortunately, the Hearncoats won't give up on their dream of a hard fork with Bitcoin Classic, even if segregated witness is profoundly hopeful and reasoned. 
@_date: 2016-01-30 05:10:47
Bitcoin's strength comes from being a decentralized system. A decentralized system is, in essence, a system whose evolution is organic and beyond the control of individuals. Its power comes from the fact that a hive mind larger than any of us, larger than even the collection of us, contains a wisdom that grows the network beyond what anyone expects or anticipates. This is why so many of us feel Bitcoin's success is inevitable and unstoppable. 
r/btc's wisdom is in the realization that centralized development lies contrary to this basic ideal of Bitcoin. This is, in essence, what I have learned from listening to the r/btc community. Block size is secondary from their perspective, the issue is that development cannot possibly contain the wisdom of organic, decentralized growth when a handful of people with a particular worldview control it all. 
r/bitcoin's widsom is in the realization that if the Bitcoin block chain attempts to handle everything, then centralization of development, and its consequent stagnation of innovation, is inevitable. That what you need is an entire ecosystem of development that allows for all types of creativity and experimentation to take place around the core of Bitcoin. Let's move beyond the block chain per se, so that developers can build a huge organic system around the core that will greatly appreciate the value of Bitcoin and its resilience. We have seen geniuses like Vitalik Buterin or Daniel Larimer create such amazing systems, imagine if that kind of talent was building directly on top of the Bitcoin infrastructure.
Both r/bitcoin and r/btc have the vision of decentralized development of Bitcoin. It is only that r/btc believes this is best achieved by having competing implementations of Bitcoin and the possibility of regular hard forks that will allow free competition to choose the best implementation. This view sees politics playing a central role in the continued stability of the system and vying parties argue over the direction of the system and are ultimately rewarded through a quasi-democratic "vote." 
r/bitcoin, on the other hand, views decentralization of development to happen through providing the tools for an ecosystem to develop around core. Core should be the foundation and like a rock something that rarely changes, while side chains, colored coins, etc, provide a way for all kinds of diversity to take place around that solid foundation. The model is very similar to the internet or a good video game that allows for mods. You don't change the rules of the internet, you change everything around it. The model assumes that the base infrastructure won't really change that much after a certain period of time, and therefore the idea that politics will constantly persuade its direction seems unnecessary.
 
 
@_date: 2017-03-06 17:15:29
I suppose it has to do with market psychology. I'm not an expert in that, and I can't explain it, but anecdotally, in my experience -- and I think others around here will agree with this -- when excitement reaches a fever pitch, it is almost always followed by a downturn in the market. The last time we saw that kind of absolute frenzy of excitement was early 2014, and the market just tanked after that for about a year. We see mini version of this all the time, late December/early January being the most recent. 
In contrast, although we are seeing mini bouts of excitement due to the price, growing press coverage, the ETF pump, etc, the community overall is quite pessimistic because of the scaling war, the stalemate, the inability for us to come to consensus to address the problem of rising fees, the question over how much Bitcoin really can do when we abandon the idea that anything and everything can be included in the block chain itself, and the competition from alt-coins. And yet despite all this cynicism, the price continues to rise with no end in sight. 
My feeling is that most bitcoiners who have been around for awhile are not currently enthusiastic in the way this meme suggests. They are not likely to bring up bitcoin in conversation unless specifically asked. They are in a state of doubt. But I suspect that this could change. What we are talking about is a satisfactory resolution to the scaling debate that all sides feel good about, and a price of about $10,000 per bitcoin. I think at that point the enthusiasm and optimism will be so out control, bitcoiners won't be able to contain themselves, very much like they were back in 2014. So much as a look will confirm a fellow bitcoiner. At that point you will want to take some profits. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:37:44
When this becomes true again, that's pretty much the indication that the next bear market is about to begin. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:54:20
Not enough of one for the Chinese miners. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 18:53:21
That's precisely the problem. If BTC depends on the BU client because it has the longest chain, and then later reverts to the Core client because Core becomes the longest chain -- certainly a strong possibility -- many of transactions that occurred while BU was the client will be erased from existence. (Note that this isn't the case the other way around.)
Under this circumstance, if someone bought a house using BTC while BU was the client, there is a strong chance the person holding BTC could tomorrow end up holding nothing. His money could completely vanish. It is the extreme opposite of immutability. With this even being a possibility, who would want to hold BTC?
@_date: 2019-03-29 09:43:41


The handful of people. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 16:04:31
When competition is at the protocol level, it is driven by politics. When competition takes place at the levels built on top of the protocol level, it is driven by the free market. The problem with "letting the market decide" when it comes to the protocol layer is that it is the *consensus layer.* It isn't designed to be determined by the market driven competition anymore than a national government is. It is the layer at which the overwhelming majority have consensus, the same way the overwhelming number of Americans believe in the US Constitution. 
There is a reason why democracies rely on one person one vote, rather than on market forces, to determine who governs, and there is a reason why it is exceedingly difficult to make core protocol changes to the US Constitution. Democracies represent the consensus layer of a society. Ideally, with the consensus layer providing strong faith in the system, the strength of the consensus layer promotes freedom and open competition among economic markets built upon this consensus layer. If you don't have a strong and fair consensus layer in society, wars rage over who gets to control it,  until you eventually end up with some variety of dictatorship, in which laws are arbitrarily passed aimed at promoting its own interests at the expense of second layer freedoms.
The same principle applies to a system like Bitcoin. The layered approach isn't simply good design from a technical point of view, it isn't simply about addressing the scaling issue, it is about making sure confidence in the consensus layer is strong and that the consensus layer is hard to change, so that competition can take place over the tools that build upon and utilize it.
Endless forks and competition over who gets to control the base layer doesn't promote freedom, it stagnates it, the same way endless civil wars stagnate economic growth. If Americans were always creating wars over the Constitution, the US would be a shadow of what it is today. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 15:05:26
Thank you for doing all of this u/damianoloan. We really need people like you. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:32:12
Of course, but they don't actually want to split the network. Again, Haipo Yang:


I'll leave you with a quote from Sun Tzu's Art of War:


@_date: 2017-03-08 07:07:03
Central banks -- particularly of the Federal Reserve -- aren't run by politicians, they are run by bankers (and economists). Elites in their field with knowledge way beyond the grasp of what most people can comprehend and beholden to the political system in only the most token, symbolical way. 
In that sense, they are similar to the developers of Bitcoin. Bitcoin developers have knowledge about Bitcoin that most people don't comprehend, central bankers have knowledge about the banking system and the economy that most people don't understand. It is essentially the same paradigm, with the very important exception that Bitcoin development is open source and the Core community is open to participation by anyone with the skill. But the larger Bitcoin becomes, and the most powerful interests want to have a say in the protocol, how long will this openness remain before it is captured? 
Society trusts that central bankers are neutral and that everything they do is based on mathematical and economic precision. Consequently, central bankers are able to hide behind obfuscation and complexity to do things to the benefit of some (usually the financial system) and at the expense of others (usually the remainder of society). They have this power precisely because they have been able to shield themselves entirely from politics, because they are not held accountable, because no branch of government provides any real oversight, because they aren't representatives of the people, they are representatives of themselves and the banking system. 
All their power is made possible by the illusion that you place the most elite economists and bankers at the heart of the financial system, they will only do what is rational. Society believes this. You are essentially advocating that we have precisely the exact same kind of faith in Core developers. 
None of that has anything to do with social IQ. Central banks don't get their power from playing politics. They don't get their power by appealing to the people. Most people don't even know who they are, just like most bitcoiners don't know who makes up Core, or Bitcoin Unlimited for that matter. They get their power, in large part, from society trusting that they know best, because they are "experts."
I understand your ideal that pure mathematics and logic alone should rule Bitcoin, and it is true to a large extent. But believing this too far makes us vulnerable to the same trap that defines the relationship of society to central bankers. When Gavin and Hearn dissented, initiating the Bitcoin civil war, dissent wasn't rooted in mathematical figures, data, or empirical studies, the dissent was rooted in a different vision of what Bitcoin should be. These developers' views on the scaling debate depended upon their views about what makes Bitcoin important, what the priorities are, and where it is ultimately going. Gavin didn't have an issue with nodes being confined to large data centers because he believed that Bitcoin was going to be a kind of payment system that society would embrace. He then used logic and arguments pertaining to code to justify those views, he didn't derive those views based on logic and code, because those views are rooted in how Gavin believes the world works, not in the code.
It is a mistake to assume that everything Core does is based purely on logic. They have to make choices, choices based on what they believe is best for Bitcoin, choices that are ultimately dictated by their basic orientations and philosophies. If you believe Bitcoin needs to be censorship resistance because the world will try to stop Bitcoin, that will be your priority. If you believe Bitcoin needs to be immutable, because that is essential to money, then that will be your priority. If you believe Bitcoin needs to be a competitor with Visa and compliant with government regulations, then that will be your priority. Your view of the world and what makes Bitcoin special will alter your relationship to the code.
 And for a similar reason, this is why so much fuss has been made over Blockstream, because it fundamentally violates the perception of pure neutrality if the choices some members of Core make are influenced by financial gain. How is this different from the choices the FOMC makes when they are all so deeply embedded in the financial system and know that they or their allies will personally benefit from these choices? Can we really trust that quantitative easing and massive money printing aimed at the bailout of the commercial banks came from pure logic and economic expertise? Can we really trust that the ECBs bailout of Greece was about the Greek people and not the bailout of European banks that were carrying Greek debt? Of course we can't. Likewise, can we really trust that the bailout of the DAO would have happened if Vitalik and his friends weren't so heavily invested in it, that it was pure rationality and the logic of the code that motivated such a move? Can we really trust that the decision to limit the block size isn't being influenced by the business model of Blockstream? For the record, I don't believe that, but that's not the point, the point is that there is an inherent conflict of interest there, and though we may trust Core's intentions today, what happens tomorrow when Google has their hands all over Bitcoin Core?
There is no way to avoid the fact that protocol level developers have power, and power means they are in a political position. We can chose to ignore that, and thereby give them our full trust and confidence and free reign to do whatever they like, no matter what corrupting influences may be present, in a manner similar to the way society treats central banks. But that is just burying our heads in the sand, and it is precisely that attitude that has left Bitcoin with a dysfunctional governance model that has brought us into the crisis that we now find ourselves. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 15:59:38


I thought things were looking relatively bright with segregated witness, in particular, an exciting development that likely flowered into existence because of the healthy and measured way the  community approached all of this without resorting to falling for the FUD. The scaling Bitcoin conferences and the intrinsically decentralized, communal nature of this approach toward reaching consensus, rather than relying on a CEO, seems to me to have  spoken directly to what is good about Bitcoin. 
But then you Gavin and Hearn and the community behind them. Their method is not to participate in the larger community's discussion -- they didn't attend the last scaling Bitcion conference at all, for instance -- but instead they created a hard fork which in lay men's term is simply, "it's our way or the highway." 
In other words, they want us to hand Bitcoin over to them. That is their solution to the complicated nature of open source, let's just install a CEO. Essentially, they are saying, "give up on the community, no one at those conferences matter . . . give us power, scrap Bitcoin and come over to our new Bitcoin." That's scary, at least to me. 
I could understand XT, as it certainly spawned an urgency that otherwise wasn't being addressed with enough haste, and I applaud them for that. But then when things are looking bright, and the urgency far less dramatic, they just rekindle the fight with even more desperation in the form of "Bitcoin Classic." There is something else going on here. Why the urgency? Why the desperation? Why do we need to restart the civil war?
What further disturbs and concerns me is that Mike Hearn, one of the two brains behind XT along with Gavin, actually gladly accepted the position of developing R3, the block chain being created by the coordinated effort of the international bankers. He works for the banks. This demonstrates a mindset intent on power.
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:38:57
If the choice was between that and BU taking over, I suspect most of us would have to pause and contemplate. But come on guys, seriously? This tweet is from a year ago. 
@_date: 2017-03-07 04:03:34
It would be a profound mistake for the two sides to split. If there is a split, the free market is not going to decide one version of Bitcoin over the other. The free market is going to decide for Ethereum (or some other altcoin). 
The reason is because, as unpopular as it is to say, both sides are right. They both represent some crucial aspect of Bitcoin. Like Yin and Yang, male and female, if the two split, all you will have is two coins fundamentally lacking in an essential property of Bitcoin. It is hard for us to see this now because we don't really know what Bitcoin is. But there is a wisdom to the crowd, to the hive mind of the entire community, which is what we ultimately need to be listening to.
When we speak our post-modern, anarchist, libertarian values, we fundamentally betray those ideas if we do not accept that there is wisdom to the hive. The only way to not see that value is to appeal to the idea that someone, or some group, owns truth. That someone, or some group, needs to be in authority. It is to relinquish the very core of what Bitcoin represents, which is decentralization of power. If we cannot come together as a community, then we have abandoned the revolutionary nature of this very movement. We will have returned to the 20th century mindset. 
The 21st century is about recognizing that as crazy as the hive mind can be, as ridiculous as individual personalities may appear to us to be, there is a wisdom there, there is a collective impulse toward truth that all voices, when aggregated, are organically, moving toward. When you see the trees you can't see it, you see ugly trees and beautiful trees, dying trees and thriving ones, but when you see the forest the larger pattern is there. 
In Bitcoin's case, that truth is being expressed by two different crowds, two different expressions, and the only post-modern, 21st century way to make sense of it, is not to see one side as right, the other as wrong, but as both sides representing some aspect of the larger whole.
One camp wants us to preserve Bitcoin's decentralization at all costs. The other camp wants us to realize the full potential of Bitcoin's block chain. It is no wonder that most developers lean heavily toward the former, as they tend to spend so much of their time focused on security, but just because that camp has the majority of elite developers on its side doesn't mean that the other camp is not expressing some vital truth here. Society needs both engineers and innovators, security and freedom. A man who spends his entire career in the military simply won't understand the artist, and vice versa. That doesn't mean we don't need both.
No one really knows how vital decentralization will be to Bitcoin's future. No one really knows how society will respond to Bitcoin and what implication it will have to its security. No one really knows how important the block chain itself will be. No one really knows what it is truly capable of. No one knows because it's not just a technical issue, Bitcoin is an innovation that will have far reaching impacts on all aspects of society, and there is no way to know what the implications of those impacts will be on the technology itself. It could very well be that Bitcoin needs an extreme amount of decentralization to preserve its value proposition. On the other hand, it could also be true that increased reliance on the block chain by society and institutions will lessen the threat against Bitcoin by powerful actors in the first place. No one, no one individual within bitcoin, no one group within bitcoin, truly knows. We have to rely on the collective mind, and the forest is telling us we need both, and that means we will have to compromise. 
Unlike a coin controlled by a benevolent dictator, Bitcoin is decentralized, and its direction must be steered by the collective mind which generates its wisdom from god knows where. This mind is capable of producing something greater than anything produced in a centrally planned manner. And, yes, the Core developers are themselves decentralized to an extent. But they represent an orientation that obviously stands at odds with a portion of the community. They represent an aspect of the collective mind, not the whole. 
What the whole is telling us is clear. Both priorities need to be taken seriously, and the only way to do that without destroying Bitcoin is for us to compromise. Bitcoin that secures itself against on chain innovation because it is afraid of losing its security will be impotent. Bitcoin that explodes the blockchain and loses its decentralization will also be impotent. We need compromise. 
@_date: 2017-03-15 06:48:25
When your parents ask where Jesus went. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 04:24:04
No. They are bitcoin transactions, they just aren't recorded on the block chain until settlement. You can't conjure up bitcoin that doesn't exist or pretend you own more than you own anymore than you could spend bitcoin from an empty bitcoin wallet. 
Think of it like this: let's say you have an offline computer at home you use for cold storage. When you want to send a transaction, rather than ever connecting that computer to the internet you simply sign the transaction on that computer and then transfer the signed transaction to an online computer where you broadcast it from. Many people used to do this, some still do. This way the private keys never touch the internet. This is essentially how hardware wallets like Trezor work. The keys never touch the internet because the only thing that is communicated to the online computer is the signed transaction. 
So then imagine that you signed a transaction on your cold storage computer that indicated you wanted to send a bitcoin to a friend's address, but rather than transferring it to an online computer and broadcasting it to the network, you simply handed the usb stick with the signed transaction over to your friend. He could then go home and broadcast it anytime he wanted. That is essentially how lightning works. Of course, in this scenario you could always double spend. So what lightning does is lock up the funds in multi-signature addresses, preventing double spending from even being possible. This is why it enables zero confirmation transactions. 
@_date: 2017-03-23 03:51:09
The more I think about it, the more I think it would be better for Core to simply remove the block size increase from SegWit, and simply hard fork with SegWit + 2mb. I know it sounds ridiculous, but hear me out:
Most big blockers do not consider the block size increase packaged together with SegWit to be a genuine block size increase. This is primarily, I think, because they don't really understand the code and that was the political narrative they bought. For some reason they think a hard forked flat block size increase is superior to a safer, soft forked block size increase for the same amount, and they think SegWit is a kind of trick, not a real block size increase. There is nothing we can do now about stupidity, it is simply a matter of politics. 
So if Core is going to give them a flat block size increase, and concede to a hard fork -- something that under normal circumstances makes no sense, but in our current environment would be for the sake of avoiding a more contentious hard fork -- they should also just remove the block size increase included in SegWit since the big blockers didn't seem to want it anyway. Then just sell it as SegWit + 2mb increase.
@_date: 2017-03-06 05:21:06
And, of course, there are also no subatomic energy waves either . . .  
@_date: 2016-01-19 06:52:50


Absolutely. You nailed it. 
A credit card is a method for transferring fiat currency (I'll just stick to dollars). It achieves this due to the fact that promising to pay someone dollars in the near future can be communicated instantly, even if the transfer of actual dollars is cumbersome and slow. But if there were no such thing as cash or central banks, credit cards could not exist. The reason for this is because credit is simply an IOU money. The system requires the existence actual real money for credit of that money to have any meaning. Real money in the legacy system is either cash or reserves at the central bank. Everything else is an IOU for that money. So credit poses no threat to the existing monetary system. 
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is a separate monetary system. It is not an IOU for existing fiat currencies, it is its own currency. Consequently, it has an exchange rate with these other currencies, just like the euro has an exchange rate with the dollar. 
Calling Bitcoin a "payment network" seems a bit weird because it is only a payment network for transferring bitcoins. If you are using it to transmit value which will ultimately be converted to other currencies, you need to use an exchange. Perhaps it is clearer to say bitcoin is digital money that can be transmitted digitally, just as cash is physical money that can be transmitted physically. We don't say cash is a payment network, why should we say bitcoin is a payment network? A "payment network" implies it is there to enhance some existing currency that cannot be transmitted as efficiently in the absence of that payment network. VISA is a payment network for cash. Lightning Network is a payment network to transmit bitcoins. But bitcoin is not a payment network for some other form of money, it is itself the money, it is just digital cash. Bitcoin is the base money of a new monetary system. 
What people don't understand is that fiat currency is how governments finance themselves. Fiat currency is the heart of the state. Taxes aren't required, nor in most cases sufficient, to finance a government that can create its own money.  Of course, taxes have other purposes like redistribution of wealth, preventing inflation, and incentivizing certain behaviors in society. But the dollars you pay in taxes are really, for all practical purposes, just destroyed while new dollars are printed (created) separately to finance the government. Money printing is how countries (that are smarter than Greece) actually finance themselves, although it is done in a roundabout way in which they are lent the money, interest free, by their central bank. The national debt *is*, essentially, the base currency supply (or at least it was until 2008). But that is getting off topic. The point is that countries depend on monopolistic power over currency in order to finance themselves. This is why tight control over currency exists, if governments merely relied on taxes there really would be no fear of competing currencies at all since they could just tax income regardless of which currency that income took place in. But governments depend on the power of the printing press for everything they do, and when you possess the power to create money, it is vital that that money remain valuable. 
In light of this, how is it possible that these countries will allow a competing currency like bitcoin to be used to buy goods and services within their borders when their entire existence depends upon the sustained value of the national currency bitcoin is attempting to compete with? If I can buy goods and services in the United States using bitcoin, then I don't actually need dollars, particularly if I am a foreigner doing business in the United States. This lowers the demand for the dollar and erodes its value. If the value of the dollar goes down, the power of the state is threatened. The main reason Bitcoin hasn't been squashed out of existence at this point is because it is decentralized, global, and therefore very difficult to destroy, an effort that isn't justified by bitcoin's current limited level of success. 
But make no mistake, if bitcoin becomes too popular too quickly, it will become a threat to nation states. Bitcoin must slowly, and steadily, grow and become powerful, censorship resistant, trustworthy, dependable, useful. People need to have a sense that bitcoin has always been around and always will be. People need to have a sense that they can use bitcoin for things that fiat currency can't be used for. The value proposition of bitcoin is direct, peer-to-peer exchange of *digital* money, something that is not possible with fiat currency. 
Bitcoin could very well become the world's first true global currency, but it must proceed with caution. If it rashly moves ahead, desperately seeking mainstream adoption at the expense of decentralization, anonymity, and censorship resistance, the moment it starts to become successful it will be outlawed, and since it is relying on mainstream users for its success, these are the types of users who will abandon the currency under such circumstances. Further, because the infrastructure has been allowed to become too centralized, government raids and targeted attacks will be able to quickly dismantle the network. 
The reason all of this will happen is because of the mistaken impression that bitcoin is simply a new disruptive industry, a payment network, capable of playing by the traditional rules with sufficient regulation and gaining success rapidly which will guarantee its continued survival. But the reality is that that kind of success would be a mortal threat to the state, and therefore will not be allowed to continue without a very serious fight. If Bitcoin's defenses have become weakened and watered down by those who don't appreciate its history or its philosophical foundation, when that time comes it will be destroyed.  
 
 
@_date: 2016-01-17 06:43:30


Quite right. But it is also possible -- and I think this is actually the case -- that the *reason* he thinks Bitcoin is going down a dead-end alley is the same reason he thinks R3 is the future, namely, because Bitcoin is not enough like R3. Whatever his ideal for this technology is, it is clear that he believes the bankers are more likely to create a block chain that lives up to his ideal than Bitcoin can. So presuming his efforts for Bitcoin were always subtly aimed at making Bitcoin match this ideal, and to the extent that R3 and all that it represents is reprehensible to the larger Bitcoin community, one could argue that, contrary to "fixing Bitcoin from within," he was attempting to do just the opposite. But not out of malice or ill-intent, rather simply by virtue of a misalignment of his political worldview (a worldview that, for whatever reasons, compels him to feel more at home working for the banking elite than dealing with the messiness of the Bitcoin project) from that of the Bitcoin majority. 
I think in light of all this, with time it is inevitable that the community will demand of its developers a more clear communication of what, exactly, their philosophy is and what their vision for Bitcoin is. I am not sure if this is a good or bad thing, but from the sound of Bram's article is seems, perhaps, that many of the developers who don't seem comfortable wearing the shoes of politics the way Hearn does will be in need of people to help communicate their vision to the larger community. Because he is right that Hearn waged a very effective political attack campaign against the core developers that had many people convinced, and the core devs seemed to lack the political skills to adequately defend themselves, making them look even more shadowy and sinister. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 06:48:00
This is happening because you are trying to send all the money that was remaining in your hot wallet, so there wasn't any money left over for the miners' fee. The wallet then attempts to take the fee from one of your watch-only addresses, but in order to do so it obviously requires the private key. It is annoying. It would be better if the app notified you that there is not enough money for a miners fee in the hot wallet, rather than just automatically trying to extract it from your paper wallet. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 17:02:49
The only way to preserve direct peer-to-peer transactions for the average Joe is for there to be a perfect balance. If nodes are prohibitively expensive, then the average Joe is forced to trust 3rd party nodes. On the other hand, if on-chain fees are prohibitively expensive, then the average Joe is forced to trust lightning hubs. 
@_date: 2017-03-19 17:28:48
Exactly. Small blockers lost this battle. We need to learn from it and move on and keep up the fight to make Bitcoin stronger. But if we hand development over to BU, that is 10x the damage.
@_date: 2017-03-21 14:46:58
Under normal conditions, where the community wasn't divided over what "advancement" looks like, the miners would have no power to block progress. But due to the divide, the miners have the ability to stall or choose sides.
@_date: 2017-03-19 00:41:40
Saying that the community must decide which is Bitcoin, therefore we remain neutral, forgets the fact that Coinbase itself is a huge part of the community. 
In fact, anyone with any real pulse on this debate can see that this is not a neutral statement at all -- it is just designed to be that way for less informed people who will think Coinbase is being "responsible." This is a direct message of support for BU. 
The reason for that is because by doing this, Coinbase is essentially attacking Core by removing its ability to use a UASF. It is nullifying Core's main defense against BU's threat of superior hashing power. It is like if Russia threatened to invade Poland and the United States said, "we wish to remain neutral, therefore we are pulling out of NATO." That wouldn't be being neutral, that would be giving Russia the green light.
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:22:02
Right now, the way things are looking . . . I'm thinking it is going to be something between worse and best case scenarios. In other words, Bitcoin isn't going to result in the anarchist/libertarian utopia so many dreamed of. It is going to be captured by Power . . . And yet, it is also going to change the world, change finance, change law, change everything. 
It reminds me of the early internet utopians. They believed the internet and free exchange of knowledge and ideas would tremendously liberate people, and it has, just not in the way everyone imagined. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 17:59:34
Daniel Larimer is a brilliant guy. I think because he is so brilliant he, like Vitalik Buterin, felt the need to create an altcoin to fully experiment with his vision. Consequently, his insights tend to have less influence in the Bitcoin space than perhaps they otherwise should.
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:10:18
Good point. If the exchanges all expressed consensus to consider Core BTC in the event of a split, their expression as the economic majority would send a clear message that a UASF is potentially on the table. It would at least give Core the appearance of having a nuclear option to temper the aggression of BU. But without that consensus over even the ticker symbol, it makes a UASF a much weaker threat. 
Brian Armstrong has been a big blocker for a long time. I think he is now trying to remain apolitical, or at least give the appearance as such, because of how much it burned him the last time he publicly expressed his views. But watching this debate, people rarely change their positions, and I doubt he has either.  
@_date: 2017-03-16 05:38:57
Segwit makes a wide variety of technologies possible on Bitcoin, the most famous of which is the Lightning Network. 
Lightning network is going to happen, with or without Bitcoin. This is very important for people to understand. Society will have huge demand for zero confirmation micro-transactions. If Bitcoin can't provide that, another network will and Bitcoin will fade. You can halt the progress of technology on Bitcoin, you can't halt the progress of technology in general. 
You can't get zero confirmation micro-transactions on block chains, doesn't matter what network it is, it is impossible and people simply need to realize this and stop trying to fit a square peg into a round hole. You need Lightning technology. Because of this, Lightning technology is inevitable, and if Bitcoin doesn't do it, another network will and Bitcoin will become obsolete. 
This is the plain reality folks. Once people realize this, it will become clear that miner revenue will not, cannot, come from payment network fees. Their revenue comes from ledger recording. If miners halt technological progress on the network because they want more ledger recordings, Bitcoin will simply lose its value and miners will eventually go out of business. 
The question then becomes, how do you increase the demand for ledger recording? You do this by making ledger records more valuable, and that is achieved by making the ledger more secure, more reliable, more immutable, and more trustworthy. Miners should not be worried about what the payment network is going to look like, anymore than an electrician should worry about the job of the interior designer. That's not his job, and worrying about the payment network is not the job of miners, their job is to worry about the ledger. The payment network will be awesome, and when it is, if the miners have done their job, their revenue will skyrocket. But they are holding up progress because the electrician suddenly got it in his mind that he should be in charge of the interior design of the house as well. 
A financial ledger is not valued because it is fast, it is valued because it is trustworthy, reliable, and not subject to forgery or plagiarism. These should be the concerns of miners. This whole BU thing is a complete waste of time in which the miners are trying to pretend that the ledger can compete as a payment network. Trust me, when Ethereum implements their Lightning Network, instant confirmation transactions for a fraction of a cent, and Bitcoin is stumbling about with 10 cent transactions that take an hour to confirm, (and aren't even superior because the block chain isn't censorship resistant) you will understand. 
The moment Segwit goes through and Lightning becomes a reality, the moment Segwit makes smart contract platforms and side chains a reality, the moment Segwit provides the foundation for anonymous transaction tech, any advantage these other networks current espouse will evaporate because they won't provide anything over Bitcoin, and yet they will all lack the immutability of Bitcoin's ledger. When the payment network is built, people will wonder why anyone thought having fast block chain confirmations was even advantageous. This nonsense about fast confirmations simply comes from people who don't understand what is going on and were bamboozled into thinking the ledger was the payment network. Fast confirmations are meaningless, secure and immutable confirmations are what counts. 
But what we are facing with these BU clowns is the last stand of people who don't want Bitcoin to progress, who want to halt technology so that Bitcoin can continue to be what it always was. They are still under the delusion that the ledger can be a payment network. They don't understand the tech anymore than those people from the 90s who thought the CD tray was a coffee mug holder. 
And the result is that now not only is everyone afraid that Bitcoin won't progress technologically, but there is even question about the security of the ledger as these miners go full retard. 
If miners want to know what is best for them . . . what's best for them is for them to DO THEIR FUCKING JOB and promote value to the network. 
   
@_date: 2017-03-13 15:17:49
There are two questions the larger community is increasingly asking. 
1) Why is Ver and Wu so afraid to give the developers a chance and see if segwit works? If it doesn't work, and the developers still refuse to raise the block limit, then have a revolt. But why revolt before we have even allowed their road map to play out? We needed scaling, the developers delivered code to do just that, with a road map to do more in the future, and you are revolting now? Why? 
2) Why, if the developers already agree that an increase in the block size will likely be necessary anyway, are they so entrenched against increasing it ahead of schedule, if for no other reason than to resolve the civil war? A simple compromise could end all of this madness, what is it that they are so afraid of? This is where you people begin to plug in conspiracy theories about Blockstream. 
I think the answer to  seems relatively clear: BU is -- at least for powerful miners like Wu -- an attempt to increase their power and monopolize the network. But they can't outright say that, they need an issue that gives them political leverage, and that issue is the network congestion -- one reason it was irresponsible for Core to ever let us get here so early in Bitcoin's infancy. If they were to agree with giving Core's road map a chance, they risk losing their political moment, congestion will be alleviated making cries for a block size increase fall on deaf ears. They need the network congestion to make this power grab work. 
This is why I support compromise. Because doing so will either cause BU to continue to resist, in which case it forces the BU powers to show their hand and expose that their real agenda is not about alleviating network congestion which would cause a dramatic decline in their political position; or it causes enough of them to agree -- isolating people like Wu who will have no choice but to reluctantly go along with the plan -- and network congestion is alleviated which also removes their political position (since it is dependent on the network congestion crisis to begin with). Compromise isn't about what is the best technical solution, it is a political move. Which brings me to 
The answer to  has to do, I think, with the fact that Bitcoin is an open source project, and as such is not well-equipped to respond to political dilemmas. Raising the block limit now makes little sense at a technical level to most developers while segwit is in play. Even though doing so would be a very wise political move, without CEOs to dictate what they should do, open source developers aren't persuaded, collectively, by politics. Trying to convince an open source project it needs to do something because of politics is like trying to convince an artist to intentionally make an ugly painting, or a professional cook to intentionally produce a bland meal. It is very hard for them to see how necessary this is right now.
@_date: 2019-11-06 05:33:54
If your goal is simply to demonstrate how bitcoin works, with the least friction possible---like if you are just sending your friends a couple euros worth---I'd suggest Coinbase Wallet. It is extremely easy to use, completely bypasses the mnemoic phrase, and they can receive bitcoin in seconds. 
Note that Coinbase has two apps: Coinbase and Coinbase Wallet, you want the latter which is a standalone bitcoin wallet, whereas the former requires a Coinbase account.
@_date: 2017-03-17 06:16:47
I think it is important to realize that the vast majority of Bitcoiners, whether they are hodlers or regular users, do not feel everything is OK. The problem is the community cannot agree on how to fix the problem. One side likes to pretend the other side is apathetic about the problem, but that is just political propaganda. 
@_date: 2019-11-06 05:18:31
Imagine you strike up a conversation with a waiter in a restaurant and offer to tip them in bitcoin. They are open to this and download a wallet. Upon opening it, they are told to write down 24 words. What are they going to do? They will put their phone back in their pocket and say, "some other time."
If the wallet bypasses this step, on the other hand, the way you propose (and I believe Coinbase Wallet works this way as well), they will discover how simple bitcoin is and perhaps even get excited.
Skipping the words makes a huge user experience difference, this cannot be overstated. Sure, security is compromised, but that is always the trade off. We can't all be expected to run full nodes or use hardware wallets, those advanced security practices are only necessary when dealing with larger sums of money.
The same principle applies to the mnemonic phrase. If you are about to send the waiter $500, then she will definitely want to write down the words. But if you are sending them $10, the backup is overkill and disrupts the user experience.
Mobile wallets are for small sums, they are meant to be easy to use and hassle free. The phrase is a hassle. I think mobile wallets are making the smart choice skipping this step and gently alerting the user that they haven't yet backed up the wallet, allowing the user to do this at their own leisure. If hardcore users want more security focused wallets, they already exist.
@_date: 2019-03-29 10:52:56


Yes. 
Really, the entire monetary system depends on, and gets its value from, taxes. Not only are taxes the legal foundation for forcing the use of the US dollar, but taxes represent the real income of the US government upon which it derives its ability to borrow. That borrowing, then, becomes the basis for the Fed, which acts as the primary lender, to print money which attains value through its exchange for debt. So fundamentally, the fiat system is rooted in taxes. Taxes measure how much debt can reasonably be created before having a detrimental effect on the currency. 
Now while the central bank and the US government more or less worked in tandem prior to 2008, a decoupling occurred as a consequence of the financial crisis, where the central bank was given the power by congress to print money to buy private sector debt. Today, a large portion of the Fed's balance sheet no longer consists of government debt, and this trend---the decoupling of central banks from their respective governments---seems to be occurring worldwide. 
Why is this important? Because traditionally the currency was backed almost entirely by government debt, which directly linked it to the credit worthiness of the government which was determined in large part by the amount of income the government was able to procure through taxes, as I've said. But now the national currency is also being backed by private sector debt which means that money creation is no longer simply a response to government debt creation and is therefore no longer a reflection simply of the real economy implied by taxation. 
Put differently, historically, the US government's debt creation was limited, in a soft sense, by the amount of revenue it generated through taxes, so that the expansion of debt reflected an expansion in the real economy---more growth equaled more taxes which implied more borrowing potential---and the money supply corresponding responded to that because the Fed printed money primarily in exchange for government debt. But following 2008 the money was being printed for an entirely different reason, not to purchase government debt, but to purchase the mortgage backed securities that had lost value following the 2008 crisis in order to prevent commercial banks from becoming insolvent. The money printing, in other words, no longer purely reflects real economic growth and is instead being used for the purpose of market manipulation (even if in a good cause). 
So while the real economy, measured through taxes, traditionally made up the backbone of the US dollar, today we are facing a situation where the dollar is increasingly becoming dependent instead on capital markets for its value. And since the Fed is not only increasingly backed by those markets, but also has the power to prop them up, it is increasingly finding itself in a situation where it has to continue to manipulate the markets in order for the currency to retain its value. This is resulting in a siphoning of value away from the real economy into the speculative markets and has the potential to rapidly erode faith in the US dollar in a way that wouldn't have been possible in the past short of a breakdown in government. That is to say, the scenario today is such that the US dollar could theoretically collapse without a corresponding collapse in government precisely because of the way it has increasingly decoupled from government. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 05:09:58


You essentially just predicted the FSWs of 2039, 2041, and 2044. That's incredible! Are you too from the future?
When power came from ownership of land, money was made out of earth materials (e.g. gold and silver). In the modern era, when power came from trust, money was made out of credit. In the post-modern era, when power comes from the control of information and data, money will be made out of encryption.
Trust, which was the foundation of modern power, is eroding all around us. Trust in institutions, trust in the media, trust in the financial system, trust in government, trust in science, trust in politicians -- the bedrocks of 20th century power -- are dying. This indicates that we are firmly transitioning into the post-modern era. A PoW network is designed to minimize trust. 
While it is true that centralization of mining can seemingly undermine this, the critical thing is that at any point that power can be usurped simply by overwhelming it. In a scenario where one country uses its hashing power in a hostile manner toward other countries, it is a simple matter of those other countries forming a hashing power coalition against it and/or increasing their production of hashing power. Right now mining is largely centralized because mining is financially incentivized, and some location have much cheaper electricity. But what is going to happen is that the incentives to mine are going to gradually shift, away from a pure profit motive toward the desire to have power over the network. 
Contrast this with a proof of stake system, where whoever controls the majority of coins gain permanent control, control that cannot be removed unless they voluntarily relinquish it. Proof of stake systems, once centralized cannot be decentralized unless the controlling power decides to do so, which means they eventually rely on trust -- a modern priority, not a post-modern one. And while this kind of currency is perfect for certain scenarios, (e.g., private currencies or national currencies) it is not suited for the kind of global, trustless currency that the 21st century will demand as the universal reserve and standard. 
I suspect what is going to happen is that producing energy simply to meet the demands of society will no longer be seen to be enough. More energy will always be better. And this won't just be because of the need to secure a country's interests in the financial network, it will be to secure its military safety as well, along with a variety of other things. So societies will seek to bring energy production down to whatever minimum they can obtain. Societies still relying on fossil fuels won't be able to compete with those who have endless renewable sources of energy. 
@_date: 2018-10-17 19:32:21
People say that it isn't fair that all these countries impose import taxes and then expect the US not to do the same. But what most people don't understand is that the United States empire doesn't come from selling its goods and services, it comes from forcing the world to sell all of the world's goods, services, products, and labor to the US for next to nothing. The goal of any empire is to force the subjugated to work and toil for your enrichment, and that is what the US has achieved, not through war, but through the power of the US dollar as the world's reserve currency. The fact that the US is now indicating that this power is coming to an end is not because of unfair trade policies, it is because the US is admitting that the American empire is coming to an end.
Fiat currencies get their value from the fact that they are required in order to buy goods and services in their respective countries. This means that central banks can only print as much currency as is justified by the demand for goods and services in the underlying economy lest they risk inflation. But with the US, this has not been the case because the demand for the US dollar did not come only from demand for US goods and services, but also from its status as the world's reserve currency. This allowed the US to consume much more than the actual underlying productive economy justified. Like empires of the past who consumed far beyond their base means by subjugating the labor and resources of others, the US has been able to live beyond its means because of the world's insatiable demand for the dollar.
But to a large degree, the US dollars status as reserve currency is quid pro quo. It is in the interest of most developing nations, including China, that the US be extended a huge credit line so it can continue to buy what these countries produce. As long as these countries are most interested in having export driven economies, they want there to be a consumer of last resort, as it were. Now the US is saying it doesn't want to be the consumer of last resort, and that begs the question: if the US isn't willing to buy and wants to compete as a producer, who is everyone going to sell to? And moreover, why should the US dollar remain the reserve currency and why should the US be given an unlimited credit line that it will use to compete with against the world? Up until now, the US dollar's status has been favorable in many regards to the rest of the world, but if the US intends to shift from being the consumer of last resort to being a competitor on the productive end, it no longer makes sense to encourage such privileged status to the dollar.
The US empire is over, that is what Trump is declaring to the world, and that is why the world feels so chaotic today.
@_date: 2017-01-02 15:07:32


In my way of thinking, the moment of money, in the banking sense, was the moment a piece of paper could be used to represent something of value and exchanged for that something. All the rest were just improvements. Your definition seems to entail the ability to exchange that piece of paper with more than one entity, I don't see why that is a requirement. 


If energy expenditure were simply being done, I would agree. But that is not what is happening, the energy expenditure is being *used* to purchase services from the server. You are saying that energy expenditure has no intrinsic value. But that is true of everything. Gold has no intrinsic value, but once people realized it could be used to create jewelry it acquired value. Same with burning energy in the case. In itself it has no value, but once people realized it could be used to prevent spam it acquired value. 


If PoW is just proof of burnt energy and has no economic value, why would you pay for it? I'm just giving you a hard time. 
The point is that the difference here is that in Ethereum, miners are paid directly through a depreciation in the value of the coin, that's not true of Bitcoin. Since, in PoS Ethereum, new coins are being generated at no cost, the number of coins (i.e., the supply) increases, but the sum total value of those coins does not (i.e., the market cap). If the total number of coins in Ethereum were 100, and the price of each ether were $1, then the total market cap would be $100. If you then increased the supply by 10 ether, where each new ether costs $0 (as opposed to $1 as they should), the new supply of ether would be 110, but the market cap would still remain at $100 ($100 + 10($0)), causing the actual value of each ether to be ~$0.91 ($100/110). By depreciating the value of ether, the system is redistributing wealth to the stake holders in order to pay them to mine. That's what I mean by it is using inflation, it is taxing the majority to pay the miners.
Compare that to Bitcoin: Let's say the total number of bitcoins were 100, and each bitcoin cost $1. The market cap would = $100. Now, say that 10 additional bitcoins were created. The costs of these bitcoins is roughly $1 since in Bitcoin it costs about that much in real life resources to mint new bitcoins. Now the total supply of bitcoins is 110, and the market cap is $100 + $10(1) = $110, meaning that bitcoins experience no inflation, their value remains at $1 per bitcoin. So the miners are not taking value from the larger community of bitcoin holders.
The problem is that when people talk about inflation in this space, they tend to simply mean the supply of coins increasing. But an increase in the supply of coins is just that, an increase in the supply of coins. Inflation means the depreciation of the purchasing power of the coin. If new coins are minted in such a way that the market cap remains unchanged, then no inflation occurs. So it isn't really fair to say that Bitcoin uses inflation to pay for PoW the way Ethereum does. 
 
@_date: 2019-11-04 18:01:33


Someone living paycheck to paycheck still cares about store of value, just on a much shorter time frame. Fiat currency, in a sense, is designed to appeal to precisely these types of users who don't hold it long enough to notice the loss in value. Fiat currency is a consumer facing product.
The real savings vehicle in a fiat system---in the sense that the OP is talking about as a long term store of value---is debt. Debt and currency are the two sides of the fiat monetary system, and when we talk about fiat money, we cannot talk about it without also talking about debt. Together, the currency and the debt form the monetary system.
Anyone intending to hold fiat for more than a few months is forced to lend that money---by buying bonds or putting it into a savings account (which effectively means lending the money to the bank), etc---which is another way of saying they hold money long term by holding debt. In doing so, they accrue interest that can theoretically keep pace with the rate at which the currency is losing value. In other words, debt in a fiat system is the instrument that one holds in order to save. The fiat currency itself is simply consumer facing and is designed purely as a medium of exchange, if you intend to save you exchange the currency for debt.
So really the fiat system separates the store of value aspect of money from the medium of exchange aspect of money. The medium of exchange is what you and I call "money," like the US dollar, and the store of value is debt denominated in that same currency, like US Treasury bonds.
When we think of inflation, we think of the way holding the currency long term causes you to lose wealth. But because people who intend to hold fiat currency long term do so by holding debt, the real inflation---in the sense we are talking about here---only occurs when holding debt overtime causes one to lose wealth. And until the GFC, this rarely occurred. But now, it is a growing epidemic.
If interest rates fall beneath the rate of inflation, one is effectively losing money by holding debt and that is the point where the monetary system cannot act as a long term store of value. Even if the currency were inflating at extremely high rates, as long as interest rates were higher than the rate of inflation, one could still save their wealth, despite inflation, by remaining in the monetary system (i.e., by holding debt). But once interest rates fall below the rate of inflation---either because they go negative OR because the interest rates lie below the rate of inflation---one cannot save by remaining in the fiat system.
@_date: 2018-10-06 22:41:53
Indeed. 
The SEC is just waiting to make sure everyone has time to quietly get on board before the train leaves the station.
@_date: 2018-10-05 15:54:50
Smart money doesn't FOMO which is precisely why they are buying now. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 16:02:16
The ATH represents that point where there *isn't a single person* who bought and held who saw the value of their investment go down. Seen this way, Mt Gox doesn't really count because Gox buyers saw their investment go to zero for reasons unrelated to the price of bitcoin. Regardless of whether we reach the ATH or not, these buyers will always be in the red. 
@_date: 2017-08-06 21:48:27
It is commonly said that the responsible thing to say is, "don't invest more than you can afford to lose." In fact, I'm guessing most of us tell people that . . . and yet what most of us are also probably thinking as the words come from our lips is exactly the opposite. Andreas Antonopoulos is a good example. He is constantly advising people only to invest in small amounts, not to invest more than they can lose . . . and yet my understanding is that he is personally almost entirely all in, even receiving his income in bitcoin. Apparently he does not take his own advice.
The problem is that average investors don't consider opportunity costs losses. For example, let's say you have the opportunity to invest $20,000 in a new project and at the last minute you change your mind because you listened to someone who said, "don't invest more than you can afford to lose." A year later the project has gone up 50x. You would have had 1 million dollars, but you don't. Most people don't see this as a loss, but the reality is that *your condition is exactly the same as if you had had a million dollars and lost 98% of it.* 
Which is worse, losing 20k or losing 1 million? When the person said, "don't risk more than you can afford to lose," was he talking about the risk of losing a million dollars? Up or down is a risk in investing, it requires a different mindset.
 
@_date: 2017-01-03 13:00:11
Well, yes. I certainly can't deny anything you've written. In fact, I think you are spot on. 
Bitcoin's road ahead is a daunting thing to imagine, to say the least. Particularly given that the state of the world and the way it seems so determined to lead us into a very different future from that implied by Bitcoin. The rise of the surveillance state and tracking technologies; the alliance between government, the tech giants, and banks, making it seem as if everything - to a certain degree including our thoughts - are no longer private; and the heavy push now to drive out cash and move the entire population into reliance upon banks -- an affair where you no longer have actual ownership over your money (money in a bank represents money you *loaned* to the bank, not money that you own in a guaranteed sense, which is particularly disturbing given the rapid way in which we are being forced to rely on them) -- all implies a centralization and degree of power unlike anything the world has ever known. How does Bitcoin compete with so much power?
With regard to the "Tulip Craze" analogy: perhaps we should refer to it as "Tulip Phrases," since there seems to have been roughly five of these hype-cycles thus far in Bitcoin's eight year history. It is clear that what you are describing -- where people jump the hype train without much awareness of the fundamentals -- happens in Bitcoin. I don't believe, however, that Bitcoin's *entire* trajectory has been one massive bubble, for the reasons I gave in my previous post. I'm not that familiar with the history of bubbles, but my impression is that they tend to be one shot deals. If I recall correctly, the actual bubble during the Tulip Craze only took place during a single year, then it was completely over. Most of the cryptocurrencies seem to experience these bubbles, few of them seem to recover from the collapse of their first bubble. That's, I suppose, why they are called pump and dumps. You are right that the same phenomena occurs in Bitcoin, but its as if she brushes them aside and carries forth, only slightly perturbed by these periods of excess. 
I think many people in the mainstream have been confused by the fact that the collapse of the previous Bitcoin bubble didn't end it completely. The collapse of a bubble is supposed to dispel the illusion, but if it doesn't, perhaps it wasn't entirely an illusion? I think this feeling that Bitcoin is back will inevitably subject it to increased scrutiny now as it becomes more felt that Bitcoin can't simply be ignored and left to die on its own.
It is certainly possible that as Power's concern, and perhaps even panic, eventually sets in about Bitcoin, that there will be attempts, like you say, to subvert or eliminate it. Should such an attack succeed, we very well likely could see the rise of another cryptocurrency, more defensible against these attacks and having learned from them, rise from Bitcoin's ashes. Bitcoin's strengths, as well as its weaknesses, come from the fact that it is the vanguard of cryptocurrencies. It has experienced more challenges to strengthen it than any other coin. But every year the nature of these challenges evolves and grows, hopefully Bitcoin won't run into one that overwhelms it. 
@_date: 2017-01-22 18:22:31
I like the idea of relying more heavily on the mBTC unit for many of the reasons people have already stated. But I think if we are really going to be honest with ourselves, we should at least consider the more radical possibility of moving the 'bitcoin' unit itself. This would bring a great deal more clarity to the currency than mBTC units possibly can. Ideally, I think, we would replace the current mBTC denomination with 'bitcoin,' so that if today you had 20 bitcoins, under this scenario you would instead say you had "20,000 bitcoins." 
Obviously this would be a radical step, and one that isn't likely to happen anytime soon. I can foresee, however, that if we do rely more heavily on mBTC, that eventually people will come to equate them with "bitcoins" anyway, and the migration of language at that point may seem more straightforward. But I also can imagine mBTC causing a lot of confusion in the interum. 
@_date: 2018-10-18 16:30:16
\&gt; they are human like the rest of us so their life is dictated by greed more then ideals
The richest people in crypto are generally the most idealistic. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 07:57:48
Even if, by some magic, it were possible for everything to go absolutely smoothly with everything running as usual, with the exception of black market activity now being excluded from using the currency -- a hypothetical that wasn't even theoretically possible, but for the sake of argument suppose it were -- India would still experience a massive recession. Black market activity probably makes up somewhere in the order of a quarter of all GDP in India, perhaps more. Excluding that economic activity is suicide.
Even the brightest possible scenario would have been ugly. Unfortunately for India, the reality is much more bleak than the brightest scenario. Governments that are attempting to drive people into the banking system are only destroying the value of national currencies by making these currencies less useful, less fungible, and causing them to lose their monetary properties. Well off Indians may not understand what the big deal is, but I suspect their nonchalant attitude will disappear once they see the pitchforks. 
@_date: 2018-10-29 18:54:28
You make some great points.
This issue of the real value of debts increasing due to the lack of price stability, however, is already occurring worldwide under the current paradigm in many emerging markets who owe a great deal of US dollar denominated debt. Their native currencies are now falling relative to the USD causing the real value of their debts to rise. So it isn't as if the current paradigm has solved this problem.
The problem with a central bank run global currency, on the other hand, is that monetary policy that helps one country can be detrimental to another, as we have seen in the eurozone. Giving such a global central bank the power to create the money everyone is using, sold at interest, without being beholden to the interests of the state would allow this foreign entity to slowly suck the wealth out of every country on Earth and give it the power to make and destroy nations. I doubt this is the future the world will decide to go with.
The main purpose of currency stability is ultimately to make lending possible, as you have suggested. But in a post-crypto world where there is a broad plurality of currencies and tokens and where banks---centralized and decentralized---issue private money, it will be upon those banks to provide price stability to their currencies. Maker is an early example of this, as are the various exchanges now offering stable coins to a lesser degree. Initially these stablecoins may be pegged to the USD, but eventually I expect they will be pegged to more abstract metrics of inflation and value, a global value index as it were. Their goal, and the goal of all banks, will be to provide guaranteed value stability rather than being pegged to a national currency. Ultimately, all of these banks will rely on the blockchain infrastructure of the grand public blockchains, like Bitcoin, and consequently these core blockchains and their associated currencies will become commodities representing the use of the world's financial infrastructure, but I don't expect debt to be denominated in blockchain base currencies.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:28:56
Segwit2x is an alternative to both by its nature. It was designed to be a compromise. However, we already have the chain small blockers want. And we already have the chain big blockers want. So now neither really want segwit2x. So what's the point?
@_date: 2017-01-01 06:45:53
There were a variety of digital currencies prior to bitcoin that failed, all for their own reasons, but none because they weren't currencies. Same is true of Hashcash. 
@_date: 2017-01-22 08:39:28
Sorry for the late response kybarnet. OK, let me try to answer some of your questions:


Bitcoin's are issued at a steady rate that is independent of the amount of electricity devoted to mining. The rate began at 50 bitcoins per block (~10 minutes), and the rate is halved approximately every four years. Today -- bitcoin being in its 8th year and having already experienced two halvings -- only 12.5 bitcoins are being added each block. So around 1,800 bitcoins per day, or 657,000 bitcoins annually. Currently there are around 16.1 million bitcoins in circulation. So, just doing the math, right now its around 4% annually. This number was obviously substantially higher in the past and continually gets smaller with time due in part to the fact that the rate of issuance is fixed while the total in circulation continues to grow. More importantly, of course, the number will shrink due to future halvings. Eventually, new bitcoins will no longer be generated, assuming there isn't substantial alterations to the code which is always a theoretical possibility.
So the purpose of all the electricity expenditure is not to actually generate bitcoin -- as the term 'mining' misleadingly implies. Miners' primary purpose is to record and secure the transaction history of the blockchain. 
In the digital world, computational power, it could be argued, is the ultimate resource. In 2002, Adam Back realized that because computational power requires electricity, and because electricity costs money, computational power could be translated into a digital token which then possesses the value of the costs that went into its production. This, of course, sounds very similar to the impression that many people have of bitcoin mining when they assume electricity is being used to generate bitcoins. In Back's system, that is precisely how it worked. 
When Satoshi Nakamoto developed Bitcoin, however, he made it so that instead of using computational power to generate tokens, the computational power was used to generate blocks -- a record of recent transactions -- in the blockchain. The block itself is imbued, if you will, with the value of the costs of producing it, and the miner who produces it then can award themselves bitcoin (12.5 today + transaction fees) which will be included as a transaction in the block. The amount rewarded, therefore, must, by economic necessity, be more valuable than the costs of producing the block. Thus, the costs that went into producing blocks cannot exceed the value of the average reward the miner expects to gain if he wishes his business to remain profitable. Put simply, the amount of electricity used will loosely follow the price of bitcoin. 
If someone wishes to alter the transaction history of the blockchain, she must write her own phony blocks, which ultimately requires -- for reasons more than I can go into here -- more computational power than all the miners combined. The more distant the block she wishes to rewrite, the more power she needs. Today, the computational power of bitcoin miners is tens of thousands of times more than the computational power that the world's top 500 super computers combined could produce (thanks in large part to bitcoin specialized mining hardware). So its not an easy task. 
So while the incentive to attack Bitcoin increases the more valuable it becomes, the more valuable it becomes the more its security increases. 


Transaction fees, which represent the price for having your transaction included in a block, have gone up because demand for block inclusion has overcome the available supply. But the technologies are in place to bring these fees down dramatically for average users, they simply are having a hard time being deployed due to the civil war. 
The time to clear a transaction has also increased for some users due to not including enough of a transaction fee for miners to prioritize their transaction. Again, this won't be an issue assuming we can get past the civil war roadblock. It's important to remember, however, that all bitcoin transactions are instantaneous. What takes time, however, is the *immutability* of that transaction. This is only a concern for the recipient, since there is always the remote possibility that the sender will undo the transaction before it gets settled on the blockchain. But as a sender, if you know you intend to pay someone, then once you have sent the payment it is a done deal as far as you are concerned (assuming you included a transaction fee). 


This is a complicated issue, for a large variety of reasons. Since bitcoin is not tethered to any particular society or system, it really can't be designed with a flexible supply to match any particular society's value.  
It's best to think of Bitcoin as a kind of global, decentralized, central bank, in my opinion. The next stage in its evolution -- assuming we can get past the current impasse -- will include allowing independent blockchains to developed around, and tethered to, the Bitcoin blockchain. The idea is that Bitcoin will act as a kind of clearing house for these other blockchains. If this is how things unfold, and Bitcoin does eventually become widely depended upon, it is conceivable that the algorithm will be updated to allow for short term lending and borrowing of bitcoin in order to maintain price stability. I'm just speculating, of course. 
In other words, when I conceive of a world that relies heavily on bitcoin, I don't actually envision it being a currency that is commonly used by average consumers. Instead, I imagine it being the base currency, or tier 1 network, underlying a financial system built around blockchains. If the world does, indeed, shift to blockchains, there will be the need for a global, *public*, blockchain, one which is neutral, tamper proof, and secure. The reserve currency, if you will, will naturally be one that does not pick favorites, nor pick its policies based on the priorities of a particular nation or system. But we are talking about a scenario that is decades away, if ever. 
I suppose what I am trying to say is that the problem of the inflexible supply, the "deflation" problem, is one we come up with because we imagine bitcoin in its current state and ponder how it could possibly work as a global currency. But I suspect the reality is that by the time we even get close to that being of actual concern, Bitcoin and its surrounding ecosystem will look so dramatically different than it does today the question will have to be completely re-framed. 
@_date: 2018-10-26 17:15:56
What happens if you pay John with the stablecoin for a microwave and then the next week John decides to use that stablecoin to buy drugs?
Many, if not most, of the users of Tether don't actually have accounts at Bitfinex, they can't actually exchange Tether for USD. That doesn't prevent them from using Tether to buy altcoins and it doesn't prevent Tether from maintaining its peg.
Likewise with all of these other stablecoins: the majority of users of these stablecoins will likely not even have accounts at their associated exchange, so how can these exchanges enforce their ToS?
And then you have the further problem that other stablecoins will either be baskets of existing stablecoins or not backed by fiat at all (e.g., DAI) and these decentralized stablecoins will be exchangeable for other stablecoins 1:1. Attempting to track down what someone is doing with their DAI in order to enforce the TOS of USDC---when you don't even know if the user of DAI is the same person as the initial purchaser of USDC---will be impossible to achieve without causing USDC to fail. Short of forcing customers not to use USDC for any purpose other than storing wealth, how can you enforce the ToS?
@_date: 2018-10-07 05:36:04
*Bitcoin never had zero value and never will as long as it exists*. The only way bitcoin can ever have zero value is for it to cease to exist entirely. Bitcoin is digital gold.
To say that bitcoin could theoretically have zero value---or to claim that at some point in the past it did actually have zero value---is to claim that the process of generating bitcoin can at some point become free, or was in the past free, because if it isn't free to mine new bitcoin then the value of bitcoin is the cost to mine it, as Satoshi himself explained.


If the price is zero, then production should likewise reduce to zero. Since it is theoretically impossible for the cost of mining a bitcoin to ever be free (within the constraints of existing technology), the only way bitcoin can ever actually achieve zero value---today or in the past---is for all mining to cease and for the network to disappear.
When Satoshi wrote the above quote, [bitcoinmarket.com]( didn't exist and no one had yet sold any bitcoin to anyone else which is why he wrote:


Satoshi was saying that the production cost---i.e., the cost to mine it---was the value of bitcoin. Despite there not being a market, despite it being impossible to sell bitcoin, despite the fact that no one had ever sold it, Satoshi recognized that bitcoin had value based on production cost because Satoshi understood the economics of the system. He then said:


In other words, Satoshi was saying that in the early days the cost of production (i.e., mining) was determining the value of bitcoin, not the market (because no market yet existed), but one day when a market appeared the cost of production would eventually follow the market.
When people say bitcoin had zero value, what they mean is that there was no market for it. However, bitcoin never required a market to have value, and its my contention that had there been a market place or exchange from day one, bitcoin would have immediately achieved market value. A few stories about people who failed to sell bitcoin, either because they were asking for too much, or because of the inconvenience of transacting such small amounts over the internet, or concerns over anonymity, or the difficulty of match making, or the impatience of the seller, or whatever the reasons were, does not prove bitcoin had no value. Try selling a couple bucks of Timicoin or Rotharium or some other shitcoin no one has ever heard of without using an exchange, it's not going to be easy, yet these coins nevertheless have market value.
@_date: 2017-08-12 21:47:02
Not sure Mike Hearn would agree with you on that. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 19:51:21


Again, isn't this like saying the cost of investing in Bitcoin creates selling pressure? If I want to invest in bitcoin, I can either buy some on an exchange, or purchase a miner and mine some. Same thing.
@_date: 2018-10-06 20:41:54
Bitcoin never had zero value. In fact, before bitcoin was ever even used in an actual real-world transaction (the famous pizzas), Satoshi wrote:














People were already desperately mining bitcoin before there was even a market for it. This is because, as Satoshi himself said, people were **speculating** that it would have future value. 
This is no different than people who bought Ethereum during its ICO despite there not being a market for the coin. They were speculating that eventually, in the future, ether would have market value. With bitcoin, people were already using expensive rigs and mining setups---all of which required capital---before it ever even had a market price. And Satoshi began mining bitcoin as vigorously as he could from day 1 because he was the first person to realize its future promised value.
This idea that the early miners of bitcoin were just doing it for no reason whatsoever, just to collect some meaningless token that had no value, is just not consistent with the actual history of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2018-10-09 05:25:59
In the old days, people had this idea that the goal was to get big companies like Amazon to accept bitcoin. But the problem is that the credit card is intrinsically designed and optimized for consumer-to-institution commerce and since that is its forte, its unlikely to be out-competed by crypto.
Crypto's power, among many things, is that it opens up the possibility of peer-to-peer commerce in the digital space, something the credit card cannot do. The problem with the credit card is that whoever has your number is free to withdraw as much money as they want, so it doesn't really work in a peer-to-peer scenario, it is designed to work when a consumer needs to buy something from a trusted institution.
But with crypto, now you can transact directly with individuals, small businesses, networks, strangers, etc, without having to trust anyone with your credit card number. The possibilities that this opens up are endless and when these possibilities begin to be realized---initially through a trickle and then eventually through a flood---that is when the new economy will begin to take shape.
The old economy revolves around the idea of the disconnected consumer, whose economic purpose principally revolved around a relationship with institutions and companies rather than other individuals. The individual accumulates money by working for these institutions and companies, and then spends money by buying from these institutions and companies. In this scenario, the credit card not only works well but encourages economic activity to remain person-to-corporation only, rather than person-to-person.
The reason the person-to-person dimension of crypto is so powerful is that in the internet age, person-to-person networks---social networks---essentially act as organizational structures that previously we required institutions for. Networks will become the new corporations of the 21st century, but for that to happen social networks must go beyond just information and move into becoming economic networks, and that requires the bloodstream of liquidity that peer-to-peer money provides, an impossibility with the credit card.
@_date: 2017-08-17 21:52:38
I think you are mistaking me with the person who you were initially responding to. You don't even understand my point. But I'm not interested in arguing with people whose only reason for typing is to "win." 
@_date: 2017-08-19 13:56:48
You probably should stick with paper cash . . . or metal coins. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:19:42
Well said. 
One thing that is very exciting to see is that for the first time, r/btc is showing signs of enthusiasm and optimism, rather than just frustration and anger. BCH has liberated the big blocker community, and that tells me it has a future. But many in that community are so battle hardened, and so full of anger, that their hate for Core still inspires more passion than their love for BCH. Over time I expect that to lessen, as Core becomes increasingly irrelevant to their affairs. The frustration they felt was that their dreams for Bitcoin were being stymied by the Bitcoin lead developers. Now they have an platform to realize those dreams. And it is entirely conceivable we may one day see the development of BCH as having been extremely healthy for the ecosystem and that both chains may, in the long run, actually become stronger from their co-existence. (I'm not ready to say I believe that will be the case, but it does seem possible.)
Hopefully, good people in both communities can begin to reach out to one another. Hopefully this can, overtime, heal the wounds and convince each respective camps' warriors to lay down their arms.
The Bitcoin civil war may have yet a ways to go before it completely plays out. But, in reality, the event that began its end was the birth of Bitcoin Cash. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 02:35:26
The best reason given: governments will crack down on Bitcoin with such a mighty vengeance -- using their full arsenal of weapons, everything from making it illegal to using the spy agencies against it -- as to either marginalize it, or to destroy it entirely. 
2nd best reason: infighting, squabbling, and the civil war will end up halting Bitcoin's progress and perhaps even destroy its reputation (with a hard fork, for example), allowing a competing coin to displace Bitcoin. 
I don't really consider the idea of the banking system creating their own bitcoin as much of a threat to Bitcoin, but that was also a popular concern for people a few years ago. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 07:45:18
[People have been asking this question since bitcoin was $2.] (
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:53:41
Yes. But this demand for an increase NOW is precisely why we didn't get one. If Segwit had been permitted to activate a year ago, as hoped, we would have had the necessary increase for reasonable fees, time to evaluate 2nd layer solutions, and if none worked we would have had overwhelming community consensus about a block size increase. 
It was precisely this desperate impatience and demand for immediate action that has caused the community to split in two and ultimately the split in the chain itself. Just exactly as no one is arguing against 2nd layer solutions, no one was arguing against block size/capacity increases. This entire war came about from reckless impatience.   
@_date: 2017-08-17 05:26:11
You aren't wrong -- well, I'm not sure that the majority of businesses/exchanges are actually on board -- it's just that your arguments and concerns belong to a debate that has since past, to the block size debate era which ended when we split into two chains and both sides got what they wanted. Granted, perhaps the moderates deserve their own chain too, but I don't see how that would be remotely helpful. 
The whole purpose of the compromise was to avoid a chain split. The chain split occurred. The compromise is now irrelevant. 
It's like if you had a married couple compromise over the television schedule. Half the time they'd watch romances, the other half action movies. Then they get divorced. The compromise over the television schedule becomes irrelevant at that point.  
Because the compromise is no longer relevant, Segwit2x becomes reduced to an effort to oust the Core devs from their position for apparently no reason whatsoever.    
Since the majority of the community and investors don't actually see what is being gained by this, but what would be lost is clear, it is highly unlikely that this so called "compromise," with supposed "consensus," won't result in a massively contentious split. Really, I don't see what is gained by 2x . . .  and I supported it. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 06:13:52
@_date: 2017-01-02 18:47:19
I imagine miners who have to constantly sell in order to keep their head above water wouldn't survive a bear market. The types of miners who end up securing the blockchain in the long run are miners who can weather a storm, who have enough money or credit to continue operations until profits can be resumed. Like with any business, there are those who are savvy, and those who are not, there are those with sound financial sense, and those who are over leveraged and easily overwhelmed. But on the whole, *the pressure is to never sell at a loss if possible,* and that is the point. The *pressure,* not the specific cases or outliers, but the pressure on the industry as a whole is to make profit, and you don't do this buy selling at a loss. This pressure is what helps protect Bitcoin from both inflation and deflation.  
@_date: 2017-01-11 04:09:02
I'm struggling to grasp what this video has to do with Bitcoin. Peter Schiff isn't a bitcoiner -- far from it -- and, as far as I can tell, nothing in this video is relevant to bitcoin, except to say, "look, Peter Schiff is a smart guy, perhaps we should take his recent critiques of bitcoin seriously."
Honestly, I think at least some of Schiff's concerns over bitcoin derive simply from the fact that bitcoin's success is potentially threatening to gold, Schiff's main business. 
But, that aside, his critique of bitcoin essentially boils down to the idea that bitcoin is Monopoly money. Put more precisely, he thinks that it lacks intrinsic value, and that it's limited supply is an illusion because cryptocurrencies are infinitely reproducible. 
But he is focused on the digital token and not Bitcoin's underlying value proposition which derives from its public blockchain and the network. You can produce an infinite number of shitty blockchains, but no one is going to use them. Schiff's argument is a bit like saying Google was never going to go anywhere because anyone with some programming skill could create a search engine. Sure, anyone can create a blockchain, but unless it offers some fundamental advantages over Bitcoin's, no one will use it.
Once you understand this you can see that Bitcoin does have a kind of emergent intrinsic value -- just as Google did -- and that value comes from the blockchain. This certainly doesn't guarantee that Bitcoin won't be overcome by one of its competitors, particularly if its blockchain ultimately proves to be inferior. But it is to say that you can't simply say that because an unlimited number of blockchains can be created, none of them have value. That's like saying Amazon has no value because there's no limit to the number of online retail stores that can be created. 
@_date: 2018-10-09 15:39:26
I agree. There needs to be more push back against bitcoin maximalism. It is a toxic philosophy. The maximalists are right to emphasize the importance of censorship resistance, decentralization of the network, and immutability, but their hostility toward everything else makes them toxic. 
This isn't 2016 where the community needed to choose whether to prioritize payments or security on the base layer. This is 2018, where the base layer is secured and we are getting a second layer capable of superior payments to what the base layer ever could have achieved. So why is Song still stuck in 2016? 
I suspect it is because the Bitcoin Cashers have recently made another PR push in their desperation to keep BCH relevant before LN undoes their value proposition, and this fires up the maximalists. The truth is, Bitcoin Cash is going to have to find new purpose post-LN and they already know it which is precisely why they are undergoing a civil war of their own. 
What concerns me is that a lot of these maximalists are going to need to move on from the war with BCH once LN puts the debate to rest, and a lot of these guys have absolutely no vision.
@_date: 2017-01-17 22:22:06
I really enjoyed reading this. Thanks so much for taking the time. 
Whenever you have a closed system -- whether it be an online video game like World of Warcraft, or a nation like the United States -- with a currency that is required to transact within that system, then the value of that currency is directly correlated to the value of that closed system.
In many systems, if the currency wishes to retain price stability within its respective closed system, then it must be created or destroyed in a manner that corresponds to the rise or fall of its respective system's value. In some system, on the other hand -- and this includes Bitcoin -- price stability can be obtained not by increasing/decreasing the supply of currency, but the supply of the underlying components of value which the system produces. As long as it does either of these, inflation and deflation do not occur. 
Note that this says nothing about the relative value of this currency to other currencies. The price stability is *within* the closed system. 
So, for example, imagine you had two social media networks which used tokens which were reward based on activity, and could be spent to collect artificial *likes* on your submissions. In both platforms, the cost of a like is 1 token and the total number of issued tokens in both platforms is ~1000. The cost of a *like* here is then 1/1000th of the total value of all currency in circulation.
Now say social media platform A doubles in activity and consequently the amount of currency issued also doubles. Now the value of an artificial like is 1/2000th of the total value of all currency in circulation, and one would suppose this represents inflation. Presumably in order to preserve the value of a *like* it would have to double in cost, from 1 token to 2, so as once again to represent 1/1000th of the total value of the currency. However, because the number of people available to *like* submissions has doubled, a *like* is now only half as valuable as it was previously. So rather than the cost of a *like* doubling, it remains fixed at its original cost of 1 token, and no inflation occurs. 
However, as social media platform A continues to grow, say that platform B stagnates, and perhaps even shrinks. Many users of platform B desire to exchange their B tokens for A tokens so they can switch platforms. Even though the cost of a *like* on platform B is 1 B token, and the cost of a *like* on platform A is 1 A token, the tokens do not exchange 1:1 because the value of platform A is greater than that of platform B and consequently more people desire A tokens than B tokens. So while the cost of a *like* in platform A remains fixed at 1 token, the value of an A token increases relative to other currencies outside its system. 
In Bitcoin, the bitcoin token is required to use the blockchain. The price is represented in transaction fees. Even if you don't intend to use the blockchain to transfer bitcoins -- for example, if you wish to transfer Counterparty tokens -- you still require bitcoin in order to use it. So inflation or deflation in bitcoin is measured in transaction fees, not in the value of the currency relative to other currencies (e.g., the USD) as many people imagine. 
Currently, the average cost to using the blockchain is roughly around 0.00015 bitcoin. Three years ago the average price was around 0.0001 bitcoin, perhaps lower. So there has been substantial inflation. In Bitcoin's case it is because the supply of block space has not kept up with the increased demand. But if the scaling issue is resolved -- and hopefully it will be -- then we should expect the value of bitcoin *internal to the system* to increase. That is to say, Bitcoin combats inflation not by decreasing the supply of bitcoin, but by increasing the supply of block space. 
Notice none of this has anything to do with the value of bitcoin *relative to other currencies.* Though the value of bitcoin has experienced inflation internal to its system, externally the price has appreciated dramatically. Many people critique bitcoin as a currency because of its lack of stability relative to national currencies. But internal to the Bitcoin system, the price of the currency has remained remarkably stable, despite the high amount of recent inflation due to the fact that the Bitcoin Civil War has been preventing it from scaling efficiently. 
Ultimately, Bitcoin's value comes from how highly its blockchain is valued and how much people want to use it. Many people are of the opinion that Bitcoin's value proposition is as a currency and that the more it is *used* as a currency, the more valuable it will become. But then they run up against this issue of the fact that bitcoin isn't designed to be a measure of unit for systems outside of the blockchain. The press translates this quandary by talking about the issue of its "volatility," but ultimately the issue derives from the fact that one is intending to use bitcoin as a currency in systems external to it (much like using GBPs inside a game like World of Warcraft).  
This is why I have come to side with the "digital gold" camp, because it is the simplest way of explaining bitcoin's value proposition. But it is *vital* that we understand that this does not simply mean that bitcoin has the property of being a store of value. It means we must ask *what it is that gives bitcoin its value,* and the answer to that, it seems to me, is the blockchain. 
This is why it is so critical that everything humanly possible be done to increase the *value* of the blockchain -- not the cost of transaction fees, but the intrinsic value of the blockchain itself -- and I fear that if we think of bitcoin too simply as a currency, and dismiss the blockchain as simply the technology which makes that currency possible, we fail to appreciate the value of the underlying system from which that currency derives value in the first place. It is perfectly reasonable to suspect that bitcoin adoption as a currency will increase the value of the blockchain. But its use as a currency may actually come later in the equation, and reliance on the blockchain, for a variety of uses, may actually be far more important to this eventual use as currency than the other way around, as many people suspect.   
  
@_date: 2017-01-11 07:28:35
Ah, the perennial question of how to quickly define Bitcoin. I still like [Marcus Ortman's answer on Conan O'Brien]( back in 2014:


@_date: 2018-10-19 17:03:34
I love this video. He posted this toward the end of the previous bear market, to give it some context. When everyone else was feeling very pessimistic from the bear market, this newb shows up, completely oblivious to the despair going on in the ecosystem, and just exuded the kind of excitement that was like the sun peeking through the clouds.  
@_date: 2017-01-22 18:27:55
Somehow I get the feeling this isn't the actual title of the article . . . 
@_date: 2017-08-14 05:26:25
Anyone who wants to become the benevolent dictator of Bitcoin likely has an ego too large to be contained by a single person. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:42:27
Although it is hard to see this right now, PoW guarantees that the distribution of power is always fluid and capable of keeping the political dimensions of the system malleable, which is more suited for a world currency, whereas PoS eventually resembles a privately own corporation. 
For example, right now in Bitcoin, the Chinese miners have managed to congregate quite a large percentage of the network's power distribution. However, in PoS, their relative power would remain fixed, like an individual who owns the majority of stake in a company. If they own 51% of the network's stake, they will always own at least 51% unless they voluntarily choose to sell. In PoW, new miners are free to enter the system and disrupt the relative distribution of power. 
We see, for instance, that Russia is now preparing to heavily invest in mining, and as Bitcoin continues to become successful, we should expect this sort of thing to continue around the globe, in particular because Bitcoin mining is a way of earning money from excess energy being produced. Since mining excess energy is free, and only the costs of the mining units come into consideration, the barrier to entry is much lower. This will become increasingly relevant as renewable energy becomes more efficient and low cost. If households are producing their own energy, integrating bitcoin miners will allow them to earn income from their excess energy, further bringing down the costs associated with solar. This could potentially hasten the adoption of renewable energy world wide. It may seem far fetched today, but as Bitcoin becomes globally accepted, it will just seem natural. (Many people, including Vitalik, criticize PoW for contributing to climate change, but we need a bigger picture here.) 
All of this will, over time, reduce the relative share of power controlled by existing bitcoin mining firms, and will help decentralize Bitcoin's security. This is only possible, however, precisely because anyone is free to add their mining to the network. In a proof of stake system, by contrast, the amount of total stake is more or less fixed, so in order to mine the network you need first to buy other people's stake. This leads to a situation not only where power become accumulated, but permanently entrenched. Now, of course, there are some situations where you actually want this, but for a decentralized world currency, it is best if you don't have anyone with guaranteed de facto ownership of the network. It is hard to see this today because of the centralization that has occurred with Chinese mining, giving the impression that PoW leads to the same result. But I expect the combination of Bitcoin becoming more popular and the world moving toward distributed energy will change the equation. 
On the flip side, while PoS is more vulnerable to being centrally controlled, it is actually more secure against hostile actors, assuming the hostile actors aren't the central controllers. Because power is entrenched, it becomes exponentially more difficult for external actors to 51% attack the network. If someone wanted to attack the network, they would need to buy up 51% stake, but the more they bought, the higher the price would rise making it more expensive to buy. And, worse, if there is a group who already controls more than 51% and are never willing to sell, the attacker is shit out of luck. Furthermore, hostile actors within the system can easily be identified and isolated. Because stake is used, rather than hash power, there are ways for the network to censor the bad actors. In proof of work, on the other hand, hash power is hash power, you can't really censor it except to change the PoW algorithm, which would hurt everyone.  
@_date: 2017-01-13 19:44:03
The harsh reality is: 
A) the more fiat currency turns digital, the more it loses its properties as money -- most importantly, its fungibility due to surveillance. This makes it increasingly worthless for the black market.
B) The black market is estimated to carry 20-25% of world GDP.
Is this good for bitcoin? Clearly, it's a double edged sword. 
@_date: 2017-01-11 05:54:09
There's a big difference between digital tokens and cryptocurrency. After all, World of Warcraft money is a kind of digital token, most US dollars are digital tokens. Schiff really isn't all that different from Paul Krugman in his critique of Bitcoin. Both of them seem baffled why anyone would get excited about a digital token when we already have so many of them. The difference between Schiff and Krugman is that Schiff believes digital tokens need to be backed by gold, Krugman believes backing with debt is sufficient. But both of them think Bitcoin is simply a digital token backed by nothing. 
Schiffs support for goldmoney.com: Are you familiar with the history of [E-gold]( It's worth reading the wikipedia page on it if you aren't, a very interesting piece of digital currency's history. Perhaps I am mistaken, but it sounds to me that goldmoney.com is a lot like E-gold 2.0, and things didn't end well for E-gold or its users.
@_date: 2017-08-17 21:55:41
It's an interesting topic, if you actually want to discuss rather than throw around insults. 
@_date: 2017-01-11 05:11:23
Intrinsic value is a bit of an oxymoron since value is, by definition, a relative concept. Short of God or existence, nothing really has intrinsic value. 
But when we are talking about money, I think the concept is meant to convey the idea that the commodity from which a money is made still has value apart from its use as money. With cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, this property is emergent and dependent on the degree to which the network is used for things beyond just money (Andreas Antonopoulos's "Money is just the first app").
You can imagine if the network became used for all sorts of things beyond just money that then few people would even ask what the intrinsic value of bitcoin was, as it would seem self-evident, a bit like asking what the intrinsic value of Google is. It is only because the network seems to have few uses at present beyond making bitcoin transactions that people wonder what the intrinsic value of bitcoin is. 
@_date: 2017-01-11 07:52:40
Fiat currencies are in the process of losing fungibility. It isn't clear yet what impact this will have on these currencies since we've never really seen this historically speaking. What seems clear to me, however, is that it is vital that bitcoin increase its privacy, anonymity, and fungibility, or it will be superseded by another cryptocurrency. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 17:22:15
Great points. 
When we ask the question, "What's keeping these businesses committed to the agreement?" The answer almost always boils down to: reputation. 
In other words, it doesn't appear that most signatories are particularly dedicated to 2x on ideological or even technical grounds. They have no deep love for Jeff Garzik or desire to boot Core, and whatever support they show for a capacity increase is usually measured. Their primary reasons for signing the agreement in the first place was to provide a way for Bitcoin to move forward and avoid a chain split and the chaos and damage to its reputation that would ensue. That isn't to say that some members' agenda wasn't more hostile -- Jihan Wu, for example, clearly intends to use the agreement to displace Core -- but overall I think it is safe to assume that most entered with good intentions. 
But what has happened is that because the pressure from the debate has largely been alleviated from the BCH split, remaining committed to 2x now appear to lead us down the very road toward chaos that the 2x signers were initially trying to avoid by creating the agreement. Which means that 2x has no real purpose now -- at least from the perspective of these well-intended signers -- and the only thing keeping them in is concern for their reputations. Furthermore, the need for an immediate capacity increase, at least for now, has also been alleviated since we are getting that with segwit with LN soon to follow. So to whatever extent the signers were expressing their frustration with the high fees, that frustration is less amplified. 
So, ** The intention of the majority of NYA signers was to avoid the very thing the NYA now promises to produce. NYA signers commitment to segwit2x may still be intact, but it has relaxed, and this is felt lack of pressing need for 2x is increased by the fact that solutions to scaling are already now in motion. 
And it may be true, as you suggest, that some capacity increase proponents are not satisfied with BCH. Unfortunately for them, however, BCH is actually closer to what a sizable portion of the big block community wants, many in their community are hostile to segwit entirely, and segwit2x threatens a pure chain's future, a chain that represents "Satoshi's original vision." 
Segwit is also a threat to ASIC BOOST miners, because it makes covert ASIC BOOST impossible, and this is made worse if Core remains in charge since they are hostile toward ASIC BOOST. 
So the big blocker community is certainly not thrilled with segwit2x, and this is made worse by the fact that seg2x actually threatens BCH's prospects for two reasons: 1) it prevents a lot of the big blocker community and miners from committing to the BCH chain and 2) it robs BCH of its main selling point which is its superior capacity. BCH offers a way out for big blockers, but not as long as they still tacitly believe that maybe the future is still with BTC. And, again, while BCH may not be what some portion of the big block community wants, it is enough to divide their community since it is exactly what the "Satoshi's vision" faction wants. 
ASIC BOOST miners probably put forward BCH as insurance, and its existence means that either way -- whether 2x is acted on or not -- they will be able to continue to use the technology. If 2x is dropped and Core remains in control and overt ASIC BOOST is doomed on the Core chain, these miners can still use the tech on the BCH chain which will now be more valuable as big blockers abandon the Core chain. 
So ** what I am suggesting is that the commitment to seeing a further capacity increase on BTC has not only substantially relaxed within the NYA signer community, but within the big blocker community as well. 
This brings us to the Core supporting community. If the other two communities are now less enthusiastic about 2x, this community will be downright hostile:
It appears that resistance to 2x is mild right now among the Core camp in large part for the reasons you gave. The BCH fork may have caused some complacence. This is compounded by the fact that the price is going insane, we are getting segwit, and everyone is generally in a celebratory mood and don't want that interrupted. Basically, people don't want to think about 2x right now and are hoping the whole problem will just . . . disappear. And there are many reasons to suspect that it might, so the community's apathy at this stage seems understandable.
But I suspect that with time the community will increasingly grow hostile toward 2x. It isn't opposition to the capacity increase that motivates this community, it is fear of what Bitcoin would be without Core. Hostility toward 2x will become hostility toward its signers and their businesses, and the more visible members of the agreement will find their reputations under assault. Initially some within the Core supporting community may just shrug their shoulders and try to dismiss the threat of 2x as BCH 2.0, but as community leaders continue to ring warning bells, the community will eventually understand that 2x is a threat. These conditions could tremendously damage the reputations of leaders in the space who will now be seen by a large portion of the community as orchestrating an attempted coup for the sake of power. Most of the signers were just doing what they thought was best for Bitcoin, they don't want their reputations hurt or their businesses abandoned. 
So when we talk about signatories protecting their reputations, we have to consider that their reputations can be potentially greatly damaged either way, whether they exit the agreement or stick with it. 
So, ** we not only have the NYA signers and the big blocker community losing enthusiasm over 2x, but the r/bitcoin Core supporting community potentially growing extremely hostile toward it. 
In short, there aren't actually any larger political communities that have any real commitment to 2x, and there is plenty of resistance against it. It is hard to imagine that 2x will retain a strong market value without faith or confidence, the foundations of money. 
We also have to consider the non-signing economic forces and what kind of influence their decisions will contribute. Presumably, if they didn't sign the agreement in the first place, that is because they don't particularly agree with it. If it becomes clear that the economic majority is divided on this, the prospect of a smooth transition erodes and people gain clarity about how contentious the hard fork will be, further pressuring those who wish to avoid such chaos from backing the NYA. 
And more, you have a large percentage of miners -- miners who were signalling for segwit long before 2x even existed -- that have no reason to remain committed to the agreement, no heavy reputation concerns, and probably signed in the first place solely to force in segwit and reduce the competitive strain ASIC BOOST has had on their businesses. The best way for these miners to see ASIC BOOST killed at this point is actually sticking with Core. They may have just been playing Jihan. 
And finally, we have Core. Core isn't going to budge in my opinion. There's three reasons for this. 1) They are persuaded by the logic of the code, so to speak, and 2x makes no sense to them. 2) They are convinced that they will prevail. 3) They are convinced that whatever doesn't kill Bitcoin makes it stronger. Core is already preparing for the hard fork, this means they are sending a clear message to the community they have no intention of caving to the NYA. I believe if we look at Core's history and how they operate, we can say with near certainty that they will happily fall over the cliff to see if Bitcoin can fly, rather than compromise on their ideological purity. So it is useless for us to hope that Core might compromise and we should probably remove that possibility from our calculus.  
In light of all this, my present conclusion is that a substantial portion of the NYA signers will seek a way out that doesn't damage their reputations. Whether they can find it is another matter. This can be better achieved if they come together, as a faction, and collectively agree to abandon the agreement, rather than risk their reputations individually. It is even conceivable, though perhaps not likely, that Wu might join this faction should it form.
@_date: 2017-08-17 18:42:17
The banking system, which is the backbone of credit card companies, is intimately connected with government. The primary product which banks sell, credit, comes in the form of their respective government's currency, which is issued by central banks, which are quasi-government institutions. So I'm not really sure where you are coming from. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 00:09:50
Your analogy is a good one, but it isn't complete. Imagine the exact same scenario, but instead of simply burning the money in front of the bouncer as a means for entry, the bouncer then handed you a token with your name on it which you could use for entry. In RPOW, the name was removed from the token so that it could be used by other people, and therefore could be used as exchange. 
PoW isn't like the creation of paper. It is like the creation of paper money. The very first paper money was developed in the 16th century and were receipts for gold that people deposited with goldsmiths who were early bankers. These receipts were made out in the name of the depositor, and he could redeem his gold by returning to the goldsmith with the receipt. Notice that because these receipts were issued to an individual, they could not be traded with anyone, they could only be used as proof of ownership to the goldsmith. *Eventually* it dawned on people that by removing the depositors name from these bearer instruments, they then could be freely exchanged and anyone who possessed such a receipt could redeem the gold, regardless of who the initial depositor was. *This is exactly analogous to the realization that RPoW could be used to make Hashcash an instrument that could be exchanged beyond its primary use-case.* Hashcash is analogous to the earliest form of paper money when it simply represented a receipt for deposits.
I'm not exactly sure what you mean by "burnt energy has no value." If it had no value, burning energy would be free, and wouldn't work to prevent spam or work to secure the blockchain. Energy in the case of Hashcash is being used to prevent spam, and the value of hashcash is defined by how valuable spam prevention is. You pay for this value in electricity.  
I'm also not clear on why you are asking me if I understand that Bitcoin PoW is implemented in a different way that RPoW. As you pointed out, previous systems were unable to solve the double spend problem without centralization. This is why the blockchain is the central and defining innovation of Bitcoin. However, I don't agree that the value of bitcoin, the token, is entirely independent from the costs associated with PoW -- an assumption those who advocate PoS systems are making. 
PoW under bitcoin isn't just a waste of energy for the sole purpose of securing the blockchain. It also causes the minting of new bitcoins to cost real life resources, which, in effect, establishes pressure on the price of the token to meet the costs of production. In other words, *there are no free bitcoins.* I don't know if you've ever heard of the Real Bills Doctrine, but it is the idea that you can avoid inflation as long as newly minted currency isn't sold below market value. If there were free bitcoins -- the way there will be free ether in Ethereum once the system switches to PoS -- then this would put continual downward market pressure on the price of the token since miners would make profits regardless of what price they sold at. When central banks print new money, they never simply give the money away, they *always* make sure to sell the new currency at market price, and when they do pay interest on their member banks' deposits they do so out of their own profits, not by allowing inflation to pay for it, as Ethereum proposes to do. 
@_date: 2017-01-13 19:38:25
That's bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 13:52:11
Exactly. 
@_date: 2017-08-10 13:50:50
Once Segwit2x activates, there is no guarantee that miners will continue to mine it. A very plausible scenario is actually one in which after some time, the Segwit2x chain ends up with the minority of hashing power. There are a large number of miners who were signaling for segwit long before 2x even existed, and if the Core chain maintains a strong market value -- which is reasonable to assume -- these miners could very likely defect back to mining Core. Furthermore, a large percentage of hashing power favors BCH (e.g., Jihan Wu) and is only supporting 2x for the purpose of displacing Core and fragmenting BCH's competition. It is a reasonable possibility that these miners will at some point chose to switch to BCH, particularly if the chaos from the split and the depreciation in will inevitably incur upon Bitcoin's new respective chains, makes BCH economically competitive. If something like this scenario were to play out, you could have hashing power split between three chains, and 2x could actually end up with the least of the three.
Of course, how it all will play out is unclear. What is clear, however, is that chaos will ensue. Contrary to achieving unity, Segwit2x will achieve the opposite. 
The primary reason for this is because the real contention over 2x -- what the market is actually going to respond to -- is over the matter of replacing Core. The introduction of BCH opened a space for the market to decide which vision -- big block versus small -- is superior. The rushing need to decide this debate through politics has thus been alleviated, making the debate over block capacity, at least within the political sphere, secondary. Consequently, the political debate at issue shifts to the matter of whether the Core client, along with its developers, should remain the default client of Bitcoin. 
Since Core is felt by many to be one of Bitcoin's most valuable assets, the effort to replace them with developers who, for various reasons, don't appear to be terribly competent will likely cause a shock to the system, a massive erosion of confidence, and almost guarantees that the split will be -- unlike the BCH split -- very messy.
That is to say, if segwit2x hard forks, we will have 3 chains, and all of them will be viable contenders for the throne. Even if segwit2x begins with the overwhelming majority of hash power, there are many reasons to believe it will not maintain this advantage, the primary of which is because of the large amount of support in the community for Core. And the split between the existing chain known as "Bitcoin" will give BCH a real chance at making a comeback. 
What this means is that the market will no longer have a clear picture of how to invest in Bitcoin. Which chain do you invest in? Which chain actually represents Bitcoin? And how do we know one of the other chains won't later steal the title?  This confusion in itself will severely undermine confidence in Bitcoin as a whole. 
The only way to prevent this confusion will be for the exchanges and merchants to collectively agree on which chain they wish to label "Bitcoin" hence forth. If they choose to label all three chains something unique -- "bitcoin cash," "bitcoin core," and "bitcoin 2x," for example -- then we will have essentially lost Bitcoin. It will have vanished, or at least that is how it will appear to the public, which would be a disaster for the space and the last thing the economic powers wish to see for their businesses.
But it is far from clear that the economic powers are unified enough to collectively agree in this way. A more likely scenario is that some exchanges devoted to 2x will label 2x as "bitcoin," while other exchanges that never signed the agreement will continue to label Core's chain as "bitcoin." You could have a situation where on Coinbase "bitcoin" gets you 2x, while on Poloniex it gets you Core. This kind of chaos is the exact opposite of the intended goal of the NYA. 
Furthermore, to make matters worse, the market gains we are currently enjoying are certainly in large part due to the perception that Bitcoin had resolved its civil war as was able to successfully upgrade. But as soon as the market realizes this isn't true, and worse that this problem of forks wasn't a one time deal, but perhaps a systemic condition of blockchains, people will begin to suspect that the technology doesn't work. We should expect a mass exodus. The market can forgive a single rare hard fork anomaly. One after the other? Any outside observer will immediately see there is a larger problem.
All of this is just to say that a split in the chain caused by Segwit2x is a grave threat to Bitcoin and to investors. BCH was a bump in the road, this will be a head on collision.
Ideally, Core would relent and make its client 2x compatible, thus avoiding the split. But it should be clear to anyone who has been following Core for any extended length of time that the chances of them doing so are very nearly zero. 
What we have, then, is a game of chicken. In one car you have a bunch of ideological fanatics who have already ripped out the steering wheel and tossed it out the window. They are prepared to die. In the other car you have a couple of suicide bombers who want the entire project to explode, surrounded by well intended people who only ever wanted unity. In this scenario, who do we look to to save us from a collision?
We can't look to Core. They have already thrown the steering wheel out the window and are steadfast in their intellectual dedication to the code and refusal to cave to politics no matter how dangerous that may be. They have stated they do not intend to make Core compatible with 2x and have begun preparing for a chain split by making it so that Core nodes will begin not recognize 2x nodes even before the split occurs.
We can't look to Jihan Wu and the Chinese miners who have stated they their reason for supporting 2x is to remove Core from the helm of development. They actually want the chaos, and it is plausible that they set up BCH in order to potentially profit from it. 
Which means we must look to those signers of the NYA who represent moderate voices of reason and who signed the agreement with the honest intent of achieving unity. The NYA was made by some of the powerful voices of reason in the community, and now it must be those same voices of reason who unmake it. They are the only ones who can save us from the impending calamity, and since their whole motive in joining the NYA was to avoid such calamity, it stands to reason that they are now equally motivated to abandon it. 
Think of how much stands to be gained should they abandon it. Bitcoin remains unified; the flood into the space continues; 2nd layers are built that give us a very realistic picture of what kind of scaling we will actually need at the base; Bitcoin becomes technologically competitive with its more cutting edge competitors, albeit with a much more solid foundation and larger network effect; the press continues to talk about Bitcoin as the future; and the perception that Bitcoin is being coded by the most austere security experts on the planet continues. Compared to the chaos that will ensue following the alternative, it's utopia versus apocalypse.
The introduction of BCH has given the big blockers a clear outlet. They now the ability to express their beliefs through the market and their frustration at the manner of scaling introduced by Core need no longer be expressed through political hostility and frustration. If their vision is correct, their coin should flourish. They can prove their vision through the market, the politics has thus been to a large extent alleviated. Consequently, there is no urgent need to resolve the political conflict through segwit2x, the conflict has largely been resolved already, which is precisely why the market is acting as it is.  
The problem, of course, is that an agreement is an agreement. And many who signed it are in positions in which reputation matters greatly. But remaining committed to the agreement has terrible reputation risks as well, as a large portion of the community will come to see these people with hostility and may even blame them for the chaos that will ensure from segwit2x.
Therefore, all that is required for a very bright future is for some of the less committed signers of the NYA to heroically break their agreement, take the reputation hit while gaining the respect of the community, and begin the cascade of defectors that eventually unwinds the problem. 
   
 
@_date: 2017-08-08 23:10:02


Bitmain created BCH. ViaBTC implemented it. Bitmain is the largest investor in ViaBTC and many suggest they own the company. At the very least the two companies are intimately associated and it defies reason to believe they did not discuss the unfolded events at length. For all intents and purposes, Bitmain is playing a double game. 
If you do not consider forking the Bitcoin blockchain a violation of the intent of the NYA, what exactly is the intent of the NYA? Is it to strip Core of their role?
If people begin to suspect that is the goal, the NYA will come to be seen by many as the mortal enemy of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-01-10 07:17:49
In a society where a bank account is required to use money, the only thing scarier than being a homeless person is the fact that, with a push of a button, the banking system can turn you into one. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 20:30:34
Lots of regret posts there in r/technology. It's like reading one story after another from people who dabbled in bitcoin back in the early days and mined what would be a good sum by today's standards, but either threw their hard drive away, spent it on drugs, lost it to Mt Gox, or discovered their dog had eaten their paper wallet. In other words, it seems like r/technology is filled with people who were tech savvy enough to try out bitcoin very early on, but not wise enough to see it as an actual investment. 
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:44:41
I would have strongly agreed with you a month or two ago. But the unexpected BCH fork has completely altered the political landscape, and at this point I am inclined to say that contrary to promising unity, Segwit2x now threatens to achieve the opposite. I have confidence in the intelligence and wisdom of many of the people who signed the NYA -- who in my eyes are underappreciated heroes in this story -- and believe many of them will come to the same conclusion, do the right thing, and pull out of the agreement for the sake of Bitcoin.
**The purpose of the NYA**
The NYA was an effort to keep Bitcoin unified. It gained the political power to do so once BIP148 was introduced. The reason for this is twofold:
1) BIP148 threatened to split the network thereby giving the economic powers a political mandate to take extreme measures to prevent this. 
2) BIP148 handed the economic powers a weapon they could use to threaten the miners into a compromise.  
With regard to  The threat of BIP148 was always that the economic majority might join it, not ever that a portion of users might split off with a tiny amount of hashing power. If the economic majority had chosen to join BIP148 it would have represented a real threat to the big block miners, since even with superior hash power the non-segwit chain would be choked of liquidity and cease to be profitable while the segwit chain would rapidly gain hash power as less ideological miners switched to earn greater profits. The intent of big blocker extremists like Jihan Wu in signing the NYA was simply to prevent making enemies of the economic powers, to stop BIP148 from becoming a real threat. 
As Eric Voorhees once said, if the miners didn't sign Segwit2x, he would support BIP148. I believe this was a good representation of the position of the economic powers generally. The economic powers used the threat of BIP148 to force the miners into compromise. 
**How the NYA intended to achieve unity.**
The purpose of the NYA was for the economic powers to threaten the two primary factions -- the miners and the Core developers -- into compromise in order to achieve unity for Bitcoin. It's strategy was twofold:
1) To use BIP148 to threaten the miners into activating Segwit.
2) To use the threat of a hard fork to threaten the Core developers into raising block capacity. 
I have already spoken of  With regard to  The purpose of the segwit2x hard fork was never, in my opinion, to actually switch the development team leading Bitcoin. The economic powers understand that the Core devs not only are the most competent developers on the planet with respect to Bitcoin, but that they give tremendous confidence to the network and have a plan for long term scaling and efficiency. 
The actual purpose of the segwit2x hard fork was to threaten the Core developers into compromising on block capacity so that Bitcoin would remain unified. The threat is that if they don't do so, if they don't make Core compatible with segwit2x, that the network will have no choice but to switch to the segwit2x client which effectively strips Core of their position as the developers of Bitcoin. 
The reason the network, in theory, would have no choice but to switch to segwit2x is twofold:
1) Because the segwit2x chain would rob the legacy chain of almost all of its hash power, reducing it to a performance state similar to BCH.
2) Because the economic powers effectively decide which chain to call "Bitcoin," and if they chose to call the segwit2x chain "Bitcoin," the legacy chain -- already unusable due to its tiny hash power and lacking security with threats like Jihan Wu eager to destroy it -- would essentially become just another altcoin. And with such a massive influx of new investors and users, eager to use "Bitcoin," and unaware of the politics of all of this, segwit2x would effectively become Bitcoin. This is why their threat has teeth. 
However, things aren't going quite as planned.
**Big blockers have already violated the intent of the treaty through the introduction of BCH.**
The big blocker faction has effectively violated their end of the New York agreement. While it may be true that not forking the chain was never an explicit part of the agreement, it was the main intent and purpose of the NYA from the economic powers' point of view. And while it may be true that ViaBTC, who never signed the agreement, lead the effort to create BCH -- everyone knows that ViaBTC is intimately aligned with Bitmain (perhaps may even be owned by them) and that Bitmain itself invented BCH. And everyone knows, of course, that Roger Ver and the larger r/btc community strongly support BCH, and since they represent the main political group wanting to see a block size increase, the creation of BCH effectively represents this faction's unwillingness to accept the NYA. 
So there can be no question that big block extremist faction has violated the intent of the treaty, which was to avoid a chain split and end the civil war, and that members of this faction that participated in the NYA have played a double game and promoted this violation. 
**The Core developers are refusing to be moved by the economic powers' threats.**
Today the Core developers have made it clear they don't intend to cave to the pressure to make Core segwit2x compatible. And, in fact, they are adding their intent to the code itself, so their position is very serious indeed. 
This means that segwit2x will cause another split in the network. So rather than achieving unity -- the entire purpose of segwit2x in the first place -- we will have arrived at the very opposite: 3 chains. For all intents and purposes, it is now clear that segwit2x has failed to actualize its intended goal. 
**What is the logical next step for the economic powers?**
The economic powers, in my opinion, are primarily concerned with the health of this space and with the success of Bitcoin. This was why they sought so hard to achieve Bitcoin unity. At this point, they are most likely to achieve their goal by scrapping the NYA and they have the political window of opportunity to do so because of BCH.
The reason for this should be obvious: Bitcoin is on an absolute tear. It is shredding all time highs, user adoption is exploding, people are begging to get in. The exchanges are completely overwhelmed, confidence has never been higher. Segwit is being activated which will open Bitcoin to all kinds of possibilities and technological improvements, the market is demonstrating a clear signal that it approves the direction the Core team is taking us and disapproves with the big blockers. The last thing the economic powers -- who are just being crushed by overwhelming success -- want to see is all of this disrupted. And the most likely thing that could disrupt all of this would be to go forward with the chaos that would ensue from attempting to remove Core from its position. 
Furthermore, prior to BCH, the NYA had the political mandate to preserve unity. Now, they are facing a situation in which unity preservation is moot, it has already been lost, and contrary to providing more unity, segwit2x actually threatens more fragmentation. They are also facing a situation in which they have been given the excuse to drop the agreement precisely because of BCH.
In short, the political pressure to uphold the agreement has been alleviated, the economic pressure is working against upholding the agreement, and the only threats to abandoning it are continued hostility from a portion of the miners and a hit to their reputation. 
Therefore, what I expect to happen is that the signers of the agreement will seek a way to drop it that minimizes political and reputational fallout. They need an exit strategy, they want an exit strategy, they merely need to find the best way to do so. And perhaps they need our help. The community must actively pressure them to abandon the NY agreement. No one has much, if anything, to gain from segwit2x and a lot to lose. 
**Finally, I want to say a few words about scaling.**
 I believe more and more people are becoming aware of this, but it bares repeating. On-chain transactions are inherently inferior to off-chain platforms, like lightning network, as payment vehicles because of confirmation times and the threat of double spends. Eventually software will make it easy for ordinary people to double spend and businesses will be forced to seek other solutions. On-chain payments just don't work as cash for small purchases that require immediate settlement. This is particularly true in the case of bitcoin where you have 10 minute block times. At best, the effort to use the base layer as the primary payment network will result in quicker networks -- e.g., Dash or Litecoin -- replacing Bitcoin in this endeavor, though that will likely never occur because of 2nd layer protocols that will actually make quicker confirmation times meaningless for payments. Slower confirmation times in a base layer may even eventually be understood to be superior for the settlement layer as payment layers become more widely used.  
With projects like the lightning network we get instant confirmations. This is huge for buying cups of coffee from starbucks. Now businesses will be able to accept bitcoin payments without fear of double spends. I don't believe networks that attempt to compete with bitcoin on the basis of payments will be able to do so. 
High block fees were never a long term problem. They were only a problem in the short run because of the way big blockers held up segwit and our ability to implement 2nd layer solutions. It was an artificial problem made for political purposes and now it has been alleviated. We are poised to move forward rapidly and leave this chapter for the history books.     
 
 
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:06:25


Only people who don't understand the basics of how SegWit works, which means they probably shouldn't have an opinion about it in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 23:20:50


It is true that Bitcoin's value depends on faith in its value, that is how money works after all and bitcoin represents a financial instrument. But its not true that its value is simply a result of people's faith in it. Bitcoin represents an emergent new kind of monetary system with an industry built around it. The more this system grows, the more the industry grows, and the more it is used, the more its value becomes locked in. 
Bitcoin has an emergent intrinsic value in the blockchain which really represents a new kind of commodity on the world stage. It's true that the value of the blockchain is directly proportional to the price of bitcoin -- as the increased value of bitcoins translates into more security and immutability for the blockchain -- which encourages people to say that bitcoin's value derives solely from people valuing it. But the fact is that a public blockchain's security is proportional to its token's respective price, which makes competing blockchains less attractive due to their relative lack of security. Furthermore, the more relied upon the blockchain becomes for finance and other applications, the more bitcoin -- the token required to use the blockchain -- gains "intrinsic" value. 
If Bitcoin were merely a digital token used to transmit value in "novel ways" as you put it, then your skepticism would be justified. But the Bitcoin blockchain represents a decentralized global record of accounts, meaning transactions can now occur in the digital space the way cash transactions can occur in meat space. These transactions represent final settlement, as they are irreversible and forever etched into this global ledger which is resistant to tampering, censorship, and cannot be reversed. It is this quality of having financial transactions existing in objective-like space -- rather than the subjective-like space of traditional banking digital transactions which are vulnerable to scrutiny, reversal, confiscation by the bank or government, and a removal of the client's direct access to their assets -- that gives bitcoin a unique role in the world of finance, a role never seen before. Furthermore, the Bitcoin blockchain provides a level of security also never seen before in finance, which in the age of hacking is a game changer. The base currency, bitcoin, represents only the foundation of what could potentially become an entire monetary system all built on top of the Bitcoin network, potentially innovating ways of issuing credit, developing identity and authentication systems, decentralized banking, crowd funded investing that pays returns, machine to machine payments, etc., in ways that we currently can't imagine. Bitcoin represents a decentralized central bank, as it were, and its intrinsic value is emergent dependent upon how much it is used. 
Put simply, its value doesn't derive solely because people think it has value, its value gets locked in, as it were, by the more it grows, is used, and the more indispensable it becomes to a variety of applications. If it were simply a token, this wouldn't be true, but it isn't simply a token, it represents something far more profound than that. None of this is to say that Bitcoin is inevitable, or that there aren't a wide variety of potential pitfalls in its present and future. It is just to say that it has value *only* because people say it does, and therefore can be likened to the Tulip Craze of the 17th century, is just naive. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:24:21


There used to be a lot of people who argued that in the case of a chain split, the minority chain would always quickly get wiped out. [Gavin Andresen argued]( for example, that the low hash power protecting the minority chain would make it unusable and inferior to the majority chain, causing its price to drop to zero. 




After ETH/ETC and now BTC/BCH, I think this position is becoming harder to maintain. The problem Gavin and others were making was they were purely including technical and economic considerations in their equation. They forgot the political. BCH survived because it had the political will to survive, it had a community that believed in it. This changed the technical and economic factors. They made the necessary technical adjustments (broke the security model, as you put it), they promoted it in the forums (particularly in Asia and r/btc), and deep pockets are apparently pouring money into it to make it attractive to miners. None of these kinds of events were part of Gavin's equation. 
There is little doubt, in my mind, that these kinds of unanticipated additions to the equation born out of politics and community support will cause for technical and economic adjustments that prevent the Core chain from simply dying. And precisely because it doesn't die, it has a chance of making a comeback, drawing back miner support, and maintaining the dominant marketcap. Without sufficient community backing -- again, in large part because the big block community has now been diverted to BCH -- segwit2x could very quickly find itself in crisis and the companies that supported it in danger. If without the broad support of the economic majority, and many exchanges still listing Core's chain as "Bitcoin," and long time hodlers unwilling to consider 2x the real bitcoin, what happens to Coinbase when it tries to sell customers 2x as bitcoin and later the chain loses so much marketcap to Core's and BCH's chains that the broad consensus becomes that the real Bitcoin is the Core chain? What happens to Coinbase that sold all these customers a false bitcoin?
The types of people who support segwit2x are moderates who won't want to risk dumping their Core coins until they see how everything plays out. But the types of people who support Core are passionate and will immediately dump their 2x coins. Unless the signers of the NYA are willing to manipulate the price of 2x to keep it alive, without deep community support it will be in danger. And I just don't anticipate it having that kind of community support. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 06:53:56


Imagine Joe and Bob. Joe and Bob are both miners with $100,000 each to spend on mining equipment. Joe buys 20 miners for $5,000 each and immediately puts them to work for himself. Bob, on the other hand, buys the same miners, but instead of using them for himself rents all 20 of his miners out and recovers 80% of his initial investment from cloud mining contracts. Bob then uses that 80k to buy 16 more miners and rents those out as well. Again, he uses the money from the contracts to buy even more miners and repeats this process several times, eventually ending up with 70 mining units in total.
Four months later, Joe's 20 miners manage to mine $100,000 and he has completely covered his initial investment. Bob, on the other hand, earns nothing, but his clients' cloud mining contracts expire.
An additional four months later Joe's miners earn $80,000, slightly less than the previous four months due to an increase in network difficulty.  Bob, on the other hand, free from his cloud mining contracts, now puts his 70 mining units to work for himself and earns $280,000. 
Joe's total profits having only mined for himself = $80,000.
Bob's total profits, having rented out his units and reinvested = $180,000.
I'm not a miner. I'm pulling these numbers out of my ass. But it's food for thought. 
@_date: 2019-11-06 05:26:52
Coinbase wallet skips the mnemonic phrase entirely during setup. I have many critiques of Coinbase, but if there is one thing they consistently do well, it's user experience. (And yes, I'm talking about Coinbase's mobile wallet that stores the private keys on the phone, not the web wallet.)
The priority with a freshly downloaded wallet should be to allow the user to receive bitcoin immediately. How many wallets are downloaded by people who simply want to try bitcoin out with a friend who offers to send them a small amount? You throw the mnemoic phrase in their face and its simply too much work for them to bother.
Obviously it goes without saying that the wallet should provide an alert warning the user that the wallet has not been backed up, but this should not be the opening experience imho.
@_date: 2017-01-01 15:44:28


I take this to mean that no existing external form of money needed to be introduced as a form of payment precisely because Hashcash developed a way of getting one computer to *pay* semi-directly in labor. An analogy will suffice:
Imagine an elder care facility devised a way of paying homeless people for doing work for them without requiring payment in fiat currency. In this system, the homeless person could do some work for one of the facility's patients -- say give a massage to one of elderly people housed there -- and in turn the patient would write the homeless worker a note, indicating they had, in fact, successfully performed some work on their behalf. The homeless person could then take this note up to the front desk, upon receipt the desk would reward them with a nice warm meal. 
Soon the facility would realize that these notes could be faked, so they needed some standardized note that wasn't easily forged. They also used a record of their patients signatures to help verify authenticity. When they received a signed note, they shredded it. 
In this system, the elder care facility's special note is functioning as a very primitive currency. The fact that the currency cannot be traded is a limitation to it ever being used beyond its current use case, but it doesn't change the fact that the note is being used to indicate value -- indicate how much work had been done -- store that value in time, and can be exchanged for a hot meal.  
I'm not interested in trying to prove or disprove that Bitcoin is just hashcash with inflation control. I don't personally see how that is a defensible statement for many of the reasons you gave. Nor am I interested in defending Adam Back. Those are your issues, apparently. My issue is simply with this idea that Hashcash has nothing to do with currency, when clearly that's not true. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 15:58:30


I think people have been too quick to dismiss the threat that BCH represents. I suspect the last 24 hours is making everyone reconsider. 
Your point about setting precedence for bullying the Core devs around is an excellent one. But we have to ask ourselves, if Bitcoin is inherently a political system, then isn't political calculations essentially part of the code? 
That is to say, we've never had anything like bitcoin, where code and politics became so intertwined. I think many Core supporters are of the opinion that the politics is sort of like a bad disease that needs to be purged, and that the system in its pure state is one in which decisions are made solely from a technical basis. 
But what if this is not *intrinsically* how Bitcoin works? What if the way Bitcoin works *always* involves politics. If that is the case, then having development leaders who are unaware of, or inept at, the politics essentially makes them poor developers of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 15:50:40


This is incredible when you think about it. 
Bitcoiners used to be ridiculed, laughed at, dismissed as, at best, hopelessly clueless basement dwellers too naive and too dumb to realize they were buying monopoly money. Bitcoiners were the laughing stock, a whole subreddit was created as a place where people could make fun of them. 
Today: "Bitcoiners, p . . . p . . . please don't insult normies . . . er . . . normal people. Th . . . they are . . . they are sweet people like our grandmothers!"
@_date: 2017-08-12 10:11:51
The introduction of BCH changed the equation and ViaBTC recognizes this, which of course means they recognized this when they initiated BCH. 
BCH represents the actual big blocker vision. Segwit2x does not. In fact, no one actually wants segwit2x per se. Or, more precisely, there are reasons people still want it, but generally those reasons are not ideological, segwit2x doesn't represent anyone's ideal. Small blockers have exactly what they wanted in the current state of Bitcoin, and big blockers have exactly what they wanted -- minus the claim to the name "Bitcoin" -- in Bitcoin Cash. A third chain that neither camp is particularly interested in is a hard sell, and considering how chaotic a second contentious fork would be to the system and its reputation, segwit2x seems to be on shaky ground.
Now on the surface, it would seem ViaBTC stands to gain from the chaos segwit2x promises to bring to Bitcoin, as BCH exists as Bitcoin's competitor. Furthermore, segwit2x is being led by big block advocates, and a shift in power from Core to segwit2x would essentially hand BTC to big blockers, giving them control of both chains. 
However, what Yang Haibo seems to be suggesting is that should segwit2x fail to actualize, BCH stands to gain. The reason being that if there is no 2x, big blockers will have nowhere else to go. Right now, according to his reasoning, many big blockers are likely still reluctant to entirely bail on BTC in favor of BCH. Presumably this is primarily because segwit2x promises to give big blockers much more control over Bitcoin, so to bail on Bitcoin now would be premature. But should segwit2x fail, they will have no reason to remain committed to BTC. This flood of big blockers into BCH would be a boon for the chain, whereas if they remain divided in their allegiance to both chains, BCH will continue to struggle and perhaps even die. In other words, a segwit chain with more capacity makes the non-segwit chain -- whose main selling point is capacity -- less attractive. 
The strategy, then, for the ViaBTC/Bitmain alliance would be for them to continue to accumulate BCH while the perception that segwit2x is still a thing persists and the price remains low. At some point, Bitmain could pull out of the NYA. This would increase BCH's hashing power, giving credibility to its continued future, and would drive its price up from the big blockers exodus from BTC to BCH following their outrage that segwit was achieved without a compromise.
Put simply, segwit2x is as much as a threat to BCH's long term future as it is to Bitcoin's -- thanks to ViaBTC for clarifying this -- and both sides see a bright future should segwit2x fail. Whether they are right, I do not know, no one does. I think the existence of two chains competing over the same hash power is worrisome. But three chains would be even worse, and when you have both small and big blockers hostile to segwit2x, it's future seems precarious at best.     
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:36:50
There is currently the assumption that BCH was just a rogue group of disgruntled big blockers and that the true big blockers are still waiting for the 2x capacity increase. But once people see that BCH has wings, big blockers will flock to it and it will thrive, and at that point it will finally dawn on people that the big blockers actually got what they wanted. Then there will be a recognition that the "compromise," if you can call it that, of segwit2x is no longer relevant since the two sides now both have more or less what they want. 
Put simply, **the two sides have divorced,** it's just that many people haven't realized that yet because BCH's anemic start made them think the divorce wasn't real. As BCH grows significantly in marketcap and gains hash power, people will begin to realize the coin is serious, which generates confidence in its future, which draws in investors, which makes early dumpers of the coin regret their decision. At that point BCH becomes real.
In my opinion, Jihan Wu -- who is essentially the creator of BCH but is currently part of the NYA -- doesn't actually want segwit2x to succeed. He isn't part of the agreement because he wants it to succeed. What he wants, in my view, is for their to be another split in the Core chain, and the best way to guarantee that is to remain in the NYA. It is a divide and conquer strategy.  
However, if at any point -- I don't think this is likely -- it appears that Segwit2x is actually happening, will actually be a success, and that the majority of the community is behind it, Jihan will break the agreement. Because the last thing he wants is for BCH to have to compete with a big block segwit chain. 
This is why the best thing Core could possibly do, in my opinion, would be the embrace the 2x upgrade, rather than fight it. It would kill two birds with one stone: segwit2x would become irrelevant and BCH would become pointless.
Instead, come November, BCH will now be recognized as a serious coin, big blockers won't care about 2x, small blockers won't want 2x, and companies like Coinbase will have to explain to customers why they are about to try to sell them a shitcoin rather than Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash.  
So BCH is basically the end of segwit2x. 
 
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:38:55


And yet, if miners control the protocol and have the final say, and you end up with just a handful of miners, those miners essentially become the central planners of Bitcoin, in full control of its monetary policy, not unlike the way central banks operate today. At that point, it is just a matter of when, not if, governments press their thumbs down on these central planners, perhaps assuming control of operations entirely. 
In fact, the way things are going, its beginning to seem very plausible that Bitcoin could one day become a global central bank with mining firms becoming quasi-government institutions, if they aren't entirely government run. This will provide governments with surveillance, censorship powers, and income. Transaction fees may eventually become "transaction taxes" and the supply limit may be lifted. Collectively these central planners will set monetary policy much like the FOMC members do for the United States. It is hard to imagine this scenario today, because Bitcoin is so small. But if and when Bitcoin becomes huge, its inevitable that governments will assume a dominant role over the network, the realities of the larger world will subsume the network, and large mining institutions will be easily legislated into compliance. Hopefully, changes in energy technology and a move toward distributed energy will help with decentralization, but regardless, government will be there. 
But this kind of future in Bitcoin can be greatly postponed to the degree that miner control over the network cannot be established. If miners do not completely control the protocol, then control over the miners becomes less attractive to government. If Bitcoin cannot solve its mining problem, on the other hand, its very possible that a competing network that is more resistant to this kind of capture may gain more market confidence.
@_date: 2018-10-09 03:20:51
Generally speaking, Bitcoin possesses certain qualities or characteristics that no other altcoin enjoys to the same degree. Most significantly, the way in which bitcoin lacks centralized control which hardens it, increases its immutability, and gives it various gold-like properties, as it were. These hard characteristics are not something any other altcoin has been able to reproduce to the same degree, and the more most altcoins strive to gain competitive advantage through innovation, the further they appear to move away from having the hardened qualities that make bitcoin stand out as unique.
That is to say, while most altcoins strive to constantly change and evolve, bitcoin has found strength in focusing on the hardness of the base layer and establishing a reputation of dependability and trustwothiness. Since trusthworthiness is at the heart of any monetary system, it is noteworthy that so few altcoins focus on it the way Bitcoin does. Bitcoin's trustworthiness---its immutability and decentralization---is what fundamentally gives it a competitive advantage over the crypto space, and it is this quality that Bitcoin maximalists latch onto.
Bitcoin maximalism, generally speaking, is the view that these "hard" qualities of Bitcoin are the *only* qualities that ultimately matter in crypto. Appreciating the hard qualities of Bitcoin alone does not make one a maximalist, it is the extent to which everything other than the hard qualities are dismissed that makes one the maximalist. Bitcoin maximalism was born largely out of the Bitcoin civil war, in which the divide between those favoring bitcoin's hardness and those favoring bitcoin's usability became so bitter that it caused people to become excessively devoted to their particular camp, and the small blocker camp slowly evolved into what we now know of as Bitcoin maximalism. Bitcoin maximalists are warriors of the civil war that just haven't put down their weapons yet, despite the war being over, and this potentially threatens Bitcoin's progress.
And note that by this definition of maximalism one can be entirely bullish on bitcoin to the extent that all altcoins are completely ignored and yet that wouldn't necessarily make one a bitcoin maximalist. Just favoring bitcoin does not make one a maximalist, it is the view that only the hard qualities of bitcoin---its decentralization, its immutability, its censorship resistance---are what matter and that everything else is to some extent a waste of time (in a way similar to how Stoll thought the web was largely a waste of time) that makes one a maximalist. Since virtually all altcoins are focused primarily on innovating those things the maximalist considers to be a waste of time, the bitcoin maximalist tends to consider all altcoins to be scams.
The problem with Bitcoin maximalists is not their attention to the importance of Bitcoin's "hard" qualities. The problem is the extent to which they consider everything beyond those hard qualities to be invalid. And while it is essential that Bitcoin maintain its hard qualities at the base layer, it will also be essential that it explore innovations beyond the base layer, innovations that may be, to some extent, dampened if the broader bitcoin community, influenced by maximalism, has turned hostile toward such innovations.
Bitcoin maximalism was born out of the need to protect Bitcoin's gold-like qualities from the big blockers who would have gladly sacrificed them, but now that that war is over, the maximalists, rather than putting down their weapons, have begun to defend Bitcoin against a non-enemy: the broader innovation taking place in the ecosystem. Bitcoin is not in need of defense against that innovation, it needs to embrace that innovation---albeit in a way that does not threaten the base layer---but if a culture emerges that smart contracts are a lie and that dapps are all a scam, it will be difficult for this innovation to be encouraged.
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:48:12
No one is better at explaining the tech and philosophical implication of Bitcoin to a general audience than Andreas. However, I don't think Schiff's main objection to Bitcoin is rooted in his failure to appreciate the technology or its implications -- though it's likely he doesn't really grasp those either -- but in a basic misunderstanding of what money is and how it works. He doesn't like Bitcoin for the same reasons he doesn't like fiat money. 
Peter Schiff believes the entire history of technological advancement in money has been wrong, he wants us to go back to the beginning. So it is no wonder that he hates Bitcoin, which rather than going backwards, presses monetary evolution further ahead. In other words, to Peter Schiff, bitcoin is going in the wrong direction. 
Money is a technology to facilitate and encourage economic activity. Intrinsically, money has no intrinsic value (no pun intended). What we mean by monies that have "intrinsic value" are monies which are made out of some commodity of value that then, in effect, backs those currencies. It is like the way written words inherently lack intrinsic value, you can give the illusion that they have intrinsic value, however, if you write the words out of gold. 
Modern monies derive their value from exclusive value, there is no longer the need to have them backed by anything. What do I mean by "exclusive value?" It is the idea that the money is required to purchase things of value within a specific economic context or ecosystem. As long as the money *must* be used to purchase things of value within a set environment, that money attains value dependent on the demand for using that environment.
For example, to purchase goods and services within the United States one requires US dollars. Therefore, the dollar attains value despite being backed by nothing nor possessing intrinsic value. It's value comes from the demand to engage in economic activity within the United States and the fact that one requires US dollars to do so.  
When a money is being used outside of the environment in which it possesses exclusivity, since it already possesses value, it can be exchanged for other things of value. To the extent that it is easily exchanged, it increases in value due to a rise in its liquidity which makes it more useful in fulfilling its purpose as money and therefore demand for it increases. In the case of the US dollar, since it is easily exchanged for other currencies abroad, and in many cases is accepted outright, it gains additional value above the value that derives from its monopoly within the US. When countries need to hold large amounts of US dollars to protect their own currencies, or to engage in buying commodities that are exchanged exclusively using the US dollar, or for a variety of other reasons, the dollar becomes even more valuable. This all despite the fact that it has no intrinsic value. 
Monies require backing when they don't possess this kind exclusivity. When, for example, the countries permitted a variety of bank notes issued by private banks without one unifying currency, these bank notes needed to be backed by something else of value, otherwise the notes were simply pieces of paper.
Metal coins, like gold or silver, are monies that lack exclusivity and are backed by the metal out of which they are made. That is to say, when the money is being backed by the material out of which it is made, we say the money has, "intrinsic value." This was necessary for such monies because they lacked exclusivity as well as a banking system that could have provided backing. The backing had to be in the money itself. 
Bitcoin's exclusivity comes from the fact that the currency is required to use the Bitcoin blockchain. To the extent that the blockchain itself is valuable, the currencies native value increases. This value is further increased to the extent that Bitcoin gains liquidity and uses beyond the blockchain itself. Peter Schiff believes bitcoin gained value because of hype alone. But it was the invention of a global, decentralized ledger that gave Bitcoin value. 
Schiff then points out that there are many blockchains, that anyone can create one, and therefore each blockchain's respective value goes down the more that are created. Like with anything that lacks scarcity, Schiff's claim is that eventually they will all go to zero. 
But not all blockchain's are created equally, the more valuable they are the more secure they are, and the more that is built on them, the more robust their 2nd layer networks become, the more ecosystems depend on them for their security, the more people use these ecosystems and the more entrenched their network effect becomes, the harder it becomes for new blockchains to be born and compete. The further we move ahead in time, the fewer new networks will be born as the established ones end up dominating everything. 
This is one reason I have always been sympathetic to the concerns of big blockers. Because, like them, I recognize that the value of Bitcoin is largely dependent on the value of the blockchain and the liquidity of the currency. Less ability to use the blockchain, and higher fees, hurts both. The reason I side with Core, however, is that I believe the future lies with multiple blockchains, not one, all pegged together using the same underlying currency. One blockchain cannot do everything, but many blockchains very nearly can. If all these blockchains utilize the same currency, this currency's exclusivity and value grows proportionally. What I would liked to have seen was not a split in the network, but the big blockers' vision realized in a pegged side chain. 
But Bitcoin is falling behind. The rise of the ICOs, as much as we may hate them, is precisely the kind of phenomena I am speaking of where ecosystems are being built on underlying blockchains which then make those blockchains' respective currencies all the more indispensable. Many of these projects require ether to invest in them, for instance, demonstrating the way that coin is raising its exclusivity beyond just the use of the base blockchain. If these blockchains become the basis for world finance and beyond, and using them requires the base currency, the value of those base currencies will be great indeed. 
At that point, Peter Schiff may relent, but I doubt it. More likely he will refocus his current ire that's aimed at fiat toward crypto instead, and he will probably continue to try to convince us all we need to go back to gold coins.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:41:55


Yes. Take this [Satoshi quote]( for example: 


"Satoshi's vision" people have consistently and conveniently ignored this quote, doing exactly what Satoshi warned against when they created BitcoinXT, then Bitcoin Classic, then Bitcoin Unlimited, and now Segwit2x. 
As far as I am aware, Satoshi never really considered -- at least in writing -- the scenario we face today, where the war over hash power no longers takes place over a single chain, but between two competing chains. I think it was a blind spot in his calculations and just goes to show the limits of his foresight. Is Satoshi even alive today? Personally, I've come to doubt it, otherwise surely we would have heard from him by now given the severity of the scaling war.  
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:17:26
If Antpool and ViaBTC are both being controlled by the same person, then it means that that person, Jihan Wu, simultaneously signed the NY agreement and pretended to go along with it for the sake of keeping Bitcoin unified, while simultaneously he used his second pool in order to split Bitcoin in two.
That is, Bitcoin Cash was initialized by ViaBTC and undermined the very unity the NY agreement was attempting to create. They got away with doing that because they weren't part of the New York Agreement. But Antpool was part of the agreement. So if the two pools are actually the same person, it means the person, again, pretended to support unity while simultaneously actively sought fragmentation.  
In other words, Jihan Wu is playing a double game. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:58:20
When we just talk about Bitcoin, we have to remember that we are only talking about the foundation of a much larger revolution. Today, as we build this revolution, the opportunity and risk is in the foundations of something larger. Tomorrow, the opportunity and risk will be in ventures that depend upon these foundations, and base currencies like Bitcoin will cease to be speculative opportunities, but places you store and preserve wealth. 
Bitcoin and other coins that represent base layer blockchains simply make up the base currencies of the crypto revolution. Networks like Bitcoin are global, decentralized, A.I. driven "central banks," if you will. They will be massive liquidity pools and the locus of security for the global economy and the basis upon which all the magic happens. But in themselves, these base currencies will not create the crypto economy anymore than the Fed creates the US economy. 
The job creation, the explosion in economic activity and prosperity that is coming, will derive from credit creation, as it always does. Albeit, an entirely new form of credit creation unfamiliar to the world, a credit creation where networks generate their own currencies. 
These networks -- in which participation is voluntary and permission-less -- are the "corporations" of the future. They will allow anyone to build business ventures from the ground up, regardless of whether they have any existing capital or credit history, resulting in innovation and opportunity likes we haven't seen since the middle of the last century. 
Imagine, for example -- and I am simply conjuring this idea up on the spur of the moment, the possibilities are endless --  a network for movie/television script writers where scripts are written collectively, rather than individually. Participants submit their additions to a work in progress and then the community votes on which additions should make the final cut to be added to the collective effort. Everyone who participates and submits a script is paid by the network in a token it has created called WScript proportional to how many votes their contributions received. When the network sells completed products to a studio, the revenue -- likely paid in a base currency like bitcoin -- is automatically divided and distributed proportionally to all WScript holders. 
This network would act as a decentralized company, all of its revenue would be paid to WScript holders and it would pay participants in the network essentially with stake in the company, but a stake that could be immediately exchanged for a harder currency if so chosen. Anyone could participate, anyone could opt-in or opt-out according to their own schedule. There would be no employers or employees, and yet anyone with writing skills would have access to jobs. Even if those who contribute never saw their additions make it into a final script, they would still receive payment for their work. And the final products would be the work of a collective mind, capable of producing works of art never imagined. 
All of this is possible once you have a network capable of printing its own money and rewarding it to its workers. The value of this currency dependent entirely on the value of the network itself.
What we are talking about here is voluntarism (you are free to create, innovate, and work according to your desire and capacity without restriction), communism (the means of production and the entire value of work distributed among the workers), and capitalism (competitive and innovative excellence rise to the top and costs to society become minimized) combined. 
Will there still be wealth inequality? Of course. But a society in which there is no wealth inequality and yet still produces innovation and creative work is not something that can be achieved yet. Stepping stones are required. 
@_date: 2017-08-06 20:56:55
It really boils down to confidence. How much you can afford to lose is too simple a metric. It is how much you can afford to lose weighed against how confident you are in the outcome. 
For example. Say you have direct insider information that a particular sporting match has been fixed. Under such a situation, it would be reasonable for you to bet a substantially larger sum on the game than otherwise would be warranted. From the perspective of outside observers, it would appear you were gambling recklessly. But under this scenario, your level of confidence justifies this large gamble. 
Psychologically, when you have strong confidence you can sleep at night. This is the meaning of the many roller coaster memes that regularly circulate around r/bitcoin depicting the longtime bitcoiner calmly sitting next to the newbie who is screaming their heads off. 
Yet it is also probable that these longtime bitcoiners were also once screaming newbies. It has been the steady and unrelenting refusal of bitcoin to die, and the experience living through that as an investor, that grows confidence over time. And this growth in confidence is one of the most critical factors in promising bitcoin's long term success. We all fall into the spectrum of confidence somewhere, and we all contribute to this metric's rising trend. Ultimately, the foundation of money is confidence. The more confidence in bitcoin grows, the more it realizes its purpose.
How successful of an investor you are depends on large part on how much confidence you are able to generate in your investments before everyone else. If you understand a project deeply, understand the world and that project's potential relevance to it before everyone else has grasped that or even heard of the project, you are a lot like the sports gambler who possesses inside information. 
But people who aren't really investors will naturally look at you and suppose you took a gamble and got lucky. The reality is that the gambler is someone who has no confidence whatsoever.
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:42:56
Though they likely meant 'renowned,' these days Andreas seems so absent from the front lines, I did pause for a split second. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 15:40:24
Must have felt good . . . until he realized he couldn't get his money out. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 21:25:49
I understand that, and you believe the new supply of coin always increases inflation. But the reality is that the higher the profit margin, the higher there is pressure to sell, the lower the profits, the lower this pressure to sell -- this is basic economics friend -- which means because newly minted bitcoins have a cost basis, bitcoin mining ends up combating deflation when the market price is too high -- because the increased supply of coins and the profit margins mean for larger selling pressure than would be there if there were no increase in the supply -- and inflation when the market price is too low -- because miners will have a preference to hold rather than sell at a loss. Put simply, PoW mining helps stabilize the price. 
You believe it *always* causes inflation, which is just to say you believe mining serves no actual economic function beyond its primary purpose of providing security, which is precisely the argument made by PoS advocates who see PoW as actually providing less security than PoS while doing little more than contributing to global warming.
I guess we will just have to agree to disagree.  
@_date: 2018-10-26 17:21:08
It has nothing to do with your make believe "liberal pansies." Trying to be compliant with the US government is the issue here. 
@_date: 2017-01-30 06:03:44
There will never be high demand for Bitcoin if the network can be easily disassembled by coordinated government raids on node providers. If you take away the blockchain's immutability, you remove Bitcoin's core value proposition. 
I agree that the goal is to make the block size as large as possible, but it must be done in a way that doesn't make Bitcoin vulnerable, because if the blockchain is perceived to be vulnerable, using it will be perceived to be risky, which will lower demand. 
Therefore, the solution is to move non-essential transactions from immediate block inclusion so that these low priority transactions can be aggregated and included as single transactions. This will dramatically increase the amount of high priority transactions that can be take place directly on chain *while simultaneously preserving Bitcoin's security.* Furthermore, low priority transactions like buying a cup of coffee will become dramatically cheaper and won't require confirmations -- and, let's face it, when buying a cup of coffee with bitcoin you really don't care whether the transaction occurs on or off chain, you just want your cup of coffee -- while high priority transactions like trading stocks or transferring millions of dollars can take place on chain as cheaply as if we simply raised the block size. There is simply no advantage to merely raising the block size alone. 
The block size should be programmed to increase in size incrementally and automatically, without requiring hard forks, but there is no way to adequately assess the ideal rate unless segwit and lightening are implement first and allowed to play out so we can determine the ideal rate of change. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:47:37


I agree. I also believe BCH is a greater threat than people realize, and that this entire mess could have been avoided with better leadership from the Core developers. It baffles me what downsides to a capacity increase of this nature -- *which we will probably eventually need anyway* -- could have possibly outweighed the downsides of a chain split, having another coin competing over hash power and security (a danger people are grossly underestimating, in my opinion), a complete fragmentation of the bitcoin community, and now the possibility of a third chain as the business community votes no-confidence in Core. 
Core's two main reasons given for resisting such an increase were 1) it would decrease the network's security and 2) it would require a hard fork which is risky. Well, guess what, their intransigence has resulted in both. Bitcoin now has less security (due to the fact that it is now competing over the same hash power with another high marketcap chain) and a hard fork with another one looming. The very things they were trying to avoid are the very things that have occurred. That's poor leadership, to say the least.
 
 
@_date: 2017-08-16 02:51:44
Fantastic post. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:00:56
The block size increase from segwit will only begin to occur as people start to use segwit addresses which most wallets, to my knowledge, don't support yet. 
Imagine two parents decide to remove their child from a broken public school and place the child in an elite private school. If after the first day using this new school the father exclaimed, "WTF! Nothing has changed, I see no improvement in her whatsoever!!!!" most people would conclude this father was an idiot. 
@_date: 2018-10-04 16:00:22
Is it a monopoly that only Apple is permitted to produce and distribute iPhones? The US dollar is a product of the Federal Reserve which is a private corporation, and as a private corporation they have every right to produce as much of their product as they want, just like Apple has the right to produce as many iPhones as they want. When we talk about "monetary policy," that is just a fancy way of saying that the Fed needs to decide how much of their product to produce. It just happens that this has a profound impact on the economy, though one could imagine a similar affair if Apple were the only company permitted to produce and sell smart phones. Their production decisions would similarly have a huge impact on the economy.
The problem is with the monopoly of national currencies, not the fact that the banks that produce those national currencies get to decide their production policies. The fact that in the US everyone is being forced to use the US dollar is the monopoly. The US dollar is the monopoly, the policies regarding how many dollars are produced are just the company decisions of the Federal Reserve.
It is no different than if everyone were forced, by the government, to use Apple products for all of their computing needs. In such a scenario, Apple would be the monopoly.
But people who argue that central banks power to control interest rates is the monopoly are like people arguing the solution to a hypothetical Apple monopoly would be to not allow Apple, the company, to decide how many iPhones to produce. That's completely beside the point, the point is the fact that Apple products have no competition.
@_date: 2018-10-09 04:45:03
If the "printing rate" wasn't so high, these currencies would have dramatically increased in value.
When a currency like bitcoin appreciates in value, all the holders of bitcoin become more wealthy. But when a currency like the USD appreciates in value, the holders of the currency don't gain value because all of the wealth is transferred to those who control the printing press. That is, by printing new currency to offset the value increase, the printers effectively transfer all of the value gains to themselves, all in the name of keeping the currency stable. Really, the correct way of thinking of fiat currencies is that they are like any product that companies sell, if the demand for them is high, they can sell more of their product. High levels of printing without inflation just indicates that there is a great deal of demand for these currencies, so they can keep printing without the currency losing value.
It really is no different than the demand for iPhones, for example. High global demand for iPhones allows Apple to keep creating new iPhones, just like printing dollars. If suddenly the demand for new iPhones disappeared, and Apple continued to create as many as before, the cost of each individual iPhone would decrease, that is analogous to inflation. If the demand for US dollars suddenly disappeared, the printing would have to stop to prevent inflation.
@_date: 2017-01-02 17:42:17


*Exactly.* This is a very important point. 
The market price is not based on the number of coins in existence, it is based on the number of people selling vs. the number of people buying. 
The real price of a coin, on the other hand, is based on the market cap divided by the supply. 
Now a thought experiment: Imagine a digital currency that didn't involve mining and instead allowed people to directly purchase newly minted coins on a regular basis. Suppose the premium for these newly minted coins was 100%. Do you think this would create selling pressure? Do you think people who bought these coins would immediately sell them at a loss?
Likewise, imagine the same scenario, but instead the newly minted coins were sold at a fraction of the market price, say 75% off. Is it not obvious that if you could make an immediate huge gain by reselling these coins immediately, you would do so? if the newly minted coins were sold at below their market value, this would create tremendous selling pressure, causing inflation. 
In other words, the higher the costs of mining relative to the market price, the lower the selling pressure that entails. 
Furthermore, imagine the Ethereum situation where the new coins are free. While the issuance of these new coins would have no immediate effect on the market price of ether, the real price of ether (market cap divided by supply) would decline for the reasons I gave in my previous post. Consequently, you would know that the market price was more expensive than the real price. This would give you huge incentive to sell *immediately* in order to capture this spread before the market price can fall in line with the real price. If you failed to act, your competition would certainly take advantage of your laziness, and cause the price to decline until it was inline with the real price. Knowing this tendency, the competition to sell quickly newly minted coins would increase, and cause the readjustment of the market price falling in line with the real price to only accelerate. 
Take Bitcoin instead. If the miner spends roughly $1000 in to mine a newly minted bitcoin and the market price is $900, why should he sell at a loss? Furthermore, assuming all miners spent roughly the same amount to mine their current bitcoin, and the market price is below these costs, they also know that the *real* price of bitcoin is actually above the market price, because despite the increase in supply, the value of the newly minted coins is higher than market, so the real price (market cap divided by supply) has actually gone up. This further incentivizes them to hodl.  
You see, it isn't *just* about the supply of coins. For inflation to occur, these newly created coins must be sold, and there is tremendous pressure not to sell at a loss. In Ethereum, this never occurs, because the newly issued coins are free, so you can never sell at a loss, meaning the newly issued coins *always* create selling pressure. But that isn't true in Bitcoin.   
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:30:21
With the history of ETH/ETC and BTC/BCH already demonstrating that chains in a split that begin with minority hash power remain incredibly tenacious as long as they have ideological backing, I'm not sure where you derive your confidence from. In fact, I'm not aware of there being any precedence for a chain that has a strong community behind it simply dying off due to a split in the network, as you claim. It seems almost certain, as far as I can tell, that Core's chain will survive, and this will be enough for it to retain high market value. A PoW change could -- in this post BCH paradigm -- theoretically even cause faith in the project to increase, paradoxically, and since high market cap is ultimately what secures cryptos, this may result in greater clarity about the extent of miner power. 
Of course -- putting the PoW change aside for the moment -- even if Segwit2x begins with a majority of hash rate, overtime there is no guarantee that it will retain it with miners now competing over three chains. Chinese miners apparently are positioning themselves for an eventual defection to BCH shortly after S2X goes live. At best they will continue to oscillate between the chains, reducing confidence in all three. And with the community of investors ideologically split, and nothing preventing Core's chain from retaining a high market cap, guaranteed profitability of S2X over the other chains seems unlikely to be sustainable. 
New investors will be staying clear of any of the chains due to uncertainty about their respective futures, and a percentage of old investors -- who in large part used Bitcoin as their safe haven among cryptos -- will move their money into alts and fiat (though I suspect that even the alt market will be rattled by this new uncertainty in blockchain tech). After a third split confidence in Bitcoin may dramatically lessen. No one will even know which chain is actually "Bitcoin." The first split caused a confidence boost because the market believed the civil war was resolved and Bitcoin was free to move forward, but a second split will alert the market that there is perhaps a systemic problem with the tech itself. Until when, and if, things eventually resolve themselves and people see that Bitcoin can survive, this confidence won't return. It could initiate the next bear market in a way similar to the collapse of MtGox.  
If Core's team decides on a change of proof of work, that may very well boost confidence in the network. Confidence in the network is being shaken by the appearance that it is, or can be, centrally controlled by miners and that it can unexpectantly split into multiple chains, none of which have guarantees of surviving long term, which erodes their reliability as a long term store of value. If it turns out, on the other hand, that the network can actually divorce these miners and retain its market value, this will forever alter the paradigm. With clarity about the extent of miner power and the threat of future chain splits diminishing store of value becoming a non-issue, faith in the Core chain would strengthen. Meanwhile, segwit2x will now be faced with a war with Bitcoin Cash, and since neither chains have particularly competent or visionary developers -- the kinds of developers that are really required to move a network forward through this increasingly competitive space -- and both coins will have reduced confidence from the fallout of the third split, it wouldn't at all surprise me if money begins to flee from both chains. 
@_date: 2018-10-08 16:13:52
I think Stoll is a pretty good example of how one can understand a new technology at a technical level, and yet not understand it at a deeper philosophical level capable of visualizing its future. Those who can't visualize this future begin to increasingly take on a conservative tone as more and more people who  begin to grasp that future are felt to threaten the status quo.
The article was written in 1995, shortly after the introduction of HTTP made far more people aware of the potential of the internet. Prior to that time, Stoll enjoyed the technogeek utopia of the pre-adoption phase of the internet, and in many ways what he was responding to was the distress of watching that phase coming to an end. Stoll was fearful of the promised changes brought on by the web, and he was essentially trying to get the normies, so to speak, to go back home.
You see this a lot in the crypto space these days, particularly post-2017 which, with the explosion of smart contract platforms and ICOs, really had a moment similar to what the introduction of the web was for the internet. The space grew dramatically and new people with slightly adjusted priorities and worldviews flooded in to the resentment, unfortunately, of many already in the space.
Now some of these resentful old timers are beginning to sound a lot like Stoll, trying to cast doubt upon the future smart contract platforms inspired many to imagine. They argue that the smart contract, the ICO, airdrops, DAOs, dapps, security tokens, utility tokens, stable coins, PoS, etc, are all in one form or another little more than scams with no future; and in this way they echo Stoll and his insistence that the possibilities of a post-HTTP internet was folly.
Unfortunately, many of these types have begun to cling to Bitcoin as their safe haven. "Bitcoin maximalism," they call it. But really its just those people who are opposing the evolution taking place in the broader crypto space and do so by claiming the mantle of purism. We saw a similar thing with the Bitcoin Cashers who resisted the evolution of 2nd layer scaling solutions in the name of Satoshi, and now we see the Bitcoin maximalists opposing the evolution of Bitcoin as a platform. While this debate hasn't yet started explicitly---and has been largely confined to slowly entrenched philosophical opposition to the whole notion of platforms in the form of altcoin criticism---once lightning is done and the network understands it needs to do more to remain competitive, this debate will heat up, in my opinion.
@_date: 2017-08-07 16:00:01
The difficulty is that most financial advisors have no clue how to actually get a bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 00:00:45
I understand your sentiment. Unfortunately, none of that is really relevant. *The only thing that is relevant,* the only thing we should be talking about when considering 2x *is the issue of how it forcibly attempts to remove Core from their position leading development.* This is why 2x will be a hugely contentious hard fork with no guarantee that hash power will remain on the 2x chain over time. And because there is no guarantee, this contentious hard fork will create chaos for bitcoin precisely when user adoption is skyrocketing.
@_date: 2017-08-07 06:32:40
Although can't realistically mine bitcoin using a gpu anymore, you can still use your gpu to mine altcoins like ETC or zcash and then exchange them for bitcoin via shapeshift.io.
@_date: 2017-01-11 01:14:24
The total amount paid in fees ultimately is determined *solely* by the demand for block inclusion. Whether the blocksize is 1mb or 4mb makes no difference. If the supply of block inclusion falls short of demand, as it is doing today, then the price of block inclusion increases. If the supply of block inclusion meets demand, then the price of block inclusion falls while the number of customers paying for block inclusion rises. Either way, it makes no difference, the miners receive the same amount. 
Again, demand is the only factor that increases miner pay. If the demand for block inclusion outweighs the supply, then the price of block inclusion precludes lower priority transactions from occurring, but the miners still get compensated the same amount due to the increase in fees. You can either create a solution that allows low priority transactions to occur off chain until their aggregate value is enough to enable on chain settlement, or you can increase the block size to make it cheap enough for these low priority transactions to once again transact on chain. If you choose the latter solution, the price of block inclusion comes down, counteracting the increase transaction volume, and miners still get paid the same amount. The reason miners are getting paid more in fees today than they were two years ago is not because the supply is throttled, it is because the demand has increased. 
Miners may form a cartel and intentionally try to throttle supply to increase fees, but it is pointless since miners don't have an inventory of block space that they reserve to be sold later, as in the case with traditional commodities. 
Therefore, the *only* question is what do you do to increase demand. That should be the goal, for that is the only factor that results in more pay for miners. Larger blocks or smaller blocks make no difference *except* to the degree that they decrease demand. Both increasing the block size, and unnecessarily limiting the block size, can theoretically result in decreased demand. 
There are, broadly speaking, two primary things that increase demand for block inclusion: 1) Bitcoin's utility as a payment network and 2) Bitcoin's security and immutability. 
If Bitcoin is too expensive to use, then you limit  it's functionality as a payment network and therefore reduce its demand, reducing miner income. Likewise, if you raise the blocksize too quickly, you limit  Bitcoin's security and immutability, making it overly centralized and easily raided and captured by governments (anyone remember e-gold?) therefore also reducing the demand for bitcoin.
Thus, to increase demand most effectively, you need a solution that simultaneously *both* increases/preserves Bitcoin's utility as a payment network (i.e., make it cheap and fast) AND its decentralized security model. Big blockers like Roger Ver propose *only* addressing concern 1 and are dismissive of concern 2. Their solution would solve scaling, but ignores security, resulting in less demand for the network than a solution that otherwise addresses both concerns, and thus their solution will reduce miner income, compared to a more comprehensive solution, in the long run. 
Core's solution, on the other hand, not only solves the issue of scaling, making bitcoin cheap and fast for the majority of users, but simultaneously addresses the concerns over security, increasing demand for the blockchain's features as a global, decentralized, immutable ledger. Therefore, under Core's road map, miners will get richer by maximizing demand for the network comprehensively, rather than in a way that increases demand in one regard, but is offset by a reduction in demand in another regard.
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:15:31
It won't be long before "cashing out" means to move your money into bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-30 06:10:24
Layers built on top of Bitcoin is Bitcoin, in the same sense that the World Wide Web is the internet. "Satoshi's vision" is a religious argument, and "Blockstream assholes" is conspiracy nonsense. Make an economic or technological argument, everyone is open to such debate. But don't go full Alex Jones on us. 
@_date: 2017-08-23 13:55:44
I'm concerned about fees. Most people are. But to me, your side holds the bulk of responsibility for this situation. 
@_date: 2017-08-12 07:58:35
[What it's like being a bitcoiner right now]( . . . and the look on everyone else, what its like not being one. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 16:45:08


Unfortunately, yes. Maybe an analogy will help clarify things for you:
If you want to play AAA video games on your computer, you need a dedicated graphics card to relieve the CPU from having to do everything. Trying to solve Bitcoin's draw backs as a payment network by raising block capacity is like trying to improve a computer's ability to play high end video games by getting a more powerful CPU. Generally, if your CPU is good enough, the better solution is to add a high-end GPU that is dedicated specifically to the task of processing graphics. In Bitcoin's case, the GPU are 2nd layer networks like the Lightning Network that will be dedicated specifically to payments and will allow no-confirmation, instantaneous and incredibly cheap payments, far superior than anything the base layer could ever achieve on its own. If we have that, why should we focus on making the base layer, the blockchain, payments friendly at the expense of its security? Shouldn't we instead focus on improving its security and immutability since we will solve payments using these 2nd layers anyway?
The reason we don't have those 2nd layers yet is because we needed Segwit first. But as soon as segwit activates, they can be implemented. 
Another analogy:
Imagine that when cars were first introduced people debated how to make them more useful for travel. One camp argued that we should make the cars more like horses, make the wheels bigger, improve the suspension, and make the car more capable of traversing harsh terrain. The other camp suggested that we build roads so that cars don't need to traverse difficult terrain to get from point A to B. The first camp is like people who want to increase block capacity, the 2nd camp, again, believes that all these problems will be solved shortly after segwit goes live and 2nd layer networks are implemented. That is, networks like the Lightning Network are essentially like roads for cars. Once people see how fast and cheap it is, there will no longer be an demand to drastically improve on chain scaling anymore than people demanded that cars could easily travel over horse trails once roads were built. 
You see, it isn't as simple as "one group wants faster, cheaper, bitcoin, the other group doesn't." That's all propaganda aimed at people who don't understand the debate. In fact, compared to segwit/lightning network bitcoin, bitcoin cash will end up being a horrible morass, slow, insecure, and requiring long confirmations. And compared to segwitx1, segwitx2 will be insecure and subject to government censorship.
Put simply, Core's Bitcoin has always promised the most awesome Bitcoin. The most secure Bitcoin. The fastest Bitcoin. The cheapest Bitcoin. The most censorship resistant Bitcoin. But politics and propaganda and the difficulty of understanding the technology has lead us down a road where people are confused, and end up thinking they are supporting a faster, cheaper bitcoin when they are, in fact, doing just the opposite (like people who wanted all terrain vehicles rather than roads because they wanted to be able to travel faster).   
@_date: 2018-06-16 01:33:18
I find it unlikely that Bitfinex is insolvent. Short of them being insolvent, I fail to see the problem. 
Well, in all fairness, the problem is that they represent a systemic risk to the crypto industry and people are beginning to realize that. But that has more to do with the space's over reliance on them than anything they have done per se. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:52:32
In modern fiat systems, deep down governments aren't actually using taxes to directly pay for things -- they print new money for that purpose (technically, they borrow). They require taxes in order to remove the excess money from the economy to prevent inflation. 
However, in a deflationary spiral, you actually want inflation, so it makes sense for government to lower taxes and increase spending, the former removes less money from the economy, while the latter creates more money that gets put into the economy, both resulting in inflation. 
If the government wasn't so partisan -- where everything has become about beating the other side and not about getting anything done -- the Left and Right could arrive at mutually agreed compromises that saw a combination of what both sides want: one side wants tax cuts, the other increases in public spending. Instead, they bicker and complain and eventually leave the problem for central banks to take care of, which they happily do so through methods that don't really benefit the ordinary person all that much. 
(This is analogous to what is happening in Bitcoin. The scaling crisis could have resolved if both sides had come to a compromise, but instead they choose to make war.)  
The general conception is that government needs taxes to pay for things, and this view gives rise to the misconception that you can't increase spending while lowering taxes because it creates too much debt. But the reality is that creating more debt is precisely what the government is attempting to do during a deflationary scenario, because debt is how the government prints money.
@_date: 2017-01-30 06:13:56
There are no free bitcoins because of the costs in electricity, this is what separates PoW coins from PoS coins and why PoW coins are not fiat-like, whereas PoS coins are.  
@_date: 2017-01-04 16:42:40
And your brain is the internet of clueless.
@_date: 2017-08-18 22:20:51
Absolutely not, and I would fear for Bitcoin's future. However, Core's inability to navigate the politics of the network has thus far, in my opinion, been almost as dangerous as poorly designed code.
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:26:44
A few more things envisioned by Satoshi:
[Smart Contracts](




[Side Chains?:](


[Decentralized Exchanges](




[Changing the denomination to mBTCs](






@_date: 2016-12-14 17:30:31
Quoting Satoshi always strikes me a bit like quoting the Bible: everyone has their own interpretation. This current discussion is further complicated by the fact that we are trying to compare bitcoin to legacy money. Considering that the common definition of "cash" today is "physical money," we should approach such comparisons with caution. Nevertheless, since the argument is that Satoshi himself defined bitcoin in terms of the legacy concept of "cash," and that in some way invalidates the idea that bitcoin should be likened to "gold," I think there are a few things everyone needs to consider. 
What we commonly refer to as cash today, paper bills and coins, originally came into existence as a form of credit for gold and silver. That is to say, when paper bills first were used, they represented IOUs for gold and silver held in bank accounts. You could exchange those bills for your gold, or deposit your gold and receive paper bills. Transactions which utilized these bills were peer-to-peer, but they did not represent final settlement which was only achieved when the gold corresponding to those bills was redeemed. The reason they did not represent final settlement is because they were not considered to be real money, they were a form of credit which could be arbitrarily printed by banks. Real money, at the time of Adam Smith, came in the form of gold and silver coins. 
This demonstrates that something can simultaneously be cash and credit at the same time, and that is precisely what the early forms of paper money were. 
But perhaps more importantly, *cash in current monetary systems is also a form of credit.* It represents IOUs from central banks. This is why central banks have a balance sheet, and why they consider cash to be a liability which must be balanced with corresponding assets, usually in the form of government bonds. 
Put simply, what we refer to as "cash" -- those paper dollars or euros you use to buy a cup of coffee with -- is actually a form of credit created by central banks. Since credit lacks intrinsic value, it derives that value by being backed by assets usually in the form of debt. All credit issued in society is backed by debt. When you receive a loan from your bank, that newly issued credit is backed by your promise to repay your loan. This is why the housing market collapse caused a global crisis, because suddenly all that credit was no longer sufficiently backed. 
You have to understand that cash is always a form of credit. Modern cash is backed by debt, historic cash was backed by metals.  
*New bitcoins are not issued in exchange for debt.* Which means that whatever Satoshi meant by "cash," it most certainly was *not* the type of cash you and I use at the grocery store.  
Since bitcoin is not backed by debt, it quite simply cannot be considered a form of modern cash. So to the extent that we insist on likening it to historical forms of money, we have no choice but to admit that the closest historical examples lie in commodity based monies, gold being the most often invoked comparison. 
When people refer to bitcoin as "gold 2.0" they don't mean the gold bars sitting in vaults or lying in gold bugs' back yards. They mean the gold of past eras, which represented the commodity out of which money was made. Money creation in these eras came not from issuing credit in exchange for debts, but out of the base metals from which it was coined. You could say coinage was a form of credit backed by the metal out of which the coin was made. 
Commodity based money actually was the original "cash." It came in the form of coins and was used exactly the same way we use cash today. So when people talk of bitcoin as "gold 2.0," they aren't negating the idea of bitcoin as cash, they are simply clarifying what is meant by "cash" in the first place. 
Simply saying "bitcoin is digital cash" says nothing about whether this is debt-based cash or commodity-based cash. Since bitcoin is clearly not debt-based, we must conclude that the commodity analogy is more appropriate, and the commodity we are all most familiar with -- as a historic basis for money -- is gold. 
If we are to accept that bitcoin is "gold 2.0," and if we are willing to extend the analogy, we must ask, "what is the commodity exactly?" It is not bitcoin itself, bitcoin is merely a token. A gold coin did not get its value by virtue of being a coin, but because that coin was made out of gold. The obvious answer is that the blockchain itself is the commodity, it is the scarce resource, and its value derives from being an immutable ledger, beyond the control or editing power of any authority, that possesses security that isn't rivaled. 
This is all to say that even if you ascribe to the "gold 2.0" theory of bitcoin, use of the blockchain -- i.e., on-chain transactions -- absolutely must be encouraged in order to increase the value of the underlying commodity. However, if you allow the blockchain to be used too quickly and in a way that compromises the very security that gives it value in the first place, not only will you have made a scarce resource abundant, but you will simultaneously have reduced that now abundant resource to a near useless state, as there is little value in a immutable ledger that is so insecure it is actually quite mutable. Trying to sell a resource that is abundant and useless is like trying to sell shit. In order to succeed as a resource, the blockchain must achieve a level of security which cannot be matched by any other system -- and by "security" I include the fact that it is censorship resistant, your records are secure from being tampered with -- and it must do this in a way that also doesn't preclude people from using it due to high costs. It is quite the balancing act, and both sides of the argument at some point need to acknowledge they are on the same team.  
So, again, whether you are a "bitcoin is cash" person or a "bitcoin is gold" person, either way we must find a way of increase block capacity. Neither side can simply abide by a permanent limit to the block size. If Bitcoin remains so stingy that the use of the blockchain  is overly discouraged, it will suffer since the blockchain represents is underlying value. Likewise, if it is overzealous about cheapening the blockchain, it will erode the very power that the blockchain provides, and it will suffer for similar reasons.    
@_date: 2017-01-02 20:38:18


Those were dark days for the world with the Great Depression and WWII. I know many people in this space suspect we are headed for another such period, but if that is true, we need to remember history. If there is a global financial meltdown involving central banks, it's hard to imagine bitcoin won't face serious scrutiny. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 16:22:53
Clearly, I was wrong . . . 
@_date: 2017-01-09 03:50:58
People are confused by this concept of backing and whether it is even necessary. You hear people say things like "the dollar is backed by the US military," or "bitcoin is backed by math," and it is clear that they are using the expression to mean something like, "that which provides faith in the currency." Other people use the concept to mean that the currency can be used to redeem whatever underlying asset "backs it." But neither of these common conceptions are accurate to the way it has been historically understood. 
The concept of a "backed" currency is simply the idea that newly issued notes or newly minted coins must be exchanged for some asset of equivalent value in order to preserve the value of the currency. 
In the case of coins, newly minted coins had to be made out of metals of equal value to the price of the coin to prevent inflation. Because the respective gold or silver required to mint the coin was removed from use in the production of jewelry or the other things, you could say the currency was essentially issued in exchange for gold or silver. As long as the value of the underlying metal equaled the price of the coin, the currency would not depreciate in value. If, on the other hand, the metals making up the coin were less valuable than the stated value of the coin -- presumably because they included a mix of gold/silver with less valuable metals -- then inflation of the currency would ensue as "pure" coins still in circulation would now be worth more melted down and the base metals sold in exchange for the newly debased currency. Prior to the debasement, a pure coin would have purchased its weight in its respective underlying metal. Following the debasement, a debased coin would only purchase a fraction of the same amount of metal, resulting in the value of the currency as a whole to drop. Monarchs would often debase their currencies in this way intentionally in order to help pay off debts and make themselves richer by transferring wealth from their subjects to themselves.
The same principle holds true with fiat currencies. The popular view is that fiat currency isn't backed by anything (or that it is backed by some nebulous concept like faith in government). That isn't true. The truth is that *fiat currency is almost always backed by debt.* In other words, fiat currency -- whether it comes from commercial or central banks -- is created through lending. When someone takes a loan, new currency is created. The currency is *backed* by the borrower's collateral and promise to repay the loan. Debt represents a financial asset, so the newly created currency is exchanged for an asset of equivalent worth. If the currency wasn't created in this way, currency creation would be free, and the flood of new free money would cause inflation. 
Many people were under the impression that the massive money printing done by central banks in recent years would cause hyper-inflation. But they thought this because they were under the mistaken impression that this new money was created at no cost, increasing the supply of money without a corresponding increase in demand for money. But the reality is that the new money is exchanged for debt, and since debts need to be repaid and require money to do so, the demand for money matches the new supply. It is important to understand that fiat money is destroyed when debts are repaid. For a currency to be "backed" by some other asset does not require that that asset be more "real" than the currency, nor that the currency need be redeemable for that asset.
Currency backing simply means that when the new currency is created, it is done so in exchange for some asset of equal value. 
In Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that use PoW, newly minted coins are created on a fixed schedule. Nevertheless, this doesn't cause the inflation people imagine because the new money is created in exchange for an asset of roughly equal value. That asset is hashing power and the expenses associated with it. Hashing power is an all important power in today's age of hacking and encryption, and it represents an asset in the digital age for whatever entity possesses it. Since the newly created currency is exchanged for an asset of roughly equal value, it is accurate, in my opinion, to say bitcoin is backed by hashing power. 
In contrast, cryptocurrencies that rely on Proof of Stake possess no such backing. Newly created coins in these systems are created at near zero costs and consequently inflation ensues. The supply increases, but the value of the coin does not. In a way similar to how monarchs debased their currencies, in PoS, the non-mining holders of coins see the value of their coins decline while that value is then transferred to the miners. The common misunderstanding is that the same thing is happening in Bitcoin and other PoW systems, that "inflation" is paying the miners. The reality is that while it is true that the supply increases, since newly minted coins are paid for (i.e., exchanged for an asset of roughly equal value) the value of the coins also increases in lockstep with the new supply. 
@_date: 2017-01-03 23:36:52
The author really only makes one point in the article, which is to point out just how tiny bitcoin is. Of course this means -- though not explicitly stated in the article -- that the upside potential is tremendous.
I'm not exactly sure how he gets from bitcoin's tiny market cap to Ponzi. Shrug. In general, I've been really pleased with how positive media coverage has been recently. There will, of course, always be buttcoiners . . .  hopefully.
@_date: 2016-12-24 01:01:09
Both sides want to lower fees. The only difference is how the sides propose doing that. 
@_date: 2016-12-15 00:27:08
And what does Wall Street do with cheap money? Build roads and bridges?
2008 initiated the worst economic recession in living memory. And yet, despite this, assets across the board -- doesn't matter if you are talking about bonds, or stocks, or art -- performed better than ever in history, the rich got richer. How can that be?
The answer is simple: if you allow financial firms to borrow money essentially for free, they will use that money to make quick profits in the markets. With everyone doing this simultaneously, a massive bubble is created. When everyone around you is making insane money by borrowing interest free money and pouring that money into stocks, you know doing the same is a guaranteed win. As long as everyone is doing it, the party will continue. It is kind of the like the housing market bubble, only larger in scale. The higher the bubble climbs, the greater the wealth divide between the haves and have-nots grows. 
Remind me how this is good for the average person?
@_date: 2017-08-12 18:03:30


You mean like this one?


When he wrote that, the price of bitcoin was around 400 USD. 
@_date: 2017-08-16 17:12:46
It is only a matter of time before they start manufacturing ASIC chips. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 21:54:06
You guys are arguing over which came first, the chicken or the egg. The fact is that it needs to be *both* liquid, and a store of value. As one increases, the other increases, and vice versa. 
Incidentally, the fact that bitcoin is being used as a speculative instrument is a kind of use. Whether I am using bitcoin to purchase goods and services, or whether I'm using it to purchase US dollars, really doesn't matter as long as it is being used, as long as it is liquid. The explosion of bitcoin exchanges -- which is precisely the result of the high demand for its use as a speculative instrument -- only increases its liquidity, which increases the likeliness of merchant adoption since merchants can more easily translate bitcoin into fiat, which further increases its liquidity. If bitcoin didn't store value, if it only went down, then none of this would be possible. 
Finally, it is important, and often overlooked, that bitcoin is easily exchanged. It's digital, near instant, peer-to-peer, and easy to use (in the same sense email is easy to use. Obviously, many people thought email was difficult early on). This makes bitcoin profoundly suited as money because it is intrinsically liquid as an instrument. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:08:26
Bitwala's announcement confirms what many of us already know: many, if not most, of the members of the NYA signed with good intentions. Their aim was to keep Bitcoin unified, and prevent the chain from splitting, by giving both sides a bit of what they wanted. 
Unfortunately, things didn't work out and Bitcoin split anyway. The segwit side got segwit and the big blocker side got 8mb blocks. 
Therefore, these well-intended members of the NYA are now realizing that nothing further is gained from S2X and that it will only cause further chaos. Since the goal of these well-intended signers was always to prevent chaos for the good of Bitcoin, that very same goal now drives them to abandon the agreement. 
Put simply, Bitwala has heroically stepped up, putting their reputation among their peers on the line for the sake of what is good for Bitcoin. This proves unequivocally that their intentions were always in the right place and that they are a company that the community can trust. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:45:51
Exactly. It was a bit embarrassing, frankly, to see [Eric Vorrhees defending Jihan]( a couple weeks ago, saying:


It was embarrassing because it was already entirely obvious that Jihan had betrayed the NYA. ViaBTC is all but Jihan's company. Jihan created BCH. Jihan got ViaBTC to mine BCH. And now Jihan is mining BCH himself!!! How much more plain can the situation possibly be?
I think it is also important to point out that BCH began with a ridiculous minority of hash power and it wasn't sufficient to kill the chain. Those who claim segwit2x's immediate hash power advantage guarantees that it will eliminate Core ought to take note. 
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:52:38
Until the market has flushed these types out completely, we have further yet down to go . . . 
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:18:02
Core is about "on-chain security comes first." This is doable once you no longer attempt to turn the base layer into a payment network at the expense of its security. So what Core is instead attempting to encourage is to get the network to depend on 2nd layers to handle the bulk of the payment network priorities, not only because these 2nd layers are intrinsically more capable of doing so, but so that the blockchain can prioritize security. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:00:37
You are probably right that there will always be a demand for security services. But security is only one reason people use banks, and probably not a primary one. 
We have to remember that in many countries, storing your money in a bank is actually quite dangerous. If I were living in Italy right now, I'm not sure I would feel very confident about having my money in the bank. Just look at the fate of people who lived in Greece. Also, having your money in the bank exposes you to government confiscation. If you live in a country where you don't entirely trust your government, having money in the bank may feel like the opposite of security. 
The primary reason people in 1st world countries use banks is because they have no choice. In order to make any kind of electronic transaction -- extremely important in modern societies -- you need a bank to do so. Even if you preferred to keep most of your money in cash, you would still need a bank whenever you wanted to spend any money electronically. 
Furthermore, most modern countries are progressively phasing out cash, and in many of these countries possessing more than small amounts of cash is illegal and police are free to confiscate your money if they find it. So actually having your money in cash, in modern societies, is quite dangerous. 
It used to be that the incentive to use banks was so that you received interest on the money you lent the bank. But today that is hardly the case, and in some places the reverse is true, you actually have to pay the bank to hold your money. 
We have more or less already arrived at a situation where one has no choice but to use a bank, and to whatever extent cash is still an option it is quickly ceasing to be a viable one. This is why people use banks. 
If, however, one could secure their own money just as reliably as a bank -- of course, dependent on a certain minimal level of competence on the part of the individual -- *and,* additionally, one could also *use* that cash electronically without requiring a bank, many people *would* opt out of using banks entirely. Will there still be a need for companies that secure money on your behalf? For some people, obviously, yes. But in that world, the incentive to use banks will be so dramatically lessened, banks will have no choice but to offer additional incentives beyond just security. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 19:35:53
Bitcoins possess the same "objective-like" status as do physical objects, that's part of the attraction and invention.
@_date: 2018-06-07 22:19:19
Bitcoin created non-government controlled currency. Ethereum created non-government controlled securities. Yes, people recognized that non-government controlled securities would ruffle some feathers, but the same was true of how people recognized that non-government controlled currency would ruffle some feathers. Arguing that Ethereum is a security and that government will be threatened by this is like arguing Bitcoin is money and that government will be threatened by that. 
The fact that Bitcoin is non-government controlled money is not a bug, its a feature, and the same is true of the fact that Ethereum's platform allows for non-government regulated securities. The birth of peer-to-peer securities not requiring a middleman is second only in significance to the birth of peer-to-peer digital money.
Bitcoin has been the vanguard of the crypto movement, and in part provided the cover for altcoins to flourish in the first place. By being the most secure, most decentralized, most pure crypto it became the foundation for the entire movement. When Bitcoin was first born, few people expected it to survive. When it did, that sparked the imagination that crypto is possible, that it is real, and this in turn gave rise to the explosion in altcoins. Every altcoin owes its existence not just to the conception of Bitcoin, but the continued success of Bitcoin. 
But this vanguard position of Bitcoin is now shifting to Ethereum. It is now the question of whether Ethereum can survive upon which hinges the future of the crypto space. In 2013, the hype cycle was born out of a realization that digital money was possible, but the 2014 bear market reflected the sentiment that there was a real possibility Bitcoin would not survive. With the realization that Bitcoin can and will survive, 2017 became a hype cycle born out of the realization that digital securities were possible. The bear market of 2018 reflects the market's doubts about whether such securities will survive. 
The future of crypto, in other words, now no longer rests squarely on the issue of whether Bitcoin can survive---that debate has been essentially resolved. Instead, the question is now on whether Ethereum can survive. Every altcoin out there is trembling with fear, but their concern is not with the survival of Bitcoin, their concern is with the survival of Ethereum. This places Ethereum at the vanguard of the movement and makes it the most consequential crypto in existence. In this sense, one could say we have just witnessed the "flippening."
 
@_date: 2016-12-28 04:23:36
This clip is truly cringe worthy. I feel genuinely embarrassed for Paul. He is just so absolutely confident in being clueless.  
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:54:27
One of the biggest historical questions about the battle of Dunkirk is why the Nazi's halted and gave the allies time to set up their defenses. The Nazis could have easily wiped out the British army, but they didn't, and it made no strategic sense whatsoever. 
Generally, historians are now of the opinion that what happened was that Hitler's generals were so anxious to go forward with the attack, since it was a no brainer, that they didn't bother to get Hitler's approval. This enraged Hitler not because the generals were wrong to attack, but because they challenged his authority. So a power struggle ensued, and until it was the resolved the Nazi troops were forced to wait. Meanwhile, the allies set up the defenses needed to hold off the eventual assault and evacuate 300,000+ troops. When Hitler finally was able to put the generals in their place, he went ahead and ordered them to do exactly what they had wanted to do in the first place. 
This is a bit like the block size debate. The Core developers have never been against block size increases. Even the most hard core small blocker within Core, Luke-jr, advocates an eventual block size increase. Furthermore, segwit is a block size increase. So, arguments within the community over why the Core developers don't want to increase the block size is a bit like the Nazi troops arguing among themselves why Hitler didn't want to attack. I imagine there were troops defending Hitler by coming up with all sorts of theories about timing, and minimizing casualties, and whatever nonsense they could conjure. The reality was Hitler felt his authority was being challenged by the generals, even if he agreed with their assessment. 
In my opinion, if the block size debate and the power struggle it represents had never occurred, we would probably already have segwit and larger blocks. The hold up is purely a power struggle. 
Core has a way of doing things, it is methodical and based on empirical research and peer-review. They intended to raise the block size as soon as they could engineer the most awesome way to do so. But you had a few people who demanded, "block size increase NOW, we have no time to wait!" and Core's methodical steadiness and lack of ELI5 communication with the community allowed these dissenters to began a movement that claimed Core secretly didn't want a a block increase at all because it didn't favor the business model of blockstream. Over time, they managed to convince enough people and create an anti-Core movement. 
It is a bit like if the Nazi generals had stirred up the troops by convincing them that Hitler secretly had no intentions of ever attacking. Why would the generals have done such a thing? Power. And the more successful these generals might have been in convincing the troops, the more entrenched their power struggle with Hitler would have become and the longer the troops would have had to wait for the power struggle to resolve itself before they could attack, which would have confirmed the troops' suspicions that Hitler had no intentions of attacking.
Those who want to wrestle power away from the Core developers have been using the delays to scaling -- which they themselves have been causing -- to confirm in the minds of users that Core secretly has no intention of ever increasing on-chain capacity. Their goal is to cause a revolt that eventually lands them in control of Bitcoin development. They don't care about scaling ultimately, they just want power over Bitcoin and are using this debate as a political weapon to achieve that. And they have been tremendously successful so far, in my opinion.
@_date: 2016-12-22 11:38:45
By using *magic* internet money. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 17:00:22


























If a miner spends $100 to mine 0.1 bitcoin, how is that different than if someone goes to an exchange and spends $100 to buy 0.1 bitcoin? Are you suggesting that a person who buys bitcoin at the exchange is increasing selling pressure?
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:15:46
The agreement is not legally binding. Nor does it require that miners continue to mine btc1. All it mandates is that they signal for segwit and then later hard fork to btc1. 
However, when the treaty was created, BCH didn't exist. The drafters of the treaty were assuming that only one Bitcon would exist, they didn't consider the possibility that miners could sign the treaty, and then go off and mine a completely different coin. And, more importantly, that this other coin would be a big blocker's wet dream and the creation of the world's largest miner who desperately wants to see it succeed. 
Furthermore, these Chinese miners who are now supporting BCH were the very miners who were primarily responsible for the network's inability to upgrade to segwit in the first place. Segwit2x was an effort to compromise to get them on board to prevent a chain split. But they aren't actually on board. They split the chain anyway and now are leaving in favor of their new chain. So who exactly is being compromised with?
It is as if two countries at war signed a peace treaty, but then one of the two countries continued to attack. At what point do you admit that the treaty failed? Yes, the Chinese miners allowed segwit to activate, **but they would have allowed segwit activation anyway the moment they moved their hash power to BCH.** So, in reality, they didn't actually give the segwit side anything.  
Further, it should now be clear that there is absolutely no guarantee that miners who signed the treaty will continue to mine segwit2x. So the entire argument that segwit2x is guaranteed to win because of superior hash power loses veracity. Most big blocker (i.e., Chinese) miners will probably move to BCH. This will leave Core supporting miners, *who only remain committed to segwit2x out of concern for their reputations*, scratching there heads over why they are still mining segwit2x now that their obligation has be met. With the community of Core supporters quite strong and unwilling to let the marketcap drop, and the community of segwit2x supporters more or less an apathetic group, it's likely that the segwit2x chain will rapidly lose value relative to Core which will put immediate pressure on miners to return to Core. Segwit2x will be without hashing power, community support, or market confidence, and Coinbase will be left holding the bag. 
Frankly, segwit2x gets us absolutely nothing. It's not going to survive, it's going to ruin reputations, and it will cause further unnecessary chaos in the ecosystem. 
 
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:31:58
It is also Jihan's strategy. Neither Core nor Jihan want S2X.
@_date: 2017-08-17 21:47:19
People are writing BCH off prematurely in my opinion. It is like a divorce where the settlement hasn't been finalized so it isn't clear who is going to get the TV.
The market remains uncertain about BCH's future in large part because of segwit2x. If segwit2x is successful -- which I am not anticipating, but many people are -- then BCH has no purpose. Segwit2x is a big blocker win, an increase in capacity + a replacement of the Core devs with developers who are big blockers. Many big blockers never really opposed segwit, holding it up was merely a tool to force Core into giving them what they wanted. So segwit2x is, for many in the big block community, a pure win, and if it gains the title "Bitcoin" as well, the remaining big block community will have little reason to resist sticking with segwit2x and BCH will wither and die. That kind of uncertainty about BCH's future is why it is struggling. 
But if segwit2x fails, and small blockers remain in control of development, then BCH becomes the defacto big blocker alternative, and now it has a future. And if that is the case, we may eventually be forced to admit we were wrong to be dismissive of it. 
@_date: 2016-12-21 16:36:13
If we are genuinely starting the next hype cycle, we are going well past $1200. 
@_date: 2018-10-31 08:16:17


Why does the guy digging ditches all day make less money in a week than a lawyer makes in an hour despite expending much more energy? Why does that same lawyer make less money in a week than the capitalist does in the time it takes them to finish their glass of wine?
Presumably the guy digging ditches is doing so because someone else wants those ditches dug. But what if there were no one who wanted the ditches dug, and the guy was just digging random ditches for no reason other than to keep busy? Would that energy spent be creating value? Why can't someone simply make a living by digging ditches in random places all day, or by simply opening and closing a random door repeatedly, or lifting and dropping a rock over and over? Could a country like North Korea run their economy by simply getting all of its citizens to do nothing but jumping jacks all day?
Energy spent, in itself, doesn't create value. It only has value if someone has a need for that energy spent. If someone needs those ditches dug, then the process of digging them has value.
Value comes from demand. If people want something, then it has value.
@_date: 2017-01-01 06:52:00
If I pay you for a service you provided me with in cattle and the cattle all die the next day, does that mean I didn't pay you? If I paid you by fixing your car, the fact that you can't reuse that payment means I didn't pay you?
@_date: 2016-12-08 06:58:42
If we are talking about the actual use of bitcoin as currency -- and not simply the activity of speculators and investors -- the harsh reality is that it is being used by people who either wish to, or have no other choice but to bypass/avoid the fiat banking system. There are few practical reasons for people in first world countries -- people who have access to banking -- to use it unless they specifically wish to avoid the banking system (or happen to be bitcoiners who simply wish to encourage its use).
It's true that legitimacy certainly encourages investment, even those who are most skeptical of it as a currency cannot ignore the huge gains over the past year. But in terms of actual use, it is precisely in those sketchy areas that give it a bad rap that we see it being *actually* used as money the most.
Sure, you can buy games on Steam or electronics from Newegg with bitcoin. But for someone who has never touched bitcoin, why would they go through the hassle of acquiring some just to buy stuff they can simply use their credit cards for? What's the advantage? If you wanted to buy porn, on the other hand, that might be a situation where bitcoin feels more comfortable. A prostitute even more so. 
And, sure, sites like purse.io offer nice savings while using bitcoin. People like Roger Ver certainly made a big deal of that as an example of the advantages of bitcoin. But the reality is that the only reason you can get those savings is because of all the demand for clean bitcoin (i.e., bitcoin that isn't traceable). And why is there all that demand for clean bitcoin? Because people want to use it for shady purposes. 
Bitcoin's initial success came from the Silk Road, and no "legitimate" market has been able to replicate that success since, and there is a reason for that. The advantage intrinsic to bitcoin lies in the fact that it is decentralized, censorship resistant, and bypasses the banking system.
Having liquid, decentralized exchanges, and more built in anonymity, would all but guarantee bitcoin's success and large returns for investors as black market use increased. If only a relatively small portion of black market traffic was all done through bitcoin the price would reach the moon. It would, however, also guarantee that governments would come after it more aggressively than they already have, and likely leave many investors who did use legitimate KYC compliant exchanges exposed to harrassment. The irony is that it is likely that the government's current approach to limit liquidity by attacking the entry points and legitimate exchanges could very well promote decentralized alternatives that turn bitcoin into the very beast they fear.  
   
@_date: 2016-12-24 16:57:16
My view is that the crash will likely come sometime in 2017. Perhaps early 2018. The reason being the Fed raising interest rates.
@_date: 2017-08-14 14:17:45
Yeah. Don't get cocky, aliens could invade Earth any day now . . . 
@_date: 2016-12-16 06:03:39
There is no avoiding that it's a political move, whether intended as such or not. 
@_date: 2017-01-23 16:59:11


Anyone who is telling you to allocate your portfolio to hedge against an apocalypse is probably not an expert in finance. 
@_date: 2016-12-27 02:57:18
Ideally, you should treat your phone like a physical wallet. You shouldn't keep more than spending money there. The remainder should go into cold storage, a backed up hardware wallet or a paper wallet. 
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:26:12


Banks, whether commercial or central, require a bailout when the value of their assets---in central banks case, mostly consisting of bonds--- is substantially less than the paper value of the money they have printed into existence. Since the money they have printed represents the bank's liabilities, printing more money only makes the matter worse.
In other words, central banks control the value of the currency by controlling the money supply. They can increase the money supply by simply printing, but in order to decrease the money supply they need a way of removing the currency from circulation. They do this by buying it from the public and then burning it.
This is why your suggestion that they could simply print more money wouldn't work because, in a bailout scenario, what central banks require is less money in circulation, not more, and you are suggesting that they could help this situation by creating more money which would only make the matter worse. In actuality, what they need are other assets to sell in exchange for the national currency so that they can burn the currency and remove it from circulation---these assets usually consist of government bonds since those are the least likely to suddenly change in value and cause a crisis in the central banks' balance sheet. If they can't do this, for whatever reasons, hyperinflation occurs. Hyperinflation indicates that the bank has failed, it is how central banks fail, and the currency goes to zero.
When people say fiat money is backed by nothing, this isn't entirely true. It is backed by the central bank's assets. The problem is that those assets tend to be entirely made up of debt denominated in the same currency that the central bank prints, or debts denominated in other countries' fiat currencies that are each backing the other, creating a gigantic house of cards of systemic risk. This is why some people advocate a return to a gold standard or what have you. The truth is, in my view, fiat currency does not derive its value from its backing or its balance sheet, the balance sheet only permits central banks control over monetary policy. Fiat currency's actual value derives from its utility.
@_date: 2016-12-28 03:55:10
I'm really impressed with this guy, Vinny Lingham.


Absolutely. I've been saying this for a long time and completely agree, average consumers will be the last ones to the party. Notice that when many people dismiss bitcoin, the first thing they point to is the unlikeliness of it displacing traditional payments because it isn't any more convenient or faster for the consumer. 
Viewing bitcoin through the lens of the consumer as the sole, or primary, criteria for its prospects is coming from people not very familiar with the inner workings of the world of money, finance, and power. They are just viewing bitcoin as a consumer product like the iPhone. Money doesn't work that way, people don't use their national currencies because they simply represent the best product.
As far as bitcoin being primarily a commodity as opposed to money, at least right now, again, Vinny gets it. It is precisely *because* bitcoin is a commodity that it will become money. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 16:39:58
The critical idea here is that it allows you to transfer bitcoins physically. 
While previously it was always possible to physically transfer a private key, there was no way for the recipient to know whether the previous owner still possessed a copy of they key. Consequently, they had no choice but to immediately send the received bitcoin to a new address which they, alone, possessed. But this is the same thing as if the original owner had simply transferred the coins to the recipient's new address electronically. The physical transfer, under this scenario, was inconsequential. 
What Opendime makes possible now is the transfer of bitcoins in meat space without the need for the recipient to immediate send the received coins to a new address. One Opendime stick can exchange hands dozens or more times and each time value is transferred without an actual transaction being recorded in the blockchain since it is simply people passing around the same private key. As soon as the private key is actually read, the device seal is broken and it becomes unusable for continued physical transactions. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 21:14:37
Let's imagine a scenario where the government mandates that from now on, all private companies, minus one, are illegal. That private company is now the company you will go through for all your services, ranging from buying cars to paying for electricity, to buying groceries. Would you still consider this a private company?
You aren't obligated to use that companies services. And technically, the fees you paid this company wouldn't amount to taxes.
@_date: 2018-06-15 15:23:00
Yes, but what was never proven was that the Willy bot was the cause for the 2013 bubble. Same issue here. It is clear that some price manipulation occurred, but by the authors of the study's own admission, it at best only contributed to the bubble slightly. Yet, to read the press you would think the entire bubble was manufactured.
In some ways all this reminds me of the Madoff ponzi during the housing market bubble. It occurred during the bubble and came to light sometime after the crash as angry investors looked for someone to blame. But ultimately Madoff's ponzi didn't cause the bubble, it was simply given cover by it, and once the bubble popped the ponzi could no longer hide. Something similar seems to have happened with Gox and perhaps here.
@_date: 2016-12-31 18:15:16
The point is that with hashcash, computers paid other computers in order to enjoy a service. They paid these computers in a token meant to represent labor, or work. That is, the token had *actual* economic value -- albeit, a very tiny amount -- it wasn't *merely* a token.
The common definition of money requires that it possess three characteristics: 1) It must be a medium of exchange. 2) It must be a unit of account. 3) It must be a store of value. I don't know if I fully subscribe to this view, but in any case, a Hashcash token was used to pay for services, it was used to account for how much work a computer had done, and most critically, this work required real life expenditure, meaning it had value, which is why hashcash could prevent spam. Put simply, hashcash tokens -- in a very rudimentary way -- satisfy all three conditions of money.
The fact that it was called 'Hash*cash*' and the fact that Back used monetary terms in labeling his variables/functions is, like you said, essentially irrelevant. But it shows that he understood it in monetary terms; as well he should, because it was a kind of rudimentary money, so using the naming conventions he did only helped to clarify.    
@_date: 2017-01-04 19:12:44
Yes. I would say that people who are worried about volatility that way probably fall into the category of "traders," albeit ones who have longer time frames between trades, because they fully intend to cash out after the bull run ends. Traders have no choice but to leave their funds on exchanges for extended periods of time, and that is why people tend to feel sympathy for traders who lose their money when exchanges are hacked.  
The problematic group isn't the traders, it's the buy and hodl investors who rely on exchanges to store their coins. These are people for whom the cost of having to put the effort into figuring out how to store their own coins, and the anxiety that produces for them, outweighs the risk of the exchange going down. The fact that these exchanges actively encourage such investors to leave their money with the exchange, through various assurances, makes these investors feel more comfortable than they should. I image we are talking primarily about less tech savvy, less interested, wealthy individuals comfortable with traditional online banking, and for whom a loss to their investment represents no big deal.
But what these people do is they make us all vulnerable. For one, we all become vulnerable to a depreciation in Bitcoin's base value proposition, as it becomes more and more just like traditional banking. But perhaps more concerning, we become vulnerable to the tremendous reputation hit Bitcoin would receive if one of these exchanges, like Coinbase, were to lose everyone's money. Can you imagine? It would be a disaster not just for people with money on the exchange, it would be a disaster for all of us. The media would have a field day, there would might even be congressional hearings to further create fear in the public, and people who held money at Coinbase would tell everyone they knew how stupid bitcoin is. There shouldn't be this vulnerability.   
@_date: 2016-12-20 16:05:19
I think your assumptions are off. Your first assumption was that the goal is for fees to rise on-chain so that we can pay miners when the block reward disappears. It's not. The purpose of the Lightening Network is to achieve just the opposite, it is to lower on-chain transaction fees. It does this by dramatically reducing the amount of transactions that are competing to get included in blocks. Because there is less competition and less demand for block inclusion, the transaction fees go down. 
Think of it this way: transaction fees are based on supply and demand. The supply is the amount of block space available, the demand is the number of transactions trying to get included in a block. To lower the price of fees you can either increase the supply or decrease the demand; raising the block size would do the former, using LN the latter, but whether you raise block size or use off chain solutions like LN, the result on fees is the same: they go down. 
Your 2nd assumption followed from your first: namely, that the purpose of limiting the block size is to make sure fees go up. But since your first assumption was wrong, your second assumption was also wrong. The goal of limiting the block size was never to artificially raise fees. Again, if high fees were the goal, there would be no point in having the LN. 
The purpose for limiting the block size is security. The larger the block size, the more difficult it becomes to run a full node. A small increase may not impact someone living in a first world country much, but someone in a third world country might be greatly discouraged. The system risks becoming centralized and vulnerable to censorship and attack, especially if the blockchain becomes unwieldy to the point that only big businesses run full nodes. 
This doesn't mean the block size should never be raised. It just needs to be raised conservatively to preserve the system's security. This requires us to look for way to magnify the impact of raising the block size when we do, so that we get much more bang for our buck. That is precisely what SEGWIT and the LN do. 
Just for example, let's say that Lightening Network results in a situation where for every 10 transactions, 9 of them occur off-chain. Now suddenly a 1 mb blocksize limit with LN can handle the same number of transactions on the network as a 10 mb block size without LN. Just raising the blocksize by another 1 mb would now turn that into 20 mb of transactions that the network could handle without seeing any fee increases. And when you add segwit, that becomes ~40mb. That is a lot of new transaction capacity *while simultaneously preserving the security of the network* by not insisting that the blockchain become unwieldy. 
@_date: 2017-01-04 15:26:16
To the best of my knowledge, Mt Gox also stored most of their coins offline. Most probably that was an inside job. These institutions are extremely vulnerable. Imagine how tempting it would be if you were working on a paycheck for a company that was sitting on hundreds of thousands of bitcoins. All you have to do is get access to them and you can send them to an anonymous address under your control. *So simple and easy to get away with.* Hell, if I were a professional hacker, first thing I'd consider is how to get employed by some of these exchanges. If I wasn't a hacker -- but just a security professional -- I would consider becoming one. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 17:21:51
Yes, bitcoin is money. But it is important to understand that the blockchain is a commodity, and that transactions -- or the ability to be included in a block -- represent a unit of that commodity and that that commodity is scarce. Since in order to *use* this commodity one must pay with bitcoins, there exists a inherent need for bitcoin as long as the need for using the blockchain exists. Obviously there is a reciprocal relationship between the blockchain and the token, but this is how money works. The base use case for the US dollar, for example, is to pay taxes with, since taxes are only accepted in US dollars. As US society becomes more powerful, the US government becomes more powerful, taxes become more important, and the demand for US dollars increases.   
So, in my mind, the proper way to say it is: bitcoin is money, Bitcoin is a commodity. 
@_date: 2018-06-15 18:59:25
The manipulation study may be underwhelming, but what isn't underwhelming is the fact that Bitfinex was able to borrow so much money without going to a traditional lender. 
The fact is that Tether is an IOU from Bitfinex. If you hold Tether, Bitfinex owes you the equivalent in USD. So while cryptotraders are using Tether to gain liquidity and exposure to the USD, Bitfinex is using Tether to borrow from cryptotraders. 
When cryptotraders are holding Tether, they are risking that Bitfinex may become insolvent. They are willing to take this risk because of the liquidity Tether provides. 
The fact that Tether is an IOU means that Bitfinex can borrow without needing to go to a traditional lender by simply producing more Tether than they have USD and using that Tether to purchase other assets. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:23:51
Excellent point, particularly the way you've placed your finger on the distinction between seeing the unfolding events through the lens of groups vs individuals. 
Let me just clarify:  I completely agree with you that individuals are at the heart of everything that is taking place, and I don't mean to create a strong separation between groups and the individuals that comprise them. After all, I've written quite a bit about how central figures like Jihan Wu, Haipo Yang, luke-jr and others have been, and continue to be, to the politics of the system. 
Having said that, my larger worldview is that the crypto-revolution represents a vital part of humanity's transition from modernity into post-modernity. At the heart of this transition is the shift from institutional power to networks of power. That is to say, the difference between modernity and post-modernity is, in part, a move in emphasis away from the individual and return toward the group. I say, "return to the group," because, in my view, pre-modern societies and social structures were heavily group oriented as well. However, group-think in post-modern society, in my view, is actually the "hive-mind" that derives from large collections of individuals thinking in tandem, whereas in pre-modern society group-think suppressed the individual in favor of allegiance to a shared set of beliefs. That is to say, pre-modern movements, like religions for example, achieved unity from a singular set of beliefs that had to be conformed to. In post-modern society, unity is achieved by having a broad set of often conflicting beliefs connected through networks. The network achieves a kind of "hive mind" from the coloration and creativity that its unified diversity gives rise to.
What this means is that over the course of this century, power will increasingly be accumulated by these global collectives, if you will. They will be able to achieve things that could never be accomplished by the inflexibility of pre-modern movements, and the narrow, bureaucratic, and hierarchical nature of modern institutions. 
So, in my view, the crypto-networks that will ultimately thrive will, in the long run, be those networks that best actualize the power of creative expression that comes from a broad diversity of adoption. Unity out of diversity and permission-less innovation is the key.
So that's where I see things going. But we don't get there overnight, there will be transition. Bitcoin represents the world's first economic network of this kind. Bootstrapped from nothing but network effect, it has organically grown to be as big as some multi-national corporations, despite not having a CEO or a headquarters. But it is being born out of the old world, so to speak, and so many of the dynamics of power associated with the old world play a large role in Bitcoin.   
For example, mining centralization in Bitcoin has occurred, in large part, because of the economies of scale that characterize 20th century industry. But what would mining look like once energy production moves to distributed grids of renewable energy like solar? When everyone produces their own energy and is free to mine with whatever excess energy they produce, what does Bitcoin mining look like then?
Or take the power exchanges like Coinbase have managed to accumulate for themselves. This is in large part because these exchanges are the interface between bitcoin and old world money which is, by nature, heavily regulated and power centralized. Any Joe could exchange fiat for bitcoin if not for the fact that there are money transmitter laws against this, and you risk going to prison. In other words, the friction of fiat money, the old world, is causing centralization here, and users are finding themselves begrudgingly using these services because they lack alternatives. But what will the situation look like when there is an abundance of decentralized exchanges and when fiat money either isn't used anymore, or has all been converted into crypto?
You see, the point is that Bitcoin is leading the transition from the old world to new, but to the extent we still have a foot in the old world, centralizing forces play into the equation. But the inherent pull of the new world is toward decentralization. I expect we will see that pull across the board, not just in cryptocurrency. 
That isn't to say that there won't be powerful individuals and that these individuals won't have to work with their peers. It is just that the locus of power will be in these larger networks, and for individuals to have power, they will increasingly need to accumulate reputational power within these networks. In the 21st century, how many followers you have on Twitter will be equally as indicative of power as how much money you have in the bank. Politicians with lots of money will be impotent next to politicians with lots of social media presence. 
Look at how vital social media has been for Roger Ver and Jihan Wu's efforts to secure power for themselves. They have had to rigorously build communities around their visions and garner large number of supporters for their cause. Simply sitting in the shadows and using their money to influence outcomes was not enough. They needed those internet trolls, a constant and steady barrage of arguments on behalf of the big blocks point of view. These internet trolls persuaded people, and the people they persuaded persuaded people. Clearly, their money has been a large part of the equation, but it is not enough in itself. They require community, because fundamentally these networks are just that. And for a network to acquire the kind of faith and confidence it needs for people to give it value, they require dedicated and believing communities. 
The community is the network. The old world forces that are leading toward mining centralization or concentration of power in the hands of exchanges exist transitionally, and it can appear Bitcoin is going down the road of power we are so familiar with, but fundamentally the further we enter the post-modern age, the more resistance there will be to these kinds of accumulation of power, and if Bitcoin doesn't naturally adjust the network will lose confidence to another network that does. But even though we are in transition, the new world forces remain the defining features that make Bitcoin what it is, and therefore play a huge role in influencing the powerful individuals within the space. 
This is why it is so important to look at the varying communities, because these communities represent the collective will of the network. Businesses that alienate large portions of the community do so at their own peril, and they take this risk largely because they are still persuaded by the 20th century logic in which the powerful talk among themselves and understand the masses to have no choice but to use the best or only available services. 
But as we progress further into this revolution, the best services will become those which have the largest network effects, and those will be the ones that distribute power the widest. TenX will with time replace Bitpay because profits go to the network of users, rather than the company. Decentralized exchanges will eventually replace centralized exchanges because of the lower fees, the higher liquidity (servicing the entire planet), the absence of surveillance, the political neutrality, and the greater security. This will happen because people will come onto forums like these and ask, "What's the best exchange?" and they will be told. This won't happen overnight, but, again, these post-modern influences are already part of the equation, and leaders who build solid reputations will be equipped to move forward once their existing business models become obsolete. Other leaders will run into walls of suspicion and a lack of followers. 
Anyway, I've gone on long enough on this topic.
    
   
 
@_date: 2018-06-01 15:55:16
It's interesting that he was so dismissive of Satoshi and found it annoying whenever Satoshi asked for his help. This is, from a personality standpoint, consistent with his famous bitcoin spending spree on two pizzas, which in a way also feels oddly dismissive.
@_date: 2016-12-31 18:26:52
There's no need to attack the guy personally. Everyone is entitled to an opinion. Personally, I don't see how his motives are relevant to this discussion.  
@_date: 2017-08-23 13:53:50
It isn't coincidence that you guys are out in mass the day before Segwit activation. 
@_date: 2016-12-13 16:36:41
Excellent points. It is important to clarify, as you have done, that it does cost money to purchase new ether to mine with, and in principal those costs should theoretically put upward pressure on the price if the price should fall below costs.  
Here's the thing: If we think of a blockchain as a decentralized central bank (I know, it sounds like an oxymoron), then the question is what is the price that the central bank is charging new money for? The answer in a PoS system is essentially zero, its giving the money away for free. 
An analogy would be if a fiat central bank gave money away for free on an annual basis to its member banks in proportion to their respective sizes. This would be essentially how a proof of stake system works. Now, of course, if the average man on the street wants to become one of those member banks he will have to raise absolutely insane amounts of capital, and we could say that he will never recover his costs from central bank dividends alone. But for the already established member banks, who have been profitable for as long as anyone can remember, the central bank's policy of handing them money annually *is* free money.
(I want to say something as a side note. This is actually happening. It started last year when the Fed raised interest rates. They've instituted a new method for raising interest rates that replaces the old one. The new method involves paying interest on its member banks' reserves. The difference, however, between this and a PoS system is that the Fed is paying them out of its own profits -- profits that are supposed to be going to the Treasury -- rather than by simply printing new money.)
Now, having created this analogy, you can see how it applies. For some miners of ether, their costs will eventually be more or less zero, because presumably they purchased large amounts of ether when it was only 25 cents per unit. At some point their profits will have long since erased whatever their initial costs were. A new miner who wants to compete against these established players will be like a man on the street wanting to become a member bank with the Federal Reserve. If he buys a huge sum of ether in order to compete with these established players he will likely have difficulty recovering his costs. But more importantly, do you think the established players will just happily settle for a decrease in market share? No, they will continually undercut their new competition. Whereas for them, any price is profit, for new players, they still have to meet their costs. New miners simply will not be able to compete and will eventually fold, particularly if they have loans to repay. 
The point is that the downward pressure of free money will still apply to the overall system. While individual miners may have heavy costs, other miners do not, and the latter will inevitably, over time, displace the former, pressuring the entire system toward the actual cost of new money, which is zero. 
In a PoW system, by contrast, the cost of new money creation is proportional to the value of that money. Miners have to continually upgrade their equipment and pay electricity fees, they will do so in concert with the amount of profit that can be earned from the average value of the block reward. They must keep costs below what they earn, but above whatever is required to net a profit. If their goal is to push new players out of the market, this goal is best actualized by increasing the hash rate, not by undercutting the prices (as is the case in a PoS system). The reason being that the loss in profits from undercutting prices is better spent increasing the hash rate instead, because once the new competition leaves the market they now stand to gain an even larger portion of the market after having bought more equipment.
If I am right, both systems will tend toward centralization, but in a PoS system the pull toward centralization will come in the form of downward pressure on the price of ether itself.  
@_date: 2018-06-11 02:20:57


It suggests your comprehension about what is going on here isn't quite in line with reality, otherwise you would have invested, and invested heavily, in 2011 when bitcoin was 5 dollars. You didn't have the right mental configuration to take advantage of such a grand opportunity, for whatever reasons. Those influenced by Austrian economics, on the other hand, did, and that should give us pause.
Whatever one thinks of Austrian economics, the fact is that it opened peoples minds to the possibility of free market currency\-\-\-or at least something other than national currency\-\-\-and this consideration allowed them take bitcoin quite seriously while others thought it inconceivable. Presumably, likely because of your training, you thought bitcoin was a long term impossibility and perhaps still do. But if your training inevitably lead you to conclude bitcoin could not possibly survive, the fact that it has gotten this far is not proof that Austrian economics is a joke, but that perhaps there are blind spots in your worldview.


Commodity money isn't the radical idea, digital gold is. The idea that something virtual could have such standing as to be considered "gold" is, quite frankly, a radical idea.
@_date: 2018-06-23 18:07:09


The whole purpose of HODLing is to avoid selling prematurely.
*Someone who is purely a trader, or purely a gambler---someone without any understanding of or attachment to the underlying asset---hasn't even the theoretical capacity to hold all the way to the moon.* 
Any disciplined trader will either have already set a sell target before even making the trade or will exit the trade upon making what they consider to be a reasonable profit based on their analysis. Similarly, any gambler will eventually cave to FUD as there is no such thing as a crypto that only goes up. Neither the pure gambler nor the pure trader has the capacity to hold long term. 
Only the hodler has the theoretical capacity to hold from 30 cents to 30 million dollars because to be a hodler means to have become convinced in the underlying value of the asset and what that value will eventually be. 
That isn't to discount those traders who are fundamentally hodlers and yet trade to supplement their hodling. It is just to say that very few non-hodlers---people who have no faith in the value of the underlying asset---will ever do as well in crypto as hodlers, they simply lack the ability not to sell prematurely.
@_date: 2016-12-30 02:05:58
Bitcoin was trading in the high $300s - low $400s at the time of this article. 
@_date: 2016-12-13 07:10:20
The real purpose of fees was never, in my opinion, to provide the miners with income into the indefinite future. If that were our only goal, we would probably be better off simply raising the 21 mil cap and extending the block reward system. Assuming the right amount of reward were settled upon, the likely costs to users from a small increase in inflation would have no more impact than the negative costs of fees will. In that scenario, we could then remove fees entirely. Fees are not inherently necessary if our only goal is to assure mining continues, there are other ways of achieving this goal that would probably be more beneficial to everyone.
In light of that, then, I would argue that the purpose of fees is actually to limit the number of transactions that occur on the blockchain. If blocks could expand indefinitely and permit an infinite number of transactions, this wouldn't be an issue. But precisely because they can't, we must aspire for the right balance. That balance is determined by how large we want individual blocks to be, and that is determined by how much we are willing to pressure the network toward centralization. 
Assuming we settle upon a particular block size, that block size will never be able to handle an infinite number of transactions. If Bitcoin continues to grow, demand for block inclusion will likely always outpace the amount of space available, so competition over inclusion in blocks has to have some way of resolving itself. The idea of fees is to allow those economic interests who have the highest urgency precedence over those transactions which represent low-urgency or spam. Fees determine this. Whoever is willing to pay more gets included. 
Layered solutions like LN not only guarantees that anyone will be able to make low-fee transactions, not simply big financial institutions, but they also reduce the number of transactions that will occur on-chain, thereby lowering fees. It is very likely that layered solutions like LN will make on-chain transactions cheaper than they would be if everyone were competing to transact on-chain, even if the block size were dramatically increased. If large financial institutions start using the bitcoin blockchain, no amount of block size increase will be enough to allow average Joe to avoid huge fees when transacting on-chain. If average Joe wants cheap transactions, there must be something like the Lightening Network. Raising the block size limit simply won't be enough. What's more, if layered solutions like LN exist, not only will average Joe be able to make virtually free transactions, but if he wants to transact on-chain for whatever reason, it will likely cost him less than a scenario in which no LN existed and an increase in the block size was our only solution to the scaling issue precisely because, as you say, LN will reduce the number of transactions that occur on-chain and thereby reduce the fees.   
Fees are meant to limit the number of transactions that occur on the blockchain. LN will do the same thing, thereby reducing the need for fees in the first place. Consequently, it may still be in our long-term interest to raise the cap limit and maintain a reward system to the degree that on-chain transactions are kept under control by off-chain solutions. Put simply, fees will still be required, but they may not ultimately be sufficient to secure the network. 
 
@_date: 2016-12-22 11:37:14
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:28:04
Politically speaking, if SegWit is blocked, the blame over the slow confirmation times and high fees shifts from the core developers -- who up until now have received the brunt of the blame for the poor performance of the network which is used as evidence of their lack of competence -- toward those miners who blocked it and the community who support them. Particularly if it is perceived that the main motive behind the resistance to SegWit is purely one of attempting to frustrate the core devs. 
Because the developers have now offered a plan for scaling Bitcoin and alleviating the congested network, the political debate ceases to be what it was, namely that *one side of the debate favors scaling bitcoin and the other does not*. And though that was never the simple reality of the debate, it certainly was the way the debate was initially phrased in its earliest days and the way the debate filtered out toward less knowledgeable audiences. The further out you go, and the less nuanced the audience of bitcoin news becomes, the more sexy the narrative must be to grasp their attention, and framing it as a fight over those who want progress and those who want to preserve purity was a relatively sexy narrative, even if it wasn't ever really an honest one. It was this simple, easily grasped political framing that gave Hearn and Gavin so much influence early on, and it was this framing that we see still echoed in the continually doom-saying over slow confirmation times and high fees which are used constantly to berate the Core devs.
But now that the Core developers have actually offered a solution to scaling, for that solution to be blocked by none other than those who previously identified with the camp whose main concern was with Bitcoin scaling, the simple narrative that has always carried the blocksize debate to a larger audience shifts. It can no longer be said that the two sides are in opposition over *whether* bitcoin should scale, but rather *how* bitcoin should scale. And if the side previously identified as pro-scaling is so committed to their way, that they are willing to prevent Bitcoin from scaling now, their political reputation as the pro-progress wing is undermined. 
Meanwhile, the Core devs, having offered something of great technical merit, remove themselves from the image of standing in the way of progress. So the entire debate has shifted, with the Core devs now assuming the mantle of progress, and the other side, ironically, now appearing to stand in its way. Whether SegWit passes or not, this is a political win for the Core development team. 
But a narrative which suggests that the debate is merely over the technical direction of Bitcoin may not be sufficiently sexy for mainstream audiences. For all the efforts to muster up technical or even economic rationales for why SegWit should be denied, one can't help that the root of it lies, at least in part, upon the strong disdain one side has developed for Core and its personalities over the past year. This side finds itself unable to imagine how to embrace Bitcoin while Core still leads its development, which means that the denial of SegWit, as well as the efforts of BU, really represent a political revolt against Core, and I suspect this is the sexy narrative larger audiences are looking for. 
 
@_date: 2016-12-30 16:02:53
Precisely. 
@_date: 2016-12-22 00:57:48
I'm pretty sure you aren't Satoshi.


Satoshi WP, section 12. Conclusion:




that   quickly   becomes   computationally   impractical   for   an   attacker   to   change.
Like with any digital money, bitcoins are just numbers. *Transactions* are the real events recorded on the blockchain and the entire whitepaper is devoted to creating a system that can facilitate those transactions without a trusted third party. 
The words 'bitcoin' and 'cash' only appear in the paper twice each, and only in the opening section. 'Transaction' appears 69 times.
The genesis block was established Jan 3, 2009. The first use of bitcoin to make a payment didn't occur until May 22, 2010 . . . over a year later. Bitcoin existed for a year without being a payment system, without being cash, without being money. 
@_date: 2016-12-31 20:23:27
Well, like I said, it *already* was a currency -- albeit, a very primitive one confined to very limited markets -- in that clients would use hashcash tokens to *pay* the server for services.
 
But to answer you question more specifically, it was precisely because *it already was a primitive currency* that Hal Finney devised a full e-money system that used RPOW and tokens made of hashcash. The problem with hashcash wasn't that it wasn't a currency, the problem was -- to the best of my understanding -- that when tokens were spent, they could no longer be reused, meaning that in order to acquire the tokens one always had to mint them. This confined the market for hashcash to immediate client/server relations. With Hal Finney's system, on the other hand, a used piece of hashcash could be reused (technically, used tokens were turned into new ones), thereby making these tokens more like something you and I would associate with money. Theoretically, this could have expanded the market wide open, as, in principle, people could have exchanged hashcash tokens for a wide variety of goods and services. Obviously, there were many problems with this system compared to bitcoin, but it outlines how hashcash really was a primitive currency and an important part of crypocurrency's history.
The key innovation of hashcash, in my mind, was the invention of digital tokens whose value comes from the real life costs required to create them. Naturally, the first immediate application of this idea was to use it to prevent spam, but spam prevention wasn't the key invention. 
   
@_date: 2018-06-15 20:10:52
Tether is a symptom of our heavy dependence on centralized exchanges. It is possible to create "stable coins" that don't depend on fiat backing. Through a combination of decentralized exchange and smart contract derivatives, you could have a coin entirely backed by bitcoin that was always worth exactly 1 USD. Though it was backed by bitshares and lacked liquidity, BitUSD was an early proof of concept of this idea.
Right now, Tether is an IOU from Bitfinex, and holders of it are exposed to the same risk as holding your crypto on an exchange. Someone holding tether on Kraken is exposed to twice the risk, that either Kraken or Bitfinex could collapse. 
But even if the industry eventually moves to depend on decentralized stable coins, I suspect tether is just the beginning of exchange printed currency. Binance is a more recent example of an exchange that created its own token and has been able to give that token value.
 
@_date: 2018-06-13 15:35:20
This seems to be 2018's equivalent of the "Willy bot" theory that was popular in mid\-2014 as angry investors tried to make sense of the bear market.
@_date: 2016-12-27 04:45:08
In my opinion, the "intrinsic value" of Bitcoin is the blockchain. It represents the invention of objective-like existence in the virtual space, which is a very big deal. In order to *use* the blockchain, you must possess bitcoin, the token. So we could say that the commodity that was invented with Bitcoin was not bitcoin, per se, but rather block inclusion. Since there is a limited amount of block inclusion, the value of this base commodity rises with demand and its price is represented in transaction fees. A "transaction" is actually just block inclusion, so a transaction fee isn't actually a "fee," per se, as much as it is the current value of block inclusion.
Since bitcoin, the token, is required to obtain block inclusion, the higher the demand for block inclusion, the higher the demand for bitcoin. 
The reason people want to obtain bitcoin varies, but the common underlying principle that gives bitcoin value is the fact that the blockchain has various properties that make the digital token, bitcoin, valuable in a way that previous digital tokens could not be. This includes the fact that it is censorship resistant, secure, and beyond third party control. All of this boils down to the fact that Bitcoin has an "objective-like" existence. Since the security of the blockchain rises in proportion to the value of bitcoin, the token and the underlying commodity -- block inclusion -- have a reciprocal relationship. 
Put simply, the more valuable the blockchain becomes, the more valuable the token, bitcoin, becomes, and vice versa. 
If the supply of block inclusion doesn't meet with the demand, then the cost of block inclusion rises to a point where demand begins to drop off as less and less consumers can realistically use the blockchain for their purposes. Inversely, if the demand for bitcoin decreases, due to a compromise in those features that make people want to use it -- e.g., its security, its censorship resistance, its cross-border neutrality, its anonymity, etc. -- then the demand for block inclusion likewise decreases. 
So the ideal situation, economically speaking, is maximum demand for block inclusion and maximum supply to meet that demand. By "maximum supply," I mean the maximum supply that doesn't degrade the qualities of Bitcoin which gives it its high demand in the first place. Raising the block size too quickly, for example, or doing it in such a way that forks the network, could decrease those qualities and thereby decrease demand. 
Technologies like Counterparty clearly increase demand for block inclusion, and this is a *good thing.* However, if the supply of block inclusion is already beyond maximum, the value of bitcoin begins to drop as a consequence of the value of block inclusion exceeding what many people want to use it for. This includes what many people perceive to be bitcoin's primary use-case, which is as money.
Therefore, the general antipathy toward such protocols as Counterparty derives from the fact that they threaten the adoption of bitcoin *as* money, even while it is accepted that any increase in demand for block inclusion is a good thing. The bad, they reason, outweighs the good. Put simply, they are prioritizing Bitcoin's use as money over its use in other ways, but this is a political choice and not an economic one.
The reality is that the increase demand for block inclusion is always *only* good for Bitcoin. If the price of block inclusion rises as a consequence, people whose reasons for using the blockchain don't warrant the fees will drop off. *This includes Counterparty users,* meaning the natural order of supply and demand will limit the efficacy of these protocols. If these protocols have more demand than actual use of bitcoin *as money,* then it may actually be the case that these protocols have tapped into the value of Bitcoin in a way that its simple use as money does not. However, I suspect that the demand for using these protocols is less than the demand for using Bitcoin as money, and therefore the first to drop off due to high fees will be the users of these protocols. 
Therefore, I think it is a mistake to attempt to artificially limit the use of the blockchain against these protocols. I think the free market will naturally decide what is best for Bitcoin. I suspect it will decide money is the best use case, at least for now, but who are we to decide? Ultimately, the highest priority should be to scale the network to the maximum of its potential without compromising its core value proposition, and then let market forces decide. 
@_date: 2018-06-23 18:29:24
Gonna just drop [this]( here. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 17:06:49
The problem isn't with Bitcoin, the problem is with fossil fuels. Bitcoin was fundamentally designed to work with a world dependent on renewable energy, if the world does not make this move to renewable energy, then Bitcoin is not scalable (nor is human civilization). If the world does make this transition, then I suspect Bitcoin will be seen as indispensable to how the energy sector works.
The killer feature of renewable energies is their low marginal cost. But this feature cannot realize its full potential currently without adequate means of storage and markets to resell the excess energy. Being subject to the fluctuations of weather conditions means that renewable energies are leading toward greater energy market volatility. Finally, the high costs of building renewable plants means that despite the low marginal cost, the overall cost is still high and generally too high to justify replacing the existing energy sources.
All that changes with bitcoin mining, if bitcoin were to become sufficiently large and established. Now, suddenly, the near zero marginal cost of renewables almost guarantees that form of energy a dramatic advantage over existing fossil fuels. Almost all bitcoin mining will eventually seek renewable energy sources to remain competitive, and renewable plants will have an immediate way of profiting from excess energy without the need for storage solutions. This means that power plants can comfortably be built beyond the demand of local municipalities and can much more quickly recoup their initial costs than would be the case if they had to actually rely entirely on the sale of energy. In other words, the incentive to build renewable energy sources will dramatically increase, because they will almost be guaranteed to be profitable, even if their supply of energy exceeds demand.
This assertion that Bitcoin will actually hasten the transition to clean energy obviously depends on Bitcoin reaching a certain degree of success. But the criticism being leveled against Bitcoin is also one that imagines a certain degree of success on the part of Bitcoin (i.e., that Bitcoin will destroy the planet if it becomes too successful). The suggestion here is that that success, contrary to actually hastening the demise of the planet, will actually accelerate the solution.
@_date: 2017-08-08 01:17:22
**Also interesting to note:** Carnegie got the money for his first investment -- shares in Adams Express -- from his mother who actually took out a 2nd mortgage in order to pay for it. Pretty relevant, I think, given the number of people around these parts who've been pulling their hair out over similar stories of people doing that in order to invest in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 16:34:37


There are some big blockers who may believe this sort of thing, but the generally agreement from all sides -- including Gavin Andresen -- is that under a big block scenario, nodes will eventually need to be stored in large data centers. The key thing is that big blockers are OK with this.
One reason big blockers are OK with confining nodes to data centers is because [Satoshi himself argued that that was the eventual future](


@_date: 2016-12-21 21:31:41


I'm not saying you don't have a valid concern, I'm just saying that trying to prove that transactions are important by using some weird hypothetical scenario where gold is more difficult to transact seems silly, given that the fundamental value of bitcoin derives from its ability to add transactions to the blockchain.
Bitcoin's intrinsic value comes from its use, so of course we want it to be used more. DUH! 
About your mining analogy: Bitcoins are produced at a regular schedule, the amount of mining done is irrelevant to how quickly bitcoins are mined. Contrasted to gold mining, the more mining done, the more gold produced. The two systems use the same word, but beyond that their similarities are few. Furthermore, *the fundamental asset in Bitcoin is not bitcoin, it is block space*, just like the fundamental asset in gold is not money or jewelry, its gold. 
The *actual* analogy to gold mining with regard to bitcoin is the block size, for just as gold mining determines the supply of gold, the block size determines the supply of block space. 
Before Bitcoin was used as money it was used to record transactions in blocks. Each record or entry represents a fundamental unit, or asset, of the blockchain. Initially these were free, just like gold was free at the time of the cave man. Eventually they came to have value and the only way to pay for them was in bitcoins. Therefore, bitcoins acquired a base value of whatever the cost was to create entries in the blockchain. Fees.
@_date: 2017-01-04 17:54:11
I don't think anyone is arguing against using exchanges to trade, only using exchanges for long term storage. Coinbase really comes to mind, since they actively encourage their users to leave their bitcoin with them for long term storage via their "vault" system. 
@_date: 2019-08-01 18:27:03
The issue isn't whether there should be taxes or not, the issue is at what point do taxes and regulations begin to erode the prosperity of society, thereby reducing the overall taxes acquired in the first place. 
Obviously, if taxes were 100%, people would have no incentive to be productive at all and everyone would stay home. The government would have to force people to work at gun point and people would be very unproductive as there would be no advantage to them in being creative or working hard. This is essentially what happened with communist countries. Communism is just another way of describing a country with a 100% tax rate, and we all know how that ended.
@_date: 2017-08-15 15:38:01
@_date: 2017-01-04 16:45:49


I agree, and that's my point in a way. It isn't that it is technically difficult, it is simply unfamiliar. 
@_date: 2018-06-19 06:32:02
No. The only real purpose of 2x---and exactly what it accomplished---was to get the Chinese miners to activate segwit. The "corporate takeover" was, in my opinion, only an illusion ultimately used to fool the Chinese miners. Unfortunately, the con was so convincing that it fooled a lot of members of this community as well (as can be seen from the hostile comments toward Erik).
In other words, segwit2x was the needed carrot to balance the UASF stick to get the Chinese miners to relent. (Unfortunately, they didn't go down without creating BCH, so you might say it was only a partial success.) If it had been a genuine corporate takeover attempt as so many claim, it would never have folded so easily.
I wrote that segwit2x would fold months before it did. It folded because it was never really about a corporate takeover, it was only ever about moving us forward and people like Erik took one for the team in the process. Most likely his reputation will never fully heal.
@_date: 2016-12-12 16:38:34
This may seem slightly off-topic, but I just want to point out something that most people don't want to consider, as it is a bit of a sci-fi scenario, and a dark one at that. 
If Bitcoin stagnates, then mining will have to remain profitable in order for the network to maintain itself, and this will likely have to involve fees. 
However, if Bitcoin continues its march toward complete global domination, then mining will very likely end up under the control of governments, either through direct control of mining firms, or through subsidies. It should be obvious by now to everyone the power miners have over the network, and the potential dangers this could present to nations who lack sufficient mining power to have a representative vote in the future of the network. If mining became so centralized that a small number of nations, or a federation of nations, can dictate the future of the network, these nations could direct it in ways adverse to other nations. We must also consider the power governments will want to have over monitoring their own citizens. If Bitcoin truly becomes the primary base currency of the world -- perhaps not a realistic possibility, but a possibility nonetheless -- governments will have their hands all over the network and will invest heavily in it, not for financial gain, but for power. 
In such a scenario, with profit no longer the principal incentive for mining -- replaced now by national security concerns -- transaction fees become irrelevant. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 15:18:03
Good point.
@_date: 2018-06-11 02:46:43
Bitcoin is also a joke according to mainstream economic theory. If it turns out mainstream economists are wrong about bitcoin, then inevitably people will presume they are wrong about a lot of other things too. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 14:54:21
A paper wallet should be just as secure as a hardware wallet, as long as you sign your transactions on an offline computer that never touches the internet and then transfer the signed transaction to an online computer from which you broadcast it.
Really, the purpose of a hardware wallet is that it allows you to have your cake and eat it too. You get the security of a paper wallet, but without the headache. 
The fundamental design of Bitcoin allows transactions to be made without your keys ever touching the internet. We need to get to a place where this becomes the standard practice, but that won't happen until hardware wallet tech and its ease of use improves. I can imagine them one day being chip implants, but Bitcoin already has enough people accusing it of being the Mark of the Beast.  
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:34:57
There's two types of cryptotraders: those who are trying to make more fiat, and those who are trying to make more bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-12-05 16:55:11


There really isn't any asset in the world that is a guaranteed store of value. Value is always relative and subject to changes in supply and demand. Overall, however, historically speaking, houses and real estate seem to store value more reliably than money. It is easy to under appreciate this in first world countries where the currency has remained relatively stable over decades, but even then inflation slowly eats away at the value of cash which is precisely why people with excess liquidity prefer to invest in other assets. In less privileged societies, money can very quickly lose its value and in some scenarios even approach becoming worthless. 
Even the precious metal based money of past centuries experienced regular declines in value, the units often becoming worth less than the metals from which they were coined. It is at least in part because precious metals make for relatively good stores of value -- whereas money does not -- that money was made out of gold, silver, and platinum. This guaranteed that the base value of that money could not decline past the value of the substance from which the money was made. The whole purpose in having a money backed by something lies, fundamentally, in the fact that money in and of itself is so unreliable as a store of value, particularly when someone possesses the monopoly power to create or coin that money and is inevitably be inclined to abuse this power for their own gain.


That is an excellent question. 
I think the answer lies primarily in the fact that WoW gold is extremely difficult to exchange. To begin with, you need an account in game in order to hold WoW gold (the account essentially works as a bank account for storing WoW gold) which costs a subscription fee. Then once you have an account, while selling fiat money for WoW gold is relatively easy, and actually sanctioned by the game itself, the game limits the amount that can be sold per week to 200 euros/dollars, so to go beyond that amount one would have to use the gray market. 
Furthermore, it is impossible to buy fiat money using WoW gold except through gray market sites because selling WoW gold is against the games ToS and results in having your account banned. To sell the gold for euros, for instance, you would have to find a buyer for the gold and perform the transaction at once through the banking system and then separately through in-game exchange with the interested party. Since none of this is sanctioned and requires trying to avoid detection from both parties, a tremendous amount of trust is required, meaning potential buyers of gold would likely be disinclined from transacting with parties who lack an established reputation. If a grocery store wanted to sell their WoW gold, they would have to develop a reputation on gray market sites first which isn't an easy task. 
Finally, since the transaction of WoW gold can only occur in-game, it would be exceptionally difficult to make a quick trade at the grocery store counter. Both the customer and the clerk would have to load WoW onto their computers, login to their accounts, and then communicate and transact in game. If their players weren't on the same server, they would have even more headache. 
All of this is to say, unless the grocery store was owned by a WoW addict who desperately wanted more WoW gold, the headache and financial costs of selling their gold for fiat would far outweigh any benefit that could be gained by accepting WoW gold as a form of payment. 
@_date: 2016-12-18 18:01:44
Coinbase's business model lies in the intersection between bitcoin and fiat. This means that they are just as responsible to the fiat world as they are to the bitcoin world. Their business depends on the two "getting along," as it were. But the only way for them to truly get along is for bitcoin to transform itself into something non-threatening to fiat. This means, at the minimum, bitcoin must be compliant and traceable. Coinbase's success is correlated with the degree to which Bitcoin becomes fiat-like. If Coinbase goes down, it is probably safe to say that Bitcoin is refusing to comply.  
Bitcoin is meant to be about financial independence and freedom. With Coinbase, however, you get the exact opposite: all of your transactions are monitored and your account is banned if you use your own money in ways they don't agree with. This includes money that you aren't storing with Coinbase, but have moved to your own wallet. Imagine if a bank monitored what you did with your cash withdrawals. Coinbase has managed to not only make bitcoin like fiat, but actually *worse* than fiat. With fiat you can at least withdrawal cash and use your money privately, you can't even do that with bitcoin purchased through Coinbase. The reason Coinbase must adopt these 1984-like policies is because it is desperately trying to prove to fiat that it has nothing to fear in bitcoin.
When we hear about fiat banks doing stuff like this, it is so outrageous that we turn to alternatives like bitcoin. But for many new bitcoin users, they discover -- precisely because they are using Coinbase -- that bitcoin seems even less free and more intrusive than fiat currency! Even if these users are able to recognize that Coinbase is not bitcoin, the taste of that experience tarnishes the reputation of the ecosystem as they relay to their friends their experiences. 
And while Coinbase violates those users who are seeking financial freedom, it encourages another type of user, the lazy user. This user, not trusting their own technical skills and already familiar with online banking, just prefers to treat bitcoin like fiat money. They leave it in Coinbase and they use the Coinbase wallet when they want to use bitcoin. 
This violates the basic principle that bitcoin gives you direct control over your digital assets without having to go through a third party. The larger the community of lazy users becomes, the more this could threaten the entire thing, as the majority of bitcoins will be held through third party "banks" like Coinbase. At that point, these "banks" will be able to offer its users off-chain transactions that bypass onchain fees, and once a single bank, or a consortium of banks, have sufficient control of the off-chain network, they will be able to fractional reserve and offer bitcoin credit. Since most users will be used to keeping their money in these banks like Coinbase, they won't know the difference between actual bitcoin and bitcoin credit. At some point, it is conceivable that the base currency and the blockchain wouldn't even really be necessary anymore and we could get rid of it just like fiat got rid of gold. 
The point is, Coinbase operates like a traditional bank, and it causes its users to relate to bitcoin like fiat money. The more powerful Coinbase -- and companies like Coinbase -- become, the more realistic the possibility that they make Bitcoin in their own image. 
Whether we want to attribute conscious ill-intent to companies like Coinbase -- there's no secret they have been vocal about the direction they think Bitcoin should go in -- is really beside the point. The point is that the business model of companies like Coinbase is always pressuring Bitcoin to become fiat-lite because their whole business model revolves around the intersection between bitcoin and fiat. Whether it be in convincing the community to embrace KYC/AML laws, or offering to store your bitcoin in wallets they control, or spying on your use of bitcoin, the bottom line is that a world in which Coinbase succeeds is a one in which Bitcoin becomes like fiat. 
Don't worry, Bitcoin banking will come. Bitcoin credit will come. But these things need to be innovated out of the world of decentralized cryptocurrency and blockchain tech, not superimposed on it from the vision-less bowels of the old world.
@_date: 2016-12-21 15:58:55
I don't know what you mean by "a coffee money." The reality is that with layer-2 solutions like LN you will be able to buy a latte with bitcoin for next to no fees and instantly. 
@_date: 2016-12-21 18:15:53
People who think Bitcoin lacks "intrinsic value" naturally assume that transaction fees are an arbitrary restriction. But once you recognize that Bitcoin's intrinsic value is the blockchain, you can see that fees represents the actual economic price of block inclusion, they aren't arbitrary. It can be argued that the block size is an arbitrary number, but it isn't, as there are various technical restrictions on the block size involving hardware, data usage, and network fragility. Perhaps we could say that the current set number does not most accurately represent what the block size limit *should* be, but it cannot be denied that there is a real limit, that block size is a scarce resource, and therefore that transaction fees are real economic events. 
The intrinsic value of gold derives from its non-monetary uses, for example its use in the creation of jewelry and in ornamentation. As long as it has utility, and as long as it is scarce, it possesses "intrinsic value." Now, the actual price of gold is based on supply and demand. If it is used as money, or horded speculatively, then the cost of jewelry will also rise. The cost would also rise if not enough mining was being done to keep up with demand.  "Intrinsic value" does not indicate the real price of gold if it were only valued for its utility alone; it represents only the portion of the total price of gold that derives from its non-monetary uses. 
With Bitcoin, the intrinsic value is primarily the blockchain. The price of inclusion in the blockchain is known as transaction fees. Transactions and inclusion in the blockchain, in other words, represent the intrinsic value of Bitcoin. The price of these fees rises the more the demand for block inclusion rises, exactly the same way the cost of jewelry rises the greater the demand for gold rises.
You can lower the price of jewelry by mining more gold. You can lower the price of bitcoin transactions by scaling the network. It is the same principal.
Transactions represent the primary intrinsic value of Bitcoin, transactions comprise very little of the intrinsic value of gold. So your analogy, to me, makes about as much sense as asking what would happen to the price of bitcoin if people started making jewelry out of it. 
 
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:11:53
But in some cases, like Greece for example, that was actually more true if you stored your money in banks. Storing and securing your own money may not be for everyone, particularly people in countries where the banking system has been reliable. But having the *option* not to store your money in a bank, while still being able to use it for electronic payments, is a radical thing. 
@_date: 2019-10-22 16:49:13
I agree that "fractional reserve" banking is closer to reality than the idea that banks simply lend deposits. However, fractional reserve banking is also a bit of a myth.
Technically reserve requirements exists, but they don't actually do much. *The only real limit to how much banks can print money to lend is how much borrowers are willing to borrow.* And because of this, I think the fractional reserve narrative is misleading because it implies that there is some artificial constraint, when in reality there isn't.
Fractional reserve lending represented a real constraint back in the days of the gold standard, which is why people still believe it is relevant today. In those days, if banks wanted to lend beyond the reserve requirement they needed to get more gold. And since gold can't be printed out of thin air, they had to take measures such as lowering interest rates in order to entice more people to deposit gold.
But today, central bank reserves have replaced gold. When a commercial bank desires to lend beyond the reserve requirement, they don't need to get more deposits, all they need to do is take a loan from the central bank or from other commercial banks in order to increase their reserves. And because they can use the collateral of the initial borrower's debt in order to get that loan from the Fed or other commercial banks, they can always borrow whenever they issue a new loan. Because the central bank can print money, it can always lend more to the commercial banks, and therefore the commercial banks can always lend more to the public. 
Remember, a deposit is a loan from the public to the bank. So there really is not much of a difference between borrowing from the public and borrowing from the Fed or repo markets. In effect, the current system is such that banks can always increase the amount of reserves they have in order to lend more. They are incentivized to seek deposits, rather than rely on the central bank, because of the superior interest rate they can get, but ultimately reserve ratio requirements don't limit how much they can lend.
So while technically fractional reserve exists, it has no real meaningful impact on the amount of lending and money creation that can occur, which is why it is frustrating how much people still refer to it.
@_date: 2018-06-15 18:43:55
This article is worth reading.
So apparently Tether is essentially Bitfinex credit. When you hold Tether, you are holding an IOU from Bitfinex. A way of thinking of it is that for every tether in existence, Bitfinex owes one dollar, and they owe those dollars not to a bank or lender, but to the holders of tether. This is what makes the story interesting: the fact that Bitfinex could borrow in this way while completely bypassing the traditional financial system.
So, even if Bitfinex printed a bunch of Tether and bought bitcoin with it, the effect is no different than if a lot of retail investors or traders borrowed money or mortgaged their homes to buy bitcoin. In both cases, money is being borrowed to invest with.
Minsky argued that this kind of borrowing tended to underlie and cause most speculative bubbles. If a bunch of people borrow money to buy bitcoin with, when the prices begin to fall such investors can't afford to hodl because they owe money and they risk not being able to repay their debts. If Bitfinex printed more Tether than they have USD, when the price of bitcoin starts falling they have to sell their bitcoin to make sure they can back the Tether in circulation before its too late.
Some people feel that a scandal like the Tether situation would mean that prices of bitcoin were never real. But we know they weren't real, which is why the market crashed. It was a speculative bubble, and whether it was Bitfinex who was borrowing to speculate with, or lots of other people, it really doesn't make a difference. The only thing that makes Bitfinex stand out, is that they were able to borrow using crypto rather than the traditional financial system, and that is what makes the story sexy.
@_date: 2019-08-01 18:17:05
The problem is that governments are generally as, if not more, stupid than the masses. When you look at all of the countries throughout history that were heavily centrally planned, they all generally ended in disaster. By contrast, the countries that have thrived tended to be those in which the citizenry had ample amounts of individual freedoms, and the choices of the individual, in aggregate, resulted in far more efficient, productive, and creative economies. The more power is decentralized, the more society prospers, and history testifies to this. The more power is centralized, the more society tends to stagnate and corrupt.
There is this myth that many people seem to hold that government bureaucrats are like Plato's philosopher kings, enlightened and benevolent elites capable of wisely directing the ignorant masses. But the reality is that the motives of people in government are rarely enlightened, governments are almost always rife with conflict between opposing ideologies, lusts for power and advancement, and corruption resulting from the disproportionate amount of power the government has.
If you give government the power to decide which markets thrive and which ones fail, it is inevitable that that will result in profound corruption and the use of government to manipulate markets to make politicians friends and associates rich. People suppose that representation and democracy are enough to offset these corrupting influences, but politics itself inevitably becomes corrupt, money buys elections, and the masses rarely understand what they are even voting for.
And all of that isn't even addressing the fact that bureaucrats rarely understand the interconnected implications of their policy decisions.
You say perhaps the government should tax polluting, and maybe that is correct. But once the government has the power to make those types of decisions, it becomes just as likely that it will use that power to kill clean energy, to subsidize dirty energies, and for politicians to line their pockets and let future generations deal with the fallout.
@_date: 2017-01-04 15:11:15
You don't really have to be any more tech savvy to backup a bitcoin wallet with a 12 word passphrase than you need to be to open upon an online account, know how to provide a sufficiently complicated password, know how to enable two-factor authentication, figure out how to connect to your banks account, and know how to provide all of the digital uploads required for KYC. 
The *only* difference is that peopled are already used to online banking, therefore it seems more straight forward them, whereas they aren't familiar with the basic logic behind cryptography and the tech behind Bitcoin, so it feels daunting, even though it isn't. If anything, the amount of technical knowledge required for bitcoin is less than online banking, it's just not familiar. 
If we encourage bad behavior when the obstacles to using bitcoin responsibly are small, we not only to a disfavor to individuals and the community, but we fundamentally weaken one of bitcoin's primary value propositions (direct control over your money) and therefore hurt all of our investments. 
If you had said this three years ago, when losing a wallet.dat file could cause you to lose everything, or when paper backups required backing up individual keys, or when hardware wallets didn't exist and you had to learn to use programs like Armory to sign transactions offline, I would have agreed with you. But those days are over. 
@_date: 2018-06-15 16:56:28
The SEC announcement/news is significant because it legitimizes the larger crypto/blockchain space *by emphasizing decentralization*, the shining accomplishment of Bitcoin.
Many Bitcoin maximalists were actually hoping for a different result because they feared, in part, that failure to do so would continue us down this trend of de-emphasizing decentralization. If the SEC cracked down hard on Ethereum, everyone would recognize the importance of Bitcoin's heavy emphasis on security and decentralization. But the SEC delivered something far better: *a call to encourage decentralization while not threatening competition*.
Ethereum is decentralized. It just isn't as decentralized as Bitcoin. And so while maximalists are so focused on the glass being half empty and the fact that Ethereum is a step away from Bitcoin's decentralization, the rest of the world is focused on the glass being half full and is stunned by this entire phenomena. The tiger may see the panther as a wimp, to everyone else they are both fearsome.
And because Ethereum is so heavily decentralized, the fact that that is what the SEC pointed to as the basis for its legal status completely obliterates the idea that other crypto projects must move away from decentralization in order to achieve "compliance" and encourages the entire space to return to fundamentals.
It is going to be the decentralized projects that survive this revolution, it is going to be the centralized ones that die. And in this realization, the most important thing in crypto becomes what happens to be Bitcoin's greatest strength.
@_date: 2016-12-07 23:43:47


That's an excellent point. In many regards, this is where the fiat system wants to go, and in some regards it is how it already works, albeit imperfectly. If fiat can eliminate cash, then it can quickly create a system in which digital money transacts faster and cheaper than any other existing system. The current system is held back by all sorts of legacy systems that were primarily concerned with a money system whose base currency was physical. But if you can get rid of paper money, then many of those systems become redundant and the entire thing can become streamlined into something somewhat like WoW. This is already happening.
So this is one reason I am not personally obsessed over the transaction speed or fees of cryptocurrency, because fiat will, eventually, be able to perform better on both fronts. The advantages of crypto were never that it was faster than digital fiat, nor intrinsically cheaper. It's not. So why prioritize those aspects of cryptocurrency which aren't really intrinsically real advantages over fiat? Right now crypto may be cheaper to transact over fiat, but that is simply because fiat has not fully upgraded to a purely digital system. Once it does, it can be cheaper and faster than crypto exactly for the reason you gave: by virtue of being centralized. 
The advantages of crypto lie in those areas that a centralized fiat simply can not compete, even theoretically. The most obvious of which lies in the fact that crypto is decentralized. Fiat, by definition, will never be able to achieve that for itself. Fiat is hierarchical money under centralized control. So, from my point of view, decentralization is central to bitcoin's long term success in that it offers something that can't be replicated by any other money system. 
As far as house values being hard to evaluate: that's still really true of any asset. After all, the concern of any potential investor is always whether the chosen asset will go up or down in value, or stay the same. Investors in the US dollar share this exact same concern with the home buyer. They don't know if tomorrow the value of the dollar will crash, and if it does crash that means, by definition, that they bought the dollar when it was overvalued. This becomes even more true when we are talking about less stable currencies. No one ever truly knows if they are buying something when it is overvalued or not. Some people may have more reason or knowledge to believe they are buying at a good price than others, but ultimately a financial advisor and a taxi driver are the same in that they both lack a crystal ball. Is a $750 bitcoin worth its price? How can anyone truly know that? 
With regard to houses being easier to expropriate. That is certainly true of something like bitcoin or gold in some regards, but it is hardly true of fiat currency, which it seems to me is increasingly vulnerable to government seizure. In many jurisdiction the government can confiscate your cash if you are holding over a defined amount, and we have certainly seen many cases where people thought they had money in the bank only to be told that that was no longer the case (e.g., in Greece). In places like Greece, it seems to me, houses were a lot safer than money in the bank. 
@_date: 2016-12-22 11:06:36


I generally assume that everyone, big and small blockers alike, acknowledge that scarcity of the space in blocks is unavoidable fact.
The scarcity "arising out the unalterable issuance of the 'coin'" is what makes it money, not what makes it analogous to gold. All money requires scarcity in order to possess value. But a digital number does not become "gold" -- which is a *real resource with real utility* beyond its use as money -- simply because it is scarce. 
If one is going to liken Bitcoin to gold, one must explain what they mean by that, and specifically how their meaning is different from simply saying "bitcoin is money." 
@_date: 2016-12-30 16:16:30
Exactly. Krugman has repeatedly said that he "gets" that the technology is innovative, but that ultimately it's irrelevant to the currency. In other words, Krugman assumes that how you create a functional digital currency doesn't matter -- after all, we don't need to know how the printing press works in order to explain why dollars have value -- what matters is how the token derives value, and since it isn't issued by a government or backed by a physical commodity like gold, he assumes there is nothing there. 
But the technology making up Bitcoin is the economic commodity, so ignoring it is like ignoring that a gold coin is made out of gold. We can say a cryptocurrency is "four things rolled into one cohesive system," as you said, or we can try to conceptually separate its parts in order to put it in more of a traditional economic frame, but the basic principle is that the technology possesses (emergent) intrinsic value that can't be separated from one's understanding of the token.  
@_date: 2016-12-15 20:41:15
But I think the problem in this case is not lending per se, but the fact that the lending is going to people who are using it to gamble with, rather than to improve the economy. The problem I am trying to address with interest rates, is that we assume that lower interest rates increases borrowing which increases investment in productive enterprise. Too low interest rates, it is presumed, are dangerous only because they can cause too much growth and eventually inflation. But what you hear less about is the idea of mal-investment. The idea is that cheap lending practices can encourage people to borrow simply for the purpose of speculating. If someone is willing to give you a shit ton of money at no interest as long as you pay it back to them at your leisure, and simultaneously the stock market has been doing absolutely nothing but going straight up year after year, it will occur to you to borrow this money and put it in stocks. When you realize everyone around you is doing just that, it suddenly becomes obvious that the stock market can't do anything but go up as long as this continues. 
When large numbers start borrowing in order to speculate, it creates a bubble effect as the speculators all pour money in. As the price refuses to go anywhere but up, more and more speculation is encouraged. The critical point, however, is that the price rise isn't being fueled by actual economic activity, nor even by actually money in the economy, it isn't coming out of the speculators' own pockets, it is coming out of newly created money by banks, money which is then given to speculators who are using it in turn solely for the purpose of pumping this bubble. The bubble has no limit as long as the banks continue to create new money to feed it with. Wall Street doesn't raise the alarm because they are making too much money, and the Fed doesn't raise the alarm because inflation is no where to be seen. But the reason it isn't seen is because the money is going into propping up asset prices rather than into endeavors that create jobs. One could argue that we *do* see inflation, it is just the inflation of the stock market. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 00:39:35
The loans are being constantly called in, whenever someone returns tether to Bitfinex, Bitfinex removes the tether from circulation and credits the person's Bitfinex account with the corresponding value in USD. Every time that happens, the loans are being called in, so to speak.
Now, as long as they can continue to do this, as long as they continue to give people their dollars in exchange for tether, everything is fine. But what happens if one day Bitfinex isn't able to pay people for their tether? Perhaps a fright causes a run on the bank, so to speak. This would amount to the same thing as defaulting on a loan, Bitfinex could collapse, and tether could become valueless.
So just because Bitfinex is doing the printing doesn't mean they can print without risk, anymore than they could borrow from a bank without risk.
That is to say, they can print without risk as long as the tether they print is backed by dollars in the bank. But if it isn't, that amounts to the same thing as borrowing and comes with risk. The risk increases the more money they print that isn't backed (just like the risk on a loan increases the more money you borrow relative to your net worth/income). 
@_date: 2016-12-30 17:13:52
You are basically arguing for one reason why bitcoin isn't ready for mainstream adoption. But no one is making the case that it is. 
There are many reasons bitcoin is not ready for mainstream adoption. For one, the network quite literally couldn't handle it, anymore than the internet could have handled HD streaming in 1997. Volatility is probably one of the least of bitcoin's problems. After all, the larger bitcoin grows in value and the more liquid the market becomes, the more stable the currency becomes. Compared to the volatility in 2013, today's volatility seems minor. By the time mainstream adoption occurs, the currency will be extremely stable. So volatility is literally not an issue as it will naturally correct itself in concert with adoption. 
We can't superimpose today's bitcoin onto a world that has entirely adopted it, because by the time the world has done so, it will look quite evolved from where it is today. If anything, bitcoin's current volatility is an asset, not a liability, as it attracts traders and speculators who help give the market liquidity, and investors who see tremendous upside potential; investors, who, in turn, strengthen the currency's reputation as a digital asset and the security of the blockchain and Bitcoin's underlying value proposition by increasing the profitability of mining.
Bitcoin will be ready for mainstream adoption when it is obvious that it is. We have a long way to go before that, which is good news if you are an investor, because it means the upside potential is great. 
@_date: 2016-12-28 03:58:59
It depends. The march toward consumer adoption could come at the expense of bitcoin's underlying value proposition. Raising the block size too quickly in the hope that lower transaction fees will entice more consumers, for example, could compromise Bitcoin's security and decentralization which, in turn, would decrease the demand for bitcoin as a digital financial asset. 
@_date: 2018-06-10 18:09:07
"We need to show people?" We? I'm guessing you've been involved in Bitcoin for a couple weeks? Months maybe? Lurking time doesn't count.
Nevertheless, I agree that we need to go beyond just "digital gold," but I think anyone who is stuck thinking strictly inside the box, wedded to 20th century economics and the inertia of "what normal people think," is probably even less helpful to crypto than those who are stuck on digital gold. At least digital gold is a radical idea. Without radical ideas, at the very least supplementing existing paradigms, the old has no way of making sense of what is happening. This is the real basis for their laughter.
The economics profession as is needs to evolve, and like with so many areas of change the old guard will resist such evolution, insisting everyone else is stupid, while the new will be laughed at until they form the basis for a future status quo.
@_date: 2016-12-13 05:55:31


A lot of these calculations are likely based on a quantity theory of money. The idea being that the value of money comes solely from supply and demand alone, and therefore if the demand remains the same, inflation will correspond with the increase in supply. 
I suspect this theory may be incomplete. One needs to also consider the initial price newly issued currency is valued at. If the issuer of the currency suspects the value of the currency is below market price, then by setting a price lower than the market they encourage the market to adjust downward, also causing inflation. When central banks create new money they do so at essentially zero cost. However, they sell that newly created currency at around its market value in part to prevent the currency from losing its value.
Now correct me if I'm wrong -- and if I am, you can ignore the rest of this post -- but my understanding is that under PoS new ether will be created at, essentially, zero costs. If the cost of acquiring new ether is zero, then selling those ether at any price still nets a profit. Unlike with central banks whose main concern is with maintaining the value of their currency, ether PoS miners will have no compunction about selling at slightly below market value if it means they can quickly unload their coins, particularly if they suspect unloading quickly will net them more profit than selling slowly. This could potentially place tremendous downward pressure on the price as miners compete to unload their coins quickly. As the price slips, the pressure to unload more quickly than your competitors before further price erosion accelerates, creating a vicious cycle. Since as long as the coins can be sold the miners gain profit, regardless of the price, getting rid of the coins becomes more of a priority than the actual price at which they are actually gotten rid of.   
By contrast, with bitcoin the cost of newly created currency lies in mining hardware and electricity bills. Miners are forced to sell at prices above their costs if they wish to net a profit, and may be inclined to hold onto their coins if a downturn in the market threatens those profits, putting pressure on the market to at least match the costs of coinage. If the price drops too much, miners withhold their coins, limiting supply and pressuring the price upward. If the price exceeds their costs dramatically, the scenario I outline with Ethereum occurs, putting downward pressure on the price until it reaches stability, which is to say the downward pressure occurs until the minimum level of acceptable profit margin occurs. 
Put simply, in both a proof-of-work and proof-of-stake system, the selling pattern of miners will have a tendency to pressure the market toward the costs of producing new currency. In a PoW system, these costs will generally revolve around the current market value of the currency, whereas in a PoS system, these costs are always near zero. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 03:22:22
Price manipulation is a bit like trying to light a forest fire with a match. The match---which is generally a huge amount of money thrown at the market---can only do so much; but timed just right and applied in just the right way, it can cause a chain reaction of FOMO or FUD that spreads like wildfire.
Ultimately, however, the conditions in the forest have to be ripe for a match to start a chain reaction. If the forest is wet and the weather has not been dry, no amount of matches will make a difference. So ultimately, it is the conditions---like a drought---that are responsible for the fire, even while we have a tendency to blame the person who lit the match. 
In other words, every market bubble is the result of the right conditions, and every bubble will have someone or something that people will later blame for price manipulation. This is true on the way up and true on the way down. 
@_date: 2016-12-28 05:48:08
Finally, we have genuine *physical* bitcoins. This is fantastic, if for no other reason than as proof of concept suggesting how bitcoin will eventually be used not just as digital cash, but as physical cash too. I suspect many people -- particularly those prioritizing privacy -- will find an immediate use for these today, but they also suggest a larger world of tomorrow.  
Ultimately, if bitcoin is going to be used as physical cash, credit sticks will need to have standard denominations -- e.g., 0.1 btc, 0.05 btc, 0.01 btc, etc -- written on the sticks themselves. The sticks would then get sold with the bitcoin already "inside." Then sticks could easily be traded, and change could easily be offered during a transaction. 
We are a long way from a world where most people adopt bitcoin, never mind physical bitcoin, but the idea that bitcoin will be traded offline as easily as online gives one a better sense of how plausible it is as a global currency.  
Edit: An additional point I want to make. These also help convey to the wider public exactly how bitcoin has objective-like existence, and how it fundamentally differs from digital money dependent on third-party servers. 
@_date: 2016-12-20 13:34:54
These are *excellent* points. Especially when you consider that the blockchain is global and recognizes no borders. Can you imagine how elegant it all would become?
Things like you mention will continue to give Bitcoin what I call *emergent intrinsic value*. The idea being that because the blockchain allows for so much more than just simple bitcoin transactions, bitcoin will possess value beyond its use as money alone, to whatever extent the blockchain is used in these other capacities. The concept of "intrinsic value," when speaking about money, is the idea that a particular commodity being used as money still possesses value even if it should cease to be used as money. The money thereby becomes "backed" by its intrinsic value. For Bitcoin, this becomes the case overtime, depending on the extent to which the blockchain is used for things beyond simple monetary transactions. It's intrinsic value emerges. 
The idea of bitcoin as "digital gold" is really the idea that bitcoin possesses intrinsic value. The concept is meant to separate those who see bitcoin this way from those who view it more as a new kind of fiat money (i.e., money that lacks intrinsic value), where its value comes solely from the network effect. It's also meant to draw attention to the intrinsic utility of the blockchain, and make people aware that bitcoins are not simply arbitrary digital tokens like World of Warcraft gold -- a view that leads many to declare it to be a Ponzi. 
But even if you accept that there is more to Bitcoin's value than simply the network effect, that Bitcoin is more than just money, you still *must* recognize that the blockchain's value is emergent dependent on utility and use. If one day society depends upon it so thoroughly that it becomes hard to imagine how we got by before it -- if one day the blockchain becomes as fundamental as the internet itself -- then it will become just intuitively self-evident that bitcoins possess intrinsic value. But we won't get there without the network effect inspiring the use of the blockchain. 
You can't really be a "digital gold" guy and not believe in the importance of on-chain transactions, not really. (The irony is that, on the other hand, you probably can discount the importance of on-chain transactions if your main concern is with creating a super efficient payment network.)
 
@_date: 2019-10-21 17:33:29
In the fiat monetary system, the reality is that every dollar printed must be sold for debt, which drives up the demand for debt, resulting in the creation of more and more debt. *But the more debt there is in circulation, the more demand this creates for currency in order to repay those debts.* It is a vicious cycle. The demand for debt and the demand for dollars rise in tandem.
People imagine that more dollars printed is inflationary because they don't understand the mechanics of fiat money. They imagine more units of currency dilutes the value of the existing pool of money. But since every unit of currency printed comes with a corresponding unit of currency worth of debt, plus interest, the demand for currency always increases in lockstep with the increase of money printing.
Saying that central banks are printing money means that central banks are buying debt. Just as if central banks were buying bitcoin, this massive increase in demand drives up the value of debt and lowers interest rates. This high demand for debt, and the cheap cost of taking out loans, encourages the creation of more debt (just like a high demand for gold ramps up mining production).
In becoming massive buyers of debt, the central banks drain the amount of high quality debt out of the system. High quality debt is the root safe haven asset in the global economy and the primary instrument for collateral in the repo markets. The only way to replace this loss of high quality debt is for governments to dramatically ramp up their spending (i.e., borrow more money). And while this has been happening, it doesn't happen fast enough to keep the debt markets liquid in the face of so much demand from the central banks. Consequently, the need to supplement the scarcity of government debt, particularly in the repo markets, drives up demand for private sector debt for use as collateral.
The skyrocketing demand for private sector debt encourages private companies to issue massive amounts of debt, far beyond what they actually need. The excess liquidity hitting these companies encourages them to engage in stock buybacks which drives up the value of their companies. (It is a bit of a, "well, everyone is doing it, so we better ride this train" situation.)
When private sector companies take loans, this this is another way of saying that the commercial banks print more money to purchase those debts. So the increase in borrowing from the corporate sector translates into an ever increasing amount of debt and currency. The massive increase in money printing, from central banks and commercial banks, translates into a massive increase in debt production, and this, in turn, translates into a massive increase in the demand for **more** money to repay the existing debts.
Every dollar created is matched with a dollar of debt + interest. As long as interest rates are positive, there is always more debt in the system than there are dollars to repay those debts. Therefore, an increase in debt simply translates into an increase in the amount of dollars required to repay those debts, and printing more money only creates more debt, meaning that even more money is required to repay all the existing debt. The more money that is required to repay loans, the more demand there is for money, so no inflation. It isn't possible to get out of this cycle without massive defaults--- which if not bailed out would turn into inflation---or negative interest rates which would reverse the equation to allow the amount of dollars in the system to catch up with the amount of debt and, again, turns into inflation.
@_date: 2016-12-30 04:20:21
In my opinion, bitcoin, the token, is a currency/money. Bitcoin, the network, on the other hand, is a commodity. 
Put differently, the blockchain is a commodity, both in being a decentralized, censorship resistant payment network, and in being a global immutable ledger. These things didn't exist before, and now that they do there is demand for this resource. Note that private blockchains aren't really competitors with Bitcoin's blockchain, because by being centrally controlled they don't possess one of Bitcoin's blockchain's key value propositions, namely, in being censorship resistant and independent from any third party power that could potentially undo or block your transactions. 
Because the blockchain is limited in size and the amount of data it can handle, users have to compete to have their data included in it. This gives value to being included in blocks -- a scarce resource which people compete over to acquire -- and we call this value "transaction fees." A transaction is simply having your data included in a block, the fee associated with a transaction represents the current average price for block inclusion. 
In order to pay for block inclusion, one must use the native token known as bitcoin. This gives bitcoin, the token, an intrinsic value related to the value of the blockchain. Just as the base value of fiat currency derives from the fact that you need to have your country's native currency in order to pay taxes, bitcoins have base value because you need to have bitcoins in order to pay for using the blockchain. So bitcoin satisfies Mises' Regression Theorem. 
Bitcoin, the token, on the other hand, is a money. It represents the base currency of the Bitcoin monetary system, and transactions on the blockchain with this currency represent settlement of accounts. The more people use this currency -- and that includes using the money as a store of value or as a speculative instrument -- the more the demand for the token, the greater the price of bitcoin. 
As the price increases, the amount of money that can be made mining bitcoins increases. As the potential profit of mining increases, more hashing power comes onto the network increasing the blockchain's overall security, making the network far more secure than competing cryptocurrencies that have substantially smaller market caps. As the security of the blockchain increases, its value proposition as an immutable ledger and censorship resistant record of accounts also increases, increasing the base value of the commodity. As further innovation allows the overall network to be used for more things beyond just transactions of the base currency -- and this includes layers built on top of Bitcoin -- the demand for the base commodity increases ever more.
So, to state my opinion again: bitcoin (lowercase 'b') is a money. Bitcoin (uppercase 'B') is a commodity. 
 
@_date: 2016-12-29 19:25:47
We are a long way before people will accept the idea that they can secure their own money as effectively as a bank, particularly in 1st world countries where banking has a history of being reliable, the money is insured by the government, and the currency is relatively stable. 
This is less the case in countries, like Greece and Cyprus, where having money in the bank actually resulted in losing that money. The further you progress into less privileged societies, the less compelling this idea that relying on third parties to secure you money becomes.   
But even in 1st world countries, if it eventually becomes recognized, over time, that this technology makes it possible to store and secure your funds as securely as a bank, perhaps even more securely than a bank, then ever increasing numbers of people will choose to do so, and banks will have no choice but to, once again, incentivize people to keep their money with them. Today, people simply don't understand or believe they can secure their own money as reliably as a bank. This skepticism is compounded by the fact that the only way to do so is to either use cash, which governments are cracking down on and confiscating if they find it in too large amounts, or bitcoin, which is far too new and volatile for most people to trust. But over time this will change. 
We must also consider that there was a reason banks used to offer interest on bank deposits, it wasn't simply to offer better prices than their competitors. They had to incentivize people to use banks, and the promise of security simply wasn't enough, particularly because there was always the risk of bank runs and banks failing to return your money. There is a natural desire to have direct access to your own money. 
Today, people are forced to use banks in order to make electronic transactions. Additionally, there are no reliable ways of storing your money outside of banks apart from cash, which governments are making illegal in large amounts, and bitcoin, which people do not trust. So people actually have no choice but to use banks. Consequently, banks no longer need to incentivize depositors with interest payments. Security, today, is only a secondary reason for using a bank, the primary reason is that you have no choice. Besides, for many people, the increased security the bank is offering is negated by the fact that one is now much more exposed to the possibility of the government confiscating your money, or of the bank doing the same, as we saw in countries like Greece. 
All of this is just to say that while I acknowledge that it will be some time before bitcoin is widely adopted, the hesitation to adopt will not be because people want the current system. 
@_date: 2019-08-08 05:36:25


People often forget that around 98.6% of all US dollars is used for speculation, only slightly more than 1% is actually used in commerce.
@_date: 2019-10-18 14:33:10
He's right. So many people you meet don't even realize bitcoin is divisible. It's embarrassing.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:31:15


"Satoshi's vision," is a very religious idea, and referring to past quotes from Satoshi for future guidance feels a lot like selecting passages from the Bible to fit a political agenda. Religion tends to frustrate technological progress, not promote it, and one reason big blockers often scare me is because many express this anti-progress attitude of the religious thinker, as if the Bitcoin of 2013 is all the world will ever need. And things Satoshi wrote seven years ago are no guarantee of what he would say today. 
Having said that, their assertion is actually based on more than just the post you linked to. For example, [in July of 2010 Satoshi wrote](


[He also wrote](




[And back as early as 2008 he wrote in an email](


double spending, which only requires having the chain of block headers, or 
about 12KB per day.  Only people trying to create new coins would need to run network nodes.  **At first, most users would run network nodes, but as the 
network grows beyond a certain point, it would be left more and more to 
specialists with server farms** of specialized hardware.  A server farm would 
only need to have one node on the network and the rest of the LAN connects with that one node.


would be about 400 bytes (ECC is nicely compact).  Each transaction has to be broadcast twice, so lets say 1KB per transaction.  Visa processed 37 billion 
transactions in FY2008, or an average of 100 million transactions per day.  
That many transactions would take 100GB of bandwidth, or the size of 12 DVD or 2 HD quality movies, or about $18 worth of bandwidth at current prices.


sending 2 HD movies over the Internet would probably not seem like a big deal.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:39:47
We've reached capitulation. 
@_date: 2019-08-01 18:32:00
If a country's currency were backed by their military, then any country could print as much money as they wanted to build the world's largest military because the larger the military got, the more valuable their currency would get, and the more valuable their currency got, the larger a military they could buy. It would be, in effect, a virtuous cycle in which any country could build the world's largest military, and simultaneously the world's most valuable currency, out of nothing.
It doesn't work that way.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:48:31


Every time I've thrown a ball up, it comes down. But since, as you say, past doesn't reflect the future, maybe the next time it will just keep going up . . .  
@_date: 2016-12-04 07:16:47
It isn't that store of value is the primary function of money, after all there are many things that store value more effectively than money (e.g., houses). It is that in order for money to function in its primary capacity, which is to provide the market with liquidity, it must also store value, otherwise no one would want to hold it and therefore accept it as a medium of exchange. 
Money gets its value from the market within which it is used as a medium of exchange. The currencies of powerful nations are worth more than the currencies of poor nations not because one currency possesses more intrinsic value than the other, but because there is a greater demand for the goods and services of powerful nations than there is for the goods and services of poor ones. 
The reason World of Warcraft gold does not have much value is because one can only use WoW gold to purchase items within the game. The market for that currency is limited to a video game, albeit a relatively popular one. Since the items within the game do not have much value to anyone beyond the game's player base, WoW gold does not have much overall value as it serves a very small market. But within the game, WoW gold functions perfectly well as money. It IS money, in fact. It has an exchange rate and you can use USD to purchase WoW gold or sell WoW gold to purchase USD. So just because it doesn't have much value in the "real world," and just because you can't offer your local grocery store clerk WoW gold in exchange for a carton of milk, that doesn't mean it isn't money (as the author of this article seems to imply). That would be like arguing that the GBP isn't money because you can't use it to buy stuff in the United States. 
The market for WoW gold is a video game. The market for the Rupee is India. These markets are hierarchical systems with "rulers" at the top who can set the rules and laws of their respective systems, mandating the use of their currencies thereby giving them value. The value of those currencies comes not from anything intrinsic, but from their use as a medium of exchange. 
But in the case of Bitcoin, the market is global. The world, having no single leader who can mandate its use, is a market that cannot provide the currency with immediate value right out of the gate. Most people are used to getting their assurance about the value of a currency from the government, the idea that a currency could hold value without this assurance is so foreign to them that simple advantages of utility will not give them the confidence required. This is why store of value is so critical to its long term success. In closed systems where the use of currency is mandated, the currencies of these systems do not need to establish a reputation for storing value because they immediately store value by virtue of being at once universally accepted in exchange for goods within their respective markets once mandated. But for a global currency, whose value cannot be immediately established in this way, its reputation as a store of value must be gained over time. The longer bitcoin survives and continues to impress as an investment, the more people's reluctance to take it seriously erodes. 
It's ability as a store of value is certainly, in part, achieved from increased use. The broader the market bitcoin can be used within, the more its value becomes assured. But it must become apparent, over time to increasing numbers, that a digital asset can store value without mandate. This trust is essential before people will be willing to hold it and thus accept it as a medium of exchange. It is that "Ah Ha" moment that captures all people who become interested in bitcoin. Showing people how easy it is to use doesn't do it, it is the realization that this is money that is the key factor. Once they realize it is money, whether the confirmation time is fast or slow can't undo that. 
Critical to this trust, to this recognition that bitcoin is money, is the perception that the currency is beyond any one institution's power. The trust in fiat currency -- a currency limited to a nation -- comes from the government, for the government is the entity that constitutes a nation. But the trust in a global currency depends in large part upon decentralization, from the fact that all parties, anywhere on Earth, belong to the same currency equally. More importantly, the realization that bitcoin is in some way "unstoppable," that its secure in a way unthinkable to most people used to a world where everything digital is hackable, further creates the impression that this money is somehow real. 
The combination of the recognition that the currency both possesses store of value, is beyond the control of any single party, and is secure in a way unlike anything else digital, is what develops faith in the currency and thus the willingness to accept it in exchange for goods and services. It is why people liken bitcoin to digital gold. The miracle of digital money lies in the fact that it has this quality of intrinsic-like value. "Digital money" whose value comes from mandate of a central authority lacks this miraculous quality.
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:28:11
Though perhaps not the most important moment of 2016, [one of my favorite moments.](
@_date: 2019-10-23 17:17:32
Most interesting part of the article:






@_date: 2018-06-13 15:48:08
This is 2014 deja vu and the whole "Willy bot" theory (that the previous bull market had been the result of manipulation, specifically from MtGox using bitcoin credit on their exchange that wasn't backed).
The timing is so similar, it almost makes you wonder if every market cycle doesn't have a stage involving these kinds of conspiracies (perhaps the "anger" stage prior to despair).  
@_date: 2016-12-29 19:43:34
Auntie Susan -- who is still asking you for help changing the size of the font on a webpage -- is the last one who should be using bitcoin. 
You guys are assuming that in order to succeed, bitcoin must immediately reach ordinary, 1st world consumers. Ordinary 1st world consumers are likely to be the *last* ones using bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-12-12 19:28:47
Judging from concerns  and  would it be fair to assume you think Bitcoin's success, or lack thereof, depends upon its ability to entice 1st world consumers to use it instead of traditional payment methods? If this is your assumption, then it is understandable why you would think success depends upon bitcoin being faster and cheaper than legacy methods. 
But ask yourself this: why would anyone -- who isn't already a bitcoin investor -- ever consider going through the hassle of acquiring bitcoins simply to buy stuff they can simply use a credit card for? I don't know about you, but last time I tried paying for anything with a credit card the transaction was instantaneous. How much faster can bitcoin be than that? Furthermore, the credit card fees are already priced into virtually every product on the market, meaning that as a consumer I'm going to pay those fees regardless of whether I use a credit card or cash or bitcoin. So even if bitcoin fees were zero, I would have no real incentive to use bitcoin over traditional payment. 
And while there are few advantages to using bitcoin over traditional payments for a banked consumers in the 1st world wishing to buy goods and surfaces from sanctioned outlets, one has to also consider the disadvantages to using bitcoin over credit cards. I have to go through the difficulty of acquiring and securing my bitcoin. I would have to be concerned about price volatility. And with the transactions being irreversible, I would have no way of getting my money back should something go wrong. Why should I take these risks when the reward is next to none?
This is why 1st world consumers -- that is, 1st world citizens who simply want to use it as a payment method -- are not going to lead bitcoin adoption, and why prioritizing the concerns of 1st world consumers (transaction speeds and fees) over the concerns of other types of adopters is a mistake. That isn't to say that Bitcoin doesn't need to scale, or that the fees don't need to be reduced, it is just to say that these should not be our first priorities because Bitcoin's success depends only secondarily upon them, at least at this stage. 
Now imagine another type of adopter, a consumer who is unbanked and has limited access to credit cards. Let's say this consumer lives in a third world country and wishes to buy steam games. If he can use his local currency in the form of cash to purchase bitcoin, suddenly he can now purchase digital goods whereas before he could not. With a VPN and bitcoin, he suddenly has the same access to these goods as someone in a 1st world country using a credit card. For him, the critical thing is that he can get access to digital commerce without the need for a bank account. For such a consumer, do you really think slow confirmation times and high fees are going to detour him? Of course not. For him, the main concern is that the network is not going to censor his transactions simply because of where he lives, that the network isn't suddenly going to disappear, that he is able to use the network, that his money is secure, and that it retains value at least as good as his local currency. So he has a different set of priorities than the consumer in a 1st world country. While he certainly would like to see faster confirmations and lower fees, he doesn't want to see those things if they come at the expense of his primary concerns.
I'm not suggesting that this second type of consumer is going to lead bitcoin adoption. I think it is much more complicated than that and, in fact, I don't even think consumers are currently the most vital link in the chain toward adoption at all. I simply want to point out, however, that even if we consider consumer adoption to be the primary concern, the type of consumer who is primarily interested in faster speeds and lower fees is actually very likely the least likely to adopt bitcoin at this early stage in the game. Do we need faster speeds and lower fees? YES. And that will happen. But haphazardly raising the block size without taking all the necessary steps threatened other properties of Bitcoin which are more important.  
@_date: 2019-10-02 14:35:51
Running against Pelosi? Now? It is definitely time for plan B . . .
@_date: 2019-10-18 14:19:49






\--- [Satoshi Nakamoto, June 17, 2010](
@_date: 2019-10-18 13:51:12
People really struggled to imagine what they would even be used for.
@_date: 2016-12-30 05:06:49
Absolutely. In my opinion, consumers adoption in places like the US may happen slowly as a consequence of many factors, but *mainstream* adoption in places like the US will only happen *after* Bitcoin becomes a global power, it won't be the cause of Bitcoin becoming so. There is no reason for the average consumer in the US to switch from dollars to bitcoin right now. Again, this isn't to say bitcoin use in 1st world countries won't continue to rise, it is just to say that this rise among *average consumers* will lag behind bitcoin's success, it won't lead it. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 01:36:23
And people say, "no one uses it." 
@_date: 2016-12-13 15:32:55


You obviously didn't understand me. The point is simple: you could reward miners by extending the block reward, you don't need fees if you were to do that. Fees aren't intrinsically needed to pay miners in a PoW system, they are only needed in this capacity if the system insist on a cap in the issuance of new currency.


No, guarantees. Less transactions on-chain means less competition over block inclusion, meaning lower demand resulting in lower fees. 


You accuse me of being a Wall Street guy. I'm going to say you are a politician or government employee used to the ways of propoganda. 


My premise is that we want the block size to remain small to guarantee that not only bob -- who lives in a 1st world market and runs a large business can store the blockchain -- but also Fernando, who lives in a third world country, can't afford the same equipment as bob, and is running a node against the wishes of his government and therefore can't have a huge data center with a   neon sign reading, "arrest me." If your goal is to raise the block size indefinitely, leading to complete centralization of the system, well feel free to ignore everything I said. My premise was the the community is generally agreed that some moderation of block size is required. 


The goal is to maintain decentralization of the base system. If you just keep raising the block size indefinitely, eventually there will be just a handful of data centers easily captured by governments. If that is your goal, that's fine. But don't hide your hostility to Bitcoin's ability to be censorship resistant by pretending to be its champion. 
@_date: 2019-10-19 16:19:32
Bitcoin is design to protect against typos. Most addresses that are the result of a few typos will fail. 
It is possible, however, that the safeguards fail and that you mistakenly type in a valid address that isn't yours. In such a case, it is almost certain that those coins will be lost forever, as the chances of anyone actually owning the keys to the mistaken address are next to zero. 
Obviously, there are a variety of ways you can send to the wrong address beyond typos, particularly man-in-the-middle attacks where malware on your computer replaces the intended address with one owned by the attacker. These can be obviated by using hardware wallets and checking to make sure the address displayed on the hardware device is the intended address, since the malware can't alter the hardware wallet.
@_date: 2018-06-11 04:59:50
Exactly. If one is accumulating, you want the price to keep going down. The fact that it kept dropping from $800, to $600, to $300 was the best thing that could have happened to you. Had it just gone up from $800 you would never have accumulated as much. 
@_date: 2016-12-30 01:26:02
Well, once virtual reality truly kicks in and we begin living in virtual worlds where mass and volume are determined by code . . . I think it would be really cool if a bitcoin looked and felt more or less like a gold coin does today. Just my opinion, of course. Cheers mate!
@_date: 2016-12-31 17:07:28
Yes, Hashcash was developed as a way of preventing spam, but it did so by *economically* disincentivizing spammers without actually requiring the use of fiat currency. In other words, hashcash was translating CPU computational work into economic units. The system referred to these units as "tokens" and the process of creating such tokens was called "minting." 


This is why it was called hash**cash** because the system would make clients pay to communicate with the server. Clients would *pay* in hashcash tokens which derived their value through PoW. Was it a full-fledged currency? Obviously not. But to say it had *nothing* to do with currency is a stretch. 
 
@_date: 2016-12-29 18:48:05
I don't think you understand. With bitcoin, the person *already has* their money, there's no need to walk anywhere. 
@_date: 2019-10-30 02:38:40
Assuming this news is accurate---what's going on here? What is China up to? What is their intent and strategy?
@_date: 2018-06-07 15:32:37
Terrific article. 
@_date: 2018-06-16 01:16:56
The potential in stable coins lies in the fact that they give users exposure to fiat without requiring a bank account. That's a very powerful tool.
The problem with tether---among many others---is that even though you don't need a bank account to hold it, you do take on significant risk due to the fact that tether is essentially an IOU from Bitfinex. But if there were stable coins that could eliminate that risk, then I imagine their popularity could potentially become significant.
As far as exchanges go, even if most centralized exchanges offer fiat and altcoin trading, these exchanges will require heavy KYC and bank accounts, so exchanges that require neither will remain popular and those are likely to be decentralized and censorship resistant.
@_date: 2016-12-20 19:40:52


If LN were implemented today, do you really suppose all those people and businesses who are currently complaining about the high transaction fees would continue to insist on transacting on-chain simply because, "Lightning is only meant for micro-txns?" Of course not. *Anyone* for whom the fees of onchain transactions are prohibitive will move to LN. This will cause downward pressure of the price of onchain fees.  
Will the downward pressure on onchain fees potentially be outweighed by upward pressure coming from new demand due to the use of micro-txns as you suggest? Hopefully, for that would be just a healthy sign that the network is growing and in need of additional scaling.
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:32:24
Oh that clip is so fucking hilarious. Definitely worth clicking if anyone hasn't seen it already. 
@_date: 2019-10-23 20:09:43
Bitcoin's fundamental "purpose" is difficult to fully know, just like the "purpose" of the internet is hard to define (particularly for someone attempting to do so in the early 90s). But we can look at its underlying utility to get an intuition. 
Bitcoin provides the world with a digital scarce bearer instrument that can be transferred and stored without third party intermediaries. This, in effect, makes it unlike any other asset ever known and potentially lays the foundation for a global, rather than national, monetary and financial infrastructure. 
Bitcoin provides the digital space with true economic scarcity and therefore turns the digital space from merely a proxy for scarcity in the real world to one that possesses that scarcity itself. To help you conceptualize what I mean: a computer cannot own gold or silver, it cannot own stocks or bonds (which depend on ownership enforced by laws). But a computer can own bitcoin. The digital space now has native scarcity without reference to meat space.  
Put differently, the digital space is now able to measure, transfer, and store value without the need to reference *physical* measurements of value (e.g., precious metals) or reference to *legal* measurements of value (e.g., securities and fiat currency). This means one can now store, transfer, and measure value without the need for intermediaries anywhere on the planet. 
Because the monetary policy is set by algorithm and cannot be manipulated, the system does not transfer power to any issuing authority. Not only does this remove the need to trust such an issuing authority and guarantee a sense of fairness in the system, but it allows it to act as a trustless global system. Traditional currency not only allows the issuing authority to redistribute wealth within a society, but to attack other societies financially, making them ill suited as global currencies. The fairness and neutrality of bitcoin makes it trustworthy to everyone on the planet. 
So what we are talking about is a monetary foundation for the digital space. What can be built upon that foundation is quite unlimited, but the importance here is intuiting that bitcoin represents the first step in a much broader transition from institutional trust to digital trust.
@_date: 2019-10-22 17:19:04
Yep, the problems are much more serious than the "tiny technical hiccup" they tried to sell us.
@_date: 2016-12-20 19:49:20


Good thing I didn't argue that then.
@_date: 2016-12-21 16:23:31
Bitcoin's use as cash for consumer level payments and financial transactions has always held greater promise, and a certain "inevitability," in the third world. This is precisely why it has been so essential to push back on efforts to raise the block size too aggressively, as that would have made it more difficult for people in less developed countries to run Bitcoin full nodes. 
But before people all over the world -- particularly in developing countries -- start turning to bitcoin, it first had to establish itself as a serious digital asset, as a store of value, and as a secure reality not likely to go away. People needed to understand bitcoin wasn't just a fad, or a get-rich-quick ponzi, but that it was a new commodity of the digital age . . . that it was "digital gold," or "Bit Gold" to use Szabo's original term.  
@_date: 2019-10-18 14:39:22
The video isn't about changing the denomination, it is simply pointing out that people don't realize 1 bitcoin contains 100,000,000 satoshis. People hear 1 bitcoin = $8,000 and conclude they can't afford it. But you don't need to buy a whole bitcoin, just stack sats, he says.
@_date: 2016-12-28 23:58:07
Fantastic article by Jeffrey Tucker in which he argues -- contrary to the view that bitcoin derives its value *solely* from its use, a view that exposes it to charges of being a Ponzi -- that bitcoin actually satisfies Mises's Regression Theorem by virtue of the fact that the blockchain possesses (inherent) utility. 
This article is particularly remarkable given that it was written two and a half years ago, before blockchain hype had really gotten underway among less technically educated people. I'm only now beginning to appreciate what Tucker realized back in 2014. 
What he realized was that bitcoin is only the token meant to represent, give access to, and facilitate the blockchain, and that without the blockchain bitcoin would become as worthless as World of Warcraft gold. 


This is precisely what critics of bitcoin, like Paul Krugman and Mark T. Williams (professor Bitcorn) failed to understand. By focusing solely on the token, and either ignoring or unable to appreciate the underlying technology, they came to the conclusion that Tucker admits would be a logical one if bitcoin, the token, lacked the underlying utility of the blockchain. 
Indeed, one could say that the first phase of bitcoin skepticism was -- and *is* for anyone newly introduced to the subject -- born out of this tendency to focus purely on the token and wonder how a number could have value just because people say so (and thus consequently, the tulip mania comparisons).


At that point it is natural for people to assume the technology can be separated from the token, thus giving rise to the "blockchain *not* Bitcoin" movement, or what you might say is the 2nd phase of Bitcoin skepticism (i.e., "well, the banks will just invent their own bitcoin").
But as Tucker writes:








In other words, Bitcoin was specifically designed to eliminate the need for third party institutions in conducting electronic payments. The idea, therefore, that this technology can simply be used by these third party institutions in order to force us into still relying upon third party institutions for transactions is an oxymoron. It is like saying producers of fax machine would create their own internet in order to keep people using faxes. 
The value proposition of the blockchain is that it makes peer-to-peer, censor resistant, electronic transactions possible. Banks that attempt to create their own blockchains with the purpose of preventing peer-to-peer transactions in order to keep their own primary value proposition as third-party facilitators of electronic transactions are trying to use the technology in order to eliminate the purpose of the technology in the first place. 
Finally, I would go a step further than Tucker and suggest that because the blockchain represents the underlying inherent utility of Bitcoin, the ability to have your transactions included in the blockchain essentially represent the root commodity here. The value of this commodity is measured in transaction fees, since transaction fees are the cost required for block inclusion. Put simply, the transaction fee represents the current price of the underlying commodity that ultimately gives bitcoin value. 
 
@_date: 2019-10-12 16:49:08
Sorry I'm late to the tinfoil party. 
The first question is: what is the actual problem? And then, secondarily, what does the Fed *think* is the problem? (Or perhaps more precisely, what does the Fed want us to believe is the problem?)
In my opinion, the problem is that some of the collateral in the repo markets is in trouble. The repo markets don't just use Treasuries as collateral, they also use less reliable forms of collateral like MBSs (mortgage backed securities), corporate bonds, CLOs (collateralized loan obligations), and even equities, simply because there aren't enough Treasuries for the system to remain liquid. 
All of the collateral used by the banks is itself rehypothecated (think fractional reserve), which means that 1 real bond may get used seven or eight times as collateral on a single day. So if there is a problem with, say, corporate debt---and we are recently learning that there are, in fact, problems in corporate debt at the lower end of the credit spectrum---then suddenly the banks become reluctant to accept this debt as collateral. But, more importantly, depending on how bad the situation becomes, they can also become nervous about the solvency of a borrower if that borrower is carrying a heavy balance sheet of this risky debt.
The last time we saw the repo market act this way was prior to 2008. The same thing happened, the market heavily relied on mortgaged backed securities, and when those became questionable the repo market began to have liquidity issues. It was actually a warning of what was to come, but no one at the time interpreted it that way. 
So, in my opinion the problem is with the collateral, probably corporate bonds. We know there has been a bubble in corporate debt similar to the housing market bubble, and the signs point to the weaker end of that spectrum now being in trouble (reminders of how subprime led the housing market collapse). 
Now, the second question, what is the Fed telling us they think is the problem?
According to the Fed, the problem is that banks are unable to lend effectively due to shortages in reserves caused by quantitative tightening which removed a lot of reserves from circulation. They don't have enough money to feel comfortable lending it out, in other words. 
The Fed's solution was initially---you have to remember, this problem with the repo markets started way back in April---to lower the amount of interest they paid banks to park money at the Fed, under the theory that this would inspire banks to lend more via the repo markets in order to get a better return. Yet despite doing this, it made no difference and the tension in the repo markets only got worse.  
What we are now talking about is their latest solution of injected liquidity by buying Treasuries under the hope that by increasing reserves they can encourage banks to lend more. 
However, if the problem is actually with the quality of the collateral, the CLOs or corporate bonds, and not reserves, then what the Fed is doing will make no real difference. The huge spike that drew everyone's attention was initially blamed on tax payment deadlines and a recent government bond auction, but those sorts of days happen every year. The reason the effect was so dramatic this year was because of the underlying problems in the repo market that that particular day just made worse. If it had really just been a temporary liquidity problem by a weird convergence of events, and nothing more, the dramatic steps the Fed has taken since wouldn't have been required. No, something is seriously wrong. 
The narrative the Fed is giving us is now acknowledging that something is wrong, but it isn't that bad because it is something they can easily fix. Now even this narrative has many people worried because it implies the system can't actually handle any degree of tightening, which means QEternity. 
But the problem may be worse if its a problem with the collateral and not actually reserve liquidity. In that case, we are facing GFC 2.0. And the only solution to that would be for the Fed to add all of that bad debt to its balance sheet. 
The problem we are facing is that no one is willing to face the pain of a real recession, and so they keep using money printing and other tactics to artificially keep up asset prices. In the housing market they have managed to keep up prices by printing money to prop up MBSs and by letting the majority of delinquent home owners remain on their property without foreclosing. This time around, we may be facing a situation where they allow all of these zombie companies to survive indefinitely by guaranteeing their debt. How long can this party continue before it explodes? And when it explodes, is it going to express itself primarily in the collapse of the monetary system?
It is the monetary system that is primarily using its power to artificially prop everything up. If it continues to do so, and there is no way for prices to come down naturally, the only place the system could implode is with the monetary system itself, the only asset that cannot be bailed out by printing more money is money itself.
@_date: 2016-12-23 05:40:16
Add a sacrifice of Mark Karpeles' cat. 
@_date: 2016-12-30 00:46:02
Bitcoin is simply the base currency of an entirely new monetary system. When we start getting into the subject of credit creation with bitcoin we are probably getting way ahead of ourselves. But since you brought it up, I do think layers will be built on top of the base network that make credit issuance not only possible, but available to people and businesses without the need for banking institutions. 
In fact, the Lightening Network which is being built on top of Bitcoin -- which will allow for micro-transactions, eliminate the need for confirmations, allow Bitcoin to scale to Visa-like levels in terms of transaction volume, and bring down transaction fees dramatically -- is essentially an early credit/lending system with the blockchain being used as a settlement layer, if I understand how it works correctly. 
Eventually, with token creation -- tethered to the Bitcoin network -- being available to all, identity management and reputation systems built out of the blockchain or sidechains, and the ability for debts to be repaid to addresses that can be exchanged -- meaning the identity of the lender isn't required -- one can imagine a day where it will be possible to issue your own credit/bonds as traded assets. This kind of thing will be technically available to everyone, not just financial institutions, and you can imagine credit creation actually expanding in a dramatic way that empowers everyone and removes banks from their current status as the gatekeepers of credit, as well as allows the money supply to expand and contract naturally according to the needs of society without depending on central banks. Obviously, all of this is speculative, and at the very least a ways off, but you brought it up . . .  
@_date: 2016-12-17 05:05:47
What the "real people with real needs" want isn't just cheap fees. People want a way of controlling their money in a way that is censorship resistant and secure and can be transacted peer-to-peer without third party interference. They also want to know that the value of their money won't evaporate over night. So there are many concerns users have, not just transaction fees, and many of the concerns are threatened more by aggressive efforts to raise the block size.
So while we can say we want to make Bitcoin available to everyone, and accuse the other side of trying to thwart that, the question is are you trying to thwart bitcoin adoption by making the transaction costs prohibitive? Or are you trying to thwart adoption by destroying the security of the network? We make use of the average person struggling in less privileged countries as an argument for why high fees are abusive.  But the average person in less privileged societies has much greater concerns about his money than transaction fees, and threatening those aspects of the network that provide him with the security and store of value qualities he is depending upon is equally as hostile to him, if not more so, than are high transactions fees. 
The truth is, the scaling issue is a balancing act. You need both *security* and *use*, and if you prioritize one exclusively you will destroy the other.
@_date: 2016-12-29 05:08:35
My guess is that we will hit 1000 USD approximately 7 hours from now. Most people in the US will wake up to it. 
@_date: 2016-12-30 01:36:35
The reality is anyone -- assuming they have a computer, internet, etc -- can mine bitcoin. Just depends on what kind of premium they are willing to pay to get fresh bitcoin. 
You use electricity to mine bitcoin. If you have access to cheap electricity, you can make a profit. If you don't, you will produce bitcoin at a loss. Same as everything. I wouldn't want to be a rice producer if I lived in Iceland.
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:26:34
It isn't a physical object, but it shares the same objective-like existence as physical objects. Like physical objects it cannot be copied, like physical objects the exchange of a bitcoin is peer-to-peer, like physical objects the existence of a bitcoin is not dependent on a controlling third party who can override your ownership on a whim. Put simply, a bitcoin exists in more or less the same manner as a physical banknote exists, only with the additional advantage that it can be used digitally. 
Because of the objective-like existence of bitcoin, with devices like Opendime, you can actually exchange bitcoin in meat space the same way you would exchange physical cash. It is a new kind of digital asset that quite simply never existed before. All other digital assets either exist on some company's centralized servers, or are easy copied and pasted, thereby requiring the law to enforce their ownership. In all cases, prior to bitcoin, there was no way to own a digital asset without some third party being involved. With bitcoin, ownership is more or less possible in the same way you own the dollar bill in your pocket. 
@_date: 2018-06-09 18:41:28
I agreed 100&amp; with everything he said in that interview. It doesn't surprise me Erik is where he is today, he has an entrepreneurial spark of genius\-\-\-you can kind of sense that in this interview.
In particular, the fact that Erik is able to bring attention to a key aspect of crypto\-\-\-central to its historical importance\-\-\-that is very often overlooked: and that is the idea of *free market money.* It is a simple, yet radical idea that underlines true libertarianism. With this underlying philosophy, it is understandable that Voorhees has focused so much on encouraging the altcoin market and competition in crypto.
Ultimately, if Bitcoin is to shine, it must compete, which means it must shed this defensive, post\-civil\-war mentality, of Bitcoin maximalism. Bitcoin maximalism, by its very nature, seeks to eliminate market competition and, in doing so, cuts itself off from one of the most sacred aspects of the very revolution Bitcoin began. Instead, Bitcoin must embrace that which makes it inherently advantageous over its competition and simultaneously it must take its place at the heart of the entire movement it has given birth to, rather than wishing the whole thing would die and go away.
As far as his support of segwit2x: The civil war was crazy and complicated with a lot of moving parts. In my view, Voorhees and his peers were trying their best to do the right thing.
@_date: 2019-08-02 14:47:50
Williamson and Yang represent the early glimmers of what the future Democratic party is going to look like. Yang, in particular, is just a little ahead of schedule. It is very exciting that such a strong bitcoin advocate is making serious progress this election cycle though, it signals that the tendency of future democrats will be to embrace crypto.
@_date: 2019-10-02 19:23:21
(First of all, for the record, the Fed isn't simply engaging in overnight repurchase operations, 90 billion per week is for two week operations.)
The Repo markets allow banks to borrow short term primarily by using US Treasury bonds as collateral. More importantly, according to the Federal Reserve, the estimates are that every Treasury used as collateral is being re-used (i.e., rehypothecated) between 6 and 9 times.
Much like banks that used to lend out more money than they actually had in gold backing it, banks today are essentially doing the same thing with the collateral being used to borrow money over the repo markets. They are borrowing money with collateral they don't actually have. **"The total amount of repos is a multiple of the total amount of securities in the system."**
Every real security or bond acting as collateral, therefore, is essentially a license to print more bonds out of thin air and each one is a basis for a loan. But while this rehypothecation of collateral allows for an explosion of lending, these loans don't themselves create money, because they are loans for reserves which commercial banks cannot print. Consequently, there is only so much use of repos banks can indulge in before there simply isn't enough liquidity. If the Fed is selling bonds and adding to the pool of collateral liquidity, but simultaneously removing reserves from the system, the repo market will tighten very quickly and demand will grossly outweigh supply and that is what we've seen recently. 
However, if the central bank, who does have the ability to print reserves, then comes in and engages in repo operations, the repo market then effectively no longer has a limit to supply. And if interest rates are near or below zero, there won't be much of a limit to demand either, as overnight loans can simply be rolled over, so to speak, with newly borrowed money. The rehypothecation of bonds, low interest rates, and short term lending from the Fed will translate into expanding reserves, an increased Fed balance sheet, exploding asset prices, and the effect will be the same as QE4.  
If we are facing zero percent interest and a permanent repo facility from the Fed, along with new exposure opportunities to bitcoin for institutions (e.g., Bakkt), bitcoin $100,000 is likely very conservative. 
But the point is that a combination of taking control of the repo market plus zero interest is a way the Fed can inject massive liquidity into the system without any mention of QE for PR purposes. 
How long the Fed can pump this mother of all bubbles, or if it even intends to, who knows. But I'm not convinced the "party" can't be restarted, and bitcoin particularly impacted this time around.
@_date: 2019-10-19 16:02:48
Well said.
@_date: 2019-06-17 17:19:25
I was impressed with this woman.
@_date: 2019-10-22 17:09:31


This is fine. &lt;sips coffee&gt;
@_date: 2016-12-22 03:10:22


Who said that wasn't what the technology was about?


Exactly.  


When did I criticize someone for using "coins as analogous to gold?" In fact, I belong to the bitcoin is "digital gold" camp. 


Your point being?
What's the point of all this insistence that Satoshi was trying to create an electronic cash system? Why so much huffing and puffing? Obviously he was trying to create digital peer-to-peer money. 
None of that changes the fact that the intrinsic value of Bitcoin is the blockchain. That doesn't mean that the price of bitcoin comes from the blockchain alone, it simply means that Bitcoin possesses value independent of its use as money, the same way gold possesses value independent of its use as money.   
@_date: 2019-06-20 08:29:02
Crypto comes in eras or hype cycles, and each bitcoin bubble represents the end of one era and the beginning of another. These hype cycles are marked by dramatic changes in the size of the community and ecosystem and changes in the prevailing ethos of the space. 2017 marked the beginning of the current era and the end of the previous one, and the dramatic change in the community and the ecosystem that came with it really began shortly after we reached the previous ATH. 
I expect something similar to happen this time round. Until we return to the ATH, the crypto space will continue to feel more or less like it does today. We will gradually make our way to the ATH and then shortly after we do, the feel of the space will begin to change as it starts being consumed by early mainstream entrance and the weight of powerful forces like Libra, institutional players, and the concerns of government.
@_date: 2019-06-03 17:06:46
I don't think it is coincidence that the birth of modern banking and fiat money coincided with the dramatic expansion in economic growth historically. Not necessarily that one caused the other, but because fiat money---and by "fiat money" I mean the separation of currency from the underlying commodity backing it (I recognize that this definition differs somewhat by how many people use the term)---is an technological advancement that only could have been produced following the advancement of reason, just like the steam engine or canning or artillery. 
Technologies are interconnected, they arise in concert consistent with the age they find themselves in. What would the cell phone be without the internet, or the car without the invention of the combustion engine, the radio without electricity? Fiat money could not have existed without the printing press, but one invention inevitably led to the other. And the reason this invention was so important was because prior to its existence there was no way for ordinary people to borrow money. The consequence was that even if you had a great idea and ambition, unless you were already rich you had no way to put your ideas into action. In short, fiat money increased liquidity in society. 
Most gold bugs don't want to return to an age without fiat money, they don't want us to return to an age where the only form of money is physical coins, they can't imagine a world without banks. Even gold bugs recognize that the economy of the Middle Ages was stagnant. The issue they have is with the idea that fiat money isn't backed by precious metals the way it used to be.They still want banks, they still want debit cards, they still want lending, they just want interest rates to be tied to natural economic flows rather than manipulated by central banks. This is no doubt in part because even they can see that we live now in a digital age, and the idea that we would have no way of buying things online is something even they can recognize wouldn't fit. They need digital currency, they just want that digital currency to be backed by gold. But for digital currency to be backed by gold, the money must rely on the trusted third party who holds the gold, which is precisely the situation that gave rise to fiat money in the first place. 
Bitcoin maximalists, on the other hand, imagine that they have discovered a hard money that, unlike gold, doesn't depend on trusted third parties (i.e., banks) to be transmittable in the digital age. This means we not only can reverse time to a period when fiat money was backed by gold, but all the way back to a time prior to the existence of fiat money entirely, such that we can avoid the pitfalls of fractional reserve lending In this regard, bitcoin maximalists are even more regressive than gold bugs are. 
But what both of these camps have in common is the desire to go back in time. But the future does not lie in the past, it lies in the future. 
And the Achilles heel of the maximalist is not arguments pertaining to the need for an expanding money supply to maintain liquidity, or arguments about the pitfalls of deflation; the Achilles heel is the existence of altcoins. This is why they despise them so much. 
Altcoins fundamentally negate the hard money vision of the maximalist, because for the maximalist's vision to become reality there cannot be a plurality of currencies because if there is, inflation will exist, lending will exist, and liquidity will be plentiful. 
But the irony is that it is precisely the existence of a plurality of currencies that will not only permit bitcoin to remain deflationary, that will not only negate the arguments that a currency cannot be deflationary, but will also make bitcoin vitally important to the economy precisely because of its deflationary properties. 
Your argument, if I understand you correctly, is essentially that less liquidity would be healthy for society. And less lending would certainly be one way to curtail irresponsible lending. 
But my argument is that crypto opens the possibility to not only more liquidity---whether that comes in the form of lending or not---but liquidity that is healthy. We can have our cake and eat it too, so to speak. The purpose of money is to provide liquidity and the history of money is that the most liquid money always wins. This is why gold coinage had no chance in the long run against fiat currency, because it is too illiquid; this is why barter had no chance against money, because it is too illiquid. This is why fiat money has no chance, again in the long run, against crypto because it is too illiquid; and this is why a bitcoin maximalist future will lose to a multi-currency future, because the latter is vastly more liquid than the former. 
Liquidity is not just the ability to transmit money easily, it is not just the universality of the acceptance of that currency and the requisite ability for that money to store value in order to gain and preserve that acceptance, it is not just how easily the money can be exchanged or the money's ability to be used both online and offline--- liquidity in the modern age also refers to the ability to convert non-money assets and goods into money upon demand. That is to say, money provides society with liquidity, not just because it is itself liquid, but because everything economic becomes more liquid as the result of the existence of that money. Without money, to sell my car would require finding someone who wanted the car and simultaneously had something I wanted to exchange for it. But with money, all I need do is find someone who wants the car and has the money to pay for it. Money reduces friction and thereby increases liquidity. 
But what this means is that if you have two types of money, money A and money B, and money A allows Joe to use his illiquid house as collateral in order to get liquidity quickly, and money B requires that Joe has to sell his house in order to get liquidity, then money B is providing society with less liquidity and is creating more economic friction, because Joe's house loses liquidity. Consequently, if given a choice between money A and money B, society will opt for the former because it is a superior money. 
To me the bitcoin maximalist is like the early advocates of automobiles who argued with people who thought cars were ridiculous by saying, "cars are slower and less fickle than horses, therefore less accidents will occur because you will never get thrown from your car." No, the reason the car would replace horses is because they would eventually become much faster than horses and represented a superior form of transportation. The reason crypto will succeed is because it will eventually provide society with more liquidity, not less, and the reason bitcoin maximalists are wrong, in my opinion, is because they want to reduce liquidity, which is like an early car advocate wanting to slow traffic down.
@_date: 2018-06-07 16:01:33
There's a lot of Bitcoin maximalists who want to see Ethereum go down. To this end they end up sounding exactly like the nocoiners of today (or the "buttcoiners" of yesterday) regarding bitcoin. Virtually every argument bitcoin maximalists use against Ethereum is just a variant of the same argument people have been using against bitcoin for years.
An example of this is this argument that a regulatory crackdown on ICOs will doom Ethereum. In the past, people used to say, "the government will ban bitcoin, the government will make it illegal." The essence of the argument is that authorities will fear crypto and will seek to destroy it, and that argument is now actually being championed by Bitcoin maximalists who want to see  Ethereum fail. 
Bitcoin maximalists are not people who love Bitcoin more than others. They are simply a variety of crypto enthusiasts who do not believe in money creation. If you don't believe in money creation\-\-\-beyond making room for Bitcoin's inception\-\-\-you draw the line at bitcoin's 21 million. And that's what they've done. They believe in bitcoin because it is sound money, not because it is democratized money. Beyond bitcoin, they want to see the money creation stop, and now they are hoping the government will agree with them and do the dirty work of making it stop because the free market obviously won't. 
They claim they want a sound monetary system not controlled and manipulated by government. But if government laws and regulations are the only thing keeping bitcoin safe in its status as the one currency to rule them all, then that status is itself an artificial condition made possible by the controls and manipulations of government. 
@_date: 2019-06-20 17:46:13
You mean 3/3, he/she correctly called the bottom in December as well . . .
@_date: 2019-10-20 19:48:25
Except they weren't two dates snipped from random points in time, they were the trading history of bitcoin from beginning to end.
And the reason this is important is because the gold community was one of the first to become aware of bitcoin. A large percentage of the bitcoin super rich today were gold guys, made aware of bitcoin precisely because of their interest in the concept of sound money. They desperately tried to make the gold community aware of the opportunity. They were met with laughter, jeers, and derision, "that's for 15 year olds! That's for the economically illiterate!"
And yet here we are, less than a decade later and those early gold guys who turned bitcoin investors are now all billionaires while the rest of the gold community---who have no excuse, unlike the rest of us, because you fucks actually knew about bitcoin when it was under 10 bucks---is left twiddling their thumbs still trying to convince themselves than they are smarter, that they understand economics. If you understood economics and money 1/10th as well as you think you do, you would have invested.
But rather than just admit that you were wrong, rather than admit that you didn't have a fucking clue, you double down and say the same exactly nonsense, "you're all 15 year olds! You don't understand money!!!!!!" Blah, blah.
You didn't have a clue then, and you don't have a clue now.
@_date: 2019-06-09 17:11:40
Three years ago analyzing bitcoin in terms of macro trends would have sounded ridiculous. Today it just seems mildly ridiculous but it is on the table, and after the next hype cycle it won't seem ridiculous at all. That is when we will begin to get the glimmers of next great narrative that slowly begins to capture the imagination of the world over the coming decade: that an automated global accounting system not controlled by any government might, just might, represent the replacement for the current paradigm. And crucial to this rising narrative will be the simultaneous decline of the fiat system. One critical component of that decline will be the loss in confidence with central bankers and human policy makers, and we are witnessing the first steps in that direction today. 2008 and QE put central banks on center stage, and they were viewed as the saviors of the economy. But that narrative may quickly shift if it becomes felt that the policies of central banks actually made things catastrophically worse in the long run.
@_date: 2018-06-17 17:21:53
First of all, the moment tether is sent to Bitfinex it is automatically converted to USD. Read the article.
But secondly, tether owners don't have to pay back their loans, they are the one's doing the lending. Borrowers have to pay back loans, and in this case the borrower is Bitfinex. Every time someone holding tether sends that tether to Bitfinex they are demanding Bitfinex pay back the loan. 
If every tether holder all at once sent tether to Bitfinex, and Bitfinex didn't actually have USD to back that tether, then Bitfinex would have to suspend USD withdrawals or risk collapse. 
@_date: 2019-02-18 19:23:42
I have several issues with what Varoufakis is saying here, including his whole "blockchain not bitcoin" bit and his assertion that bitcoin is apolitical. But I just want to focus on his association of the gold standard with the Great Depression.
The Great Depression was caused by a lending driven speculative bubble in the stock market that popped after the Fed tightened.
The existence of a gold standard made it difficult for the Fed to reinflate that bubble and their failure to do so has often been blamed for why the Great Depression was so harsh. But the existence of a gold standard did not itself initiate the depression.
2008 was very similar to the Great Depression. It was caused by a lending driven speculative bubble which popped after the Fed raised interest rates. Like with the great depression, existing laws regarding monetary policy prohibited the Fed from having enough power to reinflate the bubble---only in 2008 one could say the limitation was from a Treasury Bond standard rather than a gold standard. But unlike the Great Depression, in 2008 congress didn't hesitate to change the laws to permit the Fed more power so the Fed was able to reinflate the bubble. Their lack of hesitance was likely due in large part from the lessons supposedly learned from the Great Depression, lessons that lead people like Varoufakis to just assume the issue has been settled.
But what everyone seems to forget when talking about the Great Depression is how it was a margin driven speculative mania that lead to it in the first place, the only lesson recalled seems to have been what the Fed supposedly did wrong after the Depression began.
What led to the Great Depression was too much credit being created relative to actual increases in productive activity. That's what we mean by a lending driven bubble, the money that is being created from lending is not actually being used to fuel productive enterprise. This excess of money/credit eventually has to correct itself. When the central bank, prior to both the Great Depression and the Great Recession, noticed the bubble and took measures to reduce lending in order to temper it, they end up with the bubble popping and a subsequent recession.
The 2008 crisis has been responded to with extreme money printing from central banks, and the apparent way in which it has alleviated the recession has people championing this as vindication of lessons learned from the Great Depression. It is in this context that someone like Varoufakis can be dismissive of Bitcoin. But the problem is that this money creation has not corresponded with a coinciding increase in productive activity in the economy, leading to a massive stock market bubble. In other words, the solution that has been offered, which in the short term seems to have been vindicated, is actually creating the exact same conditions that led to the Great Depression. Should those conditions play out as they did in 1929, the narrative will completely reverse and people like Varoufakis will find it less easy to be so dismissive of hard money.
Of course, he and others will argue that the problem was due to all the stimulus having come from central bank money printing that ended up concentrated in financial markets and not deficit spending from governments on real productive endeavors. But, nevertheless, the idea of the gold standard as having been what limited central banks' ability to act will lose popularity as it becomes clear the danger in letting central banks act at all.
The truth is, no one knows with any certainty how money works, there are just prevailing theories made strong by current economic conditions. But we are living through a time when those conditions can rapidly change, and appear to want to do so, in such a way that most of the popular theories of the 20th century quickly give way.
@_date: 2019-10-20 18:37:24
Yes, it's possible. I'm not a math guy, but it's something like 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 times less likely than winning the Mega Millions jackpot lottery in the United States.
The exception is when people create addresses using non-random generation (e.g., brain wallets or faulty random number generators). In such cases, the chances go down significantly, and some hackers have made quite a lot by farming these wallets.
@_date: 2017-11-10 06:35:32
Well said. We must never forget what Satoshi once wrote:


@_date: 2019-10-18 13:20:40
Yes, it was exactly as you describe, only worse.
This is why most people who invested in bitcoin didn't just "get lucky."
@_date: 2019-02-05 19:18:06
I don't think the intent of QE was to create inflation. The intent was to prop up the mortgage and housing markets by buying up MBSs---and it should be mentioned that this was a historic shift in policy from a century of just buying goverment debt to now buying private sector debt. But capital markets are all interconnected. Once you had this massive new player in the markets, buying up one particular type of asset, the sellers of those assets were then flush with cash they needed to reinvest, which they did in a variety of other assets causing the everything bubble. As everyone saw what was happening, everyone piled in knowing the prices were just going to keep rising because the Fed, with their unlimited money, was buying. Desperate to get on the train, people and institutions began borrowing money (at record low interest rates) in order to buy even more assets which were inevitably going up because the Fed had essentially rigged the markets.
Imagine, as an analogy, that tomorrow the Fed announced it was going to start buying bitcoin, 1 billion dollars worth a day. It wouldn't just be bitcoin that would rise in value, all the altcoins would rise as well because the crypto market is interconnected. As everyone saw the inevitable price rise in crypto due to the Fed, people would begin borrowing money to buy more crypto, piling onto the effect already started by the Fed. That is essentially what has happened to the capital markets broadly.
And it isn't just the Fed, it's all the world's major central banks that have been doing this . . .
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:33:52


Ultimately, when you are moving large amounts of money, you want security and trust. That is what the blockchain will provide. 2nd layers will provide consumer level payments which are cheap and instant. The problem is that if you attempt to make the base layer cheap and instant, it leads to it being centralized which removes trust and security from the network. What you want is both, a trusted and secure network, and a cheap one. You can only get both through the layered approach, which means that the base layer acts more like gold, while the higher layers act more like Paypal. 
@_date: 2019-06-20 17:10:46
If the Fed loans Chase 1 billion dollars, that money goes into circulation and adds to the total money supply. But if Chase then repays the 1 billion dollars to the Fed, who destroys the money upon receipt, that money subtracts from the total money supply, and at the end of the day the total money supply remains unchanged.
Furthermore, inflation is not caused simply from an increase in the money supply. The money supply can increase indefinitely as long as the demand for the money also increases proportionally. When Chase borrows 1 billion dollars, that represents increased demand for dollars in part because now Chase owes 1 billion dollars.
Every time a bank lends money, whether it is the Fed or a commercial bank, new money is created but it doesn't cause inflation precisely for the reasons I am attempting to explain. The problems only begin when you have a massive number of defaults.
@_date: 2019-10-23 17:13:37
It has always been this way. Read some old posts from five years ago, same thing.
@_date: 2019-10-17 18:26:29


So-called "globalists" want a currency they control, which they can print, which is to say they want a fiat currency. But short of a context in which there is a one world government, fiat currency is inherently resistant to universality because of the way it favors the money printers over everyone else. 
What makes bitcoin special is not that it is a digital currency. After all, governments already have a means of creating a cashless society without the introduction of blockchains. Just take a look at WeChat pay in China. In fact, blockchain technology is completely redundant in any kind of fiat, centrally controlled monetary system because trust is dependent on the integrity of the central authority. Trust is gained and lost by responsible or irresponsible monetary policies because the issuing authority has the ability to print money and create debt. If trust is lost in that authority a blockchain is not going to restore it, and if they introduce a blockchain as the infrastructure for their currency, loss of trust in the blockchain will not translate into a loss of trust in the value of the currency. Put simply, a blockchain neither adds nor subtracts trust from a fiat currency, and it isn't required for digital money. So its only real purpose for a centrally controlled fiat currency would be to add efficiency, except we all know blockchains are not efficient. 
A blockchain acts as a decentralized trust network, its entire purpose is to generate trust between actors who do not trust one another. But it can only do so if the monetary policy is itself set by the network and not a centralized human authority, because the introduction of such an authority transfers the locus of trust to them rather than the decentralized network. This is the problem faced by the majority of altcoins. 
And it is the problem faced by so-called "globalists" who want a currency they control. The very act of control over the currency means that they become the locus of trust, regardless of whether the infrastructure for their digital currency is blockchain-based or not. 
In a nation, in which the government monopolizes the creation and enforcement of laws, it is easy to use that power to force the adoption and use of a currency. The currency is backed by guns, as many people like to say. But in an international context, where people are living under different legal authorities, it becomes difficult to use the power of law to promote a global currency. 
In other words, short of a one world government, fiat currency---which depends on a trusted authority---cannot attain global currency status (though the US dollar have given it a good go) because not everyone will trust, or be forced to trust, that authority. Put differently, any fiat currency advantages the controller and printer of the currency and disadvantages everyone else, which means everyone else is not going to want to use that currency unless forced to, and without a single government there is no way to force them to. 
Even a currency like Libra, which is the idea of a global currency run by multinational corporations---a true globalist currency---advantages these corporations who will have the ability to print money, and disadvantages everyone else. 
The only way to achieve a true global currency is for the currency to be absolutely neutral and fair in its monetary policy. Only then can it not be said to give the power of money printing to a few, providing them with power over the many. This fairness makes it intrinsically trustworthy. 
This is one reason bitcoin is often referred to as "digital gold." The attraction to gold as money lies in the fact that it is fair and trusted and its supply cannot be easily manipulated. Gold bugs who are suspicious of bitcoin find its digital nature to be a liability and find it hard to comprehend how anything digital can be truly scarce. But the irony is that it is gold's physicality that is its greatest liability in the digital age.
@_date: 2017-11-19 12:05:08


Heh . . . this guy is such a newb. 
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:59:47
What you wrote is very misleading. When people talk of money "printing," they aren't referring to the physical process of literally producing paper cash, they are referring to the creation of dollars (most of which occur electronically). Saying that the Treasury prints money is like saying the canning company Coka Cola outsources to produces the drink itself. The Fed simply outsources the physical production of cash dollars to the Treasury, but the Treasury has no right to produce these dollars on its own. 
Dollars represent the liabilities of the Federal Reserve Bank, not the US government; the US government has no right to create Federal Reserve liabilities anymore than I have the right to run up your credit card. What you are suggesting is that the US government is literally stealing from the Fed. The whole reason the US government needs to borrow money from the Fed in the first place is because it can't print the money itself.
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:26:14
I joined this subreddit following the 2013 hype cycle. I distinctly remember many posts expressing the exact sentiment of your concern. It would seem each wave of new people has a dumbing down effect that old timers feel. 
Nevertheless, the memes are fun. But serious discussion does seem to get pushed out. 
@_date: 2015-08-26 06:10:54
Separation of money and state has already occurred. Ever since the Fed instituted quantitative easing, it in effect declared independence from the state. Prior to 2008 the Fed could only create money to buy government debt. This made the state the ultimate source of money creation. Following 2008, however, the Fed could create money to buy anything they wanted. 
The issue isn't the separation of money and state, it is separating money from centralized control and power. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:24:35
Ordinary payments won't take place on the main chain, but rather through payment channels like Lightning. 
@_date: 2015-08-19 15:28:26
Here's the thing. Money's value is at least partially correlated with people's confidence in it. Confidence in it as a store of value, as it were. The longer bitcoin survives, the more this confidence grows. 
During times of deep financial uncertainty, people want to put their money somewhere safe. Right now bitcoin is the last place that comes to mind as somewhere "safe" to put your money precisely because everyone knows it could go to zero. But if what you are saying is true, that bitcoin will always be there, will never die, eventually that psychology changes.  Something that never dies is the very definition of something that is safe. 
The price cannot go down forever. Therefore, if bitcoin is going to be around forever, if it is not going to zero, at some point the price must either stabilize or go up. If it stabilizes, then the perception will grow that it is a safe place to put and save your money. The more that perception grows, the more buy pressure, the more the price goes up. 
The problem with saying that bitcoin isn't an all-or-nothing scenario, that it could remain what it is today indefinitely, is that it can't remain what it is today simply because a critical component of what it is today lies in is its novelty and the uncertainty that comes with that. You remove uncertainty and bitcoin becomes something very different than what it is today. In effect, it becomes digital gold. 
@_date: 2019-02-05 17:58:27
The problem with deflation isn't that people won't spend, it is that it causes the real value of debt to increase over time.
Why is this a problem? Well, imagine an extreme scenario where you borrow 10 bitcoin (roughly $35,000 at the time of writing) in order to buy a car. Now imagine that next year---and, again, this is an extreme example to make the point---the price of bitcoin goes up to $100,000. Because your debt is denominated in bitcoin, you now owe the equivalent of 1 million dollars. The chances of you being able to repay your debt decreases dramatically.
That is an extreme example, but the principle applies to any kind of debt denominated in a currency undergoing deflation. Deflation makes it so that the real value of your debts increases over time, making it difficult to borrow. This is the real problem with deflation, it isn't that people won't spend---people have bills to pay, rent, groceries, and other living expenses that must be paid---it is that people won't borrow, and the modern banking system and modern economy is almost entirely built around borrowing. If borrowing ceased overnight, the banking system would collapse as would the economy.
So if bitcoin---assuming it remains deflationary--- were to become the one *and only* world currency that many maximalists imagine it becoming, it would lead to an economy lacking in liqudity. Joe, who wants to start a business, would either have to begin wealthy, or he would have to work for 20 years in order to accumulate enough savings to start that business, for example. This is why so few economists have endorsed bitcoin.
But this is entirely premised on the idea of bitcoin being the sole currency. Once you remove this idea, and envision a future that continues the current trend of there being many currencies, bitcoin's deflationary nature potentially becomes an asset rather than a liability, as it fills the role of "digital gold," as it were, in the overall economy, and leaves the roles traditionally associated with lending and borrowing and liquidity creation to other projects. It is important, also, to consider that the broader crypto economy makes it possible to create liquidity in new ways other than just the tradition of credit creation, and that some of these possibilities might come out of the Bitcoin network itself (Tether being an early example).
It is also worth noting that Core developer Peter Todd has recently been suggesting that bitcoin must eventually abandon its 21 million cap and become inflationary, not for economic reasons, but for technical ones having to do with the security of the system. He concedes that this isn't a debate worth having today, but that one day it may be inevitable. The fact that someone as prestigious as Peter Todd is suggesting this implies that even should bitcoin become the dominant world currency, adjustments to its algorithm would likely become a point of world debate and definitely up for consideration.
@_date: 2019-06-08 17:39:58
Interesting questions. 


Yes, in the most extreme form. 


If the value of bitcoin were appreciating by 5% every year, interest rates would simply need to be higher than 5% and everything would revolve around that. But it is unlikely that there would cease to be economic upturns and downturns, simply because the economy depends on so many factors beyond just monetary policy. In times of economic downturns, as people were fleeing into the safety of bitcoin, the demand for bitcoin would increase causing interest rates to rise which would make borrowing more difficult and liquidity to dry up, compounding the already difficult conditions of the economic downturn and making people flee into bitcoin even more in a sort of self-reinforcing cycle. Not only would lending be risky in such an environment simply because the economic conditions would increase the likeliness of defaults, but in order to outpace the appreciating value of bitcoin you would need sky high interest rates, which would mean you would only want to lend to the few super well capitalized borrowers who actually wanted to borrow at those insane interest rates. So with lending and borrowing drying up, and everyone hodling, no new jobs or businesses would be created and it would consequentially be very difficult to dig out of such a depression. Obviously, these are the reasons given for why the gold standard deepened the Great Depression, and this is one of the reasons economists are skeptical of a bitcoin standard which would essentially be similar to the gold standard. 
The question is how do you increase liquidity during economic downturns, and decrease liquidity during periods of economic exuberance, in order to decrease economic volatility? The problem with leaving this to government is that government always wants more liquidity, in up and down times, and has no ability to restrain itself and doesn't want to be blamed for making things harder in the short term even though that may be healthy in the long run. This whole approach of always increasing liquidity appears to be leading us into the death spiral we find ourselves in today. What you really want is a free market mechanism that naturally increases liquidity during downturns and vice versa. 
It is interesting to note that that is precisely what happened with Maker Dai, which decreased interest rates during the crypto winter, but increased interest rates as soon as we entered the spring. This increase of liquidity was possible because of the depreciating value of ether which backs Dai. In a multi-currency world, even during an economic downturn in which people were fleeing into bitcoin, the depreciating value of other currencies relative to bitcoin would force liquidity to increase with regard to these currencies. In other words, as long as you have a plurality of currencies, some which represent risk and others which represent safety, it is inevitable that interest rates for the former would be inversely correlated to the latter. During a flight to safety, people would still have access to liquidity. This is at least the idea . . .  
I think using bitcoin as the world's reserve currency would be tremendously beneficial precisely because of the certainty and clarity it would bring to financial markets, and having a backbone to the world's monetary system---one that wasn't subject to interest rate manipulation and the inherent limitations that come with human control over such power---would provide order to the entire system. But upon the rigidity and clarity of that backbone of order, you also need the structure of a creative and flexible financial system. 


I think you can make that comparison as far as the underlying blockchains/networks go. My current view is that, in the long run, only one or a few networks shall prevail (I lean toward it being more than one, but not many) for exactly the reasons you give. New blockchains simply won't be able to compete at some point with the existing ones in terms of security, network effect, and development. For a new blockchain to bootstrap a layer two network like LN will be even more impossibly daunting. So eventually most protocol layer currencies will die, as only a few protocols will be used and the ones that aren't used will simply cease to have purpose. 
However, upon those winning networks---and by "networks" I mean the base blockchain as well as all of the second layers and side chains---you will have a plurality of currencies built on top, just like tether was built on top of bitcoin, or USD Coin was built on top of ethereum. Even Blockstream understands this which is why Liquid was built to be able issue digital assets. The proliferation of digital assets is what I am really talking about, whether we call them "currencies" or not.
All of these digital assets, or currencies, will rely upon the same infrastructure, and thus will be completely dependent on the same standard, as you put it, just like the use of VHS didn't limit us to having only one movie to view, the fact that only one or a few networks will be widely used won't limit how many assets can be built upon and utilize those networks.   


Which is why I'm somewhat concerned about Global Coin.
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:51:40


The 21st century is like a car traveling at 120mph, you won't do well driving it by simply looking two feet ahead. 
The fundamental value of bitcoin is that it allows for the *transfer of value without a trusted third party in the digital space.* This is the foundation for much of what is coming in the 21st century. Peer-to-peer digital value transference is the substance, as it were, that makes bitcoin valuable. In the digital age, that substance is more valuable than gold.  
It probably wasn't immediately obvious to early people that a lot of amazing things would be produced out of a shiny piece of metal. Today, it isn't obvious to many people that a lot of things can be created out of peer-to-peer digital value transference. Eventually, it will seem self-evident. 
Physical gold cannot do peer-to-peer digital value transference, fiat money cannot do peer-to-peer digital value transference. Nothing other than cryptocurrencies can do this. It is nearly absurd to compare gold to cryptocurrencies, it is like arguing that the internet will never be used because we already have books. 
The more relevant concern, with regard to bitcoin's value, is that it might lose out to another cryptocurrency, to something else that has this fundamental property of allowing permissionless peer-to-peer digital value transference. That is a valid question at this early stage in cryptocurrency history. 
But cryptocurrencies are networks that eventually grow into ecosystems. We already see that happening, with bitcoin and with smart contract platforms like Ethereum. What happens is that these ecosystems become dependent on certain base networks, making those networks indispensable to all the projects that are built using those networks, and all the projects that are built using the projects that are built using the base network. All of this further accelerates the network effect and the amount of software designed to operate around those networks and not others. The reason Segwit2x didn't want replay protection was because it wanted to use the software ecosystem already built around Bitcoin. The larger these ecosystems become, the more impossible it becomes for some random new cryptocurrency to develop with any hope of broad adoption. It is like the idea of creating a new internet. That, in itself is not the difficult part, it is getting all vast array of software, websites, and content that people use to migrate to the new internet that is the hard part. In the early days of the internet, a competitor might have won out. Today, nearly impossible. 
We are still sufficiently early that the question of whether Bitcoin will win out over other cryptocurrencies is a relevant one. But it won't always be a relevant question, and that is why this assumption that since cryptocurrencies have competition, they must all be worthless, is misguided. 
People banking on gold are really banking on everything falling apart. People banking on bitcoin are really banking on an even brighter future. 
@_date: 2015-08-24 04:58:41


Heh. I was just perusing those Yahoo! comments. Here's a typical one of your enlightened ones:


My god that is classic stuff. Here's another:


Yeah, I got to admit, these guys really do have a deep understanding of Bitcoin and I just can't grasp why I was so blind all this time! Here's more for your reading pleasure:














If these people represent knowledge, I'll gladly embrace ignorance.  
@_date: 2019-02-05 19:40:31
That's exactly right, which is precisely why the market began to do just that late last year and why the Fed had to back off on raising interest rates. The question is, can the market continue to sustain its bullish trend without additional money coming from the Fed? Some people believe that it can't, but on the other hand, bull markets can sustain themselves on low volume once jump started. It may very well be that the Fed was on the verge of killing the bull market with increased tightening, but by laying off on any further tightening the bull market can resume as a continued after-effect from the impact of QE years ago. 
At some point, though, it will reach exhaustion without further stimulus. At that point, the prices must collapse, and this raises the question of whether central banks are now in the permanent business of propping up the markets. The more they do this, the more their own balance sheets become dependent on high asset prices, motivating them to continue even further. And no one will want them to stop, particularly not politicians who fear the impact a downturn in the economy would have on their prospects. 2008 forced central banks to essentially rig the capital markets, it was meant to be temporary but is beginning to look like they can't get out, and if they can't, the bubble pop will be spectacular unlike anything we've seen.
And the further concern is the impact this is having on society. Hyperinflation is essentially already happening, its just isolated to the capital markets, and as the rich get richer as a consequence, while no one benefiting from it is complaining, the inequality in society is rising exponentially creating increased social unrest by a public that doesn't really understand the causes. How long can this continue?
@_date: 2015-08-28 15:06:25


Yes. The problem isn't the *digital* per se, rather the problem is trying to use credit as money. The *digital* part is relevant only in two regards: 1) that it was the demand for digital money in the information age, while simultaneously an absence of anything that could actually be used as digital money, that forced the banking system to rely on the use of credit as money instead. In short, the banking system is using credit as a substitute for digital cash. And 2) the demand for digital money caused physical cash to rapidly lose its utility and value. Since interest rates reflect the cost of borrowing money this number goes near zero naturally as people no longer have a need for cash. 
It is  that differs from your hypothetical scenario in which the dollar, the base money, backs the commercial bank issued banknotes or credit. In that scenario, the dollar retains its utility, value, and desirability, because it essentially shares all the same characteristics as the paper notes being printed by the commercial banks. The analogy might be stronger if you had gold backing those banknotes. Regardless, in the situation we are facing with the digitization of the banking system involves the rapid loss of value from the money base and the increased use of credit as money. The system is in desperate need of, essentially, digital cash.  
@_date: 2018-06-16 22:07:16
That's not what the graph shows. If people are simply buying bitcoin on Coinbase and letting it sit there, that's clearly just a "speculative investment tool," as you put it, but the graph is demonstrating that people are using bitcoin in order to purchase other altcoins.
In other words, in order to purchase the items people actually want---which in this case are a variety of altcoins---they must use bitcoin as a currency in order to purchase those items. Yes, it's being used as a currency to buy other speculative investments, but that's irrelevant. It is being used to buy stuff, it's being used as a currency, and that someone is buying Dash with it as opposed to a Starbucks coffee is irrelevant, we don't define something as a currency based on what people buy with it, only that people use it to buy stuff.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:55:33
Raising the block size would likely end the civil war. It almost certainly would cause an exodus from Bitcoin Cash and a massive increase in confidence in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-03 16:42:30
My reading is that most bitcoin cash supporters do not actually support 2x long term, but many -- and this is very explicitly stated if you read the r/btc comments -- are of the opinion that 2x, if sufficiently supported, has the power to, at minimum, undermine bitcoin (which, in turn, will promote bitcoin cash), and potentially could displace the Core developers, toward whom most bitcoin cash supporters are hostile. 
@_date: 2015-08-27 19:15:57
Modern money can't sustain a digital existence. That is what is happening here. 
The modern monetary system was designed for a world where cash was/is the primary form of money. When money was cash, banks needed to lure in customers to deposit their cash in the bank. They needed customers to give them money so that they would have money to lend. Since they needed cash, they paid people to lend them cash. People loaned the bank cash, and the bank paid *interest* on that cash. A bank was essentially an institution that borrowed a lot of money and then used that money to make the money with which they could repay their lenders (you and me). 
Now banks didn't just borrow cash from you and me, they also borrowed cash from the central bank, the institution that owns and controls cash and has the sole legal authority to create it. The central bank created cash and lent it to commercial banks who paid interest on this loan. So any interest rate that the commercial banks were willing to pay you or me for lending them cash had to be lower than the interest rate the central bank was charging them, otherwise why bother? In other words, they preferred to borrow from you or me because it was cheaper than borrowing from the central bank. But if they ever failed to find enough people to borrow cash from, they could always fall back and borrow from the central bank who had infinite cash. This gave central banks the power to control the maximum interest rate anyone would be willing to pay for cash since they could always get it from the central bank cheaper otherwise. In short, it allowed central banks to control interest rates! 
But the rules changed when everyone began to use digital money rather than cash. Most importantly, when cash withdraws and deposits became rare. This is because digital money is really just bank credit, a promise to pay cash upon demand. The system always had this, bank credit was simply the amount the bank owed you when you lent them money. But the situation was different now that this bank credit was being used as the primary form of money in society. Cash can't be used to buy stuff from Amazon, we needed digital money, but there wasn't any. So we started using these IOUs that banks can create on demand as money. Unlike cash, which they needed to borrow from you and me or the central bank in order to acquire, bank credit is infinite and free, they just type it into the computer. 
In other words, they didn't really need cash anymore, which means they didn't need your deposits. Why on earth should they pay you interest to borrow money that they can conjure into existence anytime they want? They don't need you to save with them anymore, all they need is for you to borrow. 
As far as the financial system is concerned, the only real purpose of cash is to back central bank credit, similar to the way gold used to back cash. Because central banks have a monopoly on cash creation, they still in principle control the system as long as commercial banks need/want cash. But as cash ceases to be meaningful as money, central banks lose their power to set interest rates. Of course they can raise interest rates -- which, again, really just means they raise the cost to borrow cash from them -- but what impact will it have if the commercial banks have no need to borrow their money? In short, central banks are selling a product that is no longer in high demand, that is why interest rates are so low. 
People suggest the Fed can't raise interest rates because it would pop the bubble. I am suggesting that the Fed can't raise interest rates because the demand for cash (and central bank reserves) is low. Furthermore, reserves are primarily used at this point for transferring money between banks, which can be achieved in other ways if necessary, while reserve requirements have largely become meaningless as the threat of large cash withdraws have disappeared. There is still demand for central bank money, but not much. 
So you have this situation where banks no longer care about cash and central bank credit that much and therefore they get no benefit from people saving money with them, they only benefit when people borrow from them. Furthermore, they have very little need to borrow heavily form the central bank. Interest rates become meaningless in this environment because interest rates indicate the cost of buying central bank money. 
What happens is that banks end up lending constantly until everyone is so massively in debt that no one can continue taking loans anymore. (It is the problem that happened in Greece, people don't realize it is happening everywhere.) At that moment, deflation kicks in and the money supply contracts as people repay their loans and desist from borrowing. Since bank credit is only created when banks are paying for something, namely the loan, it is also destroyed when people repay that loan. But this shrinkage of the money supply drives up the real value of debt, increasing the probability that people will default on their loans. Since the banking and financial system is built around financial assets and debt this could bring down the whole house of cards.  
So you have this situation where central banks, who can no longer meaningfully use interest rates to control money creation, are directly "printing" the money themselves and flooding the market with it in order to combat the deflation that was the inevitable result of too much lending which resulted from money being free for banks which was the result of the digitization of money. And since the banks are no longer paying you to keep your money safe, if you don't do something with your money it will slowly disappear due to the inflation that is being caused by the central banks money "printing." This pushes people into the market in order to preserve their wealth which is guaranteed to go up because the central bank is guaranteeing that it will go up! 
Furthermore, because banks' only priority is to lend money it becomes excessively easy to borrow money from them to speculate on the market. So despite the fact that people are over-leveraged and the natural scenario is deflationary, the central banks are guaranteeing that the markets are going up and therefore, while there may not be any reason to borrow money for actual economic activity, there is motive to borrow in order to speculate. And how can you lose when it isn't just the central bank that is driving the market up, but the fact that everyone is putting their retirements there because it is no longer wise to just let your money rest in a bank account! This influence of the banking system to encourage lending and speculation and to discourage saving is further made worst by economic theories that are convinced saving is bad. They came out of another era and don't seem to understand the monetary system, so you get supposedly liberal economists championing the policies of the central bank for the sole reason that it is "stimulus", despite the fact that this stimulus makes the rich richer and the poor poorer which is supposed to be the polar opposite of what liberals believe. We have a massive speculative bubble that isn't really reflecting the real activity of the underlying economy.
This bubble is causing a massive growing income disparity between those who can afford to have money in the markets and those who can't, where actual economic activity and work aren't determining wealth creation anymore, just who has more money in the markets. And because everyone is putting their life savings into this monster, it can't ever be allowed to collapse without putting the whole society in danger. The end result is that the market has become unhinged from anything real and the central bank's sole job is to prop it up. It's a nightmare. 
Yet ultimately this is all due, I think, to the fact that the banking system was designed to work in another era. The economy has switched to digital money without actually using digital money.
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:50:34
It really doesn't matter how they set prices, the important point is that they can. And precisely because they can, and as long as they can, larger blocks will always be more profitable for them. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:25:46
What do you consider "reasonable?" 
The point is that miners will never allow the fees to drop below what the majority of users think is reasonable, what the majority are comfortably willing to pay. They could be considerably cheaper than they are today, but they will likely never be dirt cheap again on bitcoin, regardless of what the block size is. 
Because of this, 2nd layer networks will always be competitive with on-chain use. It makes no difference whether the block size is kept small or not, eventually most users seeking cheap fees will move off-chain. 
@_date: 2017-11-13 05:06:37
This is the forum post that started it in 2013:
@_date: 2017-11-10 08:28:58
What you call "propaganda campaign," I call, "the Bitcoin community."  
@_date: 2015-08-20 14:45:28
It must sting realizing you don't share the same politics as Satoshi. But everyone knew that eventually more mainstream people would wrestle control over bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-08-24 04:12:55
The hottest news story right now is bar none the fact that the Bitcoin community is beginning to realize that we have invented **democratic** money. It's fucking mind blowing. 
But, yeah, you probably just want to write about Karpeles. He never gets old.
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:15:35
We can and will have both. The problem is that the base layer can't do both well, it must prioritize one or the other. But fortunately you aren't confined to a base layer, 2nd layers can address the payments/cheap transactions problem, and so after a long civil war it was concluded that because we can fix payments through 2nd layers -- but cannot fix security/trust through 2nd layers -- it is better to let the base layer prioritize security (i.e., trust/digital gold) and the 2nd layers to prioritize cheap transactions. But because 2nd layers are only in the process of being built, it was a hard sell, and you still have people who continue to mistakenly believe bitcoin somehow abandoned cheap transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-01 06:30:23
There has never been as dangerous an attack against the Bitcoin network as the S2X movement. Anyone who supports it is, by definition, an extremist. 
I have always advocated compromise as a path forward to heal the civil war and keep Bitcoin unified. But S2X has absolutely nothing to do with that, it is the most divisive moment in Bitcoin history. It isn't a compromise, it is an attack and effort to destroy Bitcoin, nothing less, in my honest opinion. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:13:36
That's a lot of money if you are trying to pay someone 10 cents. 
@_date: 2019-06-26 18:26:30
Throughout history, rulers would debase precious metal money by simply mixing non-precious metals into the coin. The effect was more or less identical to money printing. You can't print gold the metal, per se, but gold as a form of money was fairly consistently debased. Gold is a metal, a commodity, out of which it is possible to make a money, but in and of itself it is not money. As soon as gold is used as money, if history is any guide, it is subject to debasement.
@_date: 2015-08-02 15:43:28
It is important to understand that units of a settlement network represent money, they are money. If settlement is achieved, then those units represent a monetary base. In our existing system, cash and central bank credit represent this base layer of money and, as such, the settlement layer. 
On the other hand, saying something is a payment network simply means it's units represent credit -- i.e, temporary placeholders for money. So when you send someone money using a credit card, the reason it happens so quickly is because the network is promising to settle later. That isn't to say that credit units don't have value, just that their value derives from the fact that, ultimately, they can be exchanged for more trustworthy forms of value.
So the goal of a payment network is really to provide utility. If the utility fails, people move to another payment network. The goal of a settlement networks, on the other hand, is provide confidence/trust. If confidence fails, the currency collapses.
In the current financial system, central banks represent the settlement layer, whereas companies like Visa represent payment network layers. No one really cares that Visa is a company, its power centralized, because its role is to provide utility. But that central banks -- also centralized institutions -- control the settlement layer, i.e., control base money, is deeply troubling to many people because the role of the settlement layer is to provide confidence and trust (and it is becoming increasingly hard to trust a tiny handful of unelected people). 
Some people think the success of Bitcoin is going to come from its utility and they tend to favor increasing the block size. The problem is that in increasing that utility, you are also weakening the settlement layer of Bitcoin by increasing mining centralization and eroding trust. They don't see a problem because they are thinking of Bitcoin solely in terms of utility, like Visa. 
But if Bitcoin is going to become a global money, then its settlement layer is far more important than its utility, assuming utility functions -- like the number of transactions the network can handle -- can be handled/processed by third parties. In the same way Visa doesn't erode confidence in the dollar simply because it is a third party company independent of central banks and governments, companies that provide more utility to the Bitcoin network won't erode confidence in it either. All that is important for confidence is the base money, the settlement layer, in the same way that confidence in fiat currencies depends on confidence in government and central banks. We don't expect governments and central banks to provide the utility of payment networks, just to provide confidence and trust that gives the underlying currency value. 
Bitcoin's power is really going to come from confidence in the network, specifically in its decentralized nature. I know many people have begun to question how important decentralization is, but they don't tend to impress me as really understanding how essential trust is to money, they take it for granted. (Or they don't think the goal of Bitcoin should be to be a money.)
Without decentralization, for a money to retain value the central authority controlling that money must be trusted, which is precisely why all money today is (at least theoretically) controlled by the state (governments are the institutional power we trust most). A currency whose trust foundation is not dependent on a human institution, however, is intrinsically more trustworthy than even the state. Nevertheless, if decentralization fails and centralization occurs, then Bitcoin becomes vulnerable as those centralized powers can be easily targeted. If it becomes vulnerable, confidence erodes and people return to wanting state-run money, perhaps now in the form of Fed-coin. 
As faith in central banks and institutional/human controlled money wanes and fades in the 21st century, I believe block chains are going to replace central banks. But cryptocurrencies that are controlled by an institution -- whose code can be changed by dictate because mining is over centralized -- will suffer the same loss of confidence that central banks face. The 21st century is the century of decentralized power, not of top-down institutional power of the 20th century model. 
Bitcoin cannot succeed on the basis of utility alone for the simple reason that that utility can be replicated by other institutions. Its success depends on its ability to do what even imitation coins cannot. Fedcoin, IMFcoin, whatever institution you like can ultimately make a Bitcoin replacement with all the same utility. What they can't make is a coin that gets its trust layer from no institution. 
Put simply, if Bitcoin isn't decentralized, then it will be replaced by a centralized cryptocurrency whose central authority we trust (more than whoever is running Bitcoin). If it is decentralized then the financial system is slowly going to migrate to it because it is inherently more trustworthy as a settlement layer.  
The reason Bitcoin succeeds is not because of utility alone. The reason Bitcoin succeeds is because the settlement layer, the foundation of money, cannot be replicated by institutional power, and that is for the simple reason that Bitcoin is post-institutional. It is not controlled by any power, it is decentralized, and this makes it inherently more trustworthy. So its deep value comes from this decentralization, and it is this decentralization that ultimately makes it competitive and potentially the foundation for a new global financial system!
 Every effort should be being made into increasing this decentralization . . . instead we are doing just the opposite. 
@_date: 2019-06-20 18:52:55
When I see all of the up votes to this post, I realize how little most people understand the monetary system.
@_date: 2019-06-20 18:33:19


And yet today we find ourselves in the opposite situation, the markets want bad GDP numbers and less growth so as to force the Fed to "stimulate" and pump the markets with more money. 
The flip side is that half of the Fed's balance sheet---the collection of assets backing the US dollar---consists of mortgage backed securities. These securities were purchased by the Fed as part of QE. But the whole reason that these MBSs retained their value was because the Fed was buying them. 
It is a bit like the claims that Tether is propping up the bitcoin market because it is using bitcoin to back tether. The claim is that they print tether to buy bitcoin to back the tether, but the problem is that if bitcoin collapses in value Tether will too, which forces them into a vicious cycle where they have to keep printing tether to inflate the price of bitcoin so that tether maintains its value. (For the record, I don't have any reason to believe these conspiracies are correct.)  
The Fed played a similar game, in order to save the economy they bought up the toxic assets in order to inflate the value of those assets and drove up the value of every other type of capital asset, but the consequence of that is that they require the markets to remain inflated or else the US dollar will lose value because it is still being backed by those inflated assets. Its the same problem as the hypothetical Tether situation where tether requires a high bitcoin price in order to retain its value, the Fed requires an inflated market for the dollar to retain its value. 
The "low inflation" we are currently experiencing in consumer goods is due to inflated asset prices because the high prices of assets drives up the value of the Fed's balance sheet and consequently the value of the dollar. But if the bubble were to pop, the inflation currently taking place in the capital markets would spread to the rest of the economy as the dollar collapsed in value along with the markets. And while no one minds if their retirement account goes up 6x, imagine if consumers goods went up by the same amount at the same time we were heading into a deep recession from the market collapse?
So the Fed can't afford at this point to let markets correct, but the higher the markets go, the more stimulus they need to keep going up, or even to maintain their current value. But they can't exactly come out and say this, it would create a panic. So instead they need a reason to justify more stimulus, and that is ironically a poor economy.
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:30:55


Yes. I think saying Bitcoin is *in* a bubble -- as it has been many times before -- is very different than saying Bitcoin *is* a bubble. Hype cycles are actually quite natural/normal to Bitcoin's growth. But saying that Bitcoin is itself a bubble is really suggesting that there is nothing of underlying value driving the price. The former is saying Bitcoin is getting a bit ahead of itself, the latter is saying that the entire thing is nothing more than a mania that will eventually collapse to zero. 
@_date: 2015-08-21 15:54:27


This is so true, very well said. The fiat system wasn't even theoretically capable of adopting the model used by Bitcoin because money had very finite divisibility. And, in the pre-digital age, there was no way for people to instantly know real-time adjustments in value per unit. Consequently, this system of each unit having a constant value is the only system anyone has ever known, making it natural that people would assume there is a flaw in the new system used by Bitcoin where the value of the unit adjusts while the supply remains constant.
Incidentally, it is precisely because Bitcoin can function as a speculative asset that adoption occurs, naturally, over time without the need for the token to be backed by some other asset or without the need for the government to mandate its use.
That is, the traditional way of creating the network effect for a new currency was either to A) back that currency with a more cumbersome, but more reliable, money, or B) mandate the use of the currency by law. 
In the case of A, users benefiting from the advantage of using paper notes, for example, could also exchange those paper notes at any time for the amount of gold indicated on the note. They gain the convenience of paper, but the reliability of gold, which at the time was considered real money, and this caused more and more people to use paper instead of gold. 
In the case of B, government used laws to force the population into using a currency, thus bypassing the need to back the currency with anything in order to sustain the network effect. You no longer needed to know that your paper could be exchanged for real money, because the government in effect made the paper itself the only real money.  
But with Bitcoin, precisely because the supply is fixed and the demand is met by increases in value, neither solution A nor B is required to achieve the network effect over time. People call this a pyramid scheme, I say, "Welcome to money."
@_date: 2019-06-08 19:36:29


QE is far more than simply the Fed buying Treasuries in mass quantities. After all, that was already how the Fed set interest rates prior to 2008, through the buying and selling of short-term Treasury bonds. 
Why QE was so controversial was because the Fed was given the power, by congress, to print money in order to purchase *non-governmental* bonds, i.e., private sector debt. This represented a tremendous change from the historic role of the central bank and allowed it to manipulate capital markets in ways it was never meant to. 
The reason people often say that QE was a program to buy government bonds on a massive scale is because in addition to allowing the central bank to buy private sector assets, QE also gave the Fed the power to buy long-term government bonds in order to influence interest rates further out on the yield curve. But focusing on this aspect of QE kind of misses the more important motive of QE, which was to bail out the commercial banks.
The main goal of the Fed using QE was to buy the toxic assets---the mortgage backed securities---that led to the insolvency of the commercial banks. Since the Fed could not legally buy this private sector junk they had to go to congress in order to change the law. It is interesting to consider why historically it was illegal for the Fed to have this power, but that is another topic. The bottom line is that the government bailout of the banks was extremely unpopular, and yet the banking system required much more than the US government provided. Consequently, the government turned to the Fed to bail out the banks silently, without public scrutiny, but the only way to allow them to do that was to give them extra powers which resulted in QE.
These extra powers, QE, allowed the Fed to manipulate the capital markets, primarily through the massive purchasing of private sector debt in order to artificially inflate the value of all the junk everyone was running away from and thereby bail out the banks who were holding all of that debt. The end result of this was that there was a massive influx of liquidity into the capital markets more broadly and a resulting explosion in the stock market. 
This is why we had the greatest bull market in stock market history during one of the worse economic periods of US history. It makes no sense on the face of it, and that should be a warning of sorts, and yet the impact of this massive market manipulation persists today. The market has become so dependent on the Fed's manipulation, that in some sense how well it does has become unhinged from the real economy. Today, bad jobs reports means the market rallies, because a weak economy means the Fed will have to inject more liquidity. Tariffs mean the stock market goes up because a weak economy means the Fed will have no choice but to inject more liquidity. Federal investigations into big tech companies means the stock market goes up because a weaker economy is good for the stock market. Etc. And, conversely, when the Fed was attempting to raise interest rates, which traditionally is an indication of confidence in the broader economy, the stock market flattened and eventually began to keel over leading to the panic we saw in December. This only reversed course when the Fed caved and indicated to the market that it was going to cease tightening. 
So you have this situation where the stock market has become unhinged from the real economy, and the Fed has no ability to tighten monetary policy without crashing the markets.  
2008 was caused by an excess of lending that caused malinvestment and mortgage backed securities to become overvalued, but QE and low interest rates may have, in a sense, doubled down on the conditions that gave rise to 2008 and now there appears to be no way to reverse course, like a car without breaks turning onto the on ramp of a freeway.
@_date: 2017-11-14 03:07:09


Which would you rather own, Masa, the restaurant in New York City which charges ~$500 per meal? Or McDonald's, the international corporation which charges ~$7 per meal? Surely Masa is the better choice, the meals are so much more expensive!
The price of a product  alone does not tell you how profitable the seller of that product is. You must also know *how much of the product they are actually managing to sell.*
Right now the miners selling their product -- block inclusion -- at a very high price. But they aren't selling much of their product because the network limits them to currently slightly above 1 mb of data inclusion per block. Theoretically, they could make much more money by selling to more customers at cheaper fees. 
The critical thing that many people failed to anticipate is that miners have the ability to set the price floor for transactions through the use of spam. Because miners are the ones that collect fees, collectively they can spam the network for free. This means that in a variety of ways -- through collusion or based on their relative hash weight -- they can, will, and likely do use spam to set the base price for transactions. The more centralized mining becomes, the more power miners have to manipulate prices in this way. If miners want .0001 bitcoin to be the minimum price people must pay the network to get their transactions included, they simply spam the network with transactions that include that fee. Anyone who actually wants to get confirmed, then, must include a fee higher than .0001 btc. 
This is a game changer, because what it means is that no matter what the block size, even if there is unlimited supply, miners can control the minimum fee. In the absence of such power, excessively large block sizes would actually hurt profits because users would simply pay the absolute minimum fee, which is likely well below what they are actually  willing to pay. But now, with spam, miners have a tool to raise that fee substantially, up to whatever price they can get away with before they begin to lose too many customers.
It is precisely because they have that tool, that the blocksize limit hurts their potential profits so much. The maximum profits that miners can realize is the most customers at the highest fee they can get away with. And, with spam, they have the means for setting this price. But the tool is rendered useless because they can't get more customers than the block size/weight limits them to. Setting the minimum price is only meaningful if the price is not already being set higher than that minimum through the free market due to scarcity of supply. And at some point, the high prices will drive too many customers away to justify attempting to artificially press it higher. 
Let's go back to our restaurant analogy. The reason McDonalds is so profitable is because they reach so many customers. They have to keep prices cheap in order to maximize the number of customers and their profits, but if they had no way of controlling the prices and unlimited supply meant they were selling each meal for a penny, they would go quickly out of business. It is critical that they have the ability to set the price they charge their food for. 
Likewise, without the ability to set the minimum price for transaction fees, large block sizes and unlimited supply would dramatically hurt miners. And that is essentially the condition miners face as long as they are decentralized and do not have the power to spam the network. But once mining becomes sufficiently centralized and they do acquire the power to set the base price, they find themselves in the position of a business like McDonalds. 
Only, unlike McDonalds, they are not being allowed to reach as many customers as possible due to the block size limit. It is as if McDonalds were legally limited to 5 restaurants and no more. To match their current revenue, they would have to charge astronomically higher prices per meal, and those high prices would drive away customers and likely ruin their empire. 
So this is why, in my view, miners so desperately want greater supply of block space. And, unless you take away their ability to spam the network and therefore set minimum prices for fees, they will always want larger block sizes.   
All in all, once mining becomes centralized and thereby acquires the power to manipulate the fee market through spam, small block sizes hurt their potential profits. 
Mining centralization leads to cartel like behavior, collaboration between miners, and large miners with the power to influence the network on their own. With that kind of power they can spam the network, essentially for free, and thereby set the minimum price customers must pay to have their transactions confirmed. Once they can determine the base price, excessive supply no longer threatens to hurt their profits due to excessively low fees and miners will consequently seek to increase the supply in order to maximize the number of customers they serve. In a decentralized mining environment, large block sizes hurt the profits of miners because fees tend to be lower than what customers are actually willing to pay. However, in a centralized mining environment, small block sizes hurt the profits of miners. 
 
@_date: 2019-02-11 16:03:29


Except, several countries did do that when they joined the eurozone. 
@_date: 2015-08-24 05:24:32
Has nothing to do with the Fed. There is currently an election happening to determine the future of bitcoin, this is the first really big election of this type and the community isn't even sure if it is a good or bad thing, or what it means for the future, the security implications, the health of the system, the state of the community, etc. It is so controversial that merely talking about it can get you banned from this forum. It is very scary and very exciting at the same time. It is the real story that is happening in Bitcoin right now.  
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:42:35
When we talk about the velocity of money, the reasons this is important, traditionally, is because the spending of money is indicative of economic activity. If everyone simply put their money in the bank and ceased to use it, all economic activity would grind to a halt. One of the reasons central banks try to maintain a steady rate of inflation is because it encourages people to spend their money on other investments that drive more economic activity, rather than simply shoving their money under the mattress where it does nothing. 
But Bitcoin is a different story. Bitcoin *is* an economic investment in itself, it is driving the growth of the crypto-economy. Bitcoin is a network, not simply a currency, and it is a network that is at the center of this entire new industry. Bitcoin is, in effect, a kind of decentralized company, a decentralized central bank, and holding bitcoin is an investment in it as a project. The higher the price, the more adoption, the more people who want bitcoin and consequently the more people who accept bitcoin as payment. The higher the price, the more entrepreneurs are attracted to the space and the larger the broader crypto-ecosystem grows along with innovation.
When people say, "bitcoin isn't being used," generally what they mean is that people aren't using bitcoin to purchase the things we traditionally use fiat currency for -- cars, televisions, groceries, restaurants, etc. But actually, those things aren't important to growing the crypto-economy, and therefore greater bitcoin spending on the traditional economy doesn't directly encourage Bitcoin's growth.  
It is true that in a roundabout way, encouraging people to accept bitcoin can, in theory, increase adoption by familiarizing people to it. But adoption is most encouraged from people wanting to actually hold bitcoin. It is the wanting to hold that increases bitcoin's value as money. Every person who wants bitcoin is a person who accepts bitcoin as a means of payment as well as someone who is increasing demand for it. Within the crypto space, bitcoin is universally accepted as a means of payment (this can't be said for all cryptos), which means that it is already functioning as money. 
But if a company like Newegg accepts bitcoin payments, yet immediately converts that bitcoin into fiat, they aren't actually increasing demand for bitcoin, they are simply providing you an easy way to dump your bitcoin on an exchange, putting downward pressure on the price. What is essential isn't the acceptance of bitcoin or the use of bitcoin, what is essentially is people wanting bitcoin. When people want it, people who have it can spend it. 
And despite the fact that people continuously suggest bitcoin isn't being used, the reality is that people are spending millions of dollars worth of bitcoin every day, mostly on buying other cryptos or buying into new crypto projects. Many people, for some reason, don't think this counts. Yet the reality is that this kind of trade not only increases the liquidity of bitcoin, which makes it more valuable as money, but is precisely the type of money velocity which is funding new projects that add value to the overall cryptoeconomy. This is actually exactly the kind of economic activity you want to see, you want bitcoin being spent primarily on crypto related projects, because despite what many  think, it is actually the overall crypto economy which is most suited in driving bitcoins use as money, as a reserve currency for this growing new financial ecosystem, and as a unit of account as increasingly crypto and crypto related projects are denominated in bitcoin rather than fiat. 
 
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:24:20


Huge blocksize leads to various network problems due primarily to the time it takes to propagate blocks which ultimately undermine decentralization and thus leads to an insecure network that is easily captured, censored, or taken down entirely, which undermines trust in the network and weakens its properties as a store of value. Such undermining of trust dampens investment, lowers the marketcap, removes liquidity, and de-incentivizes further growth of the ecosystem.  
@_date: 2017-11-23 15:05:26


@_date: 2017-11-21 03:59:25
Mt Gox deja vu . . . big time. Just as everyone was closing in and demanding an audit . . . "oops! We just got hacked!!!!" Yeah . . . right. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 19:38:12
Mark Karpeles is either a genius the likes rarely seen . . . or an idiot of equal rarity. It seems everything he does leaves us completely puzzled, "Is he really really smart? Or just really really dumb?" That alone should give us pause.
@_date: 2015-08-20 14:39:05


You could say the same thing about big blockers. They want to increase mining centralization, making it more difficult to small players to mine bitcoin and thus giving more power over bitcoin to corporate interests -- the kinds of powers that will be able to profitably mine -- who will thus control all future forks. Is that what most users want? I'm assuming no, in which case it means that big blockers are assuming that users don't know what they want and that they, our future wise masters, should take care for the rest of us our own good. 
This whole idea of giving bitcoin over to corporate interests in the name of making it easier to use ... it's just disgusting. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 03:50:25
Credit will, for better or worse, be huge in crypto. It will be much more profound than the simple convenience of modern credit cards. But we are a long way from that, although to an extent the ICO phenomena represents the pre-game show. Basically, at this stage the base networks -- i.e., the monetary networks that represent real money as opposed to credit -- are still being worked out, and there is a lot that has to happen, a lot of things that have to come together, before we get robust credit networks. 
@_date: 2019-06-20 18:56:32
You must not remember what it was like in January, saying that the bottom was in was a very bold statement, most people thought there was a very high probability that we would continue even lower.
@_date: 2017-11-12 15:51:13
The main concern of the broader public with regard to cryptocurrencies isn't the tech. As far as the public is concerned, the tech -- the "blockchain" -- is amazing. The concern is over whether non-government backed currency can even work. That is really the question the general public is asking with regard to bitcoin.
Money requires confidence, which is precisely one reason why government backing is considered by so many to be essential, because without that guarantee, they reason, there is no assurance that money won't just collapse. The reasons why monies collapse isn't important, it is the possibility of them doing so that makes people weary, and society attempts to minimize that fear by pegging money to that which the public is most confident will survive, which tends to be the state.   
Bitcoin is the only cryptocurrency the general public is aware of, it is the experiment that needs to prove itself before the public even begins to consider other cryptocurrencies. 
If Bitcoin were to collapse, even if for technological reasons that other cryptocurrencies promise to fix, the public would abandon the idea of cryptocurrency in general because they would be seen as too risky to be used as money. A promise to fix the technological constraints of bitcoin would not reassure the public because the public won't identify the problem as having been its technological drawbacks, but rather the public will conclude that there is intrinsic danger in the very principle of having a money that is not backed/guaranteed by the state. Any future cryptocurrency that intends to succeed, from that point forward, will need to be guaranteed by the state.
This is why bitcoin is the vanguard of this entire movement, and why it must focus so intently on security and trust, while providing cover for the altcoins which are free to explore innovation as long as bitcoin continues to survive and gain public confidence.  
@_date: 2019-06-20 17:50:26
You need to dump that advisor. . . like yesterday.
@_date: 2015-07-03 06:06:53


I think the idea being communicated is that fundamentally, in this view, money is debt. It is a societal IOU for the original labor that it was meant to represent. When you hold a dollar in your hand, you are holding a note that indicates that society owes you one dollar worth of labor, that is, society is indebted to you. On the other hand, that dollar represents a financial asset for you, in the same way a mortgage is a financial asset for the bank, since now you are owed. 
So in his view, money is debt. It is a special kind of debt, perhaps, in that all of society is indebted to this particular financial asset (whereas with the mortgage, only the home owner is indebted to it). So just like with any form of debt, there can be default. That is, in a sense, what inflation is -- the gradual defaulting on the original labor due. 
It is interesting to consider the possibility that bitcoin isn't really this type of money. That is to say, it isn't a financial asset in the sense of being debt born out of an IOU social contract. It isn't a financial asset, it is a digital hard asset (and perhaps the first of its kind). Hard assets are things like a house or gold. Their value doesn't depend on the promise of someone to pay. The value of a mortgage lies in the promise to pay from the home owner. The value of a Treasury Bond lies in the promise of the government to pay in the future. These are financial assets, and their value derives from someone's promise to pay (i.e., debt). But if you own a house, its value is intrinsic to the house itself, in a sense. 
This is why so many people focus on the perceived lack of intrinsic value in bitcoin, and why many are starting to realize that the "intrinsic" value lies in its use as a secure distributed ledger. Should that ledger become widely used, then the units that make the ledger work take on intrinsic value. It is, perhaps, the foundation for a different paradigm than the debt-based one of the past.
 
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:45:51
I don't disagree with you. But scaling, believe it or not, is not actually the pressing issue now. The pressing issue is having huge miners who are actively hostile toward Bitcoin and the development plans. No amount of scaling is going to solve that.
It is likely that if these miners were not hostile toward the network, and actively trying to promote their proprietary alternative network, the network fees would be substantially lower. These miners are probably pushing up the fees because not only does it bring in more money, but it also encourages users to move to BCH. It also places pressure on the Core developers to increase the block weight limit. So spamming the network is win win win for these miners. The existence of BCH completely undermines the theory that miners will always do what is best for the network, because if they are actively trying to discourage the use of the network in order to encourage the use of BCH, their priority is no longer what is best for Bitcoin, if it ever was.
If the miners were not hostile, and the fees more within reason, it still would remain true that eventually the fees would rise beyond what is acceptable as user adoption increases. But with 2nd layer solutions on the horizon, and segwit adoption increasing, by the time naturally occurring high fees threatened the network, solutions would be in place.
The problem is the high fees are not occurring naturally, and so solutions that assume fees will rise strictly according to adoption rates are off schedule. The missing part of the calculus was the hostile miners, which is a problem that goes beyond just the scaling issue. Whatever is to be done, this is the problem that needs to be addressed.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:58:28
Roger Ver . . . is that you?
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:53:59
Anyone attempting to use the blockchain primarily as a payment network is going to lose to chains that have advanced payment networks built on top. Blockchains aren't good as payment networks, they are too expensive, too slow, and don't scale well. Its best hope is that it becomes popular enough prior to the industry becoming aware of the superiority of 2nd layer payments networks, so that it can stay relevant by introducing similar layers into its own network. It is possible that years from now people won't even remember why BCH exists or how in its early days it sold itself as a superior payment network.
2nd layer payment networks will make transactions zero confirmation and virtually free. For IOT, payment networks like Lightning will likely be free (which is something IOTA fans need to be aware of). They also preserve the trustless nature of the blockchain, meaning you still don't have to trust any third parties. They will be simply vastly superior to anything a blockchain can do purely as a payment network. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:39:05
Money that you printed. So generous!
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:19:51
And Bitcoin is focusing on security on the base layer rather than trying to push every technological innovation under the sun into it -- all of which can be done on other layers -- which means that in the long run, Bitcoin offers the advantage of security and trust that other blockchains will lack. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:55:16
Thanks for sharing this Brian. It is helpful to hear your impressions of the contrasting conferences. There is absolutely no doubt that Ethereum is huge and an essential part of the future of crypto. But perhaps we shouldn't be comparing tanks to airplanes.
Bitcoin is building from the foundation of prioritizing confidence and certainty -- these are **huge** concepts when we are talking about money. Ethereum, on the other hand, is building from the foundation of technological innovation. Technological innovation is easy to pump and easy to get excited about. Security and reliability less so. Yet human beings value the latter just as much as they value the former, even if they do so more quietly. 
Bitcoin is more conservative than Ethereum, exemplified by the sentiment of the Core devs and the differences in the conferences. But this doesn't mean it doesn't intend to innovate, anymore than Ethereum doesn't intend to value security. It is a matter of priority, neither is better than the other, both systems seem necessary in the space (like comparing Windows to Linux).
The ICO boom is the orgasm following the realization of the power of smart contracts. But we have decades before this power really begins to blossom and it is inevitable that Bitcoin will participate in that unfoldment, albeit probably in full gear only after the ICO bubble collapses and a certain degree of fear and responsibility moves back into the space. That caution will likely cause Bitcoin to appear more attractive as a platform. RSK needs to be live and seen to have long legs before any genuine excitement about developing on it can take hold.    
It is going to be essential that software patches are possible. Software is too buggy for absolute immutability, as the recent Parity hack shows. But if the base blockchain lacks immutability, that too can threaten confidence and trust in the underlying currency. Modularity offers the possibility of portions of the network updating or rolling back code while leaving the rest of the ecosystem unaffected. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:13:38
As I wrote above in response to another comment, when we think about what drives the real market value of fees, what people often don't realize is that the fee pressure doesn't just come from excessive demand out weighing capped supply, it also comes from the fact that miners have the power to set minimum fees through the spam mechanism. Since fake transactions initiated by miners have no cost because they recoup the fees when they mine the blocks, spam can allow the mining community to collectively decide what the minimum fee should be. I suspect this kind of price setting is already being done, but even if it isn't, eventually it will be because it is in the design of the system.
What does this mean? What this means is that fees will always gravitate to the real market value. What is the real market value? It is the highest price possible that doesn't drive away too many customers. 
For example, the real market value of, say, sugar, is the highest price the market can charge before the number of customers switching to sugar alternatives like corn syrup begins to hurt profits. The same applies to bitcoin transaction fees. 
A lot of people don't understand this and think that the inherent market value of a transaction is 1sat/byte, and that the only reason fees are higher is because of limited block space. 
But the reality is that even if block space were larger, miners have the power to set the minimum fee because, collectively, they can create unlimited fake transactions (at no cost to them) set at whatever fee they want set as the floor. Anyone who wants their transactions confirmed must, then, set a price above the fee of these spam transactions. 
Collectively miners have the power to set the minimum fee. The minimum fee they will choose is the highest price they can get away with without driving away too many users (unless they are intentionally trying to drive users to another network). 
The only scenario where limited block size drives up fees is when the number of legitimate transactions exceed the amount the block can handle and then users have to compete over the same block space. If, the competition between users drives the average fee *above the floor set by the miners,* then and only then do you have expensive fees due to small blocks. 
But the point is, you are never really going to get super cheap fees on Bitcoin's main chain, no matter how large the blocks. It will only be through off-chain networks like Lightning that we will see dramatic decreases in fees. 
  
@_date: 2017-11-19 19:26:44
"Idiots?" Look, everyone makes mistakes. The chances of doing so increases the less experience you have, but it is precisely experiences like the one you just had that provides the battle scars and real experience that develops financial wisdom as long as you reflect upon and learn from them. I think it is fairly safe to say that you won't find many people in this space who don't regret some decision they made.
And, the obvious answer to your question -- "if your whole lives are invested in this thing, why aren't there more idiots like me around?" -- is that we are currently in a massive bull market. The more money you have in bitcoin, the better you are doing. But this won't last forever, and your question will likely be better asked in a bear market, precisely when it's those who are heavily invested in bitcoin that are being crushed. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:32:12


You are assuming spam has no value. Obviously that isn't the case, otherwise there wouldn't be so much spam on the network. Assuming the value of spam is above 1sat/byte, then we should assume the average fee would never reach that regardless of block size. 
Now I don't know the variety of ways spam is used, but the most obvious, economically profitable, use case for spam -- and incidentally the inherent role spam will inevitably play in the network overtime -- is as a tool for miners to set the price floor for transaction fees. 
How does this work? Imagine that the network could fill 100 transactions per block, for the sake of this simple thought experiment. Imagine there were only 70 customers who wanted to put their transactions in the block, making the transaction fee 1 satoshi per transaction since the supply outweighed the demand. This is kind of what people are imagining when they talk about bigger blocks -- upping the supply to meet the demand and drive down price. 
But imagine in this scenario there are 3 mining pools that make up 100% of the hash power. Imagine these mining pools get together and say, "you know, this is ridiculous, 1 satoshi per transaction?!!" They come up with a plan where each pool will contribute fake transactions to drive up the price, they all contribute fake transactions relative to their pool's respective percentage of hash power. Since transaction fees ultimately get paid to miners, the miners wouldn't actually lose any money by creating fake transactions. *In other words, in a scenario where miners collaborate, fake transactions are free for them to make.*
So now, instead of 70 transactions in the block, you have 200 and suddenly the fees increase. Most of those transactions are just spam, fake transactions paying 20 sat, but the 70 actual customers have real life reasons they need their transactions confirmed. So they are willing to pay a little bit more to see that happen, so in order to place their transactions at the head of the queue, they set their transaction fees to 21 satoshis. The miners have effectively used spam to make themselves more money. 
Now let's imagine that some of those customers get pissed off at the high fees and decide to switch to another network. The miners are still more profitable as long as at least at least 4 customers remain. But, the miners realize that the ideal rate to set their fake transactions at is the rate that retains the most customers at the highest price possible. So, for example, let's say the miners discover 20 sat transactions retain all 70 customers, whereas 40 sat transactions drive away 40 customers, making 40 sat less profitable than 20 sat fees, so they decide to stick with 20 as the magic number. 
So let's stick with this theoretical situation where you have 70 real transactions and 130 fake ones meant to drive up the price, and where the blocks limit the number of transactions to 100. What happens if they raise the block limit number of transactions to 300? Certainly, this would drive down price?
So now you have 70 real transactions, 130 fake transactions, and room for 100 additional transactions. The price obviously drops to 1 sat since that is all that is required to get into a block. But then we are right back at where we began, and the miners just up the number of fake transactions to 300 now, set the transaction fee to 20 sat, and once again the base transaction fee returns to 21 sat for a real transaction that wants to get confirmed. 
In other words, raising the block size did absolutely nothing to bring down fees in this example because the fees are being artificially set through the use of spam. And no matter how large you made the blocks, the fees would never go down because the miners could always increase the amount of spam. 
So, in this theoretical example -- which is, in my opinion, very close to the reality of the situation, or inevitably will be -- spam allows miners to set the minimum price for transactions at or near the real market value of transactions. In other words, the real market value is the highest price for a transaction that the most customers are willing to pay before you begin to lose too many customers to justify the price.
Now, let's say in our theoretical scenario, that the block limit were confined to 50 transactions per block, rather than 100. Then the 70 customers fighting for block inclusion would have to compete, which would drive up the price. Let's say the average transaction fee from this market competition ended up being 21 satoshis. The miners had already determined previously that keeping their spam at 20 sat was the magic number that kept the most customers from moving to another network. So at this high price, spam no longer becomes profitable. In order for spam to be profitable again, you need to raise the block size. 
In short, the ideal block size, strictly speaking in terms of supply and demand, is the block size that forces the fee market to naturally gravitate to precisely the same price the miners would otherwise target artificially using spam. This represents the minimum block size that can reflect the real market value of a transaction. *But prices will never go below the real market value as long as miners can artificially raise prices using spam, regardless of how large the blocks are.*
Obviously, nothing I am saying here has anything to do with the above article, but I thought I'd give you this food for thought.  
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:39:16
I can answer that.
The reason is because when the Federal Reserve lends Chase 1 billion dollars, the loan is backed by the fact that Chase owes the Federal reserve 1 billion dollars (plus interest), that is, the loan is backed by Chase's debt. Inflation would only occur if Chase were to default on the loan, but as long as it does not, the loan is backed, the money retains its value, and eventually Chase repays the loan thereby destroying the new money that was created.
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:31:21
@_date: 2015-07-18 06:14:53


Not a bad ally at all. Libertarians/anarchists have this idea that socialists want to concentrate power in the hands of government. Socialists, on the other hand, think libertarians just want to concentrate wealth and power in the hands of the corporate elite. 
The reality is that both just want to decentralize power. One focuses on decentralizing government and the state, the other on decentralizing corporate power. But government and corporate/banking power are really just two sides of the same coin. Once you understand this, you can recognize that the disagreements between libertarians and socialists are really just hangovers from 20th century thinking. The two "sides" are actually natural allies. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:37:27
Fair enough!
@_date: 2019-12-10 19:54:52


[\--- Money creation in the modern economy. Bank of England Quarterly Bulletin, 2014](
@_date: 2015-08-20 05:01:14
This will be down voted, but I think we may be arriving at a very critical stage in Bitcoin's history, that point where we take the training wheels off and it becomes what it was always meant to be ... leaderless.
Peter . . . I know you get a relentless wave of insults, but I personally think you are terrific. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:37:06


Every country is bankrupt (although I admit, I'm not exactly sure what you mean by 'bankrupt,' but I'm assuming you are talking about public debt to GDP). Japan has more public debt to GDP than Greece does. The United States has higher public debt per capita than Greece does. "Bankruptcy" can't fully explain what is going on in Greece. That isn't to say that they didn't mismanage, but other countries mismanage and don't face the crushing economic situation Greece is in. 
@_date: 2015-08-27 06:25:06
What we have is pre-modern money (gold), modern money (fiat), and post-modern money (bitcoin). When modern money begins to look like it is in serious trouble people will run from it. The question is whether they will cling to a distant past that few remember or embrace a future that few understand. 
Gold (or bitcoin for that matter) isn't meant to keep you safe against a market collapse. More than likely gold will go down along with everything else, including other commodities, real estate, etc. What it is really supposed to keep you safe from is *hyper-inflation*. That is because gold is, according to some theories, a more "real" form of money than fiat. If hyper-inflation were to occur we would return to some type of gold standard to prevent hyper-inflation from ever occurring again, or so the argument goes. At that moment of switching back to the gold standard the demand for gold would skyrocket and thus anyone holding gold would greatly benefit. In short, the value of gold is being created by many people betting that one day, perhaps soon, we will return using gold as money. 
That seems like a bit of a long shot to me. If modern money is ultimately found lacking, it seems more likely that we will switch to post-modern money -- assuming that by then cryptocurrency will be widespread and immediately useful -- rather than switch to carrying sacks of gold or insisting that the numbers in my bank account are backed by some metal across the planet stored in another bank's vault. 
The shift from modern money to post-modern money (bitcoin) will not occur from some mandate handed down by an authority. That is how the modern world works, not the post-modern world. The IMF and collection of central bankers are not going to have a top-secret meeting in response to an international currency crises and decide its time for everyone to switch to bitcoin. They may try to do something like that with regard to switching to a global fiat currency, but a post-modern currency can only come about in a decentralized and distributed manner consistent with post-modern consciousness. 
Bitcoin adoption doesn't require an authority to mandate it. And that is really the problem with gold. People who are investing in gold are hoping that some authority is going to say, "Look, enough is enough! We have to go back to the gold standard!" But the only authority that could make this call are the international bankers and they don't want a gold standard, they want the SDR. They will use a monetary crisis to say, "See! This is a problem inherent in our continued reliance on national currencies! What will fix this is to have one global trans-national fiat currency! Owned and controlled by yours truly!!! Bwahahahaha!!!!!" They won't go back to gold, why would they ever give up the power to create money out of thin air?
The only future for money is a money that is adopted organically, horizontally, and freely in a manner consistent with the information age. That is to say, the only future for money is future money.  
@_date: 2019-04-16 17:38:29
Genuine people, yes. Happy isn't required.
@_date: 2015-07-01 04:48:46
Exactly. Only thing is . . . 


Banks don't loan out deposits and they don't need deposits to make loans. When a bank gives you a loan, say of $100,000, they simply say, "Now we owe you $100,000." That's it, no actual money is transferred or dealt with and they don't need any money to say they owe you.
Of course, cash is helpful to have in case account holders ask for it, but most cash doesn't come from deposits anyway. Cash comes mainly from central banks printing it and giving it to the private banks. And, in fact, most deposits are just the transfer of IOUs from one person's bank account into another person's bank account. That is what happens when you use a credit card, for instance. 
People consider banks' promises to pay money (i.e., the money "in" your bank account) to be just as good as money itself. That number on your computer screen that shows you have $23,001 dollars in your bank account (and really means the bank owes you $23,001) is considered to be the same thing as $23,001 in cash. And other people will accept payment in the form of these bank IOUs, it isn't as if you need to turn your bank IOUs into cash whenever you intend to pay someone. So when a bank just types in a new number into someone's account -- i.e., gives that person a loan -- it is effectively creating money.
If banks find they are lending so much money that the amount of money they owe people dramatically exceeds the amount of cash they have on reserve, they simply call up the central bank and the central bank sends them more cash. 
So the days when private banks needed deposits in order to do stuff with that money are long gone, that's not how modern banking works. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:21:57
^ Username checks out . . . 
@_date: 2019-02-05 18:23:21
But it has translated into inflation with regard to assets (thus the "everything bubble"). If all the new money goes into the hands of people who primarily use it to purchase assets, that's what you would expect.
Now, if they had given a similar amount of money to working people, naturally we would likely have seen inflation in consumer goods because that is what working people primarily spend their money on. But wages have remained relatively stagnant, so it seems relatively straightforward that we wouldn't see inflation in consumer goods because the demand for those goods hasn't risen as a result of all of the new money.
On the other hand, the new money has translated into increase demand for capital assets, and that's why the stock market has broken all records.
@_date: 2019-04-06 08:36:25
He probably should have said, "Yeah, you're right Becky, 1% is pretty crazy, it probably should be more like around 80%, but I don't want to scare your viewers."
Poor Tom Lee, he has really taken the bear market on the chin. The guy is brilliant and a true member of this community. I hope things turn around and his excessive bullishness will turn him into legend.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:08:33
Jihan used the scaling war to bootstrap the 2nd most valuable altcoin. He essentially monetized the scaling debate. Not a small feat. This guy shits diamonds. 
He needed S2X to fail -- though he had to pretend that he wanted it to succeed -- to get all the big blockers on board with BCH. It did, so he's happy. 
Bitcoin Cash has the big market cap, but it also has uncertainty associated with being a fork of Bitcoin. Many people still expect it to die out entirely. Jihan's next step is create the impression that the network is just as permanent a member of the cryptospace as is Ethereum or Litecoin. The first step is to come out of the shadow of Bitcoin, to make sure people understand the network is not dependent on defeating Bitcoin for its continued success. Eventually -- though obviously some time is required -- they will likely rebrand. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 08:05:08
Yes, with the exception that the IOUs are not subject to "fractional reserve banking," so to speak, because lightning transactions involve signed bitcoin transactions which cannot be forged. 
So what we are talking about is an IOU in which the backing is baked into the IOU itself, similar to how a gold coin is backed by the gold it is made out of. A gold coin was trusted for transactions precisely because it could always be melted down and turned into jewelry. That melting down of the coin is akin to broadcasting a lightning transaction to the Bitcoin blockchain.  
With banknotes, as they came to be relied on as money, you had an expansion of the money supply as more banknotes were issued than there was gold or silver backing them. With lightning, the money supply is never expanded. There will never be more than 21 million bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-06 06:54:42
False. No one can ever control the private key except the person who possesses it. The network has no way of accessing or guessing your keys and there are no code changes---even theoretical---that could be performed to change this.
@_date: 2019-04-05 08:33:47
Volatility is vital to Bitcoin's success. The purpose of money is to provide liquidity, volatility is what generates the incentive for traders to do just that, building the liquidity infrastructure that will lead to inevitable success.
National currencies are inherently volatile, much more volatile than implied by forex markets, but the volatility is masked from the public by virtue of the fact that the supply can be manipulated which allows the exposure to the true gains and losses of the volatility to be entirely limited to the few who actually control the currency. When the true value---not the exchange value, but the net value---of the dollar rises, the central bank becomes more powerful, more wealthy, but masks this increased wealth by printing more money so that the nominal value of the dollar remains stable even while the net value (what we call the "marketcap" in crypto) increases. You see a similar phenomena with stable coins like Tether. You can follow the marketcap of tether on websites like [coinmarketcap.com]( it increases and decreases like every other crypto, it is volatile, even though the unit value in dollar terms remains fixed.
@_date: 2015-07-26 17:59:13
The article describes how base money - i.e., cash and bank reserves - is created out of government debt. But there are two important points to be made:
1) The vast majority of money today isn't cash, but rather most money is the numbers associated with your bank account.
The numbers associated with your bank account are not created from central banks exchanging it for government debt. They are created from commercial banks exchanging it for private debt. When you take a loan, broad money (i.e., the digital numbers in your bank account) is created. 
2) Central banks no longer require government debt to create money. This was the whole point of quantitative easing, to unhinge the currency creation process from the government. Using QE, central banks can use private debt as the basis to create new base money. They still use public debt as well, but are no longer bound by it. 
In the old days -- which is what this article is really describing -- government debt was the foundation of money (in a way somewhat similar to how gold was the foundation of money under the gold standard). Government debt was, in effect, a measure of the maximum currency in circulation. Government debt was, technically speaking, what we mean when we say the government "prints" money. Central banks -- who had the literal job of printing the bank notes everyone uses -- could only print as many notes as there were government treasury bonds to exchange the printed notes for. So, ultimately, the government decided the maximum base money that could exist. Central banks could decide how much of that base money to actually translate into the money we all use, and could control how much commercial banks could lend out of that base money, but the maximum was always under the control of the government. 
In 2008, however, the banks needed a massive bailout. Someone, a lender of last resort, needed to buy up all of the bad assets out there. In the US the government stepped in with a massive bailout, creating billions in new debt. But as large as the sum was, it wasn't nearly enough apparently (that's how bad the crisis was). Despite it not being enough, the government could not muster any more political might or consensus to produce more and thus, for the first time in history, the government could not produce enough debt to meet the needs of the banking system. 
As a result they had no choice but to remove the money creation cap, previously imposed by the fact that base money could only be created in exchange for government debt. Government was, in essence, stripped of the ultimate power to create base money and handed that power over to the Federal Reserve.
Now with this new power, the Federal Reserve began simply printing money and buying stuff with it. They bought all the bad assets and bailed out the banking system, something the government was unable to produce enough money to do. 
When central banks are no longer required to buy government debt to create money, you get what happened in Greece. Government debt no longer functions as the foundation of the process of printing base money, it instead becomes simply a matter of borrowing money, and the lender can at any point start making demands for continued lending or can stop lending altogether.
 
@_date: 2019-04-05 08:01:52
Most people with any degree of understanding believe the market will retrace. 
My opinion, we are going higher despite all the technical indications to the contrary.
@_date: 2015-08-28 04:24:28
And this is also what separates proof of work from proof of stake. With PoW, majority control can always, in principle, be wrestled away from whoever possesses it. Whereas with proof of stake, whoever gains majority control can never lose it unless they want to. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 19:33:09
"Mainstream" is a long ways off. You are talking about 1 million dollar bitcoins, I think most of us understand that isn't going to happen overnight. We have years of growing pains to go through before that. 
@_date: 2019-04-16 17:08:52
Excellent read.
@_date: 2019-04-22 15:24:14
I'm not really clear on what it is that you are asking, but the short answer to the question, "what would happen to Bitcoin if no one mined it?" is that the network would cease to be able to perform additional transactions. Without mining, transactions on the network cannot occur. 
This is why "mining" is really a misleading title, miners real job is to update the blockchain and to process transactions---not to create new bitcoin---and they are incentivized to do so because they get paid primarily by the network itself. In effect, the production of new bitcoin is simply a side-effect of the network's need to pay the miners, a need that will slowly be replaced by users who are willing to pay the miners directly in transaction fees. Once the high demand for bitcoin transactions allows fees to replace the network reward, the need to mint new bitcoin will disappear.
Because they get paid, the only realistic way to eliminate all miners is for the network to stop paying them, and the only way that could happen at this stage is if the value of bitcoin dropped to zero.
As a side, it is also important to realize that bitcoin has always had value, even from its inception, it has never had zero value. Initially it had no exchange value, but it still had speculative value which is why there was a frenzy to mine it among tech elites and Satoshi himself even before there was an exchange price. To quote Satoshi:






@_date: 2016-02-03 23:55:17
I am glad to be supporting core. I believe we are on the right side of history. 
@_date: 2016-02-03 17:12:00
Excellent post. Thank you for expressing these views.


And unfortunately I think they are actually advocating a solution that will undermine bitcoin as "hard money."
To scale Bitcoin cannot prioritize its status as money and its status as payment network equally. I wish it could, we all do, but no one on either side has provided a scaling solution that would do that. Big blockers scaling solution reduces bitcoin's fundamental properties as money, small blockers scaling solution makes it work less effectively as a payment network. We have to choose. 
The difference, in my mind, is that small blockers have a layered solution that will allow Bitcoin to work effectively as a payment network via credit (ideally a decentralized system also, thereby minimizing risk and trust). So all of your arguments concerning real commercial use are addressed. The fact is is that commercial use of the *base* currency is not required, you just need users to be committed to the monetary system through use of the currency, gold bugs already recognize this. If gold were to return as base money, you think people would be buying groceries using gold coins? To buy stuff online? No. Gold as base currency would still rely on systems of credit to work in the modern world. So I doubt very much that gold advocates see an inherent problem with building a credit network on top of a strong, secure, and stable base currency in the case of Bitcoin. 
So while the core dev/small block vision not only offers a way to preserve bitcoin as money, it also addresses your concerns about adoption and use. The big block road map, on the other hand, will not only erode Bitcoin as money, but it will simultaneously leave us with a payment network that is, quite frankly, sub-par, particularly when compared to competing block chains like Ethereum. Once gov-coin kicks in, you will have a payment network superior to the archaic one provided by Bitcoin, plus based on a more trusted base currency. If Bitcoin's infrastructure maintains decentralization, on the other hand, it could actually become *more* trustworthy as a global currency than national currencies, or even global fiat currencies like the SDR.
I think the confusion of the gold bugs who are big blockers is due to the fact that they mistakenly believe that Bitcoin can scale happily both preserving its status as money and its status as payment network without compromising either. If they can come up with a proposal for how to achieve that, everyone will be on board. But until they do, small blockers will see their willingness to scale Bitcoin at the expense of undermining the decentralization of the infrastructure as an attack on bitcoin's viability as money. They need to understand this about small blockers like Amir and Blockstream, otherwise their only explanation for why anyone would oppose immediate hard forks for a block size increase are more conspiracy theories. 
  
@_date: 2016-02-11 16:20:53
The key, in my mind, is the expansion and technological innovation of Bitcoin so that it can serve as the foundation for a global financial system and not just merely a currency. (Personally, I believe Nick Szabo is Satoshi so I listen to him carefully.) 
I don't believe Satoshi intended to create a payment system, I believe he intended to create digital cash, or digital money. That is a new invention in the world because what we use as digital money today, such as through use of credit cards, is really digital credit because *settlement* has to occur later. The fact that settlement occurs instantly under bitcoin, just as it does with paper cash, is what makes it digital *cash*. This is why *settlement* and cash, or money, are really the same thing, and why it is more appropriate to refer to bitcoin as a settlement system than a payment network. It is also what separates Bitcoin as an innovation from existing digital payment systems, like Visa, and explains why the banking industry is so interested in block chain technology when they already have Visa. 
So when Satoshi referred to Bitcoin as digital cash, he is talking about bitcoin as a settlement system, in my opinion. That, then, becomes "settlement layer" if further layers, like LN, are built on top of it. 
A "settlement system," like paper cash for example, is still, in part, a payment network. If you couldn't actually transact the currency, how could you use it to settle with? I can physically hand you cash, so it works as a kind of rudimentary payment system. The key, however, is that a settlement system does not scale well *as a payment network* and therefore requires a payment layer more devoted to scalability, efficiency, and speed. The problem with bitcoin, the base layer, as a payment network is not that it isn't scaling today, it is that it can *never scale* to Visa like levels. I'm sure many people objected to credit cards in the early days because they felt strongly that cash would always be able to work for all our needs as a payment network (perhaps they thought we could make cash lighter and easier to carry or send by mail). But cash could never scale to what the world needs. Likewise, the base layer of Bitcoin has similar scaling issues, but the longer we fool ourselves that it doesn't, and that scaling through layers is not required, the longer we postpone real scaling solutions and perhaps doom Bitcoin to losing is status as the more popular cryptocurrency. 
We are seeing the explosion in the Ethereum price while Bitcoin remains stagnate. I think this should be a wake up call to all of us that innovation and technological promise is critical for the future of this industry, that simply being first and hoping someday everyone just starts using the currency will not suffice. Furthermore, the uncertainty and anxiety being created by this interminable "civil war" is keeping investment away, and that which is still coming in is being offset by those fleeing the currency.  Despite the fact that the global economy is approaching crisis, capital flight is rampant, and precious metals are doing very well, Bitcoin is lagging. We need to resolve this conflict and come out of it with the commitment to greater innovation. Do both and we are golden. We need to do this sooner than later, the world will not wait.  
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:58:30
Roses are red
violets are blue
faith in data
requires a worldview. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:14:40
When everyone and their grandmother wants bitcoin, that is the point where everyone and their grandmother accepts bitcoin as a form of payment. That is the point when bitcoin goes beyond an asset class and becomes the first world currency.
Wanting bitcoin is actually the key to its actualization as money. When people accept payment in bitcoin and actually hold it, rather than immediately converting it into fiat, the tide changes. Like you, I see this beginning to happen. People who feared bitcoin years ago now want to invest, and people who want to invest want to accumulate and often prefer payment in bitcoin rather than fiat.
Some lament that people just want to hold bitcoin as an investment, that they don't actually want to use it. But in actuality, holding bitcoin is using it, because it effectively adds you to the list of those who accept bitcoin as payment. 
Why is it that in the United States, the US dollar functions as money? Because everyone in the United States wants US dollars, and therefore accept them as a means of payment, which means that if you hold US dollars you can always spend them. It is the wanting, not the spending, that turns pieces of paper into money. It is the universal liquidity that comes from everyone wanting it that makes dollars money.  
We are a long ways from a world in which bitcoin is universally wanted, a long ways, and therefore regardless of whether we are nearing the peak of this short term bubble, long term we are no where near the top. What is clear, however, is that this hype cycle and the growth in price translates into a growth in adoption. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 16:04:34
Coinbase is essentially a bridge between the old world of fiat and the new world of Bitcoin. It's interests and goals are, therefore, aligned with both spaces which is just another way of saying that its business model revolves around Bitcoin-as-payment-system rather than Bitcoin-as-money. Put simply, there goal is not for Bitcoin to replace fiat money -- they don't want people only using bitcoin -- they want people to go back and forth between bitcoin and fiat. So, for them, bitcoin requires utility first and foremost, decentralization and concerns regarding underlying trust in the system as money are secondary.  
Furthermore, they are interested in seeing bitcoin become more government-friendly since they are already compelled to "play by the regulatory rules." If governments turn more hostile toward bitcoin, Coinbase's business model would be particularly threatened. So they have further incentive to not care about those features in bitcoin that make it censorship resistant or increase its anonymity. 
Finally, many of the innovations that will occur on sidechains could open decentralized solutions -- for example, decentralized banking and lending and derivatives -- that otherwise would require centralized exchanges, like Coinbase, to handle. So they don't necessarily have strong interests in seeing these innovations promoted. 
This is why, in my opinion, they are strongly pushing for the block size increase. They have a political interest in seeing Bitcoin become more centralized, more regulated, and more like a traditional system with certain utility advantages that will allow them to have advantages that might eventually make them attractive to traditional banking. If Bitcoin ceases to pose a significant threat to fiat money, and yet has certain payment system utility advantages, companies like Coinbase will likely be bought out by one of these banking giants and that would obviously be good for Coinbase. I believe this basic view of the cryptocurrency -- as something that is ultimately going to assist existing banking, as opposed to poising a mortal threat to existing banking -- is in line with Mike Hearn's thinking -- also a "big blocker" -- which is why he moved to R3 when he realized the community was too resistant to this vision of Bitcoin. 
From the beginning, fiat-bitcoin exchanges have always been an unfortunately necessary evil. With Mt Gox we saw how dangerous centralized exchanges could be to the ecosystem when users treat bitcoin like traditional fiat. Now with Coinbase, and other big-block supporting exchanges, we see how these centralized exchanges continue to be a danger to Bitcoin for similar reasons. Now, however, the danger is coming from their political push to make Bitcoin more compliant, easily controlled, and centralized in order to promote their business goals. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 16:24:05


This is an example of why I am so insistent that the future value of Bitcoin is heavily dependent on its ability to act as a global, *indisputable*, ledger. Private block chains will eventually gradually migrate to the most trustworthy ledger, that is just inevitable. Even if they continue to exist as private block chains, they will want to be pegged to the indisputable ledger.  
But this is only relevant if Bitcoin continues to focus on its single greatest advantage over every other system, which is the inherent superiority of a public decentralized, distributed ledger in establishing "objective truth," over privately controlled or heavily centralized ledgers. 
Bitcoin's whole future, its value, depends on being an indisputable, secure, ledger of truth. If it can be this, it will inevitably become the foundation for the global financial system of the 21st century. Focusing on its payment network utility is fine, but not at the expense of its core value proposition.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:09:09


But then that is political, and fundamentally contradicts the goal you've stated for the intelligence and economics of the system to drive its evolution, rather than politics. If a few miners decide the fate of Bitcoin based on personalities and who they like or dislike, and not simply by following the incentives inherent to the system, how is that the free anarchistic system which you desire? At that point they are just whimsical dictators. 
And, like I said, ASICBOOST doesn't add anything good to the system, only incentives to slow down the network by mining empty blocks. As far as I can see, it is an exploit which breaks the neutral mechanics of the system designed to create incentives free from human politics. In fact, it is possible that the entire reason the miners have become politicized rests in this exploit in the first place. It is isn't part of the intended design of the system, anymore than if miners discovered a bug that allowed them to produce an extra 10 bitcoin per block. If it were to become broadly accepted it would either break the governing rules that make your assertion (that miners do what is best for Bitcoin) true, or it would be the result of those rules already having been broken by the existence of this exploit, or it would simply point to the possibility that your assertion was never true in the first place. If we simply say that *whatever* miners do is by definition what is best for Bitcoin -- even in the case that the rules that lead them to their conclusions were never intended parts of the system -- that brings us into a circular argument where we are saying that we should support miners because they only do what is best for Bitcoin, but we only know it is best for Bitcoin because the miners are doing it.
@_date: 2016-02-11 15:49:23


I'd argue they want Bitcoin to succeed and to innovate rather than remaining stuck while coins like Ethereum pass us by. Blockstream is basically populated with many of the more progressive/innovative core developers, they represent those core devs who want to develop Bitcoin more aggressively. By forming a company and raising money, they allow for investors to assist monetarily in the development of Bitcoin, something that has been sorely lacking which is why Bitcoin is so stuck. 
Ideally, I'd like to see more companies form whose business model is the expansion and innovation of the technological infrastructure of Bitcoin. We have plenty of companies that offer services that utilize Bitcoin, but very few that are building Bitcoin itself. We need more, not less, of these companies. 
Furthermore, I would think, hope, and imagine that any company building the infrastructure of the larger Bitcoin technical-system would be composed, at least partially, of developers who are core developers or are so competent in their understanding of Bitcoin that they are capable of becoming core developers. The fact that Blockstream is made up of core developers, who understand every aspect, nuance, and implication of Bitcoin is a good thing for a company that wishes to expand the infrastructure of the system.   
@_date: 2016-02-14 16:26:28


If the coins on the minority chain suddenly became more valuable to mine than the coins on the majority chain because of low hashing power and high speculative potential causing a rush of investors, many miners would switch to the minority chain to get superior profits. This sudden increase of hashing power on the minority chain, which everyone presumed was going to zero, will diminish the certainty that the chain was going to be the one to die, causing even more risk seeking speculators and investors to rush back in. Long investors who sold their minority chain would panic and buy back in. 
This could potentially cause a back and forth for some time as investors and speculators panic, switch coins, or dump both coins entirely. Suddenly there would be the very real possibility in investors minds that either coin could go to zero, and everyone would rush to exit the system, you would have a massive depreciation of value of both coins. The dropping prices of both coins would be worsened by the fact that investors would now be holding twice as many coins as they started with, so with both chains being valuable the sum market cap of Bitcoin would be split between the two coins. So you would have faith and confidence in Bitcoin as a whole rapidly eroding, *and* you would have the price pressure downward from value being split among two coins. There could be a run for the exits, we could see Bitcoin get into single digits. As speculators rushed to take advantage of these cheap prices, there would be no guarantee which chain they would pick to primarily invest in, and this would lead to more, prolonged division between the coins, with the political and technical war continuing.
The chaos could be potentially devastating to Bitcoin's reputation precisely at a time when negative interest rates and financial chaos are leaving global investors desperately looking for safety. If Bitcoin no longer appeared relatively safe -- a status which has taken years to achieve -- it would not be poised to take advantage of the chaos in the global economy. This would further erode confidence in the prospects of the currency and cause more investors to dump, increasing price volatility and the chaos amongst the mining community.  
@_date: 2019-04-05 08:40:59
This. The entire space is in disbelief at this point, the bears' sentiment is considered wisdom and bulls are made fun of and considered naive. Anyone with a bullish outlook has to preface it with an apology. That is exactly the opposite of peak 2017, suggesting the only direction is up. 
@_date: 2016-02-06 02:29:30
The problem isn't who is right. The problem is that a hard fork motivated by politics will split Bitcoin in two, and both versions will continue to exist, contrary to the assurances for the Classic side that core will die. It won't, and we will have absolute chaos in the ecosystem and confidence in Bitcoin will erode. 
@_date: 2019-04-05 08:22:52
"Worthless?" No offense, but you sound like some old fart back in the 90s saying if email didn't involve a physical envelope he wouldn't waste his time with it. It is new technology, a technology that transcends tech in the conventional sense, it is an economic and social phenomena as well as a technological one and all three must be mastered to really understand it. 
You don't need a hardware device to store your bitcoins, you can store them in you mind if you want. If you don't understand that, then you really don't understand bitcoin.
You only bought 250 euro at 14k, "not exactly more than you can afford to lose." Just enough to taste your curiosity. And now you are asking detailed questions at the beginning of the next great uptrend, do you realize how lucky you are? You're not the ideal investor, you are the new elite but just don't realize it yet. 
@_date: 2016-02-06 01:57:58


Absolutely. But here's the thing, the banking system can't survive deflation, and that is precisely why I am beginning to become convinced that an inflationary crash may be inevitable.  
Think of it this way: Money for you and me = debt for the banks. So if the value of money is increasing, the amount of debt for banks is also increasing. There is no way, left to their own devices, they would ever let that happen. Fortunately, central banks work on behalf of the people, not the banks, right? Wrong, central banks are, in effect, simply the monarchs of their respective banking cartels. In the United States, the Fed is owned by bankers, and while the government gets to symbolically appoint half of the FOMC members, the bankers appoint the other half and likely tell the government who to appoint with regard to the remainder. The Fed, in effect, works for bankers. So there is no way they will allow deflation to destroy the banking system. 
But the moment they start combating deflation aggressively, the dollar will collapse. The price of bitcoin will skyrocket. As soon as everyone realizes that bitcoin is a hedge against the dollar -- and people are already realizing this because the price is clearly being impacted by the movements in the dollar -- it will balloon even further (particularly if there are issues with paper gold).
Of course, none of this is going to happen if we get this fucking hard fork that splits Bitcoin and erodes faith in the currency.  
@_date: 2017-04-08 06:32:11
^ Sockpuppet
@_date: 2016-02-04 06:24:02
When scaling Bitcoin became an issue, the obvious answer was simply to raise the block size. One number. As this debate has progressed, we have begun to understand how profound such a small matter actually is. 
Scaling Bitcoin is not simply a technical matter. No one actually knows what Bitcoin IS. Not really. No one knows what it is capable of doing to this world. We have been operating with some very timid ideas (e.g., "it will help with remittances") and everyone is kind of realizing that those ideas are losing steam. Sure, we can raise the block size and hope that the long slow churn of supposed adoption occurs over time, or that the global economy will push people into Bitcoin. But the reality is that there is no power in that, no enthusiasm, and under that scenario Bitcoin is just as likely to slowly fade away as it is to slowly grow. 
No. Scaling Bitcoin by just making it a larger version of what it already is is not scaling Bitcoin. Scaling Bitcoin means it becomes something greater than it is today. Like all early technology, Bitcoin needs to innovate, it need genius, it needs to grow. Otherwise it will be passed up by competitors like Ethereum. The block size debate has made us realize that while Bitcoin has the first mover advantage, that isn't guaranteed to carry us forever. This isn't just going to happen on its own, people need to write code, and it has to be innovative code worthy of Bitcoin.
Far too many people in the community are afraid of change. They want a simple block size increase so that Bitcoin can *both* "scale" and remain the same at the same time. The reality is, however, for Bitcoin to scale means it can no longer remain what it was. The block size debate is not over whether Bitcoin should change or not, it is over what should Bitcoin become. If Bitcoin could simply scale and remain what it is there would be no debate. And while raising the block size limit gives the impression that just that is possible -- that is the main appeal of their argument, that a simple numerical change is all it takes and everything is fine -- the reality is that doing so will change fundamental properties of the system that could potentially erode its status as money. One way or another, for Bitcoin to scale it must change. The question is will that change come from people whose motive is to prevent change, or will it come from people who have a vision of what Bitcoin can become?  
My fear of the big blockers like Gavin is that they have no vision. They offer no future other than more of the same, whereas the visionaries that came up with the idea of side chains show us that Bitcoin can be much larger than just money, it can be the internet of money in a way that other altcoins can't. Ultimately with cryptocurrency, the network effect will be larger than simply "which is the most popular and broadly accepted currency?" The network effect will be similar to that of the internet. There is only one internet, and sidechains gives us a glimpse into just how "one block chain to rule them all" might take place. If Bitcoin just stays the slow cryptocurrency it is today, only with a larger block size and no innovation, there is nothing stopping Ethereum from crushing Bitcoin like a bug.
Side chains promise a way of truly energizing the innovation and developer talent that so desperately wants to build the ecosystem Bitcoin. Each chain will represent its own system with its own purpose, and all purposes will ultimately add value to the overall network. It will be a renaissance for this space. Private block chains won't be able to, nor desire to, compete with this system, they will participate in it. In fact, likely what we call private block chains today will become just side chains in the future. It is even conceivable that national digital currencies will choose to operate on the Bitcoin network. Imagine. 
Obviously none of this is guaranteed, but the point is that with Blockstream and the core devs I can see it, with the guys behind Classic, I just see stagnation.  
@_date: 2019-04-16 17:08:19
A QR code should suffice.
@_date: 2017-04-07 22:18:44


But the system was designed top down. In fact, it was initially designed by a single person (assuming Satoshi was an individual). It is intrinsic to Bitcoin for development of the protocol to be centralized and the system requires consensus to work, which places inherent pressure on the system for development to remain so. Even if you have multiple development teams fighting over the job, only one team can ever have that job at one time, otherwise the coin splits. 


@_date: 2016-02-01 03:34:26
What about using 2/2 multisig? The exchange has one key, the other key is embedded in the note. This way to redeem the bitcoin both the note and its corresponding private key would need to be presented, and anyone who compromised the note and stole the private key still wouldn't be able to spend the Bitcoin without actual possession of the physical bill (the bill would presumably have to be counterfeit resistant).
More importantly, this would prevent the exchange from fractional reserve practices. If the exchange merely created paper notes that could be redeemed for bitcoin, like gold was in an earlier era, more notes than actual bitcoin backing them could be printed. However, by using multisig each note becomes attached to an actual bitcoin address, every note would be backed by actual bitcoin that could be checked and verified on the block chain. So while a central exchange would still be required, this practice of having every note backed and verified would make the credit worthiness of the exchange not much of an issue. 
@_date: 2016-02-24 20:41:40
Bitcoin is supposed to be about being able to transact without being spied upon, without border restrictions, without the need for third party control over your use of money, without the need for a bank essentially. And yet, in every regard, using Coinbase turns Bitcoin into the opposite of what it is supposed to be.
Now instead of financial freedom you are being spied upon even more aggressively than if you simply used fiat banking. Your financial independence is subject to approval by a third party who will take very swift and punishing action against you for a variety of shadowy reasons never really explained and that may appear entirely arbitrary. There appears to be no real recourse other than taking your business elsewhere, which hopefully we can still do. But if they chose to confiscate your money, what can you do? Unlike fiat banks, your money is not insured and Coinbase is not obligated to return it to you. Rather than being freed from third party control over your financial liberty, you are even worse off than using dollars or pounds.
@_date: 2016-02-02 17:01:34
Let's imagine there is a hard fork. In effect, there will be two Bitcoins and everyone who currently has bitcoin will now have an equal amount of bitcoin on both chains. Many advocates of the fork assume this will be quickly resolved as one fork will go to zero and won't receive any mining. 
But economically speaking, it is not a certainty that that will happen. Initially many will dump their core coins as they believe it is going to zero, perhaps they will even sell them for more classic coins, causing a brief spike in price that will reaffirm the view that the fork was a good idea. But the lower the price of the core coins go, the more attractive they become to speculative investors. The price will never reach zero because the cheaper the bitcoins become, the more upside potential there is, and without the price reaching zero, there is still incentive to mine them. Due to the low hash rate, at some point it may actually become more profitable to mine core than classic. This will cause many minors to temporarily switch over, raising the possibility in investors minds that the the minor chain may not die and, in fact, might still win. If you can buy thousands of core coins versus a couple of classic coins, while it is still not clear which chain will ultimately be victorious, many people will take that chance. 
Meanwhile, the uncertainty and media orgy around the chaos will cause classic coin's value to also plummet. What kind of mainstream or institutional investor is going to touch Bitcoin in the midst of this? In fact, they probably will be dumping. This will cause a great deal of consternation from the economic consensus that believed forking would be good for them. They will realize that in a way their fear of lower user adoption actually caused them to create the very reality they feared. Since their leadership lead them down that road, confidence in that leadership will be deeply shaken as well. If core supporters are made up of crypto idealists, and classic supporters by economic realists, who is more likely to cave first? 
I can completely see a scenario where classic supporters, without the rock solid foundation that core has in its developers, history, and vision, jump ship leaving classic actually less valuable than core. At this point it will be realized the fork failed. But then what? Will we be stuck with two coins competing over the same miners indefinitely? 
As long as there are two coins, there is the very real possibility of either coin going to zero which puts tremendous downward pressure on mainstream adoption and investment in either coin. Meanwhile, some other alt coin will nonchalantly slide into first place.  
It seems to me that forking Bitcoin out of politics, rather than a desperate technical need that is unanimously recognized, is a far cry from a safe certainty. I think if you have a lot of stake in Bitcoin, you should fear a hard fork much more than scalability being delayed! Regardless of whether things play out as I have suggested, it is a possibility, which should play into the calculus if the economic majority's main concern is with the rate of adoption and the value of the token.  
@_date: 2016-02-14 16:01:29
Ultimately there is no such thing as a worldview -- meaning our basic philosophical assumptions -- that is "based on data." This is because all data presumes we accept underlying assumptions that make that data work as data. The scientific worldview is not based on science and cannot be dis-proven by science. 
If it were possible for a worldview to be based on data, then everyone would have the same worldview as it would be clearly proven by data, in which case we would know whether Andreas was right or wrong and there would be no point in investing in Bitcoin, or anything else for that matter, because everyone would be on the same page regarding whether it was a good idea or not. 
@_date: 2016-02-03 05:51:47


When people say they don't want Bitcoin to be a settlement layer, they are saying they don't want bitcoin to be money, because money and the instrument to settle debts are the same thing. Amir understands this. 
A payment network, on the other hand, transfers value via credit, not money. Credit is essentially a promise to settle using money later. Since a promise requires no actual exchange of a tangible asset, it can be communicated much more quickly and therefore makes for a more effective medium for easy payments. Credit cards allow us to make purchases digitally, despite the fact that our base currency is still made out of paper, because we aren't actually transferring money, we are transferring the promise to pay money at a later date. Most of our "money" today is actually just credit, and that is why, in my opinion, the monetary systems around the globe are in such trouble. 
The main difficulty with credit is that it relies on trust. For something to be an effective money, you must minimize trust from the equation. Gold was a good money because there wasn't much trust required. For bitcoin, reliance on trust is kept minimum through decentralization. If the system is effectively decentralized, the creditworthiness of the system as a whole is all that matters, as opposed to individuals actors or players in charge of the system. 
It seems to me that big block advocates in this whole debate don't really seem to care about Bitcoin as money. They don't fear the particular type of centralization pressures raising the block size would cause because they don't see the problem in bitcoin losing its status as money. They see the idea of bitcoin as settlement layer as something negative because they don't view bitcoin as an instrument to settle debts. They view it as a new way of transferring wealth that is somehow superior to existing credit services and they fear without an expanding block size it won't be able to compete with those services.
Put simply, big blockers imagine bitcoin as credit. Small blockers imagine it as money. And that is the heart of the whole debate. 
@_date: 2017-04-07 16:56:05
Yeah, I've enjoyed your insights as well. I haven't had a chance to look closely at ASICBOOST yet, but just based on my initial impression:
I think your argument that the mining industry as a whole fundamentally represents the interests of Bitcoin in general is compelling. However, this assumption relies greatly on decentralization as you went at length to point out. ASICBOOST in its *covert* form threatens decentralization because non-ASICBOOST miners are pushed out of profitability. In its *overt* form it prevents many protocol upgrades and incentives behavior Satoshi never intended, such as mining empty blocks, yet adds absolutely nothing positive to the network. Because mining equipment is a relatively long term investment, if ASICBOOST were ever to become overtly accepted by the industry, we would never get rid of it. Such an event would be a clear contradiction of your core argument -- that miners basically represent the interests of Bitcoin -- which is one reason why I don't see that happening. ASICBOOST is only meaningful in its covert form, when it can be used by one player to their advantage. If everyone is using it, the total profitability of miners remains what it would be if no one were using it, and yet it also comes with all of these drawbacks and a deficit of benefits. 
It is a bit like an exploit in a video game, like a speed hack or auto aim. If one player is secretly using it, it greatly advantages him. But if everyone is using it, there is no competitive advantage for anyone, it just makes the game work in a way it was never intended to. 
So if miners aren't willing to make ASICBOOST an industry standard, in part for the reasons I gave, then measures must be taken by the larger mining community to immediately eliminate the possibility of covert ASICBOOST, otherwise they risk being at a huge competitive disadvantage. Since the majority of miners do not use ASICBOOST, and the current equipment is presumably not ASICBOOST ready, it would seem to be in their economic interests to prefer the path of eliminating the possibility of ASICBOOST from the protocol, rather than attempting to upgrade all of their equipment which would be extremely expensive. Furthermore, by eliminating ASICBOOST they will not only weaken their competition (Jihan Wu), but increase their own profitability by removing the competitive advantage Wu currently enjoys. 
It is, again, the same situation as in a video game. When a few players are using an exploit to gain advantage, it is in the interests of the majority of players to see that exploit removed. Not only does it mean the majority of players now have to face less fearsome competition (thus improving their own competitive advantage), but most players understand that a FPS in which everyone has auto aim isn't very fun.
The question is, how widespread is ASICBOOST use among the Chinese miners, how many of them are invested in using it? If it isn't widespread, if it is only Wu, then likely the majority of miners will have no choice but to abandon him. In doing so, they will also abandon BU. BU could change their code to prevent the ASICBOOST exploit, but then the question is will Wu continue to support BU without it? It is unclear what his real motives are and to what extent his desire for larger blocks is genuine, or to what extent he has merely been protecting his use of ASICBOOST. Regardless, the larger mining industry is threatened by ASICBOOST and will react to that threat over and above any other concerns they may have concerning block size. Put simply, block size has now become a secondary issue. Even if BU were to remove the possibility of using the ASICBOOST exploit, and Wu simply refused to signal either SegWit or BU in order to maintain the status quo, the larger mining community can no longer abide by status quo because that means ASICBOOST remains in play. Even if BU removes the exploit from its code, at this point BU remains a very difficult and uncertain path forward without the majority of the community behind it. A more straightforward path for miners seeking an immediately elimination of ASICBOOST is to back SegWit because combined with the economic majority, a UASF becomes very very real, unlike before, and SegWit could be implemented quite quickly, even if Wu continues to signal BU.  
In short, I think the presence of ASICBOOST is potentially the game changer that strongly suggests SegWit will be activated because, as you said, ultimately the mining industry as a whole has a tendency to do what is best for Bitcoin. But, of course, nothing is certain, and new revelations or additional unforeseen factors could come into play (for example, if Wu has been secretly supplying other Chinese miners with ASICBOOST miners). 
 
@_date: 2016-02-21 16:37:27
Coinbase's business model depends on good relations with government, regulators, and banks. There is nothing wrong with that. The unfortunate reality is that we require crypto-to-fiat exchanges and many of these exchanges, particularly ones that want to operate in the US, have to have just as much allegiance to the world of fiat as they do to the world of cryptocurrency. 
The problem arises, however, when these companies -- whose basic business model revolves around a Bitcoin that doesn't pose an existential threat to banks and which is easily monitored and/or censored by governments -- seek to use their influence to change how Bitcoin itself works.
We can all forgive Coinbase for spying on their users' transaction in order to comply with government regulations. We can forgive them for locking people's accounts when those people use their money in ways Coinbase or the government doesn't approve of. We can forgive them when they require photo IDs and social security numbers just to do business. We can forgive the fact that they are undermining Bitcoin's fungibility and decentralization and resistance to censorship because we understand they have no choice. But do we really want these guys dictating the direction of Bitcoin itself? At a protocol level? They will undo everything Bitcoin stands for and what makes it valuable. 
I think it is a mistake to trust the future of Bitcoin with centralized fiat exchanges. It was a mistake back in the days of Mt Gox, it is a mistake today. Their business model is, at least today, an unfortunate necessary evil. But the goal should always be to one day move beyond the need for such "necessary evils," not to make the whole system conform to (and ultimately be corrupted by) them. 
@_date: 2019-04-06 08:30:00
The Core devs were right. 
@_date: 2018-11-03 17:17:03
Seems to me that Charlie was one of the casualties of Bitcoin's early adoption phase when its primary use case was buying drugs on Silk Road. In those days, pretty much anyone who touched bitcoin was considered a criminal, and certainly the early liquidity providers like Shrem and Karpeles really could not avoid being money launderers because a large portion of bitcoin traffic was going through the Silk Road. Had these guys attempted to comply with US Federal laws they wouldn't have even gotten off the ground floor and the bitcoin we know today probably wouldn't exist. In those days, the only way to move bitcoin forward was to commit some money laundering.
In other words, Shrem took one for the team. The early liquidity providers necessarily had to break some laws and if they didn't do it, no one would. Someone had to do this job and it was a nasty job at that.
And it is because of that that the Winklevoss's attempt here---without knowing the details---seems greedy and mean spirited on the face of it. Without people like Charlie, these guys wouldn't even have a business. They benefited from guys like Charlie getting crypto off the ground. Guys like Shrem gave bitcoin the liquidity to act as a viable currency. This is what sparked the imagination of early investors and eventually gave rise to compliant exchanges like Coinbase and Gemini who benefited from not being on the front lines against the US government's hostility toward bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:53:32


When John loans the bank $100,000 in cash, his bank balance now shows $100,000. He doesn't say to himself, "oh, now I have 0 dollars because I lent it all to the bank," he says, "OK great, now I have $100,000 in the bank." John imagines he deposited that cash into the bank so that they would keep it safe for him, he doesn't realize that, technically, he loaned that money to the bank and his account balance simply represents what the bank now owes him.
Now imagine that same bank wants to lend $90,000 to Mary who also has an account at the bank. When they do, they don't give Mary $90,000 in cash, they simply update Mary's account so that it now shows a balance of $90,000. According to your logic, the bank needs to get that money from somewhere and presumably that would come out of the cash John deposited. Nevertheless, John's balance continues to show $100,000 despite the $90,000 loan to Mary. It is not as if when the bank lends the money to Mary that suddenly John wakes up to discover his balance reduced by $90,000. His balance remains at $100,000.
So what we have is even though the initial amount of money deposited was $100,000 in cash, the total amount in Mary and John's bank accounts equal $190,000. That is to say, the bank now owes a total of $190,000. If both John and Mary simultaneously said, "I want to take out my entire balance in cash," the bank wouldn't have the money to pay them and that would represent a run on the bank (though the bank could still borrow the cash needed from another source).
In the modern world, the amount of money people have in their bank accounts is considered to be the bulk of the money supply, not just the cash and base currency in circulation---and, importantly, the former can be much larger than the latter, as I hope I just showed.
Now even though the bank owes more money than it has cash, the bank remains solvent because Mary now owes the bank $90,000. So even though the bank owes Mary $90,000, Mary simultaneously owes the bank $90,000, so the bank considers the net balance to be zero. Of course, the bank is charging more interest to Mary than they are paying on her deposits, so ultimately the loan is making the bank money. But once Mary repays the loan, her balance will of course be reduced by $90,000 plus interest and at that point the bank won't have to worry about a run anymore.
So extending this logic, what if John had never made his initial deposit of $100,000, would the bank not have been able to lend to Mary? The answer is that the bank could still have added $90,000 to Mary's account. The problem would come when Mary attempted to remove her money from the bank, or attempted to pay someone who didn't use the same bank. In such a case, the bank would need cash, or base currency, in order to make the payment on Mary's behalf (while simultaneously deducting the said amount from her balance). If the bank lacked the cash to do this, they could simply borrow the cash from another bank. Since borrowing directly from other banks involves an interest payment that is still lower than the interest Mary owes on her loan, the bank could still do this profitably.
The only real problem that could arise is if Mary removed the money from the bank and then later defaulted on her loan. In that case, suddenly the bank would be out $90,000.
Furthermore, the bank really doesn't need cash at all as long as it can quickly liquidate some of its assets for whatever cash it happens to need. The important thing is solvency and having just enough liquidity to meet customer demands for withdrawals and to handle inter-bank payments as needed. But this idea that banks can only lend out what they have just isn't how modern banking works, sorry.
@_date: 2018-11-03 18:01:07
In a lot of science fiction, money of the future is often labelled something like "energy credits." Why do you think that is? Why is it that energy is so often the commodity that is imagined will form the basis for money?
And . . . is that not precisely what Bitcoin is? Energy credits.
@_date: 2018-11-04 17:34:24
The previous bull market began in late October, early November, 2015. A little more than two months later, Hearn rage-quit. The bull market went on to last for another two years.
You often hear in the current bear market the expectation expressed that there must be one final capitulation to shake out the strongest of the weak hands, as it were, before the next bull market can begin. My suggestion here was that Mike Hearn was exactly that: the strongest of the weak hands finally being shaken out. 
The interesting thing, however, was the fact that this shakeout didn't actually occur at the bottom of the bear market in raw terms of price, but actually occurred just shortly after the bull market began. Perhaps the final capitulation people expect, where even some high profile believers give up, actually occurs toward the beginning of a bull market following a bear market, not at the extreme bottom of the bear market itself. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 19:07:35
Bitcoin permits the use of money in the digital space without requiring banks or third parties, it allows us to use digital money, in other words, similarly to how we use physical cash. However, beyond the physical cash analogy, it also permits us to store large amounts of money easily and securely without requiring a bank.
So at root, the existence of bitcoin---and crypto more broadly---means that functionally banks are no longer required for the storage and transfer of money. That's pretty huge, especially considering that it was banks' historical monopoly on the storage and transfer of liquidity that permitted them to make loans in the first place.
The important thing to understand is that banks do not require deposits in order to make loans. This is very important to understand before you are equipped to visualize where banking is going in a post-crypto age. Banks simply require capital. That capital can be in the form of bank deposits, but it doesn't have to be. All that is required is that a bank's balance sheet shows that they have enough assets to equal the amount of liabilities they have. Those liabilities are money they owe their customers. When they make loans, even though the customer thinks they are getting money, what the customer is really getting is the banks' promise to give them money. We call this "bank credit," and in modern monetary systems, bank credit is considered as good as base money, and therefore indistinguishable.
Now these promises to give customers base money, these IOUs as it were, actually represent the vast majority of money that exists in circulation. So the important point here is that what banks are doing when they lend money is they are creating currency, and then they are guaranteeing that that currency has value through their balance sheet which assures people that the bank can actually pay what it owes.
Put simply, all the money we use in day to day affairs is actually the banks' debt, both commercial and central banks, and that debt is backed by the credit worthiness of the banks themselves, which is guaranteed by their balance sheets. This is no different than the way the USDC represents Coinbase's debt, which is backed by having a bunch of dollars equal to its debts in a bank account.
The reason this is somewhat obfuscated in the banking system, whereas it is obvious in the case of Coinbase, is because the monetary system is like an insurance pool, in which all of the banks pool together their credit worthiness and share the risk through a unified currency. In the old days, each bank had their unique banknote, and each banknote therefore represented the creditworthiness of the individual bank that issued it. This is very much like the stablecoin phenomena we are now seeing in crypto. Each stablecoin represents 1 dollar, but they also each represent the creditworthiness and risk of their associated exchanges. Tether represent Bitfinex, for instance; USDC represents Coinbase, etc. If they all pooled together and decided on a single currency, that would be similar to how the banking system works.
So it is important to understand that banks don't lend out deposits, they create money in the form of IOUs backed by bank assets. The primary reason people don't realize this is because of the way the banking system pools together all of the individual banks' credit and considers them all the same currency, masking their individuality. Fundamentally, the system is like the stablecoin system developing in crypto, where you have all of these individual stablecoins (e.g., Tether, USDC, TUSD, GUSD, etc) all representing the same value, but "Wells Fargo Coin," or "Citibank Coin," are masked by the unified currency that labels all of these coins the "US dollar."
The point of all this is that stablecoins represent the future of banking and lending and guarantee that national currencies will no longer be needed in the long run.
Many people are concerned that governments will fear crypto because they use national currencies to finance themselves. But the reality is that governments don't finance themselves through the use of central banks, they finance themselves through the issuance of debt and the collection of taxes. The main purpose for central banks was initially to act as the "lender of last resort" and reduce risk associated with individual banks.
However, with the birth of central banking came about the phenomena of centralized control over interest rates. Interest rates are actually just a natural economic phenomena, the central control over them is not. But for a century people have been under the spell and conviction that the manipulation of interest rates has been a way of reducing economic risk, and then later a method to give countries economic advantages through manipulation of the currency. The next few global financial crises, however, I think, will call into question that 20th century paradigm. The world is global now, the interest rate policies of individual countries effect the whole planet and are creating systemic risks that no one really fully understands. As interest rate driven economic crises drive the legacy system into a corner, the crypto financial system will be on the rise. Ultimately, I expect crypto to disrupt the banking system's stranglehold over interest rates. So crypto won't just disrupt the storage and transfer monopoly banking has over money, but the interest rate and lending monopoly banking has also. I wish I could go on, but this post is already too long.
@_date: 2018-11-04 15:53:01
You are exactly right. Like-kind exchange allowed you to defer the actual taxable event to the moment you actually cashed out into USD while keeping the total taxes eventually owed unchanged.
Unfortunately, Trump explicitly changed like-kind so that it could no longer be interpreted as applying to crypto.
It is a real problem for the crypto space (perhaps by design to discourage use) because it forces you to cash out USD every time you make a crypto transaction and that adds tremendous friction.
If crypto use ever becomes something the government wished to encourage, the tax laws will almost certainly change. But currently the US government appears to want to discourage its use. My expectation is that this will change with time, but in the meantime the current tax laws are harmful to the industry.
@_date: 2018-11-04 20:36:50
There was grounds for arguing that crypto qualified for 1031 prior to Trump's tax bill, as you say, prior to 2018.  
[According to Elizabeth A. Whitman]( for instance, who is of Counsel with Washington DC’s Mirsky Law Group, LLC, and previously served as General Counsel for Wilkinson 1031, LLC, a Section 1031-qualified real estate securities firm:


The ambiguity of 1031 with regard to crypto was probably precisely why the Republicans changed the law. Whether you personally agree whether it could have been, or should have been, applied to one's crypto taxes is irrelevant. The fact is, the IRS never explicitly claimed it couldn't be used and most tax specialists, regardless of what their personal opinions were, acknowledged that the law was ambiguous. So rather than engaging in any legal debate, they just quietly changed the law in the tax bill.   
@_date: 2018-11-03 17:38:49
I can't speak to all that. All I can say is that Bitcoin itself was once that shady project, and Charlie helped turn it into what it is today.
Whatever debts Charlie owes, they pale against the debt we all owe Charlie. 
@_date: 2019-01-20 18:55:13
You make some great points. 
I'm with you that the current trajectory is not sustainable. I'm not sure the answer is to reduce growth, I'd prefer to see the creation of sustainable, eco-healthy, integrative growth, growth that is symbiotic rather than consumptive. 
For example, take Bitcoin's PoW mining algorithm, many people argue it is not sustainable because of its energy consumption. But if hashpower is being generated through renewable sources, not only will it cease to threaten polluting the world the way dirty energy consumption does, but arguably it will actually help the adoption and proliferation of clean energy. 
In a similar way, my hope for crypto is not that it restricts growth, but actually makes it possible to finance creative, network-based solutions and innovations that aren't possible under the current paradigm. My hope is that networks will promote sustainable growth solutions, like cleaning up the environment or addressing homelessness or empowering collective art works, etc. Things that are not easily financed using the corporate profit model.
On the issue of boom/busts: Your suggestion is that we could limit booms and busts by limiting credit creation. But how is that different than saying we could eliminate crypto bubbles by restricting the amount of bitcoin people are allowed to buy, or by passing laws that restrict crypto creation? 
One side note: the current banking system isn't restricted in the amount of credit they can create. Credit creation is no longer really limited by reserves at all, I just wanted to point that out. You see, fractional reserve, as a practical reality, ceased to exist when the US left the gold standard. Yes, the system in some ways mimics old fractional reserve, and there still are requirements for commercial banks, but the reality is that because central banks are no longer limited by fractional reserve, commercial banks aren't really either. There is nothing finite backing the currency, if you will. Banks---both the commercial and central banks---today back new money created by the loan the money was created for. When the Fed creates money, for instance, it exchanges that money for bonds, usually US Treasury bonds, and when commercial banks create credit, they do so in exchange for the debt of the borrower. So the entire money supply is backed by debt, not gold or any other intrinsically finite asset, which means the amount of money they can create is limited only by how much debt borrowers are willing to take on and how much risk lenders are willing to take. Central banks can limit lending by raising interest rates to discourage borrowing, but raising reserve requirements is meaningless today because commercial banks can always borrow more reserves from the Fed who is no longer limited by a gold standard in how much they can lend. 
Consequently, the only thing that can limit a destructive boom/bust cycle is the quality of the loans themselves. But what we are seeing is that in the early phases of cycles the loans are relatively healthy, borrowers are creditworthy and capable of repaying the loans, but at some point the health of the system leads to more risk taking and less healthy lending begins to occur on and before you know it you have another bubble.
But the point is that we saw something very similar within crypto. 2016 through early 2017 saw a relatively healthy and steady bull run, where most of the investors were well researched and most of the projects were serious, but then once everyone caught on to the health of the market there was a pile-on effect where every scammer, less educated investor, and hopeless project from every crevice of the Earth seemed to jump in, causing the massive run-up and consequent crash. This followed the exact same pattern we see in credit bubbles.
In other words, the root of the problem seems to be that at some point any  healthy upward trend---whether that is in crypto or stocks or credit---begins to become recognized, and as more people recognize it they get in to chase the trend causing the trend to accelerate and causing even more people to recognize it, creating this kind of feedback loop you are referring to that eventually results in a bubble. These bubbles seem to follow the same pattern regardless of the market.  
The government could help limit a future bitcoin bubble by making it illegal to own more than 0.5 bitcoin. They could limit a future crypto bubble by imposing all kinds of regulations that make it difficult to create new cryptos. These kinds of government led restrictions would be essentially the same as what you are suggesting in finance, that credit creation be limited through the laws that require full reserves. But is that really the ideal solution?
@_date: 2018-03-24 07:21:49
It isn't just the brand name. A decentralized ledger isn't worth much if it isn't secure, if it can be altered on a whim by bad actors. Getting your created token to be secured by 25E hashes per second like Bitcoin would be essentially impossible.
This is precisely why so many crypto tokens created today don't even attempt to create their own blockchains, but rather choose to piggyback on another more established, more secure blockchain. That way they are able to enjoy the security of the host blockchain without the need to bootstrap the kind of security possessed by Bitcoin --- a level of security virtually impossible for any new crypto to achieve. 
You aren't going to have an indefinite period of new blockchains being created. This time period is the window during which that is happening, after which only the established blockchains will persist and all remaining action will take place on higher layers. 
@_date: 2019-01-13 16:23:09
You are right, if the loan is secured the collateral prevents the loans from becoming completely worthless. Even still, collateral is a bit like insurance, it works great to mitigate risk on a per case basis, but when you have a situation where everyone is making an insurance claim at once, it doesn't work. Collateral mitigates risk when individuals default, but when everyone is defaulting at once, the value of the collateral plummets as well and fails to preserve the original value of the loan. 
You see, when debt is being used to buy assets--for example when people borrow from the bank in order to buy a home--it drives up the value of those assets. Imagine what the price of houses would be, for instance, if no one could borrow money to buy them, there would hardly be any buyers. The current price of homes is depending on a continuous stream of new lending. The problem with using those very same assets whose prices are being driven up via debt creation as collateral is that *the assets backing the debt are themselves getting their elevated value from the debt they are supposedly backing*. Should a sudden mass deleveraging event cause lending and borrowing to halt, the value of the collateral that is supposedly backing these loans will plummet. 
When this happened in 2008, central banks were forced to bailout commercial banks. What this meant, in effect, is that central banks ended up partially backing the national currencies with a lot of this collateral that went bad in 2008. My suggestion is that that is why they had to pump asset prices through QE, they needed to push up the value of this collateral so they could resell it at levels near where they bought it. This selling into a pumped market is what we know as "QT," but it is really just a glorified pump and dump. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 04:37:28
Well, the report is just an opinion. They are obviously trying to tackle this issue just like we are. 
The thing to consider is that one day virtual worlds will probably be substantially larger than they are today---with VR and all---and while WoW may be too small to consider for the IRS today, one day this may become a very serious issue. 
@_date: 2019-01-20 01:28:34
Most people would struggle if they were suddenly hit with a bill for $30,000 and probably wouldn't be able to pay. If, on the other hand, they were permitted to pay that bill off over the course of ten years it would be substantially less onerous. It is the same principle. I'm not saying that a person can't pay off the $30,000 in one payment, certainly many people could, I am saying that it is easier to pay it off over the course of ten years and therefore many *more* people could pull this off. In the same way, fractional reserve makes handling defaults easier---doesn't mean that full reserve banks can't handle them either, just that it is *easier* in the case of a fractional reserve system---and that means it makes banking easier to pull off successfully which encourages more banking and drives down the costs of lending, thus helping to make lending available to the masses. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 04:30:01
Yeah, but in that same report---which is not an official government report---they write:


currency is officially transferrable only within a specific virtual environment and is not convertible,
it is possible that an unofficial, secondary black market may arise that provides an opportunity to
exchange the “non-convertible” virtual currency for fiat currency or another virtual currency.
Generally, the administrator will apply sanctions (including termination of membership and/or
forfeiture of remaining virtual currency) to those seeking to create or use a secondary market,
contrary to the rules of the currency. **Development of a robust secondary black market in a
particular “non-convertible” virtual currency may, as a practical matter, effectively transform it into
a convertible virtual currency. A non-convertible characterisation is thus not necessarily static.**
And therein is the problem. WoW gold has a robust black market precisely because it is valuable, which the report confesses makes it convertible. And the truth is that whenever a currency becomes valuable enough a substantial black market will arise. So by this report's own admission, a currency can only remain non-convertible so as long as it has no meaningful real world value. But if they are admitting that, then essentially they are admitting that the fact that a currency like WoW gold is centralized is really nearly inconsequential to whether it is convertible or not.    
@_date: 2019-01-20 01:34:12
What happens if all the banks have already lent out all of their available bitcoin? It is easy to imagine this happening. In such a scenario, does the old man starve? Even a less extreme scenario, where everyone is fighting to borrow what limited bitcoin exists would likely result in skyrocketing interest rates as the demand would quickly outpace the supply of lending, making it very difficult for someone like this old man to borrow. 
In the modern banking system---which is technical post-fractional reserve---this problem never occurs because whenever someone seeks a loan the bank simply prints new money into existence backed by the value of the loan, so there is never a shortage of money for lending. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 06:27:15
Technically, yes. As far as I can tell, the only reason it's not is because the market is too small, and the backlash would be too huge, for the IRS to care.
But imagine that WoW was ten times larger than it is, and imagine there were large out-of-game exchanges where you could sell gems for USD. That would clearly be taxable. 
Now take that one step further. Imagine that on these out-of-game exchanges you not only could sell gems for USD, but for other game items. Imagine someone buying and selling gems against other game items in order to increase their overall in-game capital. How would that be any different than selling crypto-to-crypto? Again, taxable under the current law. 
But one final step: if all that were true, then how could you be taxed for trading gems offline and not also be taxed for trading gems in-game?
@_date: 2018-11-29 17:03:51
The high was $1163 on Bitstamp in November of 2013, with the crash taking it all the way down briefly to \~$150 for a total market crash of \~87% in January of 2015, roughly one year after the high. The final panic to $150 only lasted a few hours and then the price rebounded above $200 which acted as the baseline support for the remainder of the bear market. 
The current market had a $19,666 high on Bitstamp, with a current low of \~$3,400 for a total market crash of \~83%. Translated into 2014 terms that would have been a bitcoin price of \~$200 which was exactly the baseline support line at the bottom of the 2014/15 market. Ignoring the brief wick that took us below $200 for a few hours, the current market is now down roughly the same as the 2014 market.
@_date: 2019-01-12 16:23:17
The real danger to banks is when people default on their loans. When this happens in mass the bank's assets evaporate into thin air and they simply cease to have anything  actually backing the deposits at the bank. It is at that moment that the general public realizes their deposits may be at risk and rush to the bank to withdrawal their money, generating a "run on the bank" and forcing the bank to permanently close its doors. This has created the popular impression that it is bank runs that kill banks, but actually bank runs are more of the symptom of a dead bank than the cause. In other words, the cause was the mass defaults that killed the bank's balance sheet, the symptom was everyone desperately trying to get their money out. The problem with the Yellow shirts plan is they are attempting to generate the cause by recreating the symptoms, but you can't actually cause a bank to become insolvent by creating an artificial run on the bank (i.e., a run on the bank being done out of protest rather than genuine fear of the bank's solvency).
Now, will QT raise the risk of people defaulting on their loans? Absolutely. And that is ultimately what causes genuine bank runs. With QT, you could very well see a crisis develop leading to bank runs. But does QT change the equation for a Yellow Shirt lead bank run, where the bank run comes prior to insolvency? Not really. 
Banks like customer deposits because they provide a cheap way of borrowing money, cheaper than they would have to pay the central bank. If everyone pulled their money out of the bank, the main difficulty for the bank is that their cost of borrowing would effectively increase, making them less profitable. This may present a long term problem for the bank, but not a liquidity crisis. 
Now, if the central bank raises interest rates, making it even more expensive to borrow from the central bank, the effect is that banks begin to pay more interest on their customer deposits. The reason this happens is because banks want deposits because they are cheaper than borrowing directly from the central bank, but they also have to compete with other banks for customers. This means that due to competition, banks eventually gravitate toward an interest rate that keeps them competitive, but also is cheaper than the central bank's rate. If the central bank raises that rate, to remain competitive commercial bank's must raise the rate they offer customers on their deposits. 
So, to the extent that it is becoming more onerous to borrow from the central bank due to rising interest rates, it is also becoming more onerous to borrow from depositors. The spread between the two, however, remains more or less the same. So if all the depositors remove their money the banks before QT or after QT, the effect on the bank is still the same: less long term profitability, assuming depositors never return. But as far as creating a liquidity shock, a bank run won't work (with or without QT).  
@_date: 2019-01-29 03:06:48
The IRS is very clear: the only thing that separates a taxable virtual currency from a non-taxable one is whether or not it is convertible. They define convertible virtual currency as one "that has an equivalent value in real currency, or that acts as a substitute for real currency." Whether the currency is centralized or not is irrelevant. (Would be nice if EOS could claim to be non-taxable because it is centralized [that's a joke].) All non-convertible virtual currencies are centralized, but by the government's own explanation, not all centralized currencies are non-convertible. In fact, [FIN-2013-G001, "Application of FinCEN’s Regulations to Persons Administering, Exchanging, or Using Virtual Currencies"]( has a whole section devoted just to centralized convertible virtual currencies.
The issue is whether or not WoW gold is convertible. And many people think its not. In fact, many people point out that the whole distinction between convertible and non-convertible exists precisely so that things like WoW currency aren't taxed. The argument is that these currencies are limited to exchange in-game and therefore aren't convertible into real value. 
But the problem is everyone knows WoW currency is being converted into USD and vice versa every day which, by definition, makes it convertible. In fact, if I am not mistaken, Brock Pierce made his initial fortune doing just that, selling MMORPG currency. 
The MMO market may not be big enough to warrant actual attention from the IRS, but the bottom line is that all virtual currencies have value---centralized or decentralized, in-game or real world---otherwise they wouldn't work as currencies. I'd be willing to bet that the marketcap of WoW gold is substantially higher than a lot of shitcoins. The fact that some of these currencies are supposedly in isolated environments really doesn't change that, and the distinction between convertible and non-convertible is really just a carryover from the early days of virtual currency when it never occurred to most of us that any of it could have real value.  
@_date: 2019-01-29 02:03:52
There is nothing in Notice 2014-21 that indicates that it doesn't. Is there something else you are aware of?
@_date: 2019-01-29 03:40:21
The IRS never said they were wrong, to the best of my knowledge. They simply changed the laws as part of the Trump tax bill to guarantee that this interpretation could no longer apply beginning in 2018.
@_date: 2019-01-24 07:54:33
As far as the tipping goes: why can't you just have a QR code tattooed on her ass with a blockchain monitor overhead that shows her in real-time all the received tips?
@_date: 2019-01-19 15:56:25


It mitigates the risk by allowing the banker to cover his/her losses overtime rather than immediately, similar to the way a mortgage allows a middle income person to buy a home over time rather than being forced to pay upfront.
In a fractional reserve system, the banker didn't lend gold or silver, they lent IOUs for gold or silver in the form of banknotes. These banknotes essentially represented the bank's debt, and every day a certain percentage of the banknotes in circulation would be returned to the bank by customers demanding real gold or silver. This daily percentage---where the bank was required to go into their vault and remove a certain amount in gold or silver in exchange for banknotes---was essentially the bank making interest payments on its debts. The more banknotes it put into circulation, the more onerous these interest payments became. For instance, if every day 0.5% of the circulating supply of banknotes was exchanged for silver on a daily basis, then the higher the amount of banknotes in circulation, the more the bank had to payout in silver every day.
Now, because the bank was lending banknotes, and not actual gold or silver, every time they made a loan they increased the total banknotes circulating in supply and therefore they increased amount of banknotes coming through the bank's doors on a daily basis looking to be exchanged for real gold or silver. That is, the more they lent, the more they paid in interest, if you will, every day. 
This cost was reduced by the fact that borrowers were constantly repaying their loans, thereby removing banknotes from circulation and reducing the bank's liabilities. If a default on one of these loans occurred for some reason, the bank's debt burden would increase, but it wouldn't lose any capital. Of course, with the increased debt burden (a higher supply of banknotes in circulation vs the amount of promised reduction of that supply from loan repayments), over time that capital would be lost as the bank would have slightly more onerous interest payments to make, but that is the point, this would occur over time, thereby mitigating the risk of the kind of shock to the business that could result in cascading failure. At that point the bank might raise interest rates or reduce lending to cover their loses. The bottom line is that they wouldn't risk flat out losing their capital upfront, a scenario that could easily prevent them from staying afloat. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 03:38:02
The question isn't whether you make money, the question is whether earning WoW gold alone constitutes making money. With bitcoin, if you earn bitcoin that is considered taxable, even if you never exchange that bitcoin for USD. With WoW gold, the same standard doesn't seem to apply. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:21:07
Don't forget the "/s," people actually believe this kind of shit.  
@_date: 2019-01-29 06:09:28
Can you imagine the backlash if the IRS attempted to tax players for simply playing the game? It's not going to happen anytime soon. But if Blizzard opened up an exchange for trading WoW gold for USD and vice versa, then the IRS might raise some eyebrows. As long as Blizzard enforces their ToS and the WoW economy remains relatively small, I don't think the government cares.
The fact is no one would have ever even considered this an issue until crypto became big. In the old days, many people just assumed trading crypto was about like trading gold for armor in WoW. Crypto was so small, the IRS just ignored it. But then it became big. 
Virtual world's could eventually face the same problem. They are too small to be of concern now, but if someday people are making a living from their economic activity in these worlds, then things will change.  
The thing is, if Blizzard were permitted to monetize their in-game economy so that there were no barriers between it and the real world, it would be massive. They would instantly become a bank, with their own currency and a massive economy giving that currency value. They would overnight achieve the kind of utility for their token most cryptos only dream of. 
It would be explosive. You would have all kinds of virtual worlds competing over building meaningful economies. If players built those economies, rather than just played in them, and could do so full time because they actually made a living from doing so? 
Unfortunately, the current laws prevent that sort of thing from happening. With crypto, at least technically, it is very possible. Imagine, for instance, if WoW gold could be exchanged in the real world as easily as bitcoin and wasn't just limited to being in-game. That's when the real world and virtual worlds begin to really merge. But while it is rapidly becoming technically possible for this sort of thing to happen, legally it's impossible. I expect that will gradually change as the world adjusts to the crypto paradigm.  
@_date: 2019-01-21 19:27:09
The more people who use Facebook, the more valuable it becomes. Some people imagine it isn't a good analogy to bitcoin because, they suppose, Facebook has utility while bitcoin does not. But what utility would Facebook have if hardly anyone used it? It's utility derives from the network effect. Conversely, imagine the utility bitcoin would have if everyone used it. 
Likewise, what value would the internet itself have if there was only one computer connected to it running one website? Initially hardly anyone but a smart group of nerds and geeks around the planet used the internet, had they not convinced other people of the utility in using it, it would never have gotten beyond being a novelty. The value of the internet grew the more people started to use it; today it has become indispensable to society.
The 21st century is in large part about networks and network effects. Networks are slowly, but surely, replacing institutions as the primary focal points of power. And money is always made out of the medium of power in society. In antiquity, when land represented power, money was made out of rocks (i.e., precious metals). In the 20th century, when institutions and governments represent the focal point of power, money was made out of government and banking IOUs. It is only natural that in the 21st century, when social networks and the internet become the focal point of power that money will be made out of a corresponding medium, as it were.
@_date: 2019-01-21 17:52:01
As far as I am concerned, anyone who bought around $200 in 2015 bought the low. Yes, technically we did dip even lower into the $150 range, but that lasted only a few hours, as I recall, and actually preceded the move to $200 which we then hovered around for another 10 months or so. During those 10 months, there was plenty of time to buy, but people who held out hoping for a return to $150 or lower never saw it.
$200 translated into 2018/19's bear market equals roughly $3,400, more or less where we are today.
@_date: 2019-01-29 01:51:55
But why wouldn't that also apply to bitcoin? If you simply mine it as a hobby, and never actually spend it, that seems analogous to your scrap metal analogy. But the IRS is clear that simply earning virtual currency, which they consider property, is a taxable event. As far as their guidance goes, there is nothing to distinguish WoW gold from bitcoin, and therefore logically there is nothing separating earning WoW gold from earning bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:19:29
You don't have any. But it is even more pathetic because you think you do.
@_date: 2019-01-24 00:59:23


The blockchain can't, in itself, prevent fractional reserve.
Whatever balance your Coinbase account shows, that balance only represents IOUs for actual bitcoin. It isn't until the moment you remove your bitcoin from Coinbase that it switches from being an IOU to actual bitcoin. IOUs are the basis for fractional reserve lending. Banknotes were IOUs for silver, your bank balance are IOUs for cash, etc. All that need happen for fractional reserve to kick in is for there to be more IOUs created than actual money backing them.
Let's say Coinbase decides to lend you 10 bitcoin. You wake up in the morning, check your Coinbase account and it says, "10.00 BTC." Where did this transaction occur on the blockchain? Can you check the blockchain to verify the transaction? No! The reason is because it didn't occur on the blockchain, all that happened was Coinbase changed the numbers in your account.
Now imagine that Coinbase did this without simultaneously subtracting 10 bitcoin from their own account. They add 10 btc to you, but they don't subtract 10 btc from elsewhere. In such a case, they are engaged in fractional reserve lending, they are creating IOUs for bitcoin out of thin air. The reason this works is because the chances of everyone withdrawing all of their bitcoin at the same time is remote, so Coinbase doesn't need full reserves. That's how fractional reserve works. As long as there isn't a run on the bank, no one notices.
The problem is that everyone with a Coinbase account thinks their balance indicates how much bitcoin they have. So if Coinbase and other services, banks, and exchanges got into the habit of fractional reserve lending, when you tallied up how much bitcoin everyone in the world thought they owned, it would exceed 21 million.
@_date: 2019-01-19 16:28:33


Definitely. But understand that liquidity is not just determined by how friction-less a given form of money is. 
For example, imagine some old retired rich guys who has all his wealth in illiquid capital of one form or another. The guy has so little actual cash or money in the bank, he can't afford groceries. Now, this guy is rich, he definitely can afford groceries, he just doesn't have any wealth in liquid form. 
A good money, a money that provides society with liquidity, is a money that allows this old man to access liquidity immediately because he is, after all, rich. That means a money that allows the man to instantly convert some of his existing capital into liquid form. Bitcoin alone can't do this. If bitcoin were the only currency, the man would have to find a way to sell his car or house before he could get some groceries. 
Fiat money isn't great, but it at least allows the man to take out a 2nd mortgage or any kind of loan against his existing capital, thereby granting him with liquidity without immediately sacrificing his capital. 
Eventually, crypto will likely allow all capital to become tokenized and tradeable on open world markets, which would allow the old man to instantly sell a portion of his home or borrow using a portion of his home as collateral, all from the comfort of his home with a few clicks. He could probably borrow literally just the amount he needed for groceries. That is the kind of liquidity crypto promises, but that involves smart contracts and tokens which bitcoin maximalists oppose.   
@_date: 2019-01-29 07:57:22
Ah, good to know. The gaming community seems to really be pushing back against this kind of monetization, the greed of EA, Activision,, Bethesda, etc. Perhaps real world extension virtual world's won't come from gaming . . . 
@_date: 2018-11-26 04:42:07
The Bitcoin network requires mining to persist. Mining by definition requires resources and capital to be performed. Those resources and capital constitute a price being paid for newly minted bitcoin. Therefore, the only way for bitcoin to go to zero is for the network to cease to exist entirely. 
The network is what constitutes intrinsic value in Bitcoin, that intrinsic value lies in an unhackable public digital ledger, an instrument of historic innovative weight, and one that cannot exist without the digital currency, bitcoin, acting to provide the network's crypto-economic security base.
For bitcoin to go to zero, the value of the blockchain must also go to zero. For the value of Bitcoin's blockchain to go to zero it must be discovered that the security of blockchain technology is irrelevant to its value. As long as security is seen as a vital principal of blockchain tech, the fact that Bitcoin has the world's most secure blockchain guarantees its continued value. With that value guaranteed, the network's security is likewise guaranteed, and with the security guaranteed, the network's value and its associated token is guaranteed. 
The only way for Bitcoin to go to zero, at least under the current circumstances, is for blockchain technology to disappear. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 18:24:44


The problem with gold being physically cumbersome was not its only liquidity problem; it was, more importantly, its difficulty to lend. "Fractional reserve" makes lending orders of magnitude easier to perform than in a world of base currency only. And while paper money's ease of use may have initially bootstrapped it, it was actually the way it made lending so easy and popular that eventually made it a far more liquid, and therefore "precious," form of money to society than precious metals.
When gold and silver were the only forms of money, in order to lend you needed to actually acquire the gold and silver you wanted to lend in the first place. This could take generations of wealth accumulation.  Furthermore, you couldn't lend more money than what you actually had which greatly limited the supply of lending. Finally, lending was far riskier because you were actually parting with your own gold, making the demand for creditworthy borrowers far higher. All in all, lending became limited to nobility and this helped to limit upward mobility in society.
With "fractional reserve," on the other hand, you technically didn't need any money at all to lend---at the very least you could lend far more than you actually had---and you lent promises to pay gold rather than your actual gold itself, so you didn't expose yourself to as great a risk which allowed you to lend to far less creditworthy borrowers. Fractional reserve was the birth of lending to the masses. It led to the modern age, essentially, by allowing ordinary people to create businesses just off of an idea and a work ethic without requiring generations of familial accumulated wealth.
While fractional reserve may have started due to the superior ease of use and transport of paper money over gold, once the effects were felt, once society experienced the benefits of upward mobility made possible through borrowing, the cat was out of the bag and fractional reserve remained not because paper was easier to use, but because paper made lending to the masses possible. The fact that society now had to deal with booms and busts was conveniently ignored because most people would rather there be upward mobility in society than return to the feudal era where your economic station was permanently locked in, even if it meant the volatility of credit expansions/contractions.
In short, paper money won out over precious metals because it was a more liquid form of money: both because it involved less friction in physical use, but more importantly because it made lending easier. Crypto will win out over fiat for similar reasons, but bitcoin maximalists think just the opposite: they imagine that by limiting crypto's liquidity they can make it more attractive than fiat, by getting rid of altcoins, by getting rid of smart contracts, by getting rid any use of the blockchain other than the use of its base currency, bitcoin, you have a kind of digital gold that solves the transportability limitations of gold that gave rise to the "perverted" fractional reserve system in the first place.
But that's not why fractional reserve exists, it exists because money is about providing society with liquidity, and people want to lend and borrow, a desire that will not disappear with bitcoin. Even if the bitcoin maximalist utopia came true, and bitcoin were the only currency, the difficulty of lending bitcoin directly to people would inevitably lead to bitcoin IOUs which ordinary people would increasingly begin to trust and rely upon because of the availability and superior liquidity. The young person starting a business would not be able to afford a bitcoin loan, but he could afford a bitcoin-IOU loan. The services he would need to use and pay for his own business would be forced to accept the bitcoin-IOU or give up on a potential customer. And why shouldn't they accept the IOU? They could simply take it to Coinbase and exchange it for real bitcoin, so it is almost as good as bitcoin itself, like being paid with a check. Soon, many people would be treating these IOUs as almost as good as bitcoin itself. Do you see where this is going? Fractional reserve, short of being outlawed by every world government, would inevitably arise even in a bitcoin maximalist utopia.
@_date: 2019-01-07 17:02:07
Sorry that you got so many down votes, you are raising some important points.
I agree with your assertion that gold has intrinsic value, where intrinsic value is defined as: A) having utility beyond its use as money and B) where that utility cannot be replicated by anything else. (Saying gold has no intrinsic value because value is "subjective" is a straw man argument.) Where I find flaw is in your assumption that Bitcoin lacks intrinsic value.
Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin, once wrote a post on this topic:














The point here is that scarcity that can be transported in the digital space is intrinsically valuable. It doesn't qualify to meet our traditional monetary definition of "intrinsic value," however, because A) it is a utility that is difficult to separate from its use as money and B) it is a utility that seemingly can be replicated by altcoins, as you suggested. 
Now with regard to A, that it is a utility that is difficult to separate from its role as money, Satoshi went on to write this:


In other words, Satoshi believed that money in and of itself has intrinsic value, that it is indispensable to society in its utility, and that therefore even if we could not find a commodity from which to make money that had pre-existing utility, we would still use something. 
I completely agree with this point. The main purpose of "intrinsic value" is to lend confidence to a currency, but a currency does not inherently require that that confidence be derived from intrinsic value, as fiat money has demonstrated. If the Bitcoin network provides a unique utility, specifically designed to make value transfer in the digital space possible, and this utility is not easily replicated, then that in itself may be its intrinsic value. This, of course, brings us to your main concern:
B, that Bitcoin's utility, the ability transmit scarcity in the digital space, can be recreated by other cryptocurrencies and therefore is not unique to Bitcoin. The problem is that cryptos depend on the network effect for their security, and without security their ability to preserve scarcity in the digital space becomes compromised. In other words, less popular cryptos are effectively worse at value transfer than bitcoin because they lack security. This is further aggravated by their lack of liquidity: the more valuable cryptos--the most valuable of which is Bitcoin--have more liquidity than the lessor known cryptos, and this makes them better at their core utility which is preserving and transferring value in the digital space. 
Cryptos are networks, and consequently they are heavily dependent on network effects. Facebook and even the internet itself are good examples of networks whose value became locked in to the point where we might even call it "intrinsic." When Facebook and the internet were new, they had competitors and it was easy to imagine that they could simply be replaced by those competitors. To suggest the internet provided intrinsic value to society early on would have been laughed at, yet today few would dispute that. 
The point is, you can't simply recreate Bitcoin. You or I could not simply fire up our own blockchain and "poof!" have accomplished an equal value transfer network. So in this sense, Bitcoin actually is like gold in that in the same way gold is the best metal from which to make jewelry, Bitcoin is the best network to transfer value. This property Satoshi spoke of is, relatively speaking, unique to Bitcoin.
And while it is true that Bitcoin has competitors, like Ethereum or XRP, that is not at all unlike saying gold has competitors in silver or copper. The only difference is that it is not yet a done deal that Bitcoin will emerge as the most popular network. One of the primary reasons to suggest Bitcoin won't end up as the primary network is because it actually isn't completely fulfilling its mandate as a value transfer network, but that is another topic. At some point a most popular network will exist and at that point one will be hard pressed to suggest we could simply switch to another network on a whim when so much is dependent upon it. The ability to transfer value in the digital space will, ultimately, be a property that "can't be replicated" for all intents and purposes, and therefore the network upon which we rely for such will be considered intrinsically valuable, along with its associated token.  
@_date: 2019-01-29 17:56:51
Let's say Joe wanted to launder money for a drug cartel. He takes his dirty money and buys a bunch of WoW gold with it. He then transfers that gold to player Xenia who then uses the gold to purchase items on the auction house from players Wyon and Bigbutt who then use their newly acquired gold to purchase items over the auction house from players Smartface, Idiowin, Cacfact and Runnynose. Smartface, Idiowin, Cacfact and Runnynose then sell that gold for USD and then use that money to purchase items from Joe through Ebay, thereby transferring clean money to him.
 
Are you suggesting that in this scenario, there was no monetary value for players Wyon and Bigbutt simply because they didn't purchase or sell the gold for USD?
I get what you are saying, and it seems like common sense and no one is about to tax WoW gold anytime soon. But from the point of view of the IRS and FinCEN, the fact is WoW gold has "inherent value," whether players in game know it or not. And should another game or virtual world become orders of magnitude bigger that WoW, such that large amounts of money is being transferred and made, will the government be intent to ignore it forever simply because a ToS exists? Value is being transferred, value is being made in-game, whether we choose to cover our eyes or not.     
@_date: 2019-01-06 18:06:01
I've always favored the layered approach where the base layer retains the kinds of stability characteristics emphasized by Song and the higher layers provide room for innovation. 
The innovative layers require a strong, dependable, secure, and trustworthy foundation. But it is also true that the stability layer becomes more secure the more services and projects depend upon it.
Gold does not magically act as a store of value. It's value depends on the fact that it has utility beyond its use as money. This is why gold continued to have value even after it was no longer being used as money. It is that fundamental utility that guarantees it will always have value that lends confidence in it as a store of value in the first place. Jewelry and the various uses of gold are, for the purposes of this conversation, the innovative layers of gold. They are human inventions built on top of the base layer of the raw metal that give that base layer what people call "intrinsic value." That is to say, the intrinsic value of gold is not a magical, god-given property, it comes from the higher layers of innovation that make gold indispensable to society.
For Bitcoin to be likened to gold, to be "digital gold" as it were, it must, like gold, have something akin to "intrinsic value," otherwise the comparison is not fitting. For gold, the intrinsic value comes from the innovative uses of gold such a jewelry and ornamentation. For crypto, the innovative uses are just now being explored. But the problem is, much of the culture of exploration isn't happening on Bitcoin, it is happening on other projects like Ethereum, and in response to this the Bitcoin culture seems to hardening into an anti-innovative stance as reflected by Song's tweet. 
Ironically, Jimmy Song and Vitalik Buterin used to be colleagues on the Colored Coins project back in 2013, a project that was meant to give Bitcoin erc20-like tokens.  When it became clear that Bitcoin was not conducive to this sort of thing, Vitalik committed himself even more to the concept and went on to create Ethereum; Jimmy had the opposite reaction and became convinced that the whole idea had been stupid. This divide echoes forth to this day, with innovators constantly favoring Ethereum (which has the largest developer community) and the Bitcoin community saying everything that is being done over there is dumb.
But the problem is, the more these competing networks like Ethereum become robust with projects depending upon them, when you have stock exchanges, derivatives, banking and lending riding on top of them, the more these networks become indispensable and gain the very properties of gold that Bitcoin prides itself as having. 
Bitcoin is poised to become the ultimate digital gold because it has focused heavily on security and trust, but gold did not become valuable just because of its shiny and malleability properties, it had to be used. And while Ethereum and EOS may be creating jewelry out of lead and tin, the fact is they are at an advantage for even creating jewelry at all while Bitcoin twiddles its thumbs. Bitcoin offers the promise of creating jewelry out of a superior metal, but it won't matter if the curmudgeons of the space won't let it. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 03:29:00
The issue isn't whether WoW gold is taxable, it is whether it is considered a convertible virtual currency like bitcoin---which the IRS basically defines as any virtual currency which can be exchanged for USD, a definition that WoW gold meets---at which point you would get taxed in all the additional ways bitcoin does. It would be great if you were only taxed for exchanging bitcoin for USD, but you also get taxed for mining it and for exchanging it for any other thing of value. If that applied to WoW gold, you would get taxed for mining it, which in WoW's case constitutes basically anytime you pick up loot:


And trading WoW gold for other in-game items would likewise be considered a taxable event in the same way that trading crypto-to-crypto is considered taxable.
The question isn't whether trading WoW gold for USD is taxable, but why isn't simply mining WoW gold (i.e., loot) or exchanging it for other items on the in-game auction house not treated similarly to crypto?
@_date: 2019-01-29 18:46:45
The IRS is clear that centralized virtual currencies are potentially taxable. It doesn't matter who "owns" the currency or who is the administrator of the currency, what matters is whether the currency can be used to transfer value. 
After all, all centralized currencies have some administrator who has ultimate control over the currency, whether that is Coinbase with USDC, Bancor with their smart contract ability to confiscate funds, Amazon with their credits, Blizzard with WoW gold, or even the Federal Reserve with the US dollar. If you violate the government's Terms of Service (i.e., the law), they can legally empty your bank accounts, and they have no more technical difficulty in doing so than a WoW administrator because they control the currency. How is that fundamentally different than WoW gold? Particularly when governments completely outlaw cash, which we all know is inevitable. You don't own even your USD, at least not in the hard sense that you are talking about. 
@_date: 2018-11-03 19:03:10
In the early days, Silk Road constituted the majority of bitcoin use, so anyone providing bitcoin financial services---including Charlie---knew that it was inevitable they were facilitating money laundering. Yes, there was that "gotcha!" moment that provided the government legal grounds for conviction, but we all know Charlie, and everyone else involved in Bitcoin financial services in those days, knew they were inevitably breaking some law because of Silk Road. Charlie ended up being one of the fall guys. The important thing here is that had people like Charlie not been willing to take that risk, it is doubtful bitcoin would ever have caught on.
Silk Road is what took bitcoin out of theory and into real use. Silk Road is what provided bitcoin with a market, with demand. Silk Road proved beyond any doubt that bitcoin actually worked. Silk Road was so instrumental to Bitcoin's early success that the early pioneers like Charlie could not have avoided it and remained in business. Why do you think so many people are upset that Ulbricht is rotting in jail?
The truth is, it is very unlikely that bitcoin could ever have moved from inception to what it is today without this period in which its utility was proven. And it is very unlikely that that could have happened without the Silk Road or some similar marketplace.
To this day Amazon doesn't accept bitcoin, it certainly wasn't going to do so back in those days. And, besides, bitcoin was very difficult to get in the first place, even if by some miracle a large retailer decided to accept it, who would have bothered?The only people who were willing to go out of their way to get it were people who needed it because with it they could buy drugs online, something they couldn't do with fiat. But this need is what provided bitcoin with enough demand to give rise to the early exchanges, mainly Mt Gox, which provided it with enough liquidity to work and prove its utility. It was its initial use on the Silk Road that moved it out of seed phase.
Now once that utility was proven, once Silk Road demonstrated bitcoin was real, investors began to flood in which constituted the run up in price from less than ten dollars to over a thousand. This run up is what birthed the early liquidity ecosystem (Coinbase coming out of that period, for example). That's when Silk Road was taken down and people like Shrem and Ulbricht were thrown in jail. But these early pioneers who were so instrumental in bootstrapping bitcoin were now no longer needed, they served their function which was to prove bitcoin was real. Now more compliant oriented exchanges were positioned to take over and Bitcoin transitioned from the period were Silk Road proved its fundamentals, into being a speculative investment.
But none of any of it would have happened without those early guys who were willing to break the law.
@_date: 2017-09-27 13:34:04


Spam -- which I agree with you is valid economic activity -- is the reason fees will never be cheap for any sustained period, regardless of what the block capacity is. This is because there is always economic value to spamming the network. Raising the block weight only decreases the cost of spam, which encourages more spam use cases. It doesn't decrease the demand for spam, in fact it will increase the demand for spam by making spam a more viable long term economic strategy. Larger block capacity will result in more spam which will drive the network fees up to the same levels they enjoyed prior to the block increase. 
This is why if our genuine concern is with network fees, second layer solutions are the key to getting what we want. It is also why I do not believe most big blockers care about network fees, but rather care about more use cases for the base blockchain. 
However, those use cases can all be achieved through pegged sidechains. I believe big blockers are fighting against their own interests without knowing it.
@_date: 2017-09-24 04:46:23
As Luke-jr once pointed out, once pegged sidechains become a thing, we can simply create another blockchain with larger capacity that is pegged to the main chain. We can have as many chains as we want, we could have bitcoin segwit, bitcoin segwit2x, and bitcoin cash all as part of the same network, without all of these hard forks and without diluting the value of the 21 million supply.
@_date: 2019-01-21 18:11:36
If the government defaults on its debt, then we have a problem---considering the USD is primarily backed by US Treasury bonds. And the way this government is going . . . 
@_date: 2019-01-14 18:34:53
Central bank money, fiat money, is really just a kind of stable coin, much like the new Ethereum backed stable coin, Dai. Once a stable coin determines what it wants to be stable against, it preserves that stability through a combination of an adjustable supply and backing from other assets. This is how Dai works, this is how the US dollar works.
What is particularly special about the US dollar, however, is that traditionally it A) has enjoyed a monopoly in the US by acting as the national currency and B) has been backed almost entirely by the debt of the US government. 
The interesting thing is that both A and B are no longer strictly true, and all indications are that they should continue to erode with time. Crypto is opening the world up to private money and is offering a free market alternative to the monopoly of national currency. The public is slowly opening to the idea that currency needn't be a monopoly. 
And the US dollar is no longer backed exclusively with government debt. The 2008 financial crisis forced central banks to have to have to back the currency with other assets which they bought from commercial banks in order to bail them out. 
So today, central bank money no longer really looks like national currency in the strong sense we are used to: it is no longer strictly tied to its respective government through being limited to carrying that respective government's debt, and it is no longer monopolistic. Of course, we have barely entered this new age where fiat money becomes just one choice among many, but the first steps have been taken. 
Digital stable coins like Dai--whose value comes from decentralized, blockchain-based banking rather than institutional banking--will begin to peg to more abstract metrics of value rather than to just another currency. At that point, they will be acting exactly as central banks themselves, except they won't require inflation, will be global and cross border, and will be algorithmic and transparent. These global stable coins will be backed in large part by bitcoin and many of them will exist on the Bitcoin network. These decentralized banks and their corresponding currencies will, over time, replace central banking and fiat money.  
You see, bitcoin is a commodity based money with a fixed supply. It is digital gold. Yes, Satoshi said it was "peer-to-peer cash," but it isn't. I understand why he said that, bitcoin is peer-to-peer like cash, but that is where the analogy ends. Cash is printed banker money, it is money that needs to be backed by assets because of its flexible supply. Stable coins like Maker's Dai are the true digital imitations of cash: like cash they are peer-to-peer, but they are also printed into existence, have a flexible supply, and require backing in order to preserve value. This types of stable coins represent the long term future of banking.
But stable coins cannot exist without blockchains and you cannot make a blockchain out of a stablecoin. And public blockchains depend on digital base currency which is what bitcoin is. Bitcoin is digital gold, it has intrinsic value because it is the basis for the most secure public blockchain network in the world. Eventually it will be one of the only blockchains in the world. Any hardcore stablecoin will want to exist on top it and will want to be transported over a robust payment layer like the lightning network. And algorithmic stable coins will have to be backed by digital assets (and any old world assets backing them will first have to be digitized) which will heavily include bitcoin. Bitcoin is building the infrastructure for the 21st century's financial system. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 18:29:03
This sort of thing doesn't work in the modern world.
The problem is that banks can simply borrow the liquidity they require from other sources (principally, central banks), they don't technically need deposits from their customers at all, at least for liquidity purposes.
Deposits are loans from the customer to the bank which the bank pays interest on. When customers withdrawals that money, they are in effect calling in that loan. If all the customers do this at once, the bank faces the problem of not actually having enough cash on hand to pay out to the customers.
In order to solve this problem, the bank need only borrow money from another source, similar to borrowing from one credit card in order to pay off another credit card. The "lender of last resort" is generally the central bank, whose very existence guarantees commercial banks always have a lender, even if the public won't lend to them because of situations like in France.  These commercial banks will go to their respective central bank, ask for cash, and the central bank will print some out and send them whatever they need as a loan. Because cash is physical, some practical difficulties may be faced in getting enough cash to the banks in a timely fashion, which is why they limit the amount customers can withdrawal per day under such circumstances. But what banks don't actually face is any kind of insolvency or existential crisis, because at the end of the day they remain as liquid in terms of base currency reserves and cash as they were to begin with, only now they owe interest to the central bank rather than private citizens.
@_date: 2019-01-29 04:16:09
If the US government doesn't pay its debt then no one will want to invest in it. If no one wants to invest in US government debt, this will cause interest rates to skyrocket which will cause a massive credit contraction and the stock market---and assets more broadly (including mortgage-backed securities)---which have been pumped by historically low interest rates, to collapse.
The Federal Reserve's balance sheet consists almost entirely of mortgage backed securities and US Treasury bonds. In the above scenario, their assets would evaporate and we would be facing massive inflation in the US dollar. And with the dollar facing inflation, the Fed would still be forced to lend to the US government, making the matter even worse. The government would have no choice but to severely limit its spending which would probably cause a depression.
Whether the details play out exactly like this or not, the point is, a massive military isn't worth much if you can't pay for it. The US has the world's largest military because it is the world's richest country, not the other way around.
@_date: 2017-09-05 05:25:41
People aren't allowed to use bitcoin in China for purchasing goods and services, so it's basically banned. ICOs essentially broke that ban, because now there was something people actually wanted to buy that required bitcoin (or one of the other major cryptos) to purchase. This greatly increased the usefulness of bitcoin in China, it meant it was actually being used to buy stuff with, which made investors aware of its long term potential and the way it is uniquely suited for exchange in a growing crypto-economy. Banning ICOs is, essentially, an attack on bitcoin by returning it to its previous neutered status, as a coin that can be exchanged for fiat but is not allowed to be used for anything else.  
@_date: 2019-01-29 01:46:44
The IRS gave us [Notice 2014-21]( which offers guidance on "how existing general tax principles apply to transactions using virtual currency." Beyond that, I am not aware of any further guidance they have provided.
In the document,  the IRS doesn't distinguish between cryptocurrencies (e.g., blockchain based currencies) and other kinds of digital currencies. The notice only deals with "virtual currencies" in general and claims that virtual currencies become taxable if they are what they call "convertible," which the IRS defines as follows:


*By this definition, World of Warcraft gold is most definitely a convertible currency.* Anyone who has played these types of games knows that they are plagued by what are known as "gold farmers." These are people---usually groups of people or businesses based in countries like China---who are playing the game solely to earn gold in order to sell that gold for national currencies, usually US dollars. An individual can go to websites and purchase WoW gold for US dollars and these websites frequently provide ways for people to sell their WoW gold for US dollars. I believe some MMO games' currency is available for purchase through Ebay. So many of these games' currency definitely have "an equivalent value in real currency."
*Because WoW gold is a convertible virtual currency, by the IRS's own guidelines, it is considered taxable property.*


The IRS also claims that mining virtual currencies should be treated as income. Since one mines WoW gold by killing monsters in game and collecting loot, logically simply playing the game in the normal way should be considered a taxable event:


The issue becomes even more complicated because there is nothing in the guidance that indicates a virtual currency must be fungible. When you consider that most special items---i.e., non-fungible items---in a game like WoW also have market value in real dollars on various websites---magical swords and armor that are in high demand, for example---there is no reason to believe they aren't also considered taxable property. It seems fairly obvious that selling these items for real dollars would be a taxable event, but the laws with regard to mining income clearly imply that simply looting such items is also taxable.
To make matters worse, with the the new tax laws removing the possibility of applying "like-kind" exchange to virtual currencies, this suggests whenever you sell items in game---i.e., exchange one form of digital property into another over the in-game market---that too would be considered a taxable event. Since players frequently earn gold by playing the auction house---buying low and selling high as in any other market---simply buying and selling items in-game could be considered taxable:


I think most people would consider it acceptable that selling WoW gold for US dollars or other items outside of the WoW in-game economy should be taxable. But the current laws around "virtually currencies" clearly imply that virtually any economic activity in-game---whether that is killing monsters and collecting loot, or trading items using the auction house, or even crafting---is taxable.
@_date: 2018-11-01 23:00:57
[Youtube: Money creation in the modern economy (BoE)](
@_date: 2019-01-29 03:16:46
But that's the whole point, if you can sell it for real money on ebay, it "has an equivalent value in real currency" which the IRS states is the definition of convertible. And once it is "convertible," all the same rules that apply to bitcoin apply to it.
@_date: 2019-01-23 18:45:58
Bitcoin was designed---and maintained in its early years---by a single individual whose vision, creativity, and inventiveness weighed primary, even over his technical skills (many people suggest Satoshi probably wasn't even a trained programmer).
When Satoshi left, he left it in the hands of people who really were the opposite of him: they were a group of quibbling technocrats rather than an individual of genius and vision.
The Core devs were expert programmers, better programmers than Satoshi himself, but they lacked Satoshi's creativity, vision, or definite direction. Satoshi dictated the direction of bitcoin early on in a centralized way, the Core devs were a decentralized group of individuals all over the planet who struggled to arrive at consensus over even minor changes. Even if among them there were visionaries, those people had no chance of convincing the others to go along with their vision (which is why so many of the visionary types began their own projects). Without Satoshi, in other words, no one really knew definitively what direction Bitcoin should take, a problem so fundamental that it eventually erupted in a civil war.
This is really at the root of Bitcoin's ossification, and many Bitcoiners even tout Bitcoin's decentralized leadership as one of its primary strengths. Bitcoin is unable to easily innovate at the base layer, but that also guarantees that it cannot be manipulated. And should it prove an open platform for permission-less innovation at 2nd layers, it will actually be stronger for having such an unmovable foundation.
@_date: 2019-01-24 06:21:29
Killer Mike's question, "Is the banking mafia ever gonna let that happen?" is really, I'd suggest, the fundamental source of doubt driving this bear market. The fact that the bear market literally began with the introduction of the CBOE's futures market has everyone a bit on edge, and this is a large part---again, just my suggestion---of why there has been such a strong desire to see an ETF or some other indication that Wall Street is choosing to embrace crypto, if only to counter the existential anxiety that the endless power of money printing can be, and is intent on being, used to short this market into oblivion.  If we survive this, the alleviation of Killer Mike's concern will trigger a massive global FOMO the likes none of us can fully appreciate until its been lived.
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:44:02
The fact that fees have dropped dramatically demonstrates that whoever was behind the spam -- assuming that's what it was -- isn't particularly interested in 2x. If they were, they would continue to try to raise fees in order to encourage the felt need for a 2x block size increase. The political campaign for 2x also seems anemic and r/btc seems entirely obsessed with BCH and basically indifferent to 2x.
So big blockers don't want 2x and small blockers don't want 2x, and since 2x was meant to be a compromise between these two groups, the natural conclusion is that if neither group wants the compromise, there's no reason to continue to push for it. The fact that it continues to be pushed makes one pause to consider the possibility that the real intent behind 2x was never to offer compromise, but something else entirely. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 21:00:33
It is really a bit of a no-brainer: The cheapest energy one can acquire is underutilized renewable energy, energy that for one reason or another is not being consumed (either because there is not enough demand within its area of reach, or because the infrastructure for distribution isn't sufficient) and cannot be stored. It is therefore inevitable that this particular type of energy will become the go-to for most bitcoin/crypto mining. Because the only real criteria for a crypto mining business's choice of location is the cost of electricity, and because it is in the interest of renewable energy businesses to sell their excess energy, crypto mining will inevitably fill in the gaps between the upfront costs of building renewable energy plants and the time delay before those plants are able to actually reach full capacity. 
Apparently, this is already happening:


What this means, practically speaking, is that bitcoin/crypto mining has the potential to dramatically reduce the risk associated with building new renewable plants by guaranteeing that they are profitable much faster due to their ability to utilize their full capacity immediately. Not only will bitcoin/crypto mining inevitably come to rely on green energy because of the cheap cost of underutilized renewable energy, but crypto, in turn, has the potential to dramatically accelerate the rise and adoption of clean energy. There is a reciprocal relationship here that has the possibility of turning the conversation from "bitcoin is harmful to the environment," to "bitcoin is helping to save the environment."


@_date: 2017-09-08 05:15:03
I'm surprised that after years of the scaling debate, and the magnitude, ferocity, and impact it had, people are unwilling to acknowledge that politics plays nearly as big a role in the Bitcoin network as do economics and math.
It really shouldn't be surprising to people. Money, law, and politics are, and always have been, intimately connected. In Bitcoin's case, those three are expressed in bitcoin, math or the code, and debates over consensus changes, respectively. As much as many people want to say that some consensus changes are just science, that sentiment in itself -- no matter how true -- is a political one, meant to bolster the side that claims to have the true "science." 
@_date: 2017-09-05 15:29:00
If Satoshi revealed himself, it sure as hell would make a difference. People such as yourself would probably protest and insist we shouldn't care, but you wouldn't be heard. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 15:08:37
Yes. The block size debate did not turn into two camps despising one another over night, it took several years and began as a very technical argument -- in fact, it began among the Core developers -- then slowly became ideological and political and spilled into the broader Bitcoin community, and eventually resulted in two split communities who now generally insult one another without ever bothering to make actual arguments anymore. Add to that the huge influx of new bitcoiners, and an actual hard fork forever separating the two camps, and you have a situation where the origins of the debate are all but lost to newcomers, except those who seek to understand its background and do some historical digging. It is like a war between two people who no longer remember why they hate each other, they just do, and they sustain that hate through continued fresh attacks and insults.
The truth is, however, that the Bitcoin community used to be one big family, everyone was on the same team and everyone appreciated one another's views on bitcoin, even if they didn't line up exactly with your own. It was always my strong opinion that the community should seek a way to heal the divide and come to compromise, which is why I initially supported Segwit2x (even though I strongly oppose it now).
@_date: 2017-09-08 15:19:31


Harmony means what is good for the individual is good for the masses, and vice versa. When you prioritize one at the expense of the other, that is the opposite of "harmony."
@_date: 2017-09-30 16:04:49
The issue is over who controls the branding, who gets the name "Bitcoin," which network, in the case of a fork, gets that privilege? 
In capitalism, a healthy free market implies competition between various businesses. We have the analogue of that in the competition bitcoin enjoys from various altcoins. But what happens when a power struggle *within Bitcoin itself occurs*? What happens when the network splits in two and finds itself unsure which side gets to be called the real "bitcoin?" There is no adequate analogy to this, as far as I know, in meat space economics. 
What is clear, however, is that in capitalist societies, branding is protected by the government, not the free market. If Bitcoin were a company, it would be illegal to attempt to steal the title after a fork. 
@_date: 2017-09-04 23:06:42


In my opinion, yes. 
The 2017 hype cycle wasn't led by Bitcoin, it was led by the tokens and smart contracts revolution -- what we used to call "Bitcoin 2.0" -- which was always the killer app this technology was looking for, what the market was longing for, and the natural evolution from the base layer that [Satoshi himself envisioned]( We are experiencing the token revolution in its first form, which we call "ICOs." Tokens allow a variety of projects, beyond just new blockchains, to monetize and provide utility for their platforms. An attack on ICOs is, consequently, really an attack on the promise of all crypto platforms, including Bitcoin. 
The world's first ICO was MasterCoin (aka Omni), which used a token built on the Bitcoin blockchain back in 2013. But Bitcoin wasn't able to create a 2.0 friendly space and lost the field to Ethereum. Nevertheless, you can't really separate Bitcoin 2.0 from blockchain tech in general, anymore than you can separate the Web from the internet. One inevitably gives rise to the other. Bitcoin, always conservative, hasn't yet realized or accepted this fully, but it will, and if it intends to compete long run will require integrating these technologies in a sophisticated way.
You see, many people have been looking for how bitcoin can displace existing monies for buying things like coffee or concert tickets. Everyone has been longing for a killer app that will make everyone switch to crypto from fiat. Yet the killer app has been staring us in the face all along. ICOs essentially represent the first form of that killer app. The ability for ordinary people, non-credited investors, to invest directly in, gain partial ownership of, and participate in the actualization of networks of utility and innovation is huge.
In order to invest in crypto projects built on an existing blockchain requires that you possess the currency of the base network. Almost all ICOs require that you own crypto to invest. This is essentially a sphere where fiat money cannot go, consequently it is the killer app that crypto needs, something that only crypto can be used for. Many in Bitcoin are in denial about this because of the way Ethereum stole the show, but after years of no killer app emerging that would get people using Bitcoin for more than hodling, one need only look at what is happening in the rest of the crypto space to see the writing on the wall. 
The reason people aren't really using bitcoin much is because there is no need to use it for buying ordinary things. Why purchase a Steam game with bitcoin when you can use a credit card? But in order to purchase an ICO you usually require crypto. These ICOs are giving rise to projects that will themselves give rise to other projects, all of which will require crypto to participate in. An entire virtual economy is being built, in its earliest stages, that will eventually become a space of economic exchange that rivals meat space. At that point it will become obvious that crypto is truly internet money and no one will continue to ask where it gets its value from.
But many people in the Bitcoin space just want a currency that will replace fiat money, that will otherwise just be used for the same boring stuff that we already use money for. The secret is in building a crypto-economy that specifically creates demand for crypto, and many people in Bitcoin haven't yet grasped this, still waiting for Amazon.com to accept bitcoin. Others are waiting for a collapse of the fiat system and for everyone to flee into bitcoin. But these types of views are terribly short sighted and hoping on circumstances beyond Bitcoin's control. What you want is to build projects that bitcoin is actually needed for, projects that people will want to use, that is what will give rise to the currency's self-evident utility.  
These crypto economies will be the heart of what makes crypto invaluable to society. And with time, that value may rise to replace the legacy system and its money. But the replacement of fiat money will coincide with the gradually trend of economic activity moving to the virtually space and out of meat space. As the digital realm becomes more important economically than Starbucks, so too will its money.
Since ICOs represent the foundation of how that crypto economy gets built, attacks against ICOs really represents an effort to stifle the crypto economy. Since the crypto economy is what will ultimately drive the value of cryptocurrencies, an attack on ICOs is ultimately an attack on cryptocurrency in general.
We are in very early days, everyone knew the government would eventually come for crypto. We just didn't anticipate that governments would actually feel more threatened by ICOs than Bitcoin. But it should be obvious why governments would feel this way. Bitcoin is a base currency of restricted supply and apparently of limited utility. Tokenization gives the power of money printing to the people to fund god knows what, a much harder phenomena to control and a meaningful threat to the legacy system. 
Now that Bitcoin has segwit, it is only a matter of time before it has robust token creation and smart contract platforms. Hopefully projects built out of the Bitcoin network will understand the importance of censorship resistance the same way Bitcoin does. 
@_date: 2017-09-03 16:14:58
Fractional reserve banking is simply a form of money creation, and money creation is not the problem. The problem is when a select minority is granted this power while it is made illegal for everyone else. This effectively enslaves people to the money creators. It is one of the greatest injustices of the modern age. 
Many people -- or at least of those who have ever bothered to actually think about the money system, which already places them in the minority -- intuit that there is something wrong with fractional reserve lending because of the way banks have the power to create money out of thin air. That just reeks of the game being rigged from the start. 
However, it is important to realize that while bankers can "print" money, they cannot simply create value out of thin air. The power they have been given is the power to redistribute value, or control the flow of value, mostly re-directed toward themselves. 
In other words, the flow of value that comes out of the monetary system is not being directed by a free and open market, it isn't being directed by society weighing the relative virtues and priorities of the multitude of economic concerns. It is being directed, top-down, by a cabal who have dictatorial power over the entire system all exercised through the control of the flow and creation of money that the currency monopoly grants them.
When we speak of the "banking system," we are really referring to a single entity. It is true that there are many competing commercial banks and financial institutions, but ultimately they are all selling the same product -- their country's national currency -- a product that is being produced by a single entity. You can liken it to the way a business has many employees all competing for the promotion or the boss's approval, but all ultimately working for the same entity. 
That entity, in the case of fiat money systems, is the central bank. Central banks are essentially businesses whose product is the national currency and who have been legally granted a monopoly so that they never face competition.
It is this monopoly that is so vital to understand when attempting to grasp the workings of the modern monetary system. For example, we are regularly told that a steady rate of inflation is optimal for the economy. But this is only true because of the monetary monopoly. 
The primary reason a steady rate of inflation is so vital to fiat money systems is because, contrary to popular sentiment, money creation is essential to an economy. If there isn't enough money in the economy then money is simply failing to perform its most important task: providing liquidity. It becomes like a car with a broken engine, useless. Under this scenario, the value of money continues to rise as more and more people become desperate to get it, and those who have it hodl it in response to its appreciation, and suddenly people are engaging in less and less economic activity because they are too afraid to spend their money. Furthermore, lending dries up because the rapid rise in price makes defaults increasingly likely, and consequently people are unable to convert non-liquid assets into liquidity to be used for economic exchange.  
Just look at bitcoin as a case in point. I believe there is a top reddit post just today talking about how the OP is buying less and less things in order to hoard more bitcoin, and overtime the community is increasingly accepting the idea that bitcoin is "digital gold," to be hodled rather than used. 
Bitcoin detractors often point to its deflationary nature as an indication that it would never work as a world currency upon which everyone depended. *And they are right to an extent.* A world in which bitcoin is the only currency available won't happen barring dramatic changes to its monetary policy. However, this isn't a problem precisely because Bitcoin is not a monopoly. 
In other words, if you have a world in which a wide variety of competing currencies exist and in which money creation is no longer tightly controlled by a small minority who use it to gain power over the economy, but rather is available to all, then you never have issues where money fails to provide liquidity. Consequently, not only do deflationary currencies cease to present a threat, but are actually quite important to such a system. In a free and open market of competing currencies, deflationary currencies fulfill the role that is being artificially recreated in the banking system by interest payments on deposits.
In economies where there exists only one monopoly currency, the money inevitably becomes whatever is best for the money creators and worse for everyone else. Money creators are going to seek to find that perfect sweet spot of inflation where they maximize their profits, while doing the least harm to their product. 2% per year is apparently the magic number. But if these currencies had to actually compete, the currencies that would dominant would be those the users found most valuable and useful to them, the best currencies would eventually rise to the top, and those would have designs that tend to favor the users over the money creators. 
In Bitcoin, the money creators are the miners, and we have already seen how dangerous these miners can become. If Bitcoin were to be the one currency to rule them all, if it were to be a monopoly much like fiat money today, it is inevitable that these miners would eventually assume control over the monetary policy in ways that favors them and would be indistinguishable from modern bankers. It is actually the robust ecosystem of competing currencies that ultimately keeps these miners in check, for it greatly increases the risk of destroying the product through unpopular monetary policy changes.  
Bitcoin maximalism is a dangerous philosophy for the future of Bitcoin for a variety of reasons. I have outlined two here: 1) Bitcoin cannot provide enough economic liquidity on its own, but within a robust competitive market, liquidity ceases to be an issue and Bitcoin becomes extremely valuable in its ability to act as a store of value and secure reserve currency and 2) currency competition is the key not only to freedom, but to sound money in the first place. Without that competition, Bitcoin will become corrupt.  
 
   
    
 
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:48:45
An attack incoming?
@_date: 2017-09-05 15:40:51
It just seems self-evident to me -- perhaps not to you -- that if Satoshi revealed himself and voiced his opinions they would carry a lot of weight, a lot more weight than yours or mine. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 14:38:34
Again, the problem is that there is no such thing as a "losing chain." There will be two chains, both existing indefinitely, both possessing value. One chain may be more valuable than the other chain, but there is no guarantee that it will indefinitely remain more valuable, anymore than any altcoin is guaranteed to always remain more valuable over its competitors. 
Ultimately, the goal of both hard forks, Bitcoin Cash and now Bitcoin 2x, is to become more valuable than Bitcoin and thereby usurp it's branding. But if the branding can simply swap according to whichever chain becomes more valuable, we could have a scenario where one week "Bitcoin" refers to one chain, the next week to another, at which point the label loses its potency and will cease to be used overtime because it creates more market confusion than clarity.
That is to say, if both the Core and 2x chains manage to retain comparable market caps, and a big battle ensures over which chain gets to be called "Bitcoin" -- with some exchanges and wallets recognizing Core as such and others recognizing 2x as such -- the level of confusion, the number of lawsuits and lost funds, the damage to blockchain reputation, and the inefficiency all this brings to the market will be so great, that eventually there will be no choice but to give both chains clear, universally recognized labels, "Bitcoin Core," and "Bitcoin 2x," for instance. Under this scenario, the solo term "Bitcoin" will simply ceased to be used. Which means, from a branding point of view, Bitcoin will simply cease to exist. 
 
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:20:12
Tech is important, but only up to a point. There is a point where the tech is "good enough," after which competitors to Bitcoin can only gain so much traction through trying to sell superior tech in those areas which are already "good enough." 
@_date: 2017-10-13 10:57:31
All that network difficulty really is, is the price the network is selling bitcoin for. Consequently, difficulty will eventually gravitate toward the price on exchanges. So why not simply say they will apply the label 'bitcoin' to whichever chain is most valuable?
The reason they don't say that is because of the lag during which the price the network sells bitcoin for adjusts to the price exchanges are selling it for. This lag is due to the difficulty of arbitraging, since in order to buy bitcoin from the network one requires mining equipment. 
This lag affords blockchain.com the opportunity to attempt to manipulate the market, by calling the B2X chain -- which the majority of hash power has committed to initially favor -- "bitcoin," they hope they can help inspire the broader market to value B2X more.  
@_date: 2017-10-08 14:49:42
There's never been anything like Bitcoin before, so we are all scrambling to best interpret and predict where things are going. 
Bitcoin marks the beginning of the end of 19/20th century economics -- which largely revolved around individuals, businesses, and corporations -- and the beginning of the move into 21st century economics which will revolve around networks. 
Networks don't achieve consensus through backroom deals and the power machinations of individuals, and users of these networks are not merely "consumers." These networks represents forms of distributed businesses in which anyone is free to participate and contribute. These are "businesses" that have no central ownership. They are, rather, organically grown out of the web of their participants. A "user" of Bitcoin is simultaneously an employee of Bitcoin, and an employee of Bitcoin is simultaneously an employer. 
Nevertheless, I do think the network would be more valuable if mining were more distributed. All bitcoiners should consider mining just a little out of love for the network, even if its not quite as profitable as buying from exchanges. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 17:42:28


I loved this part of your excellent post. 
Money is always made out of whatever existential substance society trusts and values most. When society valued and trusted land above all else, money was made out of metals from the earth. When it trusted and valued institutions above all else, the physical substance of money became secondary to its legal substance and money became made out of the obligations of the world's most powerful institutions. 
In the 21st century, value and trust is moving away from institutions and toward social networks and network driven A.I. Google is poised to become the world's most powerful institution, and yet it isn't the institution that people trust, it is the algorithmic A.I., its ability to provide information with absolute neutrality, and its ability to learn from the collective data of its users. Facebook, another powerful institution, isn't valued for the trustworthiness of the institution, but for the trustworthiness of the crowd that makes up the social network and the A.I.'s neutrality in facilitating that network.
Increasingly our lives will become dominated by neutral big data A.I. and our search for truth will come from dependence on social media rather than information provided top down from media institutions. Correspondingly, distrust in institutions will continue to grow. As this shift takes place, it is only natural that there will be a parallel shift in the existential substance out of which the most trusted money is made. 
For 21st century trust to gravitate toward Bitcoin, the network must consistently demonstrate it is worthy of that trust. It must be resistant to centralized control. If Bitcoin persists as a network that cannot be controlled and that is neutral, it very well could become a global reserve currency.  
@_date: 2017-09-24 04:28:39
In all fairness, Bobby Lee is great.            
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:53:26
Yup, if I drop this apple, there is absolutely no guarantee it won't float upward. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:33:40
Bitcoin and other cryptos do not work like traditional money, and it isn't just because they are appreciating in value. 
Investing in a crypto is really investing in its underlying network. In order to use the network, one requires that network's respective currency. Consequently, the more valuable the network becomes, the more demand there is for its native currency. 
Likewise, the more valuable bitcoin becomes, the more secure the network becomes and the more demand there is to use the network for crypto-economy projects. We haven't yet seen this demand fully express itself because the scaling war slowed Bitcoin innovation and prevented it from fully opening its doors to realize the demand, but once it does I expect a massive flood into bitcoin. We know the demand is there, look at Ethereum, and once bitcoin makes itself available to that demand it will be a sight to see. 
So investment into Bitcoin is essential for its growth, and its growth is essential to the use of its currency. 
The stronger Bitcoin's network becomes, the more projects and economic infrastructure depends upon it, the more the value of bitcoin becomes entrenched. Once it is understood that the only way for the value of the currency to be destroyed would be for its respective network to be destroyed, and when that network grows to the point of becoming indispensable to society in a way similar to how the internet is today, the reliability of bitcoin's value will seem as secure as the value of the US dollar. At that point one will actually be able to say that bitcoin has something akin to "intrinsic value" -- i.e., the concept that a money has value even if it ceases to be used as money.  
So it is essential to Bitcoin, and all cryptocurrencies, that its underlying currency be deflationary, at least during the growth phase. 
It is also important to point out that the crypto-economy involves many competing currencies, so we are dealing with a fundamentally different beast than national economies that rely on a single currency. **Because anyone is free to print their own money in the crypto-economy, it is vital that the base currencies be deflationary.** 
In fiat systems, you want a small amount of inflation to encourage lending and discourage loan defaults. When banks lend money, they do so by "printing" new money into existence. What prevents the system from spiraling into hyper-inflation is that money is destroyed when people repay their debts. Because there is always more debt in existence than money (since debt = money + interest) there has to be a constant rate of inflation to allow there to always be enough money to repay the debts. 
In the crypto-economy, by contrast, new money is printed into existence without usually having a way of being destroyed. This problem is obviated by the fact that new money usually comes in the form of new types of currencies, it isn't a printing of existing currencies. If someone wishes to print new money, for instance, they must create a new token, give it a new name, and sell it (e.g., through an ICO). The money supply of existing currencies isn't being affected by the expansion of the money supply in the crypto-economy. 
What this means is that the crypto-economy itself must discourage over-exuberance since there is no risk involved in creating one's own currency. That discouragement comes from the fact that established currencies are deflationary, and therefore new projects must be able to prove that they can outperform existing platforms. Because the crypto-economy is a competitive free-market, competition between currencies makes it so that monetary policy from a single institution aimed at artificially recreating the conditions of a free market is not required. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:33:24
The power to adjust the rate of currency creation is only meaningful for keeping the currency in line with **national** GDP (and for stimulating the economy, etc). Since Bitcoin is global, it's inflation schedule will not be tied to the conditions any particular nation and therefore an inflation rate from Bitcoin would provide no more utility to these countries than the absence of one.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will persist not because they initially replace national currencies outright, but because there will be an explosion of GDP in those countries that embrace them. This explosion of GDP will be due to the incredible amount of economic activity and free market entrepreneurship the digital economy will bring during its birth. Larger countries like the United States or Germany have had their GDP increased by the success of their currencies, which is likely why they will feel most threatened by the rise of crypto and will attempt to protect the fiat system. But smaller countries, ones that have not had their GDP benefit from the fiat system in this way, will see more opportunity for growth in being leaders of the digital economy than fighting to preserve the legacy system that already disadvantages them against their more powerful competitors. As these countries begin to skyrocket ahead, the powers of the legacy economy will slowly have no choice but to relent. 
Now the digital economy -- which is what is really going to guarantee the success of crypto, and vice versa -- is international by nature. And while it will continue to interface with national currencies, it will be fundamentally dependent on big, global, reserve currencies like bitcoin. While your local peer-to-peer farmers markets may rely on a user-generated token (e.g., Farmcoin), ultimately settlement and exchange in the digital economy will want to be done in a highly liquid currency broadly accepted everywhere within the digital economy. Not everyone will want farmcoin, but everyone will want bitcoin. For the same reasons, not everyone will want the Yen, Yuan, Euro or US Dollar., because ultimately these are local currencies, and as the economy increasingly becomes global and relies ever more on the digital space, local currencies will increasingly become less liquid. The problem will be made worse for national currencies precisely because of their high inflation, people will not want to hold them versus a deflationary global reserve currency. 
In the coming decades, we will be getting instant translation software, virtual worlds with their own economies, global peer-to-peer "companies," growing means for individuals to gain income from providing online content, and so much more, while at the same time legacy jobs will wither as robotics and A.I. replace most of them. More and more of the economy for human beings will move into the digital economy, and it is the digital economy that will eventually displace national currencies because national currencies are designed for nations, not an international global space. It is the digital economy that is going to replace the power of the nation state over time. 
So when we think about whether Bitcoin will need to be inflationary or not, we really will need to think in terms of the economics of the digital economy, not national economies. Most of the reasons national currencies require a steady rate of inflation likely do not apply to the digital economy.   
 
@_date: 2017-09-07 15:11:13
He sold because of the scaling debate and threats from miners like Jihan Wu, it had nothing to do with the ETF. Also, from statements he's made it appears he sold into Ethereum, not fiat. If that's true, considering the massive run up in ETH shortly after, Vinny may have actually made a killing. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 09:16:38


If Bitcoin can change its PoW and retain market dominance, that means its value isn't intrinsically dependent on the mining infrastructure. If that is the case, then future PoW changes remain a permanent option, and the threat of using that option severely discourages future collusion. With collusion no longer a threat, ASIC resistance is no longer a pressing need.
In other words, a successful PoW change -- where success means the value of the network is maintained despite the change -- effectively solves the mining centralization problem because centralized or not, miners will know that any meaningful attack will be met with financial ruin. This becomes even more true if the mining infrastructure is reliant on ASICs and is therefore unable to switch to the new mining algorithm. ASICs are actually preferable if a PoW change is a constant and real option precisely because a PoW change effectively bricks those ASICs and severely damages miners financially. So a successful PoW change in itself would be sufficient, changing to a more ASIC resistant algorithm would probably be superfluous. 
The problem we face today is that few people see a PoW change as a realistic option. Many are of the opinion that Bitcoin is too dependent on its mining infrastructure to divorce it without severe consequences. In many respects, the S2X fork will help clarify this matter, potentially even without a PoW change. This is because the gamble of S2X is that by starving the bitcoin network of hash power, and even potentially attacking the network to make it temporarily unusable, the market value of bitcoin will plummet. If they are wrong, then they have demonstrated that the value of bitcoin is largely independent of its mining infrastructure. Once that is understood, changing the PoW algo becomes a more realistic threat in the future.   
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:57:42
Excellent write up. Thank you. 
The Chinese government, in its effort to destroy Bitcoin may, ironically, end up doing very best thing for it: taking down the Jihan cartel. Of course, its too early to know whether they will shut down the miners, but it would be extremely timely were they to do so before November and thereby kill the other remaining threat to Bitcoin, namely segwit2x. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 19:07:38


-- Mark T. Williams, Boston University
@_date: 2017-09-22 16:45:10
The profitability of mining either chain ultimately comes down to market cap (i.e., the price). This is why it seems more or less irrelevant whether miners signed the NYA or not. Ultimately, when push comes to shove, miners will follow profit, and if 2x has a fraction of the market value of Core, the fact that miners signed a piece of paper isn't going to be enough to convince them to throw all their profitability away. 
The theory is that if miners temporarily render Core's chain unusable, this will drive down the price and create a self-reinforcing cycle where Core ultimately ends up with a lower market cap than 2x. But lack of replay protection means that both chains will essentially be rendered unusable by the average person.
Furthermore, bitcoin cash has already provided us with a model of what to expect regarding usability and price. The chain has been regularly cycling through periods of high usability and being next to dead, and yet the price seems uncorrelated to these swings. 
Eventually the two chains will achieve stability and replay protection will likely be introduced. If 2x hasn't managed to usurp the title "bitcoin" at that point, it is unlikely it ever will. 
The main thing 2x has going for it really isn't the initial support of miners, since that support will quickly disappear if it fails to remain more profitable to mine. The main thing it has going for it is the effort of NYA signing exchanges to pass it off to their users as the real "bitcoin." But if these exchanges attempt to sell 2x as "bitcoin," and the price of 2x drops and Core rises and retains the title, these exchanges could face very serious lawsuits.  
 
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:21:07
Don't forget the "/s," people actually believe this kind of shit.  
@_date: 2017-09-23 14:23:06


The problem is this will never happen. Under *contentious* hard forks, both chains always survive. Even in the case of ETH/ETC where there was overwhelming support for the ETH chain, and not even an initial proposal to support the ETC chain, the ETC chain still survived and continues to do so. In the case of BTC/BCH, despite initially having an overwhelming disadvantage in hash power, BCH still survived. 
In this coming 2x scenario, both chains have strong support, so a permanent split is inevitable. 
So users will have balances on both chains, and both balances will have value, which means regardless of whether the wallet represents the more valuable chain or not, users have the potential of losing money as long as transactions on one chain can cause the same transaction to occur on the other chain.
@_date: 2017-09-21 17:02:00
Tone Vays isn't referring to these companies business model per se. Several posts in this thread seem relatively confused about that. 
Tone Vays is referring to the segwit2x hard fork scheduled in November. 
These businesses Mr. Vays is criticizing got together behind closed doors and in a cartel-like fashion agreed that they would attempt to gain control over the development of the protocol. That's his concern.
Their method for doing so is to write their own version of Bitcoin -- albeit one that shares the same history and balances as the real Bitcoin -- and then claim that their version of Bitcoin is the real "Bitcoin," selling it to customers as such, in the hopes that the power they wield as exchanges will cause people to switch over to their newly proclaimed Bitcoin, either because customers don't notice the switch, or because bitcoiners presume their chain is more likely to retain value. 
We refer to this coup attempt as Segwit2x. 
If this coup is successful, they will have managed to demonstrate that a cartel can control the development of bitcoin, which essentially turns it into a glorified company, rather than a decentralized network. That is, I think, Vays's concern.   
@_date: 2017-09-24 04:40:54
The most proof of work is meaningless when you are talking about two separate coins, and in a hard fork scenario that is what you have, two separate coins. It doesn't matter that Litecoin has more proof of work than Dogecoin, it is utterly irrelevant, likewise it doesn't matter if Bitcoin Core has more proof of work than Bitcoin 2x, neither chain cares. 
Which chain gets to be called "Bitcoin" is entirely a social construct. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:54:30


In order to 51% attack a blockchain, you need to acquire more mining/staking power than the majority. In order to do that requires capital. The more valuable the network is, the more expensive acquiring the necessary capital to attack the network becomes. Put simply, the more expensive the coin, the more secure the network. To attack a low tier altcoin would be trivial compared to attacking Bitcoin.
It is very important to understand this, because a lot of people are under the false impression that a blockchain is intrinsically secure just by virtue of being a blockchain. Not at all. Blockchains are secured by cryptoeconomics, that is, by their economic power, not just their technical structure. This is why only the most popular blockchains will survive beyond this initial discovery phase. 
And the basics of cryptoeconomics applies to non-blockchain cryptos not based on bitcoin as well, where their security is dependent on the number of users and network effect which is proportional to the value of the network. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:30:27
In [June of this year]( I argued:


In other words, I predicted that a UASF would lead either to a split in the network, or an eventual corporate takeover attempt. Turns out we got both. 
When you move beyond all the technical mumbo-jumbo, what the UASF was fundamentally about was a demand that the exchanges make a choice, a demand that they no longer remain neutral in the scaling war.
The economic powers heard them, got together among themselves, and decided what they wanted was actually compromise. *Compromise has always been what the economic powers wanted.* If Core had provided that compromise, none of this madness -- from 2x to BCH -- would have happened.
UASF didn't give us segwit, that is just propaganda nonsense. UASF did nothing more than force the economic powers into the fray, into making a hasty political decision they now find themselves stuck with. UASF set a deadline, was a gun tot he head, a choice had to be made, and the NYA was struck.
The NYA was a call for compromise. It's hope was that Core would finally recognize the widespread desire for such compromise and introduce it themselves, rendering the need for 2x moot. 
And it might very well have worked. It might very well have garnered enough community support to have eventually forced Core, or portions of Core, to recognize the sense in it. But then BCH happened. 
BCH killed the NYA. If the big blocker community isn't willing to compromise, why should the small blocker community? Something as audacious as the NYA requires widespread consensus. 
Ultimately, the reason the NYA failed (i.e., will fail) is because there were bad actors being "compromised" with. Compromise only works if all the actors are expressing genuine concerns, in which case the whole achieved through compromise represents the strength of all angles. But when one major party actually has nefarious and hidden motives, the whole that integrates those motives becomes unhealthy. 
That hidden agenda, in this case, was ASICBOOST. The real reason the Chinese miners wanted big blocks was not because they wanted a scaling solution, but because they wanted a scaling solution that didn't threaten ASICBOOST. And because this was their real motive, and because segwit prevents covert ASICBOOST, they had no choice but to break from the "compromise" by creating Bitcoin Cash, an ASICBOOST friendly chain. Had they never any nefarious motives to begin with, they would have remained true to the agreement and then the narrative of compromise would have gained strength. 
UASF gave rise to the era of the economic majority as a political force in Bitcoin. But the NYA could represent a very serious setback for the economic powers ability to wield influence over the network in the future. If they go forward with 2x, and it fails miserably as it likely will, they will have set precedence that their power as leaders in the space is very limited. That is more of a threat to them long term than any reputation hits that come from abandoning the agreement. The economic majority have a great deal of power, but if they are going to wield it, they must do so fully, they must win. A winning scenario is one where the vast majority of the community is persuaded by the moral superiority of their arguments. They lost that moral high ground after BCH. They aren't going to win this, nor is it worth winning, for the agreement was made with bad actors and no longer represents the larger community. 
The NYA actors need only get together once more and collectively decide to abandon the agreement. This alleviates any concern on the part of individual members of reputation hits since they will all agree to abandon it together. They must outline their reasons for abandoning the agreement, and there are plenty of good and moral reasons for doing so -- as well as developments that occurred after the agreement was struck that change the equation -- so that shouldn't be a problem and the community will understand. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 15:50:31
Japan legalized bitcoin right prior to the current hype cycle. I think it had an impact, particularly because it gave people confidence that cryptocurrency was breaking out of the shadows and going mainstream. 
It seems that this recent ICO ban in China is going to have the reverse effect.
@_date: 2017-09-20 01:53:58
For people who are familiar with the full history of the scaling war, the China crackdown does seem like a "we told you so" moment for small blockers. The small blocker argument was that the threat of government censorship is real and the network needs to be able to survive such conditions, that big blocks encourage centralization of nodes which become easier to shut down, and that big blocks encourage centralization of mining into huge mining farms easily raided and shut down. There may be a time when this kind of centralization no longer represents a threat, but not until we have moved past the "then they fight you" phase. 
The other side of the argument was actually being lead by precisely these very same Chinese miners who now face the threat of being shut down. It's ironic. These miners were doing everything in their power to encourage further centralization, and their argument was being backed by the implicit feeling among many that crypto is, like with most new technologies, something that governments would be eager to embrace. There has been a kind of naivety among big blockers that the utility of the technology alone would cause rapid adoption to the point where it would become so widespread that governments would hesitate to attack it. Their thinking is that crypto is like the iPhone. 
The reality is that crypto is not merely a new technology, it is also disruptive of national currencies. It is not something like Uber disrupting the taxi industry, it is a technology that promises to disrupt the very heart of banking and governmental power.
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:29:14
It isn't possible to create a secure decentralized public blockchain without a native currency. Period. If you don't understand that, you don't understand blockchain. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 15:26:10
Before metalworking and tooth fillings, what intrinsic value did gold have? It was just a rock. It took several human inventions for gold to become indispensable to human society. 
The same will be true of Bitcoin. The problem the bitcoin-is-tulips crowd are making is that they don't understand that bitcoin is not the end product, it is merely the base layer of what will eventually be a network that is indispensable to human society. Side chains and 2nd layers technologies -- technologies that fundamentally require a highly liquid, high valued base layer blockchain currency before they can truly work (or even exist) -- will bring everything from institutional cyber-security to online voting; online vehicle ownership without 3rd parties to trackable derivatives markets; liquid and globally traded company coupons to mission specific private currencies; online identity cards to self-funding social networks. Over the coming decades, blockchain tech will become so depended upon, it won't even occur to people why the base monetary unit of these blockchains has value. And what has not been fully understood by many, yet, is that blockchains are only as secure, functional, and capable of technological expansion as their underlying base currency is valuable (in part because that base currency is required to use its respective blockchain). 
When metalworking was invented, a smart investor might have started hoarding gold. That is what is happening now with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 15:37:03
You're right, but the block size debate -- particularly among the Core developers -- already existed long before Gavin decided to pull the trigger. In fact, that's precisely why he decided to pull the trigger, because it became apparent to him that the debate wasn't going to resolve itself. It's likely that if Satoshi had still been around, he would have voiced his opinion and the whole thing would have been settled. Despite the downsides of having a leader, there can be no doubt that it helps things to move forward. 
So I think u/dementperson is essentially correct. The divide began in seed form the moment Satoshi left. But you are also right that this divide didn't really project itself into the larger community until Gavin and Hearn turned to the community for support.  
@_date: 2017-10-20 16:10:43
And then it will be a month's work, and then a year, and then a decade, and eventually a lifetime. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:44:32
Miners are traders who buy bitcoin directly from the network, trading it for PoW, and then sell that bitcoin on exchanges at a price greater than what they spent to purchase it. Although technically miners add newly minted bitcoins to the ledger, economically speaking it is the network that produces new bitcoin and miners are the traders who buy directly from the network.
So when we think about miners manipulating the network, we must think about it from an economic point of view. The problem many people are making is that they are thinking purely along technological lines and forgetting that Bitcoin is a cryptoeconomic system. 
One shortcoming one regularly sees in those who conceptually overemphasize the tech over the economics is the failure to appreciate that proof of work essentially works as a primitive commodity. It is actually this commodity, PoW, that miners are mining. Some people argue that "miners" is a misnomer, since miners don't actually mine bitcoin -- the network produces bitcoin at a fixed rate regardless of the amount of mining being one -- but once one understands that miners are actually mining PoW, not bitcoin, the label retains its appropriateness.
Miners take this mined commodity and trade it with the network for bitcoin. Indeed, PoW is the only means of payment the network accepts in exchange for newly issued bitcoin. The network sets the price of that bitcoin in PoW, and this is determined by the "difficulty."
The reason miners make money is because there is a spread between the price of buying bitcoin directly from the network, and the price of bitcoin on exchanges. If you buy cheap from the network, and then sell at a higher price on exchanges, your profit is the difference. This is essentially how all trade works and why miners are actually traders. 
An apt analogy would be miners are like merchant traders during the 17th century. Those merchants had to spend a lot of money acquiring the equipment -- namely ships and their crews -- to engage in their enterprise, but ultimately their goal was simply to buy goods in the Americas, Africa, or Asia cheap, and then resell them at higher prices in Europe. Likewise, bitcoin miners have expenses in order to acquire the equipment required for their endeavor, namely, mining rigs (along with housing facilities, and employees), but ultimately the end is to buy bitcoin cheap directly from the network and resell it at higher prices on exchanges. Miners are traders. 
The second thing to consider is that a contentious hard fork represents the creation of a new coin, resulting in two ledgers that share the same past but not the same future. Contrary to what many people believe, hard forks do not and cannot reunite. You get two coins, the best you can do is hope that one of the two dies. 
So miners who mine PoW will have a choice which coin to spend their PoW on. Since miners are primarily concerned with spread, they will seek to buy whichever coin is most undervalued compared to the market price. 
So imagine a scenario where 95% of miners collectively decide they will mine one chain over the other, despite not knowing before hand what the market value of those respective coins will be. Let's imagine the current price of buying bitcoin directly from the network, prior to the split, is ~$3,600 and that the exchange price is ~$4,300. After the split, the chain they decided to mine falls to ~$1,200. With 95% of the miners all devoting the hash power that was meant for a $4300 coin now mining a $1200 coin, that means they are paying almost 3x as much for this coin as someone who simply buys from the exchange directly. Instead of making money from the spread, they will be losing it at an incredible rate, paying ~$3400 for a coin that is only worth $1200. This is not sustainable and could put a lot of them out of business.
If, on the other hand, the combined market cap of the two chains roughly equals that of the original chain prior to the split, miners can continue to profit by splitting how much PoW they spend buying the two respective coins. They can spend ~$1000 of PoW on the new chain to profit from the $200 spread, and they can spend ~$2,600 of PoW on the old chain. This way they continue to enjoy their previous profits. 
As you can see, miners cannot devote all of their resources to a cheap coin for any sustained period of time and expect to remain economically viable. So the threat of miners collectively deciding which chain wins is minimal in this regard. 
So what power do miners actually have? *They have the power to attack one chain or the other in order to attempt to manipulate the price.* That is, rather than simply following their natural instinct to trade according to profitability, they can actually attempt to manipulate the market by spending money not on earning profits, but on attacking one chain or the other in order to shake confidence in that coin and thereby lower its price. 
To a degree, segwit2x already represents this kind of attack. Miners are at least willing to temporarily risk profitability in order to shake confidence in the legacy chain.
But such an attack is not sustainable. If it doesn't result in a 2x victory early on, and if confidence isn't broken in Bitcoin, the attack will eventually have to relent as it will likely prove to be too expensive. We must also remember that if 2x has a lower market cap, the miners who mine the Core chain will not only not suffer the financial loses being leveled on those who stick with 2x, but eventually will see tremendous gains. Miners who are losing money while their competitors are making a killing won't be easily persuaded to stay loyal to the NYA, and the more miners that break, the more pressure there will be on the other miners to do the same.
Finally, we must also consider that many of these miners are actually mining pools, and while the pool owners may signal support for 2x, once it goes live, individual miners are free to switch pools while suffering no reputation loss whatsoever. Without reputation concerns, profits will be hard to ignore.
The bottom line is that ultimately the value of the coin is what protects the coin, and that is what we are about to see play out. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:52:32
Absolutely. It is a completely reasonable possibility that Bitcoin could end up being displaced by a competitor. Bitcoin faces many challenges on several fronts. The biggest challenge, I think, is government hostility. Bitcoin is on the front line and that hostility will almost certainly focus its ire against Bitcoin. Bitcoin could theoretically become the Napster of crypto. A more nuanced possibility is something like the IMF's SDR being broadly accepted as a global cryptocurrency, offering people a carrot while governments crack down on private currencies with their sticks. 
The 2nd challenge is technological. Bitcoin is still lacking in several essential features currently capitalized by some of its competitors -- e.g., robust smart contracts, microtransactions, anonymity/privacy, enterprise level blockchain data storage -- all of which can be theoretically achieved (through a combination of 2nd layer and side chain solutions), but none yet actualized largely due to a lack of vision of many people in the space who stalled progress. 
Now that segwit has been activated, I expect many of these projects to come to fruition, but even still such projects face the competitive disadvantage of being hard to monetize (e.g., creating a smart contract sidechain that uses bitcoin is not as enticing as creating one that uses a new token the developers can sell [like EOS, for example]).  And bitcoin suffers having lost the first mover advantage to several altcoins with their respective specialties. It will be hard to compete with Ethereum in the smart contract space, because the bulk of the community interested in SCs have already moved to Ethereum, for instance. 
Nevertheless, all of these spheres are innovating tech that is still a far cry from broad adoption, and it could very well be that by the time we get there, Bitcoin will have already solutions in place. Microsoft was late to the web browser game, but it used the ubiquity of its platform to displace Netscape. Bitcoin may be late to smartcontracts, privacy, and microtransactions, but it may be so popular that by the time it first actuates those features -- hopefully not too long from now -- they become quickly adopted. 
And of course, there is always the possibility of something coming out of left field and through a combination of constantly adjusting conditions in the world and people's openness to new technologies, rapidly achieves mass adoption while existing crypto's still flounder. This would be the google analogy. When google first came out, it really didn't seem innovative at all to those of us already familiar with search engines, and yet it spread like wildfire. Google had just enough new features to give it a competitive advantage, but the real advantage was timing. Google came online just as the mainstream began to use the internet and was able to capture the new users rather than attempting to compete -- at least initially -- over the users of the existing engines. Something like that could occur, where during the next big wave of adoption -- 2020 - 2024, somewhere in there -- a new platform could arise coincident with the new wave of adoption and could provide just enough advantages to appeal to mainstream users.
In my view, this latter possibility, however, will likely only be made real by technologies being built on the existing platforms. Once we have 2nd layer networks, these networks will intertwine and give rise to new possibilities that will probably unlock those features that truly make crypto mainstream friendly. The problem with the facebook/myspace analogy is that these were platforms built on the existing infrastructure of the web, which was built on the infrastructure of the internet. I expect something like that to occur with crypto, where there will be a period in which all the "action," so to speak, is taking place between competing 2nd, or even 3rd layer services, and it is then that the facebooks will appear. But fundamentally, these services will depend on the existence of already highly liquid, robust base networks, which is why I think investing in these base platforms is a smart bet. 
I have never been of the opinion that bitcoin -- or ether, or any other base currency -- will itself become the unit of account ordinarily used by consumers. Rather, they will, in my opinion, act as reserve currencies that make up the infrastructure of the financial system of the 21st century. If I am right, Bitcoin is poised to do quite well.
@_date: 2017-09-22 15:37:18
It's is always enjoyable listening to Peter Schiff. He conveys a kind of "common sense" logic that is attractive to the listener. 
For example, one point he makes in this podcast -- and continually makes regarding bitcoin -- is that the stories of people buying houses with bitcoin are misleading because the sellers of those houses immediately converted the received bitcoin into fiat. This proves, he argues, that people don't actually want to hold bitcoin. This is the kind of common sense argument that makes Peter Schiff popular, the sellers of those houses didn't actually want bitcoin, they wanted fiat, they merely used bitcoin as a medium of exchange, therefore it is misleading to suggest that the house was sold for bitcoin. 
Of course, if you actually think about what he is saying, it doesn't make much sense at all. After all, if I sold a house for US dollars and then immediate put the money gained into the stock market and purchased a diamond ring for my wife with the remainder, we wouldn't argue that I didn't actually want US dollars in exchange for the house simply because I didn't intend to hold the US dollars!
The reason paying for a house with bitcoin is significant is that it proves that bitcoin is liquid enough to facilitate such a transaction. When I sell something for dollars, the reason I want the dollars is not because I want to hold onto dollars forever, it is because I know dollars are liquid enough to be used to get whatever it is that I ultimately want. *The whole purpose of money is to provide liquidity.*
When the buyer of the house pays for it with bitcoin, that is the exchange, the buyer gives them bitcoin and the seller gives them a house. Period. It is no different than using US dollars or any other currency. The seller of the home is accepting bitcoin precisely because he knows that he can immediately use that bitcoin to get whatever it is that he ultimately wants, in this case dollars. Whether he wants to hold the bitcoin or not is irrelevant, it is acting as money, as a medium of exchange. Bitcoin retains value because people want to hold it, but those people need not be the people using it. A hodler and a user are two separate things, holders allow it to work as a store of value which in turn allows users to use it as a medium of exchange. 
If, after receiving the bitcoin, the seller of the house uses their bitcoin to buy US dollars, that is an entirely separate exchange from the initial exchange of bitcoin for a house. And why is the house seller even able to sell their bitcoin for USD? Because someone else out there would rather hold bitcoin than USD. Schiff is arguing that bitcoin does not work as a store of value because no one actually wants to hold it, and he uses the case of the seller of a house as an example to prove his case. *But if no one wanted to hold it, it wouldn't have any value.* Just because the seller of the house doesn't want to hold it is irrelevant, he simply passes it on to someone who does. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 08:41:34
A PoW change should be on the table. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 10:28:20


No one knows. However, the critical part that must always be considered is that while the value of a cryptocurrency reflects the value of its respective blockchain, the reverse is also true -- that is, the value of the currency makes its blockchain more valuable. Put differently, when we consider what kind of tech might displace Bitcoin, we must always remember that an essential variable is the marketcap or value of the currency. The value of the currency is itself a critical ingredient of the tech since the security, and therefore most of the features it provides, of a blockchain is proportional to its value. This means that the more valuable Bitcoin -- or other top cryptocurrencies -- becomes, the more difficult it is for competitors to displace it and the more radical the features these competitors must have in order to compete. 


That's my working assumption. 
@_date: 2017-10-20 14:53:23


Just to clarify: The vast majority of US dollars are created by banks in exchange for debt. The Treasury Department has the physical printing presses, but it doesn't have the power to create US dollars (except in the form of physical coins). All the paper money it prints is immediately handed over to the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve pays the Treasury the actual costs of printing the money, but not the value of the money itself since that is the Fed's property, it doesn't belong to the Treasury. *Federal Reserve Notes* are the product of the Federal Reserve, not the US government. The Fed alone decides whether US dollars move into circulation or not.
 
 
 
@_date: 2015-04-15 14:50:03
Bitcoin wasn't just born out of the internet age for technical reasons, it was born out of the internet age for social reasons as well. The network effect required to create money was not possible prior to the internet except through decrees from the powers that be or the grueling course of history. The miracle is that today, all these people who would otherwise be entirely isolated and unable to independently create currency are able to come together and be part of a mass movement. 
@_date: 2019-09-27 15:16:07
Every human being wants to consume more than they produce, it is the definition of being rich. Yet, for some reason, people assume this doesn't apply to nation states. Running a large deficit is simply another way of saying that a country is rich, it is able to consume far more than it produces.
All the great empires throughout history, whether they were militaristic or colonial or financial, all followed this same principle: their citizens and governments were able to consume vastly more than they produced. The roman empire enslaved millions which allowed its government and citizenry to consume more than they produced. The British empire derived vast amounts of wealth and labor from their colonies which, again, allowed its government and citizens to consume more than they produced. The American financial empire isn't any different, rather than using cheap labor from slaves or cheap labor from colonies, it uses cheap labor from overseas countries, the general effect is the same. 
What people are calling "America's trade deficit" is just another way of referring to the American financial empire.
People who complain about the unfairness in China's trade policies always neglect to mention how fundamentally unfair possessing the world reserve currency---the US dollar---is. When a currency acts as the world reserve currency it means that its value does not derive solely from the GDP of its respective nation, its value is also coming from the massive global demand for it. This increased demand means that more of it can be printed than would be warranted from the value of the actual economy alone. The result is that the nation has a relatively unlimited credit card.
Consequently, the United States has been able to pay for everything the world is capable of producing by doing little more than printing money. That is the definition of being rich. The United States just consumes and consumes while the rest of the world slaves away trying to keep up with the US's insatiable appetite. What we call a "trade deficit" is just the US sucking all the wealth of the planet to itself.
And now that all of this unlimited business for the rest of the world's producers has gradually resulted in other countries beginning to catch up to the wealth of the US, US citizens are beginning to complain and make outlandish statements like, "the Chinese have been screwing us all these years!"
Trump wants to have his cake and eat it too. He wants the US to be a surplus country and yet also have the reserve currency. It's like expecting a multi-billionaire to also work at McDonalds.
You want an even playing field when it comes to trade? Provide a universal, non-national reserve currency. One that can't be printed, that doesn't enrich its producer. As long as you have a national currency acting as the reserve currency, you will always have at least one country that has an profoundly unfair advantage and is capable of sucking the wealth out of the rest of the world.
@_date: 2017-09-21 02:40:05
I think you are confusing hard and soft forks. With hard forks, the split is permanent and there is no possibility of one chain "winning" over the other chain. Longest chain? Irrelevant. The only scenario in which one chain "wins," is if everyone decided to completely abandon the other chain, and anyone even remotely familiar with the history of cryptocurrency knows that never happens in a contentious scenario. ETC had next to no support, and yet it still exists. With something as popular as Bitcoin Core? Virtually impossible. 
The ETH/ETC split was a hard fork that began without replay protection and this caused some people to lose money. The absence of replay protection had absolutely nothing to do with preventing there from being two chains, however. Eventually replay protection was introduced.
@_date: 2017-10-02 14:41:34


That's not how it works. Value comes from supply and demand. Holders restrict supply, users increase demand. Both groups are critical for value. 
Miners are simply traders. The buy bitcoin cheap, trading electricity for it, and sell it at a premium. But that price is set by the supply and demand. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:56:06
That 4.6% in one day represents more lost value than the marketcap of the entire crypto space. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 05:05:27
Although the price drop is likely ultimately coming from the growing number of voices that seem to indicate the Chinese ban is real, Jamie Dimon's comments certainly add more fuel to the fire. 
Much of the crypto explosion this summer began shortly after Japan legalized bitcoin. This is not incidental. The wave of new comers into the space are likely not composed of hardcore libertarians or anarchists, but rather people for whom government sanction, and their ability to legitimize an industry such as this one, weigh a great deal. The move by China indicates that at root, governments will have a tendency to feel threatened by cryptocurrency -- a point of consideration long recognize by seasoned bitconers -- which, at the very least, represents a serious roadblock for adoption. Dimon's comments suggest this is not a problem unique to China, but may in fact be widespread (particularly from more powerful countries like China and the US). 
In my opinion, Bitcoin alone was not enough of a threat to these countries' governments. If bitcoin reached its current marketcap alone, without the corresponding altcoin run up, we would not have seen this kind of hostile action from China. It was the rise of ICOs that scared them into action. 
Why? Because nothing in crypto threatens banking the way ICOs do. The common refrain in Bitcoin is, "Be your own bank," and the usual meaning of this statement is that one can now secure and control their own digital money without the need for a bank. However, the true meaning of this is that crypto all but eliminates the need for banks. But this didn't actually become true until the rise of ICOs. 
The most important function of banking, and the main source of their profits, comes from lending. Prior to the ICO, crypto existed as money, it existed as digital cash, but it didn't offer a way to reproduce or compete with banks' primary utility, lending. But with the ICO, suddenly individuals and company's had the ability to raise capital, issue their own form of credit, and completely bypass lenders. This power is so great, it threatened the very soul of banking. 
Many ICO skeptics within the Bitcoin community have actually desired to see this kind of crackdown. They believed ICO were an aberration and distraction from the real value proposition of crypto, which was the base currency (i.e., bitcoin). But what they failed to understand is that intrinsic to the nature of such a base currency lies the power of credit creation, even if that power lay dormant for several years. Because this power cannot be separated from cryptocurrency's themselves, because one does not go without the other, governments will have no choice -- if they intend to defend the banking industry -- to attack cryptocurrency in its entirety.   
@_date: 2017-09-21 03:41:17
I think you are confusing hard and soft forks. Hard forks basically represent the creation of two coins that just happen to share the same history but don't share the same consensus rules. As such, a hard fork is like creating a premined altcoin. The longest chain doesn't matter anymore than if Bitcoin has a longer chain than some altcoin like Litecoin. Two coins will exist. 
The longest chain only comes into play when the two chains share the same consensus rules. Then the longest chain defines which chain is the true history. 
Under soft forks, on the other hand, because the consensus rules of the new chain are still considered valid by the old chain, chain length matters and this is probably where people like yourself are getting confused, because you probably heard a great deal about soft forks during the BIP148 movement and got the wrong impression that a similar scenario will play out with segwit2x. With a soft fork, if the old chain begins with majority hash power, but then if for some reason the new chain becomes longest, the old chain is destroyed. But that is a very particular scenario and not relevant to the 2x hard fork. 
Precisely because the 2x hard fork will result in two coins, and because there is so much support for Core, and because big block supporters have moved on to BCH, there's absolutely no guarantee that the 2x chain will be more valuable. If it isn't more valuable -- and I don't think it will be -- it doesn't matter that it begins with more hash power. Miners will simply switch back to the more profitable coin. Initial hash power doesn't matter much at all unless Chinese miners like Jihan Wu specifically devote some of their hash power to attacking the Core chain. But they are unlikely to do that given the Chinese government is about to raid them and throw them all into prison. (Hopefully that is a slight exaggeration, but the timing is surreal.) 
The only thing segwit2x really has going for it is the fact that big exchanges like Shapeshift and Coinbase may attempt to sell it as "Bitcoin." But this will cause tremendous confusion and it is almost certain that some exchanges will continue to recognize Core as Bitcoin. This plus lack of replay protection is just going to cause a tremendous amount of chaos for no purpose whatsoever.
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:54:12
We are going to leave you dinosaurs in the dust my friend, in the dust. 
@_date: 2017-09-08 05:02:30
... corrupts absolutely.
@_date: 2017-09-20 15:39:45
The advantage of Proof of Work over Proof of Stake is that there is never a fixed supply of network securers. Anyone is free to contribute to the network's security and innovate superior mining technology to potentially usurp power from existing players. Power over the networks' security, in other words, is not intrinsically entrenched, it is always fluid and can change based on fluctuating economic, environmental, technological, and social conditions on the ground. 
With proof of stake, on the other hand, shares in the network represent ownership over its security. Those shares can either be represented through the base token itself (e.g., Ethereum), or through a token specifically meant to represent this ownership (e.g., Neo), but ultimately once these shares are owned, there is no way for a competitor to usurp power -- through any sort of changing conditions -- from the current owners against their will. This is precisely the kind of system the Chinese government will want. 
Because a national currency involves printing money, and because miners are at the heart of who determines monetary policy, the Chinese government will almost certainly want mining to be entirely under their control, but they will want that control to be permanent with no possibility of competition. 
Therefore, it seems most likely that the Chinese government will use a system like Neo, where the shares are separated from the currency. They will issue these shares to their banks, and mandate any changes to the code from the central authority. The banks will then secure the blockchain and issue and destroy currency as they already do.
Proof of work is really designed for a global currency, not a national one. It is designed this way because it allows anyone to compete and participate, making the network trustworthy to everyone and difficult to implement consensus changes upon -- i.e., monetary policy changes. A fiat blockchain like Chinacoin is not suited to become a global reserve currency precisely because it can be manipulated by China to their advantage and to the disadvantage of everyone else. And while the world has historically, and reluctantly, been forced to use other nations' currencies as reserve currencies because of the absence of a global alternative, in the post-crypto world that will no longer be the case. 
@_date: 2019-09-27 19:13:22
You are absolutely correct, and when you say, "The U.S. dollar is backed by the full faith and credit of the United States" what this translates into specifically is US Treasury bonds and mortgage backed securities guaranteed by the government. 
That is to say, the US dollar is backed primarily by bonds that represent the creditworthiness of the US government. 
Having said that, it is important to note that these bonds are denominated in US dollars, so the very thing backing the US dollar is itself only valuable as long as the US dollar is valuable. 
What this demonstrates is that the dollar does not actually derive its value from its backing alone. If at some point the US dollar collapses in value, the bonds backing the dollar will also collapse in value. The value does not derive from the bonds backing the dollar because the bonds are themselves, at the end of the day, only dollars (plus interest). 
In other words, the currency does not get its value from the backing. The actual value comes from demand which comes from the need to use dollars in the US economy, to pay taxes, the need to hold dollars for liquidity purposes, etc.
So if the currency doesn't derive value from its backing, what is the purpose for backing at all? The real purpose for backing the currency is to manipulate the supply and demand in order to create a stable coin.  The supply of a fiat currency is theoretically unlimited, because it can be printed out of thin air, which means that the currency creator, the central bank, needs to have some way of removing currency from circulation if too much is created. In order to do this, it must have assets on the balance sheet which it can sell in exchange for the currency thereby removing that currency from the overall supply. Put differently, if the currency begins to lose value, the central bank can sell the assets on its balance sheet to increase the demand for the currency and restrict its supply. If the currency rises in value, the central bank can simply print more and buy more assets with their printed money, thereby increasing the supply of the currency and lowering its value. Ultimately, its backing that allows banks to create stable coins. The stable coins we see in crypto essentially function the same way. 
Of course, the difficulty with modern fiat is that the asset that is backing it and meant to constrain its supply, namely debt, is seemingly without constraint itself and is denominated in the very currency it is backing. If debt goes kaflooey, particularly government debt, the currency will follow, and as the currency follows, the debt becomes even more worthless, resulting in hyperinflation. 
Bitcoin is not meant to be a stable coin. The whole principle of bootstrapping a decentralized currency from nothing into a world reserve currency---particularly in a world dominated by national currency monopolies that preclude competition---fundamentally depends on its volatility to encourage and enrich investors who build the liquidity, social movement, and transnational industry that will eventually solidify into the global norm. Such a system depends on hard scarcity where the supply is fixed by algorithm, and a commodity that ignores borders.
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:21:50


The tenacity with which these companies are fighting for this does open the possibility that there are darker motives involved. Even if S2X fails to displace bitcoin, it will have value. The main actors giving it that value -- namely the NYA signers -- likely have a relatively clear sense of its likeliness to succeed, being major players in the space. If, as the futures market suggests, it isn't likely to become the main chain, *and they know that,* it doesn't mean they can't make a killing off of it. Essentially, S2X is poised to be the biggest pump and dump ever seen in the crypto space. 
It may very well be that it wasn't orchestrated as such, that the creation of the scheme was, at its inception, a genuine attempt to prevent Bitcoin from splitting. However, since instead of preventing a split S2X promises to do the opposite, the common refrain is that these companies are following through on this madness because of the obligation to keep "ones word." This narrative allows them to keep the moral high ground that they claim inspired them to create S2X in the first place, despite the fact that S2X makes no sense anymore.
But how likely is it that that is genuinely what's motivating them? That these money hungry companies would actually be willing to damage Bitcoin's reputation -- Bitcoin being their main product, after all -- just to keep their word seems like more than just a stretch to me. A more reasonable possibility is that they know there is a lot of money to be made by this. 
Which is, perhaps, in part why the price is rising so much now. S2X pump and dumpers are accumulating bitcoin in anticipation of the hard fork and being able to sell S2X coins. The price of S2X coins will be relatively sustained by the pump, the miner support, and bitcoin hodlers who are uncertain of the outcome, which will give dumpers plenty of time to unleash. At the end of the day, when S2X collapses, and the price of BTC skyrockets further, everyone will be too happy -- both at the failure of S2X but also the success of BTC -- to notice that these guys made out like bandits. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 14:37:26
I don't think the problem is so much with the ethereal nature of the numbers per se as much as in the fact that a tiny number of people control those numbers and are thus conferred with near absolute power. 
@_date: 2019-09-27 16:05:10
You calling Warren Buffet silly? Last I checked, Berkshire Hathaway's cash position was well over 100 billion USD.
@_date: 2017-10-19 19:42:12
That growth potential = MLM. Gotcha. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 17:42:16
At 15 cents per transaction, that would make their yearly income ~$18. Sheesh, didn't realize things were so bad over there . . . 
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:02:05
You are exactly right, however there is a difference, and it is an important one. The numbers on computers in the existing system are essentially subjective, they exist only in someone's, or some institution's, mind. If that institution changes it mind, the numbers disappear, and if they dream of more numbers they magically appear. This institution is effectively the god of money, and we must all trust his/her judgement. 
Metals, like gold (or Satoshi's fictional grey gold) exist objectively. They cannot be created or destroyed in the mind of some powerful institution. There is no god of gold who decides for the rest of us how much exists or not. There is no one to trust, gold exists objectively. 
This is how Bitcoin works. Like gold, it too cannot be created or destroyed through the subjective whims of some individual or institution. That is to say, in simplistic terms it essentially exists objectively. I cannot think of anything digital, prior to Bitcoin, that possessed this quality. This quality, of money existing objectively in the digital space, is what I think Satoshi meant by creating his metal that "can be transported over a communications channel" analogy. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:40:05
A blockchain is as a system that allows entities that don't trust one another to come to consensus about a shared state of affairs (usually a ledger). There are many use cases for this in competitive markets, but ultimately only public blockchains, like Bitcoin, can achieve a universally agreed upon history which is why ultimately all private blockchains will interface with the massive public ones. 
Public blockchains do not work without a currency, as the currency is the means by which the cryptoeconomics work, the ledger is secured, and entries to the ledger permissioned. 
If you don't know the basics of this stuff, where is all this unbridled confidence coming from?
@_date: 2015-04-20 14:46:39
Money is a ledger, but the important point is that that ledger is not controlled by human hands and power. Bitcoin has recaptured the essence of commodity based money in the digital age. This will naturally scare some people who have been convinced that the reason commodities ceased to serve as money in the first place was due to the fact that their supply is not easily manipulate. Others, however, believe they ceased to serve as money because they were, well, made out of metal, and that fundamental Achilles' heel served as a road block preventing their adoption into and through modernity, a road block now removed through digital currencies. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:24:43
The question is a bit like asking, "how can we use the paper dollar bill without the dollar part?" A variant of that question might have been fairly reasonable to ask at some obscure point in history. The fact is, though, that without some value that the combined technologies of paper and print are meant to represent, you are just left with pieces of paper with fancy pictures drawn on them. A blockchain without value is like a banknote without value, and when people talk about blockchain without Bitcoin, what they are really talking about is a blockchain without any value (or in some cases they are talking about an alt coin, which to extend the analogy is like talking about using paper notes to represent other currencies than the dollar. Fair enough, but that doesn't mean to imply that just because banknotes can represent multiple currencies that you could have a banknote that doesn't represent ANY currency/money). 
For clarity's sake they would be better off asking the question, "show me arguments in favor of blockchain without value". But therein lies the problem, the blockchain's whole purpose is to provide a distributed consensus network of value. It should be called 'ValueNet' and then people would realize that talking about ValueNet without the 'value' parts doesn't make a whole lot of sense. 
 
@_date: 2019-09-29 18:36:53
The reason inflation is necessary in the current system is not in order to incentivize people to invest their savings. After all, accruing interest on one's savings is always attractive regardless of what the inflation rate is. Even if money continually rose in value over time, people would still opt to lend that money in order to gain interest on it. 
If the purchasing power of $100,000 dollars rose to $101,000 in a year, and the bank was offering 4% interest such that leaving your initial $100,000 in the bank meant that in one year you would have $104,000 nominally, which, when coupled with deflation would translate into a purchasing power of $105,040; why would anyone choose to put their money under the mattress and miss out on the additional $4,040 of purchasing power? It's way too simplistic to assume the that punishing effects of inflation are required to incentivize lending to banks when in reality all that is required is human greed. 
The problem is with liquidity, not incentives. When people lend money and accrue interest, the interest represents additional money that the overall system requires. Imagine a simplistic example where the country has no money, the central bank prints a million units of currency and lends it out at 5% interest. Now there are a million units of currency in circulation, but the system requires 1,050,000 units to repay the loan. There isn't enough currency in existence to repay the loan plus the interest! The central bank has to provide that extra money, but in doing so they cause inflation. (An alternative is to simply let someone default, like a game of musical chairs, but this too would cause inflation.) This is obviously a tremendously simplistic example, but it is to get you thinking in the proper direction. Inflation is required so that the weight of debt doesn't cause a liquidity crisis.  
Since the early 70s until 2008, after Richard Nixon took the US off of the gold standard, the base asset that backed the US monetary system ceased to be gold and instead became US government debt. This meant that new money from the central bank was no longer primarily printed in exchange for gold, but instead was printed in exchange for Treasury bonds. (The reality was that the transition to this system was much more gradual, but let's keep things simple.) The US Treasury bond effectively replaced gold, not only as the foundational asset of the US monetary system, but as the primary safe haven asset for the world.
For new Federal Reserve notes to be created, they had to be exchanged for US Treasury bonds. Since the US Treasury bond is itself denominated in US dollars, and represents a promise to repay a said amount of dollars plus interest, what this means is that US dollars, at the base currency level, were printed into existence in exchange for the promise to repay those dollars plus interest. For every dollar printed, there was a dollar + interest of debt created as well. The amount of debt owed always outweighed the amount of money in existence. This setup intrinsically requires, therefore, that more and more debt is created so that more and more money can be printed in order for the overall system to have enough money to repay the older debts. It requires continual growth in the economy and in the government to justify the creation of these new debts which is why the current monetary system depends on perpetual growth in the economy. If growth were to halt, the liquidity crisis this would cause with the monetary system would lead to a cascade of defaults, loss in savings, massive losses in capital and jobs, and the economy to suffer a catastrophic failure much worse than would be organically justified, like a heroin addict going through withdrawal. 
Of course, the US benefits from the fact that the dollar is the world's reserve currency, so the demand for US debt increases not just with growth in the US GDP, but with the world's GDP as well.
But the point is, the asset that underlies the current monetary system is debt---and though I haven't spoken about this, this applies to the commercial banks as well, not just the Fed---and that debt needs to continually grow for the system to remain liquid. 
But the problem is its not enough for debt to continually grow, that debt must reflect real growth in the economy, otherwise it is bad debt that eventually goes bust and throws the system into a liquidity crisis, which is precisely what we saw in 2008. 
Since 2008 the global economy has stagnated, but the global monetary system responded by encouraging the creation of massive amounts of debt. The problem is that this debt doesn't correlate to real growth in GDP which means there is a lot of bad debt out there. And as that bad debt begins to expose itself, the system will be pushed into another liquidity crisis. We may be seeing the first signs of this with the recent liquidity crisis in the repo markets. 
An expanding currency supply is required for an expanding economy. But the problem with having a money that can expand without restraint is that it inevitably expands by more than is justified by the underlying economic realities. This creates bubbles which, when burst, cause far more devastation than would have been justified under more organic conditions. The reason modern money over expands is precisely because the underlying assets that is meant to provide scarcity and restraint to the system---primarily the US Treasury bond (but since 2008, increasingly private sector debt)---is itself unrestrained and without expansionary restriction. 
In 2008 the first real cracks began to appear. They were deep enough that the US government had to remove the US Treasury bond restriction on the central bank. Now the central bank was free to purchase private sector debt as well. The US government supercharged this process by guaranteeing much of this private sector debt. In effect, private sector debt has now gradually begun to replace US Treasuries---which replaced gold decades earlier---as the base assets underlying the monetary system. This is the root cause of the ballooning stock market. It is very possible that the current repo scare is due to the fact that much of the quality of the private sector debt that is being used to collateralize short term lending between banks is now in question, leading lenders to become reluctant, and creating a liquidity crisis that has forced the Fed to purchase the challenged debt themselves. 
QE initiated a vicious cycle in which ever more money needs to be printed to bail out ever more bad debt, which in turn incentivizes the creation of even more bad debt that in turn forces more money to be created. This is the ultimate bubble that when it pops could very well leave the monetary system spiraling out of control. But fundamentally the root of the problem is with the fact that debt underlies the monetary system. 
When we talk about the need for an expanding money supply to respond to a growing economy: in a post-crypto world, stable coins, decentralized banking, and all variety of altcoins will provide that need. But for such a system to be able to calibrate and respond to economic conditions, without the need for central planning, it will intrinsically require a base asset that represents absolute scarcity. The value of absolute scarcity is precisely how an algorithmically run global monetary and digital asset system will measure underlying economic conditions. This is impossible to measure if the supply of underlying safe haven asset is itself being manipulated by private institutions or governments for reasons opaque to the actual economy. 
Of course, we are talking about decades for such a system to fully unfold, but such a decentralized system will require digitally verifiable proof of absolute scarcity---something no physical asset such as gold can provide without requiring trust---in order to adjust interest rates and the supply of money. That digital asset will not come from central planners who can themselves manipulate the supply, but from a decentralized global asset whose supply is untouchable by any party or interest group.
@_date: 2015-04-10 16:18:00
The fatal flaw with gold is that its value almost entirely comes from its role as money, in the past and speculatively in the future. If the price of gold were primarily based on anything else than its role as money it would be orders of magnitude less expensive than it is today. Yet gold can never return to being money because we live in the digital age. 
Gold bugs are extremely astute in their criticisms of the current financial reality, and their insistence that we need a commodity based money rather than a credit based one is compelling. They saw the flaws, and they turned to precious metals as the solution because that was really the only alternative at the time . . . but unfortunately, this idea that gold, a physical object, a metal, could become money in an age where money requires the properties of being weightless and being able to be sent near instantaneously anywhere around the world, is just so fundamentally misguided that their very real concerns with the fiat system weren't taken seriously. Money needs to be digital, it is really just that simple, and the idea that I am going to send you sacks of metal by mail to pay for something I saw on Amazon is absurd. But the reason gold bugs insisted on a return to precious metals was not because they were physical, but because they weren't inherently corrupt the way a credit based money is where someone possesses the power to create money (absolute power corrupts absolutely). Unfortunately, many of these gold bugs became so wedded to gold, people like Peter Schiff (god bless him), that they now can't see the intrinsic flaw in the idea that a metal could become the primary money in the modern age, even after Bitcoin offers an alternative that has all of the important monetary properties of gold and yet is also digital. 
The gold bugs insist that even if gold is never going to become money in this literal sense of everyday buying and selling, it can still be used to back other forms of presumably more digital friendly money. But the only reason gold used to be used to back fiat currencies was, ultimately, because gold used to be money. We were simply backing "fake" money with "real" money in order to give confidence to the fake money. But once gold ceased to be money, it lost its ability to function in this role. 
Gold has to reestablish itself as money first before anyone will return it to its prior role as the "real" money behind credit, no one is going to just switch us back to the gold standard without it first doing so. Fiat currencies aren't going to peg themselves to a commodity whose only value is in the speculation that fiat currencies are going to peg themselves to it. But there is no way for gold to reestablish itself as money first because no one is going to rely primarily on metal coins in the digital age. The eventual demise of the gold standard was really just the end of a long history of gold's decline as a form of money. Gold lost its role as money, and it is not going to reclaim that role because the conditions that gave rise to its use as money no longer exist. As I've said ad nausea, we now live in a digital age, our ancestors who used gold as money did not. 
The price of bitcoin and gold are both speculative, their current market price is based on the hope that one day they will be reliable forms of money. The speculation rests in part of the recognition of the deep flaws of the current form of credit based money which will hopefully gradually be replaced. The difference, however, is that bitcoin has all of the properties required to fulfill this hope, gold does not. 
Gold bugs like to criticize Bitcoin for its lack of "intrinsic" value and point to the inherent desirability of gold as jewelry or its practical uses as a metal. The irony, however, is that it is gold that lacks the intrinsic properties required to be money in the digital age, not Bitcoin. And properties that allow these commodities to fulfill that role of being money in the digital age are really the only intrinsic properties that matter. That is, being DIGITAL is fundamentally the most important intrinsic property of modern money. 
@_date: 2019-09-30 02:57:14
By the time everyone recognizes an investment as a "good idea," it no longer has any possibility of being a great investment.
@_date: 2018-02-06 02:05:12
2017 was just the beginning. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:34:52
Right . . . back . . . at you. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:04:05
The  mistake I see most newcomers making about blockchain is the mistaken belief that a blockchain's security comes purely from its engineering, which is an easy impression to have when so much technical mumbo jumbo is coming your way.
The reality, however, is that economics are just as important to the security of a blockchain, which is why Bitcoin's blockchain is orders of magnitude more secure than most altcoins'. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:38:45
I thought Mycelium stopped all development after the crowd sale. Good to see I was wrong. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:43:56
Bitcoin is a productive asset. At minimum the network charges a fee for its use and holding the tokens results in the reception of "dividends" in the form of forks on a regular basis. But that is beside the point. 
It should be remembered that there was a time when Facebook and Google produced no income whatsoever from their products. And that, actually, it was precisely when they were least productive that as investments they had such tremendous upside potential. 
The reason Facebook had such huge upside potential was that any modern investor---i.e., not the types who are wedded to old thinking about "productive" and "unproductive" assets---could see that there was power in having everyone on the planet using your platform, even if at the time no one could figure out how to monetize that power. 
And conversely, any modern investor can now see that such platforms are running into brick walls due to their centralization. Society has become uncomfortable with these companies' degree of power, and it is beginning to be expressed in the ways that are now hurting Facebook's stock price.
@_date: 2017-10-08 15:37:56
"Ethereum Classic Legacy 2X Cash" . . . Hahahaha! 
@_date: 2017-10-19 18:40:32


In my experience, there is no need to push bitcoin, only the need to educate. Money speaks louder than words, and all you needed to say was that the current price is up ~100x from when he bought his first bitcoin and you could have shut up and never said another word. It would eat away at him for weeks. 
But if someone wants to know more, and many people do these days, then providing education is extremely beneficial. But if they don't, let it rest. It takes discipline not to actively promote bitcoin, but I find it is far more effective to never give people the sense that you are trying to sell them something. Ordinary middle class people, in particular, are averse to salesmen and will instantly think it is some kind of ponzi. What you want is for them to have a sense that you are doing them a favor by explaining it to them, not that they are doing you a favor by listening. 
BTW, your passenger makes me very nervous about the stock market. When guys like that are piling in, it suggests the end is near. 
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:38:37
This is a great read.


This is an important point not only in what it says about the dollar, but what it says about gold.
Fiat money--or more precisely, *bank credit--was born out of the precious metals paradigm. It is because precious metals were such bad mediums of exchange that banknotes and credit became popular substitutes* and eventually this popularity---once the infrastructure and widespread adoption of the banking system was ubiquitous---allowed them to replace precious metals entirely as money.
That is to say, fiat money was born out of the use of precious metals as money, it was the logical conclusion of the fact that the commodity used as money was cumbersome and not a good medium of exchange. Once the dependence on banks became locked in, and actual use of gold and silver for mediums of exchange no longer practiced, people had to essentially trust that their banks were holding the required amounts of these precious metals responsibly. Gold and silver effectively ceased to be mediums of exchange for everyday use, they were only used to settle accounts between banks and countries. 
What this meant, in effect, was that trust in one's bank became a more important commodity, if you will, than the actual precious metals that represented whether that trust was warranted.
Once trust in banks became more fundamental than gold, there was really no reason to require the gold anymore. Trusted institutions became the greatest commodity, and once that happened it only became a matter of time before the most trusted institution in a society---namely, the government---would use their own credit as a replacement for gold.
The gold standard inherently forced us to depend on institutions to store and hold the gold in order to use it as a medium of exchange, which made trust in these institutions more valuable than trust in gold.
Of course, gold continued to operate as the medium for settlements between banks. But, there too, banks had to trust that their fellow banks actually had the gold they claimed to have. To this day people still suspect that much of the gold held at the Federal Reserve is actually just gold plated bars of some other metal. There is no way to digitally verify if a bank actually holds the gold it claims to, the best one can operate with is an audit in which case one must trust the auditor, another institution.
Put simply, the limitations of gold forced us to trust institutions and therefore it was only a logical extension that eventually we would entirely replace precious metal money with institutional money (fiat currency).
Fiat currency is, at the end of the day, simply just institutional money. The institution we trust the most---strictly speaking in terms of credit worthiness---is the government, and the institution the world trusts the most is the US government.
But with Bitcoin, you don't actually need to trust an institution per se. Even if an institution is holding the money on your behalf, they have a way of digitally proving that they actually have the money without any need to trust a third party auditor. If bitcoin became the currency to settle accounts there would simply be no need to trust institutions at all, everything could be easily verified.
The fundamental transition we are looking at in the 21st century is the transition where the locus of trust is in institutions to being in blockchains and more broadly networks in the digital space. We have a long way to go, but this will be the journey that occupies the bulk of this century.
The fundamental problem with gold is that a return to a gold standard doesn't solve anything, it doesn't advance us away from having to trust institutions who can abuse that trust. And more importantly, by forcing us to remain in a state of trusting institutions, it means eventually a return to pure fiat currency will be inevitable.
And, note, crypto backed by gold doesn't fundamentally solve anything, it still depends on trust in the institution who is holding the gold and doesn't differ in any substantial way from the current banking paradigm.
And finally, the fundamental problem with gold, which is that it is cumbersome, will only be more, not less, of a problem in the digital age. The time required to settle accounts for large institutions will be so overwhelming that they will have no choice but to resort to trusting institutions (i.e., central banks) to do the moving and storing of the gold for them. Essentially, the Fed will move the gold from the US's account vault to China's vault, for instance, all within the same building at the end of the day, rather than attempting to ship the gold overseas every time settlement occurs. But this, too, will be so cumbersome that instead they will just store all the gold in one place and type in the appropriate balances.
And then, how will anything have changed whatsoever?
@_date: 2019-09-30 03:16:24
The only realistic way to go from working class to rich is to take risk. That doesn't mean the risk has to be dumb, like buying lottery tickets, and you should definitely do your research, but if there is no risk involved, if everyone tells you what you are doing is a good idea and not at least a few people think you are crazy, you will more or less remain exactly where you are for the rest of your life. 
In investing, the reason you go from poor or middle class to rich is because you are well before everyone else, which means by definition people will think you are naive, strange, or just plain stupid. If they don't think that way, it's because you aren't ahead of the crowd. This is a universal rule for great investments. The people who shorted the housing market were crazy, until they weren't. Us bitcoin investors were crazy, until we weren't. The good news is that people still think we are crazy.
@_date: 2015-09-26 16:46:48
Gavin's influence came in large part from his image of being the neutral, unbiased, apolitical engineer at the heart of bitcoin. The sparsity of philosophical or political commentary about bitcoin from him was forgiven, if not even expected, for his role was meant to be technician, not politician. 
All of that changed with XT however. Now Gavin is a political player and as such his power and influence will naturally change as he loses the image that caused so many to trust in him, the image of neutrality.    
In retrospect it doesn't seem as if it was ever possible for there to always be a neutral, unbiased engineer at the heart and helm of bitcoin. This was a nice illusion while Bitcoin slumbered in its infancy, but from here on out it is going to be political until the end of her days. 
@_date: 2015-09-19 15:26:46
He is talking about using a permissioned blockchain to replace cash as the monetary base. Only commercial banks and the Bank of England will ever use it, the public will be confined to bank deposits. 
The point is that if they want to have the ability to impose negative interest rates then they need a situation where people cannot remove money from their bank accounts even if they want to. This would be achieved if they got rid of cash. But the catch-22 is that it is cash that gives the BoE their power since cash represents base currency and the BoE has a monopoly over its generation. Remove cash and the central Bank of England becomes just another bank. So they need a new base currency over which the central bank will have monopoly control and which can continue to function as the settlement layer between banks. In short, they need a "cash" that isn't accessible to the public. That is what the blockchain makes possible, or so they think. 
Put simply, they see permissioned blockchains as the key to abolishing cash. 
Personally, I don't see how money that isn't directly accessible to the public and cannot be directly owned by the general public will ever last as a monetary base. 
@_date: 2015-09-26 16:20:04
The timing of the big banks efforts couldn't be more prescient given the block size debate. I can't pretend to understand the technical details of that debate, but what I do understand is that many people seem to envision Bitcoin principally as a payment system and that its success will come from its ease of use and efficiencies over existing systems like credit cards and Paypal. (My impression - correct me if I'm wrong - is that this is roughly Gavin and Hearn's orientation as well.)  
The problem with that view has always been that there is absolutely nothing preventing the established players, like the big banks, from creating their own blockchains and out of it systems that are just as efficient and easy to use as bitcoin can ever hope to be. There is no future in trying to compete with the established big players along lines that they can simply follow, only with more money, more influence, more regulation on their side, more reputation, etc. 
The future of bitcoin has always been going where big banks can't actually follow, and that is as a global, trustless, decentralized, permissionless digital monetary/financial system. The "internet of money" to quote Andreas. 
That isn't to belittle the profound importance of permissioned blockchains. It is just that eventually, if all goes well, all these private blockchains are going to need the one global blockchain. (One blockchain to rule them all.) What makes a blockchain "global" is if it is permissionless, trusted by all parties all over the planet, and censorship resistant. If a political dissident in Bangkok can use it to fight his government as reliably as a CEO of a major American corporation can use it to buy his government. 
A global currency can never come from one corporation ruling the entire planet, that is a 20th century wet dream. A global currency can only come from a system that is decentralized. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 18:57:40
The only difference between a MLM and a legitimate investment is that the latter has underlying real value, while the former does not. Not only does Bitcoin have underlying real value, but that real value correspondingly increases along with its market value and use (much like a social media network). People who liken bitcoin to a ponzi are people who mistakenly believe the network has no value, when in fact the opposite is the case: Bitcoin represents one of the most significant inventions of the modern era and transformative utility the likes not seen since the internet. 
@_date: 2015-09-29 01:20:39


They are the same thing really. If you are saying you want digital gold, then you are saying you want digital cash. When gold was used as money, it came in the form of coins. Essentially it was a more pure form of cash than cash is today. 
If you are saying you want digital cash, then you are saying you want a settlement layer, because cash today -- e.g., federal reserve notes -- is the settlement layer of the modern monetary system.
@_date: 2015-09-25 20:48:07
Even if the price skyrockets he will still be able to say it was because "of perceptions about its success." That's the great thing about economics, it's all opinion pretending to be science. 
@_date: 2019-09-30 02:40:24


Let's imagine two scenarios:
1. The currency is inflationary and loses value by 2% every year.
2. The currency is deflationary and rises in value by 2% every year.
Now imagine that the banking system offers you 5% interest on your deposits and you have $50,000 in savings.
In scenario  if you leave the money under your mattress you lose $1000 in purchasing power after a year. If you put it in the bank, you gain $1,500 in purchasing power after a year.
In scenario   if you leave the money under your mattress you gain $1000 in purchasing power after a year. If you put it in the bank, you gain $3,500 in purchasing power after a year.
Are you suggesting that in scenario  people would put the money in the bank, but in scenario  they would put the money under their mattress?
Of course not, in both scenarios people would prefer to put the money in the bank.
This is even more true if we are talking about institutions and high net worth individuals. Inflation in and of itself does not discourage people from hoarding. People don't hoard currency because they can make more money by lending it (in this example, by lending it to the bank), and that is equally true regardless of whether the currency is inflationary or deflationary.
Now, when you introduce negative interest rates this gets turned on its head . . .
@_date: 2015-09-25 21:07:24
I think the idea of "intrinsic value" is really that the commodity used as currency will still retain value even if it isn't considered money anymore. It provides a floor, as it were, beneath which its value cannot fall. 
It is interesting that bitcoin is being called a 'commodity,' because there is a tacit recognition there that bitcoin might actually possess intrinsic value. I don't think it is coincidence that this is happening around the time where there is so much buzz around blockchains as the future of finance. 
In essence, a successful blockchain will, in effect, become the foundation for entire financial systems, making the units of that blockchain intrinsically valuable. If bitcoin's blockchain were to become hugely successful -- largely due to characteristics inherent to public, open ledgers that can't be replicated by permissioned blockchains -- then even if bitcoin is never actually used as a currency in day to day affairs, its price would have a floor value exactly the same way we expect of other commodity based currencies like gold. 
So essentially bitcoin's "intrinsic value" is forward looking rather than backward looking the way it is with gold, for instance, and the irony might be that -- whereas gold's intrinsic value was what led it to eventually become money -- bitcoin's initial use as money might be what leads it to eventually possess intrinsic value even if it ceases to function as money. 
@_date: 2015-09-26 15:20:15
I suppose one day even food will have a value of zero. Let's not get ridiculous here. The point is that if a pure fiat money -- assuming there is such a thing -- ceases to function as money then its value goes to zero since it's value was 100% dependent on its role as money. Remove that role and it ceases to have value. 
A commodity based money, on the other hand, derives its value not simply in its function as money, but also from its value as a commodity. So if gold, for instance, is used as money and then suddenly people stop using it as money it will still retain value because people use gold for other things than money. It is a simple point really. This isn't to say that one day people will stop using gold entirely and the value will go to zero. The point is simply that its commodity status provides a floor for value loss should the commodity cease to function as money. 
Many people criticize bitcoin for not having intrinsic value, they accuse it of essentially being a fiat currency. But should the blockchain be used for all sorts of things beyond currency -- if smart contracts, stocks, and identity systems, etc, are all built eventually on top of the blockchain -- then even if bitcoin ceases to function as money it will retain its value, and that is precisely what is meant by "intrinsic value" (not some overblown philosophical notion that things will have value forever independent of human beings). In other words, bitcoin may develop intrinsic value. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 19:12:10
Fractional reserve lending is really just money creation. More precisely it is a way of achieving money creation. But with cryptocurrency money creation can be achieved in other ways. 
If you have the exclusive right or ability to create a particular token, then all you need is for people to use that token as money and you will have gained the power of money creation. The banking system achieved this power over time by using fractional reserve lending whereby they acquired large amounts of the base currency and then promised to exchange their privately issued credit or token in exchange for this base currency on demand. Because the token, paper banknotes, had certain advantages over the base money (e.g., gold), select people already wanted to use it but they needed to know it could also be exchanged for "real" money at any time. Because it was unlikely everyone would ask for their "real" money simultaneously, the bank could issue more of their credit money than they actually had real money backing it. This gave them the initial power to create money. But eventually paper money itself became the base currency at which point the banking system had effectively gained the complete power to create money and fractional reserve lending of paper banknotes became a thing of the past as central banks now could print an infinite amount of banknotes without anything backing them. 
In order to gain this power ultimately they required two things: 1) A token that held certain advantages over base money. And 2) a promise to exchange that less trustworthy token for base money on demand. While anyone with a printing press could have created a paper token in the old days, only banks with strong vaults could guarantee the ability to exchange those tokens for base money. So banks became associated with this process of money creation. However, it is important to understand that there is no inherent need for large institutions to control money creation and with cryptocurrency there is no apparent reason why banks would be required at all.  
Instant access to exchange rates and the ability exchange any digital cryptocurrency or token for bitcoin, or whatever represents base cryptocurrency, removes the inherent advantage that banks once held of being the only ones who could exchange tokens for base money. When only banks could actually guarantee an exchange rate for manufactured tokens for base currency they inevitably became the creators of money. But what happens when anyone can create a token that, for example, runs on top of the bitcoin block chain AND can guarantee that that token can be exchanged for base currency (assuming it has value)?
If everyone can create their own crypto-tokens and those tokens can be easily exchanged for "real" money on demand, then everyone gains access to the power of money creation, assuming they can find a way of giving their particular token advantages over the base money that gives it an exchange value. 
For example, take a digital currency inside of a massive online virtual reality video game. Suppose it is a fantasy game and the money in that game is gold and silver coins but these coins are actually a kind of cryptocurrency that can be exchanged for other cryptocurrencies outside of the game. Because of the closed system of the video game no other currency can be used inside of the game itself. This gives that game's currency inherent advantages over, say, bitcoin which can't be used in the game. This advantage gives the game's currency exchange value. So the game has, in effect, become a bank and has gained the power of money creation. You can imagine countless such ecosystems. 
So my suspicion is that to the extent that fractional reserve lending really just boils down to money creation, we should actually expect more money creation, not less, in the age of cryptocurrency. What changes, however, is that the banking system is no longer required for this. Obviously that has all sorts of implications. 
@_date: 2015-09-06 16:11:14
Deflation is worse for the modern banking system. When deflation occurs it becomes less profitable to loan and more difficult to repay loans. This is because the real value of your money is increasing so any existing debts are becoming more expensive over time and any new loans need an outrageous interest rate to outpace the rising value of money. Our modern monetary system creates money when banks lend money, so if lending stalls, money creation stalls. If money creation stalls the rate of deflation increases, creating a vicious cycle. The deeper it gets, the more people default on their loans and the more bank balance sheets don't add up as more and more financial assets disappear into thin air. So deflation is bad for the banking system.
This has led many people to conclude that deflation is just "bad" in general, when in actuality it is just bad because of how the modern banking system works. Even within the context of the modern system deflation merely occurs when citizens are paying down their debts and choosing to save. Why is this intrinsically a bad thing? It is bad for the modern banking system, but perhaps that indicates there is something wrong with the current system, not that there is something wrong with saving and being financially responsible. 
The inflation paradigm, the spending paradigm, benefits banks. It benefits banks in the same way lots of automobile use benefits gas and oil companies. It is in gas companies' interests that people drive a lot. In the same way, it is in bankers interests that people borrow a lot; inflation guarantees that they will. Since banks essentially run the show, is it any wonder everyone has bought the narrative that inflation is inherently good? Of course they want us to believe that borrowing is the key to economic prosperity, that is how they gain their wealth and power! But in the same way the insane use of oil and gas is causing global warming, the insane amount of borrowing is causing massive levels of debt worldwide. It isn't sustainable. Global warming and the debt epidemic are both flooding us with warning signs. But it seems people are making too much money and gaining too much power for anything short of a catastrophe to get us to reverse coarse in either areas. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:29:28
This is why people like you are terrible investors, you only invest in the winners after they've already won . . . 
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:10:03
The purpose of this thread was actually to point to the [original thread]( made in 2014 when the price was around $300. Interestingly, he received almost the exact same number of up votes, and the comments seem nearly identical as well. 
@_date: 2015-09-18 18:17:07
In the current monetary system, central banks operate as primitive blockchains. Effectively, a central bank provides a "shared database" so that commercial banks can settle accounts between one another. Furthermore, the units of account used by central banks are traditionally known as "cash," which is analogous to the units of account used in blockchains in that direct ownership of these units is possible (which is why bitcoin is sometimes explained as "digital cash").  
When a money can be directly owned, it becomes the base money of the monetary system built around it. Contemporary monetary systems are vast systems built, ultimately, around cash which can be directly owned. When a money cannot be directly owned, it becomes "credit." The difference between a blockchain and a database is the difference between money and credit. 
It is having the power of being the sole issuer of the base currency, of the form of money that can be directly owned, that gives central banks their power. It is due to this power that central banks end up becoming the clearing house and settlement layer of interbank settlements, and it is in having the power to set the price of base money, as well as controlling its supply, that allows them to set interest rates. You take base money out of the equation, central banks become just another bank. 
The problem central banks face today is that cash, the base money around which modern monetary systems are built, is rapidly losing its utility and value in the digital age. Not only are people not using it as much, but after QE commercial banks are swimming in so much of it (technically, central bank reserves) that they never really need to borrow more. (For the Fed to raise interest rates, assuming it even wants to, it can no longer just use the traditional tools, it now will have to actually borrow money from non-bank financial institutions and pay them interest on the loan in order to bring up the base rate.) So there is a crisis with base money, there is too much of it and people don't want it anyway.  
Furthermore, if banks are intent on creating a blockchain to provide interbank settlements, they will no longer use central banks to settle accounts. If they no longer use central banks to settle accounts, then central bank money only has special value in that cash can be directly owned/possessed and therefore commercial banks require cash to pay customers who wish to make withdrawals. But as cash is made out of paper and is not suited for the digital age, people are using it less and less and withdrawals becoming more and more rare.
Put simply, the blockchain used as a settlement layer for the banks will ultimately end up replacing central banks' role as settlement layer for commercial banks and thus the units used in conjunction with the blockchain will replace the need for central bank reserves. Consequently, whoever controls the issuance of this money will control the monetary system.
If these international bankers are talking about using a new currency with the blockchain they intend to use as a interbank settlement layer, call it 'bankcoin,' then bankcoin -- a non-national currency issued by bankers -- is really poised to become a new world reserve currency.
Ultimately what makes Bitcoin special and unique over its competitors, whether it be Bankcoin or Ethereum, is that Bitcoin isn't controlled by anyone. It is the decentralized nature of Bitcoin that keeps it poised to compete as a global currency. As we transition into the 21st century, the role of money and power is going to get more and more tense. Throughout this tension, the currency that has no political allegiance, that is fair and free from central control, whether it be bitcoin or some other open currency, will be positioned to do well. 
@_date: 2015-09-26 06:16:59
Only one candidate, to my knowledge, has openly embraced bitcoin: Rand Paul. Further, Paul is very hostile toward the Fed and is anti-regulation. However, Paul seems exceedingly unlikely to win the Republican primary. 
Virtually every other candidate on both sides are deeply friendly to the banking system. I believe all five of Hillary Clinton's top five donors are big banks. 
The one exception is Bernie Sanders. Sanders has been openly hostile toward the banking system, wants to break up the banks, lead efforts to audit the Fed, and doesn't accept campaign donations from these institutions. There is an interesting interview between him and Nomi Prins in which they discuss the Fed: 
But just because Sanders is hostile toward the existing banking system doesn't mean he would necessarily be pro-bitcoin. Nevertheless, I think his cabinet would much more likely include people like Nomi Prins than pro-Fed neo-liberals like Krugman or Summers. 
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:34:34
You can never truly have a free and democratic society with modern money, particularly as cash disappears. 
It isn't just a problem of money influencing politics. Modern money itself is the problem. This is because (as cash disappears) money can only exist inside banks. It is transferred between banks but it is not something you or I can actually have direct control over. As national currency it is essentially a monopoly product and so I have no choice but to use it if I wish to use money. Yet in order to survive and engage in economic activity one must use money. Its use is regulated and monitored by the federal government so there is no economic activity I can engage in that is not being spied upon. 
I cannot live without this product and by law I must use it, yet I can also not actually possess it directly (as cash ceases to be meaningful) but instead must ask for permission to use it. When I use it I am spied upon for using it. I am a slave in the Orwellian sense and like the members of that fictional society, as long as I do what I am told I am allowed to continue.
@_date: 2015-09-03 15:47:26


The wealth transfer that was seen in the past from the feudal class to the merchant class is repeating itself all over in the 21st century, only now the transfer is from the business class to the technology class. Bitcoin is going to play a large role in that wealth transfer because "average joes" who are intimidated by it tend to steer clear. This makes it so that Bitcoin's success disproportionally benefits technology savvy people.
 &gt; Or they think it's a "ponzi scheme" and yet they can never explain to me how. 
A "ponzi scheme" -- and by that they actually mean a "pyramid scheme" -- is just a lay person's term for 'finance.' There is a reason the US dollar has a big fat pyramid printed on it. The modern monetary system -- and the financial system built on top of it -- guarantee a constant and reliable transfer of wealth from the bottom to the middle and from the middle to the top (pyramid). That's what money is, an instrument to facilitate wealth transfer. Accusing Bitcoin of being a pyramid scheme is basically just admitting that it is money.
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:03:54
I average person sees no one buying coffee with bitcoin, don't know any of their friends who use it, and naturally conclude no one is using it. 
Meanwhile, the reality is 1 billion USD of value are being transacted per day using the Bitcoin network. How is it that these two things align?
Actually, it is the same thing with the USD. The vast majority of USD exchanged everyday happens on forex, completely invisible to ordinary people. Retail transactions just represent a tiny portion, the spillover as it were. Same with Bitcoin. Actual retail level bitcoin transactions do take place everyday, they just represent a tiny portion of the total transactional volume. 
Money is about liquidity, and traders, speculation, and financial markets provide the backbone and infrastructure for that liquidity. That's where all the action is, that's what matters at this stage. The question is, is bitcoin being used for trading, speculation, and financial markets---is it creating the liquidity basis for an eventual global currency---and the answer is, absolutely, yes. Bitcoin is being used exactly as it is meant to be used, and it is a stunning success thus far. People who thought it was about buying coffee at Starbucks were like people who thought the main purpose of a cellphone was to be used as a paper weight. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 22:27:19
That's not really what I mean by "liquidity." It's true that less delays and faster confirmation times results in a small increase in liquidity. But even if all the transactions occurred on-chain, as you suggest, with no fees; bitcoin, in its current state, would still lack the liquidity to become a world currency capable of replacing fiat monies.
Think of liquidity as the oil that makes the economic machine run smoothly. To understand the concept, imagine a world in which money did not exist. To buy a roll of toilet paper would require finding something of comparable value in your home and trading that item with the person selling toilet paper and hoping that that person was interested in the item you were offering. To purchase the simplest of items would become a real headache as you struggled to find things to trade for what you needed and a merchant willing to accept your items in exchange. The result would be an economy that would stagnate under the weight of all the extra energy going into acquiring even the most ordinary products. With money, whose primary purpose is to make economic exchange smooth and seamless, none of these problems arise.
Now imagine a world were bitcoin is the only currency. Within this world exists a wealthy retired man whose owns six houses and yet because of unforeseen circumstance suddenly lacks any bitcoin on hand to buy groceries with. He is wealthy, he should be able to feed himself, but he can't without selling one of his homes which, of course, could take months. Without the ability to take a loan against his existing wealth, he ends up starving to death. It is a simplistic and unrealistic example, but it demonstrates how a world with only base currency and no credit cannot provide adequate liquidity for the economy to function smoothly. 
Credit in and of itself is not the problem. The problem is when the issuance of credit is controlled by a tiny elite minority who then, effectively, can direct the entire economic flow of society, abuse the system for their own gain, and cause catastrophe for the rest of us. 
@_date: 2015-11-07 23:51:27


It sounds like Mike Hearn wants Bitcoin to be a bit more like some of these alt-coin projects like Ethereum where the founders maintain strong control over the project. But it is precisely because those projects are not adequately decentralized, in terms of control over the code, that they will never become real competitors to Bitcoin despite the fact that they are superior products in many ways. 
The key to global **base** money in the 21st century is the fact that no one will have control over it. How else are you going to get a true global currency short of having a one world government? The currency must be something everyone, all nations, all players, can trust. If the currency is such that its code can be rapidly changed by a handful of very powerful players without a broader consensus then the trust in the currency will really boil down to a trust in those handful of players, at which point Bitcoin just becomes another, slower, altcoin project and certainly not a candidate for a global reserve currency. The irony is that it is because the code is so difficult to change, it is because of Bitcoin's inertia and the fact that no one has dictatorial power over decisions that trust in the coin continues to grow while people view most altcoins with suspicion. 
I understand that a project like Bitcoin hasn't really been done before, and the tendency is to get frustrated and want to revert to using the hierarchical models of the past. But money is the foundation of society and the way governance of Bitcoin is determined is a profound subject, not an inconvenience or distraction.  Scalability is really secondary to this whole the debate, the real question is how will the solution be arrived upon? 
If the solution is arrived upon in a way that there is a general consensus, everyone feels satisfied and educated about how future problems of this variety might be solved, then the value of the currency will greatly appreciate. 
On the other hand, if the solution is the result of a panic, where more control and authority is handed to a fewer number of players and where more centralization occurs broadly through the ecosystem, then trust, hope, and optimism -- the pillars of a strong monetary system -- will begin to give way to cynicism and doubt, the perception that the currency is corrupt and not much of an improvement over legacy systems, and the currency will depreciate. Take away excitement in Bitcoin and you have struck a far more mortal blow than technical flaw could provide. 
@_date: 2015-11-03 07:05:49
Going to Jupiter, will pass the moon on the way. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 08:12:05
My current view -- and this is quite a bit adjusted from how I used to think -- is that competition between cryptos -- as well as cryptos built on top of, or as side chains of, other public block chains -- will guarantee the qualities users want rise to the top. The governance within any particular crypto will tend to shape that crypto toward a particular philosophy and will cause that crypto to embody certain qualities. These qualities will then either be rewarded in the market, or rejected by it. But without a single currency everyone is forced to use, no entity will be able to use money as an absolute instrument of power the way we are accustomed. 
I think one reason Bitcoin has become so obsessed with security is precisely because the community has for a long time imagined that Bitcoin would be the only crypto, and that other cryptos would or will die out due to being redundant. This burden of being the one world currency meant we had to be particularly vigilant about preserving Bitcoin's decentralization. But what I am beginning to see is that the crypto space is exploding with other coins, each unique, and that this trend will continue and guarantee that the space remains free even if any one coin appears to be co-opted. 
But precisely because Bitcoin was so focused on preserving its purity, this quality will last as a defining attribute that makes Bitcoin the most dependable, trustworthy, and reliable crypto. And while those qualities may seem somewhat boring in this new space, they are the qualities of money, and there will be a phase when the space becomes so crazy that dependable qualities of bitcoin will be something people flee toward. When everyone begins to realize crypto is real, and people are allocating portions of their portfolios to it, institutions will turn to the most reliable crypto and Bitcoin will be in a position to become a world reserve currency. This means that a lot of power and influence will come descending down upon it, just as you fear.
I also think that the irony is that when the old world sees how the current scaling debate resolves itself, and they sense that Bitcoin lies within the realm of power and influence and is not a pure anarchist utopian currency, it will gain a great deal of legitimacy in their eyes. This will coincide with the fact that the network will now be prepared to scale and will be opened to the kinds of cutting edge innovations that will make it attractive for a range of uses which will add to its overall value.
I also foresee decentralized exchanges becoming competitive with fiat-to-crypto exchanges in the future. Decentralized exchanges -- meaning exchanges that aren't actually run by a company and therefore beyond regulation -- will only truly be possible once everything goes crypto, including government money. Right now, a decentralized exchange isn't truly effective as you still have to deal with the banking system. But as soon as you can use crypto to buy everything you can use fiat for, people will no longer have any need to exchange out of crypto into bank money. This will gradually limit the kind of power fiat-to-crypto exchanges currently hold over the space and eventually fiat money will disappear. There is going to be a complete readjustment from governments as they realize both that they need crypto and that they can't really control it.
Not that they won't try. The road ahead of us is going to be long and always chaotic and exciting. But my feeling is that this space is going to explode in such a way that it seems decentralized beyond our wildest dreams.
Finally, I should say that I don't think the post-crypto world is going to be free from power, influence, corruption, politics and inequities. There is going to be a massive wealth re-org as the old system dies and the new one is born, and many of the old powers that be will be replaced by new ones. But fundamentally what we are talking about is the democratization of money. Crypto is to old money, as a republic or democracy is to a monarchy or dictatorship. The result is going to be an economic renaissance the likes none of us have ever seen. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 05:10:12
So many in this community have been promoting that we essentially hand control of Bitcoin over to this man who then turns around and becomes the "Lead Platform Engineer" of the multinational bankers. I can't imagine anything bringing more clarity to what the Bitcoin civil war has fundamentally really been about than this. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 05:53:31
When we refer to exchanges/wallets, what we are really referring to are the *economically significant* nodes. As it turns out, the economically significant nodes are the only nodes that really matter to the governance of the system. 
Prior to the scaling debate, this wasn't very well understood. When Bitcoin first began, a node and a miner were essentially one and the same. When the two separated, the common assumption was that the power of governance went with mining, and that nodes were more or less politically impotent. The problem, ultimately, was with the fact that anyone could run a node, so that despite the fact that nodes ultimately decide what software to run, they had no power to really enforce this as anyone could easily fire up any arbitrary number of them. The irony was that the very thing so many of us small blockers fought for -- the effort to insure everyone could easily run a node to protect Bitcoin's decentralization and to defend against miner coercion -- was contributing to the limited political power of nodes. While there are a variety of benefits to a network where all the users have direct access to full nodes, by limiting the economic expenses of running a full node, we simultaneously seemingly limited the political influence of nodes over the network since nodes were so easily sybil attacked. 
Indeed, one of the great disillusionments of 2017 -- and perhaps incidentally also, in part, why we are undergoing another great hype cycle -- is with the realization that Bitcoin is still of this world, and like with everything else, political power follows economic power. 
But it turns out that despite the fact that nodes are cheap to run, some nodes do still have a great deal more economic value than others. Those are the nodes used by exchanges (and to a lesser extent, SPV wallets). If these economically significant nodes were to collectively soft fork they would effectively leave coins on the original chain blockaded from any of the major sources of economic activity, suffocating the chain's economic value, and thereby forcing miners to switch to the exchange lead chain instead. Even if the original chain enjoyed overwhelming hashing power dominance, without the ability to exchange, process, or trade coins on that chain, the chain would rapidly lose value. Even if the exchange lead chain began with very little hashing power, the high value would immediately entice miners to jump ship, particularly since the earlier they were to do so, the more profits they could enjoy due to the lack of miner competition on that chain. Additionally, since the original chain would likely be vulnerable to a reorg once the new chain achieved hashing dominance, the longer miners persisted on the original chain, the more exaggerated their loses could potentially become. 
In other words, we are only now beginning to realize that nodes have every bit as much real governance power over the network as miners. But just as with miners, where their relative power is determined by how much hashing power they produce, nodes' relative power depends on how much economic activity runs through and depends upon them. Someone mining bitcoin on their laptop doesn't have much political power, and a random user running a full node on their laptop doesn't either. But a miner running a large mining farm does enjoy some political power, and likewise so does a small exchange running a full node. Like miners, nodes must achieve overwhelming consensus to effectively exercise their power, but overwhelming consensus is not measured in the number of nodes, but in the relative economic weight of those nodes.  
As it stands now, this is mostly theoretically. But if BIP148 is successful, it will set precedence that firmly establishes exchanges as, for all intents and purposes, a branch of government over the Bitcoin network. This was always going to happen, it was embedded in the design of the network from the beginning. Indeed, [back in 2010, Gavin Andresen]( argued that exchanges would have have as much, if not more, say in the fate of a chain split than hashing power alone.
It was probably, in part, this realization that contributed to Gavin becoming a big blocker. The reason is simple: if nodes will ultimately be weighed by their economic significance, then there really is no point in keeping nodes cheap since presumably the only nodes that really have any power will already be run by those who can afford more expensive ones in the first place.
Put differently, if influencing the rules of the Bitcoin network no longer comes down to influencing *all* of the nodes, but rather just the economically significant ones, then the network is already more easily captured and keeping nodes small won't change that. 
Furthermore, once the economic majority -- i.e., the exchanges -- realize the power they possess, they will use this power to advance their interests. On the issue of block size, their interests align more or less with the miners: they want cheap on-chain transactions. With the miners and exchanges -- currently the two main branches of governance -- agreed on this issue, the result is all but inevitable. 
The scaling debate is over. It was over really before it began, it was just that everything had to play out in the world of time. [As Satoshi Nakamoto once wrote](


This was always how it was going to go. A UASF, the Silbert agreement, a miner activted hard fork . . . they all lead us to the same place. Larger block capacity and nodes that the ordinary user will not be able to run. 
Bitcoin is moving into a new phase of its existence. Each phase begins with a hype cycle, and we appear to be in the early stages or one now. With this phase, Bitcoin, and crypto in general, become far more mainstream -- and with that comes all the downsides of the mainstream, including politics and power. 
Governments will be all over Bitcoin, I can assure you. At this point, decentralization depends on the fact that Bitcoin is global, and therefore no one government can control its fate, and in the expansion of the crypto market in general, providing plenty of competition to BItcoin so that the compromise of any one cryptocurrency can be corrected by the free market. And contrary to what many expected, many governments are going to see great opportunity in letting Bitcoin and crypto thrive. World governments no longer want to be at the mercy of a rival's central bank, no one wants to be dependent on the US dollar as the global reserve currency, and many governments will see crypto as an opportunity to diminish US power. Perhaps not in this immediate phase, but eventually mining will decentralize as governments see the need to promote the industry in order to protect their nations' financial interests, and exchanges will remain decentralized due to proliferation around the globe where each exchange resides in a unique jurisdiction.  
@_date: 2016-10-27 14:44:58
In my view, if Bitcoin, and the ecosystem that derives from it, doesn't provide adequate liquidity then it will eventually give way to an alternative that does. This is because liquidity is the main function of money in society, so bitcoin wouldn't actually be fulfilling the primary function of its being, which is AS money. 
As we stand now, Bitcoin represents the *base* currency of the ecosystem. This base currency is fixed in supply. That is not intrinsically a problem, in fact it is probably an asset as it provides stability and trust to the monetary system. But the overall system does need to discover a way to expand an contract liquidity, organically, in a decentralized manner that avoids the pitfalls of having central actors make these decisions the way current fiat systems work. Being a global currency means it must avoid the favoritism intrinsic to system controlled by central actors in which expanding and contracting the money supply and controlling where that money initially flows benefits some at the expense of others. Bitcoin, again as a global money, must be neutral which requires that the expansion and contraction of the money supply be organic and derives simply from the natural flow of economic need.
Since the base currency supply is fixed, this means liquidity will inevitably need to come from 2nd layer money that derive their value ultimately by being forms of credit of the base money. In order for this to happen, these forms of credit will need to utilize something like colored coins so that debts can in some way be paid directly back to the original bitcoin address from which the colored coins derive, thereby allowing credit to be issued without the need for third party institutions like banks.
There is a long road before we begin to see these kinds of innovations, but I think bitcoin has to be flexible enough to allow for them in the future. The base currency, first and foremost, must be secure, neutral, and trustworthy, but the system as a whole will need to be very innovative and fluid. I think the core devs are extremely wise in how they are treating the base currency thus far, and I think the big blockers tend to be reckless. They (big blockers) intuit where bitcoin needs to go, but they don't understand/respect the distinction between base currency and credit and desire to conflate the two. 
@_date: 2015-11-01 02:23:58
Bitcoin isn't going to compete with slick Proof of Stake coins like Ethereum or Bitshares -- which are leaps and bounds ahead of Bitcoin in so many different ways -- by becoming more like them. Scaling Bitcoin, which seems like a colossal task to move through, is just a drop in the ocean of things Bitcoin would need to do to compete on those coins' on their own terms. Crazy projects like the one Dotcom is talking about are naturally going to work better with a fully programmable and super fast coin like Ethereum.
Bitcoin needs to focus instead on reinforcing her own advantages. For instance, Bitcoin, being a proof-of-work coin, is inherently more trustworthy as a global currency. The fact that it is not *permanently* controlled by anyone, nor could it be, is immensely important when we are talking about a global bank that will have citizens all over the planet interacting with it. Proof of Stake coins operate more like private companies than impersonal, fair, and just decentralized systems. Even the democratized version of PoS implemented by Bitshares is really just the same model used by publicly traded companies today. Putting the world's monetary system into the hands of a private corporation just isn't a very attractive sounding idea. A monetary system that transcends government money must be considered neutral and fair by all parties for it to ever be accepted as such. Neutral and fair is precisely what Bitcoin has going for it, and unfortunately these other proof-of-stake coins, for all their advantages, will never have that. 
The primary focus with Bitcoin should be on strengthening her decentralized, fungible, and anonymous nature, things that reinforce the idea of a neutral, trustworthy system. A system that isn't going to steal your money and doesn't judge what you use your money for. This is the kind of thing that will give Bitcoin a permanent advantage over her more centralized competitors as a monetary system. If protocol level changes are easily implemented in a coin, like Ethereum for example, then it is also easy to implement in that coin KYC or other changes that violate trust in it. The fact that it is difficult to get protocol level changes through with Bitcoin increases the perception that the coin is trustworthy and that only changes that are broadly accepted, rather than just dictated from on high, will ever be implemented. 
This is precisely why innovation within the Bitcoin ecosystem must happen outside of the protocol layer itself, though ideally protocol level changes will be implemented that help facilitate, rather than hamper, such innovation. There is nothing wrong with having private companies doing the innovating and profit-seeking on additional layers as long as the protocol layer itself is not privatized, as it essential is in proof-of-stake coins. If private entities, like Blockstream, can innovate to give Bitcoin various advantages that harness the advantage of having such a dependable, trustworthy, and secure core, then more power to them! These companies could very well be the key to Bitcoin's future success and why ultimately trying to turn the core into Ethereum-lite will just prove to be unnecessary. More importantly, perhaps, is that the advantages to having such a strong settlement layer, monetarily, will prove to be what allows for greater innovation, using additional layers, than what the "faster, slicker" coins will be capable of.  
@_date: 2018-04-05 02:38:42
Anyone who compares crypto to SunEdison is an idiot. Period. 
@_date: 2016-05-24 08:50:17
It seems that the mainstream enthusiasm over blockchain tech is having a secondary positive effect on bitcoin's reputation. Even though people are still very skeptical of bitcoin as a currency, the fact that they are taking its underlying technology so seriously is tempering the skepticism of the currency itself to a degree. 
The skepticism is also being tempered by bitcoin's refusal to die. Its persistence is causing people to believe there may be something more real underlying bitcoin than smokes and mirrors. 
Generally speaking, confidence in the currency is growing within the larger public. It is ironic because so many people in the space are experiencing just the opposite as the block size debate lingers and Ethereum shakes confidence in Bitcoin. 
Many people in this space are comfortable with fast technological change and risky investments, that is why they got interested in Bitcoin in the first place. If Bitcoin isn't changing fast enough they fear stagnation and flee into another currency. 
But the general public doesn't think that way. They aren't thinking that this new cryptocurrency has features Bitcoin doesn't have, they don't care that Ethereum is Turing complete. What impresses them is the fact that Bitcoin won't die, that it actually is storing value. You think these people are going to want to use Ethereum with its insane price swings just because it has faster confirmation times? No. The whole reason most people never touched Bitcoin in the first place is because it was speculative and untrustworthy. What impresses them about bitcoin now is that it increasingly doesn't seem insanely speculative and that it increasingly seems like something that will be around for awhile. 
Put differently, what impresses the larger public are qualities that bitcoin alone possesses among the cryptocurrencies. It alone possesses them, in part, because these are qualities you can't simply program in, you can't simply create a new alt coin and declare, "See! It is as trustworthy as Bitcoin!" The fact that bitcoin retains its value in the face of so many attacks and dangers is a quality relatively unique to it. Bitcoin is on the front line, all the hostility against cryptocurrency is directed toward Bitcoin. And while many see this as a weakness, that Bitcoin will be crushed under the weight of all this hostility and thereby allow a competitor like Ethereum to rise to the top, it is the fact that it is so resilient in the face of so much hostility that makes it seem extraordinarily trustworthy. In short, what impresses the public is the fact that Bitcoin won't die. Perhaps it can't die? 
And the general public wasn't afraid of Bitcoin because of slow confirmation times or because the fees were 5 cents per transaction. People were afraid because it was untrustworthy, speculative, and perhaps even "criminal." Why would they risk using a money that they couldn't even trust would be around next year? 
A cryptocurrency that is trusted will be hard to beat. Trust is the killer app. Unfortunately, it is an app that takes time to build. But if Bitcoin eventually has that kind of trust with the public -- meaning that the public believes bitcoins will retain their value and will continued to be something they can use in the future -- the fact that it is slightly clunkier than the next cryptocurrency won't matter.
The difficulty is in building that kind of trust absent government endorsement or sanction. Many people actually assume this is Bitcoin's weakness. But it is also what allows Bitcoin to act similar to gold and to be a hedge against a crisis in confidence of government money.  
If there were a mass exodus from Bitcoin into another cryptocurrency, for whatever reasons, then the trust in cryptocurrency in general would be violated and no one would be able to trust that the fate met to Bitcoin wouldn't eventually effect their cryptocurrency of choice. If value was constantly fleeing from one cryptocurrency to another, soon they would all lose their value. Money that is not trusted to retain value just doesn't function well as money. 
If value was constantly skipping from one coin to another, this would only reinforce the popular notion of cryptocurrencies as ponzi schemes devoid of intrinsic value. The fact that bitcoin is moving into a phase where the public is thinking less of it as a ponzi and more as something that potentially has intrinsic value is a huge step forward for cryptocurrency. 
 
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:49:47


I think in the current environment it is actually the other way around. Inflation, due to massive amounts of money printing and low interest rates,  almost entirely explains the rise in asset prices across the board, making the rich richer and leaving the rest of society falling behind. 
The reason no one talks about inflation is because the inflation is almost entirely seen in these rising speculative asset prices. This is because all the cheap money is going to the rich (banks, financial institutions, and corporations) who are then using this money to reinvest, often buying their own company's stock. Since people are used to stocks reflecting real underlying value in the economy, everyone assumes rising stock prices is good for the economy, and thus there is no talk about inflation. In fact, most inflation indices don't measure rising asset values. 
The fact that the rich are making a killing while the real economy remains stagnate should be a red flag for everyone, but the people who need to care don't because they are making such a killing. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 15:40:55
The future of banking is inseparable from the future of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-10-07 05:27:34
Bitcoin is backed by electricity. 
People are under the mistaken impression that money creation is a simple matter of running the printing press. If you simply run the printing press the money will very soon become worthless.
Money creation actually involves the act of destroying value from the existing economy and then, in turn, creating new money of corresponding equal value. This transfers the value from the economy to the new money and is the magical moment that represents money creation.
Take a central bank like the Bank of England, for instance. To create new money it doesn't just run the printing press and/or type in a bunch of numbers into one of its member banks' account. In itself that wouldn't represent money creation. The money creation moment is achieved when the BoE buys existing financial assets with the newly "printed" money. Put simply, they remove some existing value from the economy and exchange it for new monetary tokens, thereby magically engendering these tokens with value equivalent to the financial assets that have been removed from circulation. 
Take the more ancient process of coin minting if you prefer. Metal ore is removed from the economic system and is no longer available for use in the production of jewelry and such -- it ceases to be useful as metal per se and instead becomes valuable now as money. That economic value that once was present in its use as ore is in an instant converted into a corresponding value as money. 
When we say that money is backed by something, the true meaning of that is not that the money is convertible into its underlying asset upon demand. The true meaning is simply that upon creation its value came from the disappearance of value of whatever backed it. The pound is created by removing bonds from circulation, it is backed by those bonds. But you can't exchange your money for those bonds on demand, nor do those bonds safeguard the value of the currency against complete collapse since those bonds are denominated in the very same currency that would be under collapse.
The critical thing is not the convertibility of a money into some other valuable, the critical thing is that when that money was created it attained its value not just from people spontaneously declaring it to have value, but by deriving that value from some other valuable which was "destroyed" in the process, or more accurately had its value "transferred" to the newly created money. 
This is precisely what mining does for bitcoin. New bitcoins are created with value because value is destroyed in the form of electricity in the act of their creation, that value is transferred to the value of the newly created coins. Money creation must always have some underlying exchange of value, the fact that this particular form of exchange has negative consequences for the environment is a problem with our current methods for generating electricity, not a problem with bitcoin per se. 
Many people have this false notion of money creation as simply a matter of creating new tokens. This is where the whole notion of bitcoin as "monopoly money" comes from. I fear some alt-coins that issue currencies without backing that currency (i.e., destroy some existing value in the process) are going to be in for a rude awakening. 
So, if there is one thing that is true about bitcoin, it is most definitely NOT that mining is a liability upon the system. Just the opposite, it is a glowing asset and one of the miracles of the system. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 15:28:50
This whole "blockchain not bitcoin" is just the latest in a long list of hype bubbles to infect the bitcoin ecosystem with a legion of scammers surfing the wave. We had the asic mining equipment phase (plenty of people got scammed during that), the cloud mining phase, the 2014 altcoin craze and countless shitcoin scams, the "hacked" exchanges scams, we had the 2.0 hype bubbles, ugh . . . 
Now we have the "private blockchains" phase. The difference is this one is targeting Wallstreet professionals and extremely rich institutions, so the scammers surfing this wave need to be very skilled. Don't get me wrong, all of the previously mentioned phases produced legitimate stuff -- even though 99% of the coins produced during the altcoin phase were crap, it did produce Ethereum -- and so will this one. The problem is that most of the money ends up chasing the hype. Private blockchains may be somewhat legit for some marginal use cases, but mostly they are just hype being driven by elite scam-artists who are telling people they can draw seven perpendicular lines if enough money is thrown at them. (I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of them are the same people who were scamming people during the altcoin phase.)
But the current bubble shows there is insane demand from Wallstreet for what Bitcoin represents. They haven't yet arrived at the realization that you have to get it through ... er ... Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-03 14:00:45
This is a brilliant article that unfortunately will go over as many peoples' heads as Craig Wright himself did.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 15:41:08
The problem is that if exchanges CAN do this -- which they can -- then eventually they can also be forced to do so. The free market can't stop governments from imposing their laws upon centralized exchanges. This is why the problem is potentially with Bitcoin itself, many think, not with the exchanges. But that is only the case if exchanges themselves remain centralized and subject to government regulation and manipulation. If decentralized exchanges can - through free market forces - replace centralized exchanges, then fungibility becomes baked into the entire system. 
The paradox is that the apparent limits in fungibility implicit in bitcoin could actual move the entire system to one that is actual MORE fungible and impervious to manipulation and influence by power (e.g. governments) as the free market seeks to solve these current limitations. But it all depends on whether the free market does, in fact, move us toward decentralized exchanges . . .
@_date: 2016-05-01 20:49:12
All too often this just ends up with everyone living in poverty and real economic activity grinding to a halt. What you need is an economy where wealth is shared rather than horded, where investment is person-to-person rather than top-down, and where creative economic activity is rewarded and beneficial to all rather than a system that rewards people who do nothing other than put money in the stock market, and a system that uses laws to punishes entrepreneurs and innovators in order to prevent competition that threatens established powers. We need a system that does not punish people for being poor by keeping them without any means toward accumulating wealth, a system where work and wealth accumulation go hand in hand rather than a system where one works just to keep from drowning. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 15:37:58
You may be right, but my impression is that Bernie's consciousness is rooted in favoring decentralization, even if there is the basic contradiction you raise. The basic concern of Bernie is that ordinary people be empowered and that society decentralize the massive concentration of power that is happening at the top. Breaking up the banks is, fundamentally, an act of decentralization. Favoring the many over the few is pro-decentralization, building a grassroots campaign not financed by corporations is pro-decentralization. 
But you are right that top-down, centrally planned governance is antithetical to the kind of decentralization realized by Bitcoin. And this is why I am not so sure that Bernie is as wedded to this idea of "big-government" as you imply, because it contradicts the basic spirit of the man. I would offer the suggestions that the reason Bernie is a democratic socialist has more to do with that that was really the twentieth century's way of attempting to achieve decentralization pre-internet, the idea being that government is representational and therefore beholden to, and capable of, working for ordinary people.  In short, Bernie was simply ahead of his time and thus was forced to adopt an ideology, a lesser of evils, that wasn't truly harmonious with his thinking. Big government isn't and wasn't the desired end, the desired end was more power for ordinary people. It just so happens that in the twentieth century the only way people on the Left could imagine achieving this was, unfortunately, through big representational government. 
Today, however, you have social networks like Twitter, for instance, empowering people directly, without the need for proxy representation via an institution like government. The internet is really what allows us to adopt the idea of direct empowerment and radical decentralization without the need for power institutions to represent us. Not only would Bernie's campaign not have even been possible prior to the internet, but he is only one of two candidates in the entire running who considers Snowden a hero (the other being Rand Paul). If he is really so wedded to the ideology of big government, why is he one of the only candidates deeply against the surveillance state? 
The reason is because Bernie isn't actually wedded to the idea of big government, he is wedded to the idea of empowering ordinary people. Big government was always only a means to an end, a means that more and more people on the Left are realizing doesn't work particularly well and is a double edged sword. These people would surround Bernie if he got elected, young people are Bernie's main demographic. Bernie is an old man, and so he has certain old labels attached to his image, like "socialist", but his administration would be very young and very forward thinking, I believe, and internet representation would be huge in a Sanders administration. I would not be at all surprised if such influences lead to quite a lot of evolution of Bernie's own thinking, and I doubt very much that Bitcoin, which does empower ordinary people, would find a threat in Bernie Sanders. Just the opposite probably. 
@_date: 2015-10-23 02:18:48


@_date: 2015-10-27 05:18:15
The point isn't that in order for Bitcoin to replace gold we will have to literally go mine asteroids. The point is that confidence in gold is dramatically going to wane because soon, if not already, we will be able to imagine -- and that is the key word, 'imagine' -- a day when technology obliterates the scarcity feature of gold. It doesn't matter how we get there, be it asteroids or nanotechnology, or whatever people are talking about these days, the point is that we will be able to imagine some technology coming around that changes the assumption that gold is scarce. Once that happens, gold can no longer function as money. 
Put simply, gold can never be certain against technology, Bitcoin can. That is the point, and that is why confidence in gold will rapidly erode. Whether or not it literally remains scarce doesn't matter so much because it is confidence that gives money value. 
@_date: 2016-05-03 14:43:21
You see how confused you are? That is what Wright is all about, he is a master of deception. We don't even know if this article is written by Wright or is satire. Either way, it brilliantly exemplifies the entire problem, the post-modern conundrum that Wright and the modern media represents. As it says at the bottom of the article, the real world works like a blockchain where reality is determined by consensus. The blockchain has, effectively, mapped the way the real world works onto digital space. 
What makes bitcoin money, however, is the fact that proof of ownership is definite and indisputable, this proof cuts through the fog of relatively with an absolute mathematical truth which possesses tremendous intrinsic value for this property alone. The fact that Wright can't prove definitively  -- not beyond reasonable doubt, definitively - that he is Satoshi proves that he is not Satoshi. The very essence of Bitcoin is proof of ownership. That is what makes the whole system work. If someone can't prove they own Satoshi's coins, then they aren't Satoshi. That is why Bitcoin is special. 
But it is the fact that everyone is so confused that encapsulates the very heart of the modern Bitcoin question for society. Society is profoundly confused about bitcoin, particularly about how money can be made out of the internet when the internet is a world of relativity, conspiracy theories, half truths, and points of view! That money must surely be fraudulent, they reason, that money must surely be monopoly money, because everything on the internet is, to an extent, phony. 
Once you realize that Bitcoin cuts through the chaos of the digital realm with absolute, indisputable, truth, you understand why Bitcoin is MONEY. Money that has intrinsic value because it achieves objectivity in the digital realm. When everyone gets that, there isn't going to be a power on this earth that can stop Bitcoin. 
In my mind, in my opinion, the fact that some people believe Craig is Satoshi demonstrates they don't really understand bitcoin. And that is why, I think, they are inclined to want to pump it, to sell it, because they think Bitcoin is like anything else, a matter of perception, a mirage whose only value is in convincing people it is real. That is why I have been skeptical of people like Gavin and why I am not surprised that Gavin was not skeptical of Wright. 
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:26:15
I'm going to have to agree with you. The majority seem to view Gavin as having succumbed to his gullible personality. The consensus is that Gavin is a really nice guy to a fault. But these impressions are almost entirely based on feelings, not logic. The logic tells us on every level that what Gavin did makes no sense at all unless he was actively trying to lend credibility to the Wright story. It is true that Gavin might have been duped because of his personality, but if you remove his nice personality from the equation, there is no logical explanation for his actions that does not involve some level of complicity with Wright. 
In short, the consistent passes the community gives to Gavin almost entirely boils down to his personality. 
I've never been persuaded by Gavin's nice personality. The fact is the entire civil war essentially comes from Gavin. Behind the sweet words and placating demeanor is a truly divisive figure who is at the very heart of the  split in this community. Just my opinion, of course. 
@_date: 2015-03-02 18:02:56
Centralized exchanges are only an issue as long as people want fiat more than they want crypto, a temporary problem that is just a necessary evil of the adoption phase. Just as slow dial-up modems created all kinds of bottlenecks that prevented the internet from realizing its true potential, the same is true of fiat exchanges. You aren't going to avoid fiat exchanges no matter which cryptocurrency you use until crypto becomes much more mature and widespread than it is today (whether you can profitably mine the currency or not is irrelevant). When people and businesses prefer to hold crypto rather than exchange it back into fiat (presumably because fiat is too much of a pain in the arse), the role of fiat exchanges will naturally diminish. Decentralized exchanges are trivial when fiat is no longer in the mix, and with the emergence of tokens pegged to fiat decentralized exchanges will eventually replace most of the usefulness of fiat exchanges, minus those rare situations where someone needs to actually get physical cash, etc. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 01:38:51


When investments become more expensive, that's generally a good thing for the investor. 
@_date: 2016-05-06 18:30:38
It is an interesting read, definitely worth more up votes than it received. 
Mr. Murphy is attempting to compare Bitcoin and the blockchain to the legacy banking system. Because money in the legacy system is created through lending, obviously bitcoin doesn't fit well into that paradigm. He then makes the mistake that many people make where it is assumed that bitcoin represents a devolution back to the monetary paradigm that predates modern banking, whereas the opposite is the truth: bitcoin represents an evolution up from modern banking, a new paradigm. 
Double entry record keeping is not the paradigm Bitcoin and blockchain needs to replicate, it is the paradigm that is being replaced by this new technology. In short, the blockchain is as great an advance in monetary history as double entry book keeping itself was. 
Double entry is ultimately a system for reducing the risk of accounting errors that are possible since each accounting entity is responsible for their own bookkeeping. Indeed, the modern banking system derives out of the fact that every accounting entity is disconnected from the next and therefore turns trust into the fundamental "commodity," as it were, underlying the financial system. You can know if your own sheet is balanced, you cannot know that of your peers. This is ultimately the root of the concept of creditworthiness. 
Because everyone's accounts remain separate and each accounting entity must to some degree trust the next, the most trustworthy accounting entity's credit become the base money of a society. This entity is usually the government. 
Central banks must keep their own balance sheet to maintain the value of the currency. This value does not derive from the currency being "backed" by anything. Most central bank credit is backed by government debt. Government debt, on the other hand, is only repayable in central bank credit. So ultimately the base currency is not backed by anything. But that is not to say that the purpose of the central bank's balance sheet to promote confidence like some sort of cheap parlor trick. 
The purpose is to control the money supply. Since each credit (money) has to be balanced with a debit (government debt), the amount of currency cannot theoretically exceed the amount of debt created by the government. Likewise with regard to money created by commercial banks which is created through lending. The amount of money created cannot exceed the debt of borrowers. 
Put simply, without the balance sheet money would very quickly become worthless. But this is only in a system where money is bank credit. All money needs in order to be valuable is to be useful (i.e., for payments and liquidity) and to be scarce. The only reason the current system uses bank credit as the form of money is because banks are required to use money in the legacy system, for storing it, receiving it, and spending it. 
This need for banks to store, spend, and receive money all derive from the fact that each financial entity is disconnected and dependent on their own balance sheet with no guarantee that their peer is creditworthy. Therefore we must collectively utilize trusted third parties to facilitate the use of money. Furthermore, since digital transfer of money in a system of independent accounting entities has only been possible through the sending of IOUs, this system would be entirely impossible without trusted middlemen. 
Because banks are required to use legacy money, money creation takes place through bank lending. Naturally this has given rise to many economic theories that wrongly assume bank lending is intrinsic to money creation and economically necessary. The reality is that is only true in a system where there is no global shared ledger and entity's of trust are required middlemen to bridge the chasm between everyone's independent accounts. 
Because banks create money through lending, and lending is how banks make money, if money wasn't destroyed upon loan repayment the supply of money would not remain stable. You can't have banks simply creating more and more money without the old money offsetting this process by being destroyed. But that does not mean that money intrinsically requires this property of coming in and out of existence. That is only required in a monetary system in which lending is the means of creating money. Ultimately, all that is required is that the supply remain stable. 
What a blockchain represents is the possibility that everyone can share the same ledger and that therefore the need to balance ones own books is no longer necessary. Cryptographic proof guarantees that each accounting entity's books add up and are visible for everyone else to see. There is no need for double entry because there is no possibility of accounting errors. 
The value of a currency in a blockchain, like bitcoin, derives from the same place any currency's value derives from: its utility and limited supply. Since the supply of Bitcoin is mathematically guaranteed, the idea that the currency needs to be backed by something that limits that supply disappears. The need for the money to be created via the process of exchange for something else of value still applies to maintain the underlying economics of the system (i.e., if mining was free everyone would do it and the value of the currency would drop), but ultimately currency creation will cease and the miners, who are really facilitating the transactions, much as modern banks do, will simply be paid via fees. Since the money supply will be stable and money creation will cease, there will be no corresponding need to destroy money in order to keep the supply stable and the value intact the way there is in the legacy system. 
This creates the fear of something looking a lot like the gold standard. That view misunderstands how blockchains, and in particular Bitcoin, work. Money creation in a Bitcoin monetary system will not happen through the creation of new bitcoins, nor will it happen through the lending of credit backed by bitcoins. Money creation will happen through the issuance of independent monetary tokens that will be issued on top of the bitcoin blockchain. These tokens will inherent all of the properties and security of bitcoin and anyone will be able to use, store, spend, and receive them as easily as they use bitcoin, but these tokens will be independently controlled and issued by whatever financial entity chooses to create them.
That is to say, a public blockchain like Bitcoin allows anyone to create money. Since this power will no longer be exclusive to banks, and the need for banks to store, receive, and spend digital payments disappears, any business or community can, in theory, create their own independent money systems to finance themselves and lend money. These monies will be easily traded for other tokens, including bitcoin. 
Because of the proliferation of tokens which will have variable use, the value of those tokens will always fluctuate with respect to the rest of the economic ecosystem. If your business grants advantages to users who use your token, then the value of that token will depend on how successful your business is. Investing in the token will be a form of investment in the company. The distinction between equity and money will blur as anyone's equity can trade with as much liquidity as base money. 
All of this is just to give a sense of how blockchain technology is most definitely not just a return to some kind of digital gold standard, and over the coming decades will prove to be a dramatic shift in monetary history. Yes, the supply of Bitcoin is fixed, but we are not talking about a national currency here, we are talking about a new global monetary order. 
@_date: 2015-10-27 04:52:45
This is why we call these guys, "engineers."
@_date: 2016-05-07 03:19:22
I smell [Craig Wright]( 
@_date: 2017-05-31 08:38:42
Cryptocurrencies are a new type of financial asset class. As such, they cannot simply be evaluated by the standards of traditional money. 
Many people point to the idea of bitcoin as "digital gold," but they make the profound mistake of attempting to explain how a digital gold is even possible by exclusively pointing to Bitcoin's fundamental properties (i.e., its scarcity, its security, its immutability, its monetary policy, etc.), all of which are important, but fundamentally capable of being replicated by other networks. Peter Schiff's criticism of the "digital gold" thesis is, to an extent, valid: digital currencies lack inherent intrinsic value -- where "intrinsic value" is being defined by the currency having a utility and value beyond just its use as money -- because any arbitrary number of currencies can be made and because, apart from being used as money, one could argue they serve no function. If a cryptocurrency were to, for some reason, lose confidence, one might argue it could go to zero quite quickly as people could easily move their value into another crypto since there is nothing intrinsic preserving allegiance. His argument is that there is nothing beyond, essentially, hype making one crypto intrinsically necessary over another. And, presumably, this argument would apply especially to proof-of-stake coins, since their security is dependent almost entirely on market cap alone which can easily be transferred from one arbitrary crypto to another.  
However, what this argument fails to recognize is that cryptocurrencies possess what could be called "emergent" intrinsic value. That is to say, as the network grows, and more services, technologies, and other cryptos existence depend upon the base network, the network itself becomes increasingly indispensable. If you have an entire financial system that is built upon, around, and dependent upon a base block chain, that block chain becomes "intrinsically valuable" -- i.e., valuable even beyond its use as money -- to the entire ecosystem that depends upon it.
This is why Ethereum is exploding, because it is recognized that systems, services, technologies, and other cryptos are rapidly being built on top of the Ethereum network, giving the underlying network potentially exponentially increasing intrinsic value over time as these other services gain value in their own right. Bitcoin, having become stagnate due to the block size war, lacks that kind of expanding ecosystem. While it is true that many businesses, exchanges, and the like built their companies as bitcoin services, these companies do not represent the kind of ecosystem we are talking about, where services actually run on top of, or as side chains of, a root block chain. These are companies, such as exchanges, that began as bitcoin services, but quickly expanded into general crypto services, and they can often comfortably exist as long as the crypto space thrives, regardless of the fate of Bitcoin itself.
It isn't as if the Bitcoin community and developers do not understand this, but the hang up over the scaling war is fundamentally limiting Bitcoin's ability to grow a larger ecosystem. Not merely because of scaling issues, but because the kinds of technologies required to make innovation really take off require SegWit. 
The truth is that whether we hard fork in a 2mb increase now or later, or not at all, is a trivial matter to the future of the network compared to the loss of innovation and progress that is occurring in the space because of this hang up. But the reason this is occurring is because far to many people in the space have become obsessed with the foundation to the exclusion of the future, precisely because they are only seeing bitcoin as money and not as the foundation of a larger decentralized financial system. 
But this view that bitcoin is money, *and only money* -- when, in fact, it actually is a new type of financial asset never seen before -- is dependent on a very mistaken idea of money that is slowly being undone by the rise of altcoins. That view is that currencies are singular, and that additional currencies are redundant -- a view that comes out of our common experience with legacy monies. It is a view that has lead to the exaggerated concern with getting bitcoin, as money, exactly right and that doing so would cause the altcoins to eventually fade away. And it is a view that has lead many in the space -- including some very influential Core developers -- to trivialize the need for the kinds real innovation that move the Bitcoin network beyond its base layer as a monetary system, and grow it into a financial system.
So it is no wonder that many bitcoiners scratch their head at the rise of Ethereum, because they haven't quite grasped the profound view of crypto. It took a genius like Vitalik to show us, because the conservatism of Bitcoin was simply too entrenched to allow for that kind of innovation without endless debate. This is the beauty of a free market and competition and precisely why this space will always be better off with a robust plurality of systems, rather than just one.
But now that people are beginning to see the value in what Ethereum does, the direction Bitcoin must take is also growing clear. And that isn't to say that once Bitcoin gets its act together, it will merely be a more cumbersome Ethereum, just the contrary. There are many inherent advantages to the Bitcoin network and the strength of its base layer that will echo through its extended network and that will, over time, prove areas where Bitcoin is intrinsically superior to Ethereum precisely because of the way the base network works. But that extended network needs to start developing sooner than later. 
@_date: 2016-05-06 18:43:33
I don't trust Gavin as far as I can throw him, but for the sake of unity I would be pleased to see his commit access restored. If for no other reason than to try to heal this divide. 
@_date: 2016-05-29 14:19:49
Terrific comments by u/2cool2fish. Especially this:


This shows a very deep understanding of how money works.
@_date: 2015-03-23 02:33:04


I don't think you really understand how QE works. This is from [Money Creation in the Modern Economy]( published in 2014 by the Bank of England:


are assets held by commercial banks that earn interest, these
reserves represent ‘free money’ for banks. While banks do
earn interest on the newly created reserves, QE also creates an
accompanying liability for the bank in the form of the pension
fund’s deposit, which the bank will itself typically have to pay
interest on. In other words, QE leaves banks with both a new
IOU from the central bank but also a new, equally sized IOU
to consumers (in this case, the pension fund)"
In other words, QE is really an asset purchasing program in which central banks buy assets directly from financial institutions like pension funds. Commercial banks only represent middle men who facilitate the transaction. Because the only institutions who have accounts with central banks (into which the central bank can make deposits) are the commercial banks, in order for the central bank to purchase assets directly from non-bank entities -- that is, short of printing an insane amount of cash and carrying the money over to them in trucks -- the central bank must first credit the desired amount into the account of the commercial bank whom services the ultimate recipient of the money. Once the commercial bank receives the money from the central bank they then credit the equivalent amount into the account holder's account whom the central bank was trying to give money to. This has apparently given many people the mistaken impression that central banks have been giving the commercial banks money in order to inspire them to start lending more. That's not how it works. Again, from the Bank of England:


indirectly affect the incentives facing banks to make new
loans, for example by reducing their funding costs, or by
increasing the quantity of credit by boosting activity.
But equally, QE could lead to companies repaying bank credit, if
they were to issue more bonds or equity and use those funds
to repay bank loans. On balance, it is therefore possible for
QE to increase or to reduce the amount of bank lending in the
economy. However these channels were not expected to be
key parts of its transmission: instead, **QE works by
circumventing the banking sector, aiming to increase private
sector spending directly.** 
So it is important to understand that QE is exactly what people say it is, the central banks printing money and handing it to rich people. The reason central banks are doing this is because the ordinary way in which money is created through commercial bank lending is not keeping pace with the rate at which debts are being repaid and thus leading the whole system toward deflation. The normal way central banks stimulate bank lending is to lower interest rates, but interest rates were as low as they could go and central banks really don't have any other tools to get banks to lend (because ultimately the problem isn't with the banks, it is with the borrowers, because everyone is overleveraged). Since they can't get the commercial banks to create money, they just create it themselves. QE is not about a desperate effort to get banks to lend again by giving the banks more money. The banks don't need more money. Businesses and individuals are not taking out enough loans to keep the money supply from contracting, so the central banks just create the money themselves. Our system depends on inflation, without it the whole thing collapses. So QE is nothing short of them saying, "fuck it, if the banks won't create money, let's just fucking create it ourselves." Then they give it to people they know/like. 
There is really no inflation caused by all of the central bank printing. What people forget is that all the money being created by central banks is just trying to keep pace with all the money that is being destroyed through people digging themselves out of debt. QE isn't going to cause massive inflation . . . all QE represents is redistribution from everyone to the financial elite in order to keep this system afloat so they can hoard as much as possible and rape us one last time before the whole thing crumbles. But once the economy seems to be turning around -- and by that all they mean is that people feel prepared to start borrowing again -- QE can be stopped and the banks can once again take over the process of creating money. The Fed won't raise interest rates by much, if at all, short of by a token amount for the purpose of trying to promote confidence, because they need the banks to lend more now that they have stopped QE.  
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:07:37
The foundation of money is trust, and there is very little that is trustworthy about any of this. 
In my view, this whole affair can be reasonably seen as an attack on the creditworthiness of the currency by route of changing the Satoshi myth from one that points us to trust in math, to one that points us to trusting in a human being instead (and one who is incidentally untrustworthy). 
At the root of money is confidence, and what stems from confidence is creditworthiness. The reason that fiat currencies have value is because they are backed by government debt and government is considered the most creditworthy entity in any given society. 
Bitcoin replaces the need for the money to be backed by a creditworthy institution with mathematical proof of ownership and fixed supply that provides proof of creditworthiness. Bitcoin becomes a global accounting system which cannot be forged or tampered with. Every transaction has a debit and credit and the whole system always remains balanced measured by the total monetary supply. This means the system is utterly trustworthy and this is what gives it value. 
In order to attack this value you must attack trust in Bitcoin, and since you cannot do that by hacking the system or by pretending math, you must instead hack the image of the system. One of the primary ways to do so would be to hack the myth which teaches us that Bitcoin does not depend on trust in human beings. This myth is vital to understanding why Bitcoin is valuable despite its image for being untrustworthy in the press.  This is the myth of Satoshi Nakamoto.
The point of the myth of Satoshi Nakamoto is to be symbolic of how the entire system works. That is, your identity is inconsequential to the ability to use the money and trust its validity. In the fiat system your identity is fundamental, in Bitcoin it doesn't matter. This shows that the creditworthiness of digital money no longer lies in individuals or human institutions.
In order to attack this myth and erode confidence in the system the attackers need to at least present the possibility that Satoshi was separated from his/her keys to erode faith in the system as math and introduce an element of trust in humans at the foundation of the system's creditworthiness. 
They need a narrative, for instance, in which Satoshi was actually two people. One Satoshi had the keys, the other did not but trusted the former to hold the keys on both of their behalves. Conveniently, the Satoshi that was holding the keys died leaving the other Satoshi, "Satoshi without his keys."
This kind of myth would at least return the mythology of Bitcoin from being a system whose creditworthiness derives from math -- in which the mythic figure Satoshi was nobody and therefore symbolized the insignificance of the human individual to establish creditworthiness -- to the domain of traditional currencies whose creditworthiness derives from trust in human beings. Satoshi is the figure that represents the system's creditworthiness, his private keys represents the fact that the system's creditworthiness depends on math, his loss of those private keys represents our new need to trust a human being at his word that he is actually the source of creditworthiness. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:14:36


So I could permanently lock my annoying millionaire neighbor out of his money by simply sending him some black listed bitcoin? Ha! We could sprinkle tainted bitcoin all over the network, lock everyone out of their money!
@_date: 2015-03-21 23:31:54


Seems to me Mark Karpeles -- or whoever stole the money from MtGox -- has been extremely patient. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:04:24


Or, some say, use another coin . . . which is precisely why many people don't like it. 
But it is better that these issues with fungibility and black listing be dealt with now, while the user base is largely made up of early adopters who are aware and concerned about the technology and its future, than to wait for these issues to become problems only after the inertia of the masses has swept away the free market's ability to innovate solutions. 
In my opinion there are really only two directions the free market will take us, either an alt coin will slowly rise to replace bitcoin due to having superior fungibility, or decentralized exchanges will slowly rise to replace centralized exchanges. I think the latter scenario would be much cooler. 
@_date: 2016-05-02 22:59:50
Gavin is either:
1) Right.
2) Gullible.
3) Compromised.
Are there any other possibilities? Assuming that it is  and he is compromised, then that would imply that his positions all along have been born out of this compromised stance (unless the compromise suddenly occurred recently, which seems unlikely given he first contact the CIA years ago). The block size debate, everything, needs to be re-framed in this knowledge. Given the shady way Mike Hearn exited to work for the bankers, if it turns out Gavin has been secretly working for the CIA this would really present a deep challenge to the big block camp given that Mike and Gavin essentially gave birth to that movement in the first place. 
But even if the less cynical option,  turns out to be correct, it doesn't mean we can simply excuse this as a one time mistake and move on. This kind of gullibility perhaps derives from a personality and worldview they may not have been sufficiently equipped to defend Bitcoin against potential threats to its long term success. Gavin's personality, in short, may itself be gullible, and while this might have been perfectly what Bitcoin needed in its early days to counteract its criminal reputation (i.e., with a leader who seems so entirely innocent and good), as Bitcoin progressed past its infancy the tendency to see the world through a more innocent lens could prove to be a real liability, just as it is for a child growing up. An innocent worldview could help explain many of his positions, including his dismissal of the threats posed by centralization pressures big blocks would put on the network. He never saw, perhaps, big corporate control or a network easily captured by governments as particularly troublesome. 
Of course, if it turns out he is right, that  is correct, then a lot of my assumptions about Bitcoin and Gavin go out the back door and I would feel personally ashamed of how skeptical I have been of this man who was clearly very important to Bitcoin's success.   
@_date: 2016-05-06 19:01:26
The net accomplishment is that now there are lingering doubts in the mind of the community whether the founder of Bitcoin might not be a shady piece of shit like Craig Wright. For the general public it is worse: either at this point they think Wright is Satoshi, or they heard that he was a conman, only further tarnishing the reputation of Bitcoin. And the reputation of Bitcoin is important, creating uncertainty and doubt around a currency has a direct impact on its value. 
But what bothers me most is that it wasn't Wright that conned us. It *appears* Wright conned several important people in the space, but the community was not conned by Wright himself. The person who sold the con to the rest of us, the person who made us believe in the con, was Gavin Andresen. And I know everyone wants to forgive him and I am completely sympathetic, except for one thing: Gavin is keeping this con alive! 
It would be one thing if he said, "OK, I was wrong, here's how I think I was fooled." But he isn't doing that. Instead he is saying, "Guys, I'm still not sure I was fooled and I want to wait six months just to make sure." That's six months in which the community and public will be in a state of fear, uncertainty, and doubt. 
This is about creating doubt, and the main person doing that is Gavin Andresen, not Craig Wright who no one would ever have believed if not for Gavin in the first place and who has already discredited himself. It was Gavin's insistence that Wright was Satoshi that gave birth to this, and Gavin's refusal to admit he was wrong that will keep it alive. It is all about Gavin. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 14:55:04
When middle income and poor people have more money they tend to buy more things, and the more things they buy, the more those things' prices go up. Basic supply and demand. This is the simple way of describing what you just described. 
But the same is true for rich people, when rich people have more money they tend to buy more things, and that drives the prices of the things they tend to buy up for the exact same reasons you just described with regard to poor and middle income people. 
The only difference is poor and middle income people tend to spend their money on food, clothing, and bills -- the things the inflation indices measure -- while rich people tend to buy stocks, bonds, real estates, luxury items, etc. 
It has nothing to do with money sitting idly when in the hands of rich people and being spent when in the hands of poor people. Not sure who came up with that somewhat confusing narrative. It has to do with what rich people spend their money on versus what poor and middle class people spend their money on. 
If the Fed had genuinely wanted to create what people like yourself call "inflation" it would have given the money to middle class people. They didn't want that kind of inflation, they wanted to prop up the stock market. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 15:57:16
Not at all.
Assuming the legacy chain intends to survive, it will have no choice but to add a checkpoint in order to prevent just this scenario. But once a checkpoint is added, the split between the two chains becomes permanent. In other words, precisely because of the possibility of a reorg, the chain split will become permanent. The only way to really prevent this is if the UASF has overwhelming support from the economic majority, i.e., the exchanges. 
Put simply, a UASF is really a call for the suits to assume control over the fate of Bitcoin. The irony is profound.
If the two chains are permanently split, the chain with majority hashing power will be secure, while the minority chain will be threatened by its inferior hashing power and will be subject to 51% attacks. Presumably, the SegWit chain will be the minority one. Given enough time, and enough attacks from Jihan and company, the minority chain may decide it has no choice but to change its PoW algorithm. These problems could greatly diminish the economic value of the chain. Meanwhile, the legacy chain's economic value will suffer from greatly diminished trust due to it essentially being controlled by Jihan Wu who has about as low of a reputation in this space as humanly possible. 
With Ethereum on the rise and Bitcoin split into two chains -- neither of which are trustworthy or capable of preserving the reputation of Bitcoin -- the complete chaos and uncertainty about the future of both chains will cause large numbers of investors to jump ship entirely, everyone now firmly convinced that decentralized leadership doesn't work and that Ethereum represents the future of crypto. With the value of both chains plummeting and Bitcoin's reputation undone . . . we are looking at the very real possibility of an end to Bitcoin. Furthermore, the damage this will do to the reputation of the entire space will set everything back for years.
The only way a UASF works is if the exchanges -- i.e., the economic powers -- all support it, thereby choking the life out of the legacy chain and forcing miners to support the SegWit chain. Short of that, UASF will be a disaster. 
UASF is going to happen, there is no stopping that now. But if everyone doesn't get on board, it could be the end of Bitcoin as we know it. This isn't ETH/ETC. Bitcoin's selling point is not in its cutting edge technology the way Ethereum's is. Bitcoin's selling point is in its reliability, its security, its stability, its trustworthiness, its reputation, and its growing use as a unit of account in crypto trading. All of that will be undone by a chain split. For Ethereum, its selling point wasn't ultimately harmed by a chain split, because immutability wasn't really primarily what made people excited about ether. But for Bitcoin, it is another matter entirely.
This is why I believe the Barry Silbert agreement is probably the best path forward. If there wasn't this ticking time bomb I wouldn't feel this way, but as of now it is clear Core isn't going to provide the leadership we need in two months time, and the opposition is too entrenched to allow a complete victory for SegWit without a fight. This is a game of chicken, where both drivers are fanatics. If we leave this in the hands of children, Bitcoin is done. 
2017 marks the end of a phase for the crypto space, and the beginning of another. We all know what the coming phase looks like, it is when the suits overwhelm the space. We see it happening in Ethereum right now, we saw it at Consensus, we see it with the ICOs. It is about to happen in Bitcoin too, and the irony is that it is going to happen precisely because the zealots are forcing it to.    
@_date: 2015-03-20 06:19:31
America wouldn't even exist if our founding fathers had had this kind of pathetic subservient attitude toward the British government. It is embarrassing what we have become. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 01:16:48
And because it will use a proof-of-stake system, that ownership of the majority of tokens = private ownership of the blockchain itself. 
@_date: 2016-05-28 07:31:53
Bitcoin is post-modern money. Gold is pre-modern money. They are often compared, and sometimes borderline equated, by virtue of the fact that neither are modern money. But because one represents money of the future, and one money of the past, the differences between them are actually quite vast -- indeed, larger than their respective differences with fiat -- which is overlooked because of the superficial similarities which derive from the fact that both represent base currencies beyond the control of a centralized issuing authority (government/central banks). 
Gold bugs come in two varieties (with large overlap). There are those who hate fiat money because it gives unnatural power to the State/central bank. And there are those who dislike fiat money because it lacks intrinsic value (i.e., is printed "out of nothing"). The former embrace Bitcoin for obvious reasons. The latter do not because they feel Bitcoin lacks intrinsic value and is really not all that much different than fiat in this respect. In all realism, most gold bugs probably hold both views simultaneously, but each individual prioritizes those two concerns differently.  
As Bitcoin continues to survive the perception that it possesses intrinsic value grows. This is because there is an increasing awareness that what underlies the currency is the blockchain -- this wasn't understood by most people before -- and that the blockchain has a certain intrinsic value. Of course, this is the kind of emergent intrinsic value common to the technologies of the digital age, but the point is that the currency is not *purely* valued from speculation, the underlying public blockchain possesses intrinsic utility that gives it value. As people begin to realize this their resistance to Bitcoin -- a resistance born out of the belief that the currency lacks intrinsic value or isn't backed by anything -- loosens. 
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:16:09


How do you know any of this?
@_date: 2015-10-07 03:55:58


The floor is the current value of the commodity. I am not talking about the floor of the value of the commodity itself, of course that could go to zero in a hundred years, I am talking about the floor of the value of a money made out of a commodity. If a coin, representing money, is made out of gold, for instance, then if the value of that coins goes below the value of the gold that makes up the coin, people will just take the coin and melt it down for the gold, so the value of the coin can never go below the value people are willing to pay for the metal that makes up the coin itself. That was my point, you are over blowing the idea of "intrinsic value." Intrinsic value was never meant to mean that some things have inherent value for all time, it is a concept meant to focus on the idea that money inflation can be limited because the money is essentially backed by the very material it is made out of. If the price of the money gets too low, then people will just start using it for the metal rather than as money, so the price can never go lower than the value of the metal out of which it is made. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 23:15:50


Is the money tainted because a criminal is trying to use it, or is the person a criminal because he is trying to use tainted money?
@_date: 2016-05-08 15:48:01


A token that is issued on the blockchain using a protocol like Counterparty where the debt is paid to the same bitcoin address of the token is a true bearer security. No court can confiscate it from you and no third party is required to facilitate the payment of debt. The payment is made to an address, not a person, so the bond retains value regardless of who is holding it. When ownership is transferred, debt payments automatically transfer to the new address associated with the token. 
What can happen, however, is the issuer of the debt can default for a variety of reasons -- perhaps a court could order him to desist payment, I don't know -- and the security can become worthless. This is no different than bitcoin going to zero. No one can confiscate bitcoin from you (short of torture), but it still can be "lost" due to its value going to zero. Exactly the same for bonds issued over the blockchain. 
@_date: 2015-10-23 02:23:18
I never really trusted Gavin Andresen, despite the community's enduring fondness for him. Things like this remind me why. 
@_date: 2017-07-10 06:15:02


But if they don't want to give up the brand, then they don't really want their own coin, they want Bitcoin. So a more accurate way of saying it is that they want control over development. 
Of those who comprise the NYA, the extremists want Core entirely replaced, the moderates simply want a resolution to the scaling debate and likely have no particular animus toward Core per se. That is to say, for the moderates in the NYA, want they want is compromise, and to the extent that Core refuses to offer that they find themselves forced into an anti-Core position. But it is very likely that this more centrist group would actually prefer Core at the helm, they just aren't willing to tolerate this interminable civil war any longer. 
So Core's anti-compromise position is really what is making them vulnerable right now because they are rapidly losing the support of moderates. The big block extremists are using Core's unwillingness to compromise against them. And Core is going to lose, because Core doesn't know how to play politics and because UASF supporters not only severely overestimated their chances, but made things 100x worse for Core because it pushed moderates into the hands of the big block extremists. Ultimately, if Core loses control, it will be because of the hasty UASF movement combined with Core's political incompetence and lack of leadership. If people had really wanted a UASF that would work, they needed to first garner the political support from the economic majority. They didn't do that, instead they scared the economic majority into siding with the miners.  
@_date: 2016-05-08 13:38:45
This is, of course, another way of indicating that bitcoin represents base money or ultimate settlement. Being a "true bearer instrument" is what makes it special, and as trust in the monetary system known as Bitcoin increases, the power of absolute ownership which overrides the fickle laws of nation states will be instrumental in people becoming acclimated to the idea of global currency. When a man from Lisbon can pay a man in Japan without going through a currency exchange, as easily as sending an email, and that settlement is indisputable and final, something profound has happened. 
I believe much of what is currently reserved for meatspace and the courts will be, in time, handled by the blockchain. Obviously this is quite a ways off, but with smart contracts, smart property, and identity systems connected to the blockchain, eventually the infrastructure will be there to represent a wide variety of collateral. Of course, if ownership is recorded in the blockchain, then it will probably involve a multisig setup where the ownership is shared with the State who will be able to override and confiscate at will.
And, of course, an IOU or debt instrument is a mere suggestion, that is why credit involves risk. Mitigating these risks and determining people's credit ratings will demand some very robust and creative solutions and entrepreneurial opportunities.  
@_date: 2016-05-07 03:11:59
I always love videos like this. But this guy is really small potatoes, buttcoiner-lite. Can we get the true trolls back? What happened to Rawdogs videos? His Youtube channel seems to have disappeared. Anyone know? God that guy could hate on bitcoin like no one else. I doubt anyone will ever equal Rawdog. 
@_date: 2017-07-10 07:42:08
That's a matter of debate, as I am sure you are aware. 
@_date: 2015-11-02 16:33:38
I agree completely. I strongly disagree with the direction this subreddit has taken and I think we as a community need to think very seriously about finding a new home. The mods are demonstrating the kind of dictatorial use of power the Bitcoin community fundamentally opposes. If not for the fact that I tended to oppose Bitcoin-XT myself, I would have voiced a stronger opinion. But what is going on is shameful. 
@_date: 2016-05-03 06:42:51
Great post, you nailed it. 
Assuming Wright isn't Satoshi, at the very minimum it shows profoundly bad judgment on Gavin's part. But perhaps it is more nuanced than that. Perhaps it demonstrates a personality that is gullible, that lives in "care-bear land" to use your phrase, and this is precisely what most of us "small blockers" feared about him and his dismissal of the implications of centralization pressure from big blocks. He wasn't concerned because his temperament was to be naive. 
So either Wright is Satoshi or Gavin is gullible. Of course, there is a third possibility which is that Gavin is compromised. Honestly, as conspiratorial as it is, I instinctively tend to lean in that direction. But the fact that others, including Andreas Antonopoulus, were invited to partake suggests the gullible theory is more plausible.
@_date: 2016-05-02 15:12:17
Of course, what they are really saying is that they are going to turn the Fed into a private blockchain. Now if this blockchain is only accessible by the commercial banks then it will help make the existing system more efficient and speedy, but won't fundamentally changing how the existing system works. It will be just a glorified database. 
However, if they are genuinely going to use the dollar as digital cash then the public will have access to it and people will no longer need to use banks. 
Once the public no longer needs to use banks, the banks will have to give the public the incentive to lend them their digital cash, which means the return to higher interest rates and fractional reserve banking. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:15:29
Centralization = power. Power inevitably leads to abuse. 
@_date: 2017-07-08 18:51:36
It appears centralization *has already occurred* with respect to mining and nodes. Because of this, it seems that fighting tooth and nail to preserve what has already been lost is like trying to patch a hull breach in a sunken ship. Perhaps we would be better focused on how to make decentralization itself scale once Bitcoin assumes industrial levels, rather than trying to keep it decentralized by focusing on small miners and small nodes. How do we increase competition and encourage industry beyond China? How do we guarantee that the network is being secured by facilities spread throughout the world rather than excessively localized? 
That mining centralization has occurred is already plain for everyone to see, and it should be apparent that the current paradigm has been ineffective at preventing this. Average users are no longer running miners, and unless they are willing to take financial losses for political or hobbyist reasons, they are unlikely to do so in the future. So prioritizing the competitiveness of small miners continues to makes less sense over time as small miners continue to disappear, particularly if this prioritization comes at the expense of the utility of the network. The small amount of hash power backing the UASF is evidence, perhaps, that this is a lost cause.    
That node centralization has also occurred is less clear to people, and in many regards the UASF movement is a reflection of that lack of clarity. But all nodes are not created equal and economically significant ones have much greater influence over the system than the average Joe's does. *This is just another way of saying that node centralization has already occurred.* Since average user nodes don't actually mean much to the overall governance of the system, it is harder to justify the extreme need to make nodes easy to run. 
A UASF is really a node activated soft fork. Calling it a *"user"* activated soft fork is misleading, and while it sounds good politically, as if it were a movement by and for the average Joe, the sad irony is that the majority of powerful nodes -- i.e., the majority of what is connoted by the term "users" -- are *actually going against Core* in this situation. 
The real power users have in the governance of the system is financial. That is to say, real, actual *users* are represented by the market. This is why Vinny Lingham argued that the best thing to do to get SegWit passed would be for users to sell their bitcoin. Instead, the market went up. 
So you have the majority of miners wanting more capacity, you have the majority of (economically significant) nodes wanting more capacity, and you have the market going up following the introduction of SegWit2x.
And yet, despite all this, you have some Core developers actively promoting BIP148. This tells me that either I have missed something fundamental, or they are out of touch with the reality of the situation. And as hard as it is for me to believe the latter, I keep being reminded of the fact that Core actually believed SegWit activation was possible with a 95% threshold, so there is relatively recent precedence for Core being completely out of touch with the reality on the ground. 
If Bitcoin was always intended to lead to massive scaling and large pockets of centralization, if this were actually in its very design, then to a certain extent trying to fight that is like trying to swim upstream. And everything we are seeing is suggesting that Bitcoin was always going to come to this point, was always going to lead to mining centralization and to node centralization, and the fact that the system -- precisely due to the fact that node and mining centralization has already occurred -- is now threatening to toss the Core developers aside lest they relent and allow it to be what it apparently wants to be, lends credibility to the idea that perhaps our energy would be better spent fighting to understand how we can best direct the system toward decentralization at industrial scale. 
And lest we protest that this kind of centralization was never the intent of the system, and that what has unfolded was the fluke of ASIC manufacturing or some other unforeseen flaw, the fact is that Satoshi himself anticipated that this kind of centralization would occur:


And, remember, when Satoshi wrote this, nodes and miners were one and the same thing. He was saying that the intended design was to have large mining farms and a block chain too large for ordinary users. The point isn't that Satoshi foresaw everything, the point is that he understood economics of scale would inevitably affect Bitcoin and he was not only OK with that, but stated it was part of the design. He even gave us his estimated time frame for when we should begin to see this happen, "I think in 5 or 10 years," which is exactly where we are now.
Put differently, Bitcoin was designed to allow a minority powerful players in the space to wield disproportionate control over it -- whether that be the miners or the economically powerful nodes. And it was also inevitable that these players would want more capacity since it either helps to solidify their advantage over smaller competition or increases Bitcoin's utility making the network more valuable to their respective business models. So it shouldn't be any surprise that that is exactly how things are playing out. The fact that we are trying to resist what has already occurred seems a bit like trying to decorate your home after it has been obliterated by a tornado. 
The question is whether decentralization can itself scale. Will bringing Bitcoin to industrial levels promote more competition and bring in more players? Will countries other than China become more heavily invested? Will the competition between nation states help secure the network from government seizure? These are the questions we must begin asking. 
@_date: 2017-07-08 15:51:56
The primary reason the dollar is the "de facto currency," as you put it, is because the US is the world's strongest economy. If we were to draw an analogy to crypto space, we might say the USD has the highest "market cap" compared to other fiat currencies (though "market cap" isn't appropriately applied to fiat currencies) similar to Bitcoin in relation to other cryptocurrencies. If all it took to become the world's reserve currency was an efficient central bank, any country's currency could potentially be used as the world's reserve, yet that isn't the case.
Having a central authority which can manipulate the money supply is only really necessary in monetary systems where the currency is created through lending. By setting a base interest rate, these authorities can influence the willingness of banks to lend and borrowers to take loans, thereby controlling the rate at which new currency is created and the likeliness that old currency will be destroyed. Without this power, commercial banks would have no reason not to lend the currency right into hyperinflation. 
Central banks -- assuming they are well managed -- have no direct influence over the demand for a currency, however. That comes almost entirely from the economic conditions of that currency's respective country.  Central banks merely control the supply which can help guarantee the unit of a currency doesn't lose or gain excessive value. 
But in the case of cryptocurrencies, the supply of the currency is fixed by the protocol. Therefore, the only real factor that can depreciate these currencies' value is decreased demand as opposed to excessive money creation. Since lending the base currency into existence isn't possible in these systems, there is no need to temper excessive lending through controlling interest rates.  


Bitcoin may not replace the US dollar, but it isn't because it can't control supply. The fundamental reason central banks control the supply of currency is to make *credit creation possible* in a system where everyone is relying on a single currency. Without credit creation, money fails to live up to its full potential of providing the economy with liquidity. Many people point to the fact that cryptocurrencies have inflexible money supplies and that they therefore cannot be used for credit creation. Since a monetary system that cannot create credit will always lose to one that can, they reason crypto may have its uses, but they are limited next to fiat. 
However, I have been arguing for years that  -- contrary to the expectations of many in the crypto space who would like to see credit creation disappear entirely -- credit creation from blockchain systems is going to dwarf anything seen by traditional fiat. I believe the recent ICO craze on Ethereum is helping to vindicate my views on this, like it or not, and though many in the space are hoping that Ethereum will burn and die and take credit creation along with it, I suspect that is just wishful thinking.
The varieties of credit creation that are made possible on blockchains -- particularly the power to issue ones own credit -- will make traditional fiat look like a bad joke. But even then, traditional lending is also possible on these systems. Traditional lending -- which I don't suspect will make up the majority of credit creation -- will work similar to bank lending in the 18th century, but rather than banknotes backed by silver you will have bank tokens backed by bitcoin or some other base cryptocurrency. But, again, I believe this will represent the minority of credit creation in the 21st century. 
A lot is going to have to be figured out, an entirely new financial paradigm will come with countless challenges. But ultimately what this means for fiat currency calls into doubt its continued existence in its present form. When banking was born, governments had to adjust. Ultimately, I suppose one could argue that modern banking indirectly led to the collapse of the monarchy and it is perfectly possible we could see the analog of that with respect to crypto in the distant future. 
@_date: 2016-05-17 10:28:07


The small blocker position was that big blockers were essentially trying to remove bitcoin's ability to function as cash by pushing a solution that would increase centralization of the base layer. Decentralization is what keeps bitcoin from relying on a trusted third party and that is essential to what makes it cash rather than credit. From the small blocker perpective, big blockers wanted to see the Bitcoin block chain operate as a payment network at the expense of its functionality as cash (i.e., settlement). So saying small blockers were opposed to bitcoin as cash is pretty much the opposite way of how small blockers themselves viewed things. They would actually argue that big blockers were more opposed to bitcoin as cash than they were. 
Saying that small blockers wanted Bitcoin to be *only* a settlement network is like saying big blockers *only* wanted Bitcoin to be a payment network (with huge centralized data centers). Obviously neither is true, but the essential debate was over which "side" of bitcoin's dual-sided nature was to be prioritized, its nature as a payment network, or its nature as a settlement network (i.e., cash). 
The whole point of the block size debate, of the civil war, lies in the fact that the community had to decide which to prioritize, bitcoin could not scale without doing so. Either the scaling remained on the block chain, leading to centralization pressure of the base layer, or it move to layered solutions like the thunder network, which while making bitcoin extremely inexpensive for the average Joe, would simultaneously make transacting on the base layer more expensive.
Big blockers felt that if the base layer became too expensive, the average Joe would be excluded from peer-to-peer money, forced to rely on layered solutions, like the Thunder network, which, they argued, are more susceptible to becoming centralized. Small blockers, on the other hand, argued that centralization of the layered solutions is not ideal if it can be avoided, but still preferable to centralization of the base layer which would negate the decentralization of the entire system. Since the average Joe just wants to buy his coffee quickly without paying high fees, layered solutions are actually better for him anyway, and as long as anyone who needs to access base layer payments can do so, and are willing to pay the higher fees, all is well.
One of the arguments big blockers frequently made was that Bitcoin could remain both a settlement layer and a payment network perfectly as it always has been by just raising the block size. But that isn't an argument, it is simply willfully ignoring the concerns of small blockers with regard to centralization pressures. But because many of these big blockers chose to ignore or dismiss these concerns, they had no other choice but to resort to conspiracy theories regarding why anyone would be a small blocker. After all, they reasoned, if their side was offering everything without any drawbacks, why would anyone be for the other side?
This is why r/btc became conspiracy theory land, because many on their side were convinced that their side offered everything without drawbacks and therefore no one would ever oppose Gavin and Hearn and the other big blockers unless they had some secret agenda. 
The censorship that occurred in r/bitcoin wasn't over the debate, it was over this view that it wasn't a debate but rather a conspiracy. That kind of borderline hate needed to be moved to its own sub, and that is precisely what Theymos's censorship achieved. It also helped to clarify the debate for many people, as now they could go and judge the two separate communities and their orientations separately. 
@_date: 2017-07-10 07:35:22
It's no different with bitcoin. The Bitcoin network is a central bank and bitcoin, the currency, is fiat. 
@_date: 2017-07-08 20:47:14
Fair enough. 
When central banks raise interest rates, essentially what is happening is that the banking system is paying people more not to use their currency. You are correct to say that this increases demand for the currency, but only *indirectly*. 
The value of a national currency comes from the underlying value of its respective economy. If the economy is robust, since the national currency is required to do anything in that economy, the currency acquires value. It is this value that creates demand. 
When central banks increase interest rates and thereby increase the amount people get paid not to use their currency, the only reason this increases demand is because people are getting paid additional currency in the form of interest not to use their currency. But the only reason that interest is valuable in the first place is because the currency has value from the economy. If the currency were worthless -- if it were, say, monopoly money -- paying additional currency in the form of interest would likewise be worthless (0 + 0 = 0). 
So it is the value of the economy that directly creates demand for a currency. Raising interest rates just indirectly creates demand and is actually done for the explicit purpose of getting people to use money less, not more.  
@_date: 2015-02-06 17:05:05
Fair enough. No one is willing to trade dog shit, yet it has value to flies and perhaps as fertilizer . . .
Look, the fact is Bitcoin does have intrinsic value by your own definition. If no one traded it it would still have value, certainly much more than as a simple paper weight. Bitcoin is a decentralized identity network which makes possible direct ownership of message content which are not controlled by any central party. It is, in short, the first state of objectivity within virtual space, and in order to communicate over this network you must use bitcoins. So at a very fundamental level Bitcoin has intrinsic value, again by your stated definition, particularly within the context of virtual space. And yes, you could use other networks to achieve the same stuff, you could also use other substances as paper weights. 
I get the impression that people who say Bitcoin has no intrinsic value are mostly biased toward meat space. "Intrinsic value" for them is just a fancy way of saying "it is physical" and they don't really understand the nuances of the online domain. But within virtual space, Bitcoin is like a shining jewel. Objective ownership in cyberspace, no one ever thought that was even possible, Bitcoin is like a miracle, and it was so even before anyone started trading it. In fact, that is why people started trading it! They saw what you would call "intrinsic value" before there was any traded value associated with it. There is a reason the people who first started trading Bitcoin were generally extremely intelligent computer geeks, because they could understand this intrinsic value early on. They were like human beings seeing the potential in gold before jewelry even existed. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 19:47:34
Exactly. This is such a huge point that can't be emphasized enough. Deflation is inherently dangerous to debt based money because it increases the real value of debt making it more difficult to repay loans. Since the majority of money in the fiat system is bank credit that is created through bank lending, the whole system depends on constant inflation. 
In a system where money isn't created through lending, however, deflation merely indicates that the economy is shifting its emphasis toward saving rather than spending and is prioritizing those sectors that focus on long term investment and away from those sectors that focus on immediate consumption. Because our current fiat money can't survive within a deflationary environment, the economy never really focuses on the long term and instead becomes addicted to the short term and consumption, and while that may be good in doses, it can't create a sustainable and healthy economy in the long run. Eventually always thinking in terms of short term profits causes the economy to burn out and the only thing that keeps it going is artificial bubbles created by central bank monetary policies. It is a bit like desperately throwing paper on a campfire to keep it going after the wood has already burnt away. Inflation and deflation are natural cycles that balance each other, but because our current form of money doesn't allow for one half of the balance, the system eventually becomes imbalanced and that is what we are seeing now. 
Deflation isn't inherently bad anymore than being sober is inherently bad. Being sober is bad if you are a drug addict, because it means you will have to go through devastating withdrawal. Deflation is bad for fiat money because it means the whole system will have to go through withdrawal.  
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:30:29
I think that is a bit of a chicken or egg problem. It is true that banking requires law, but it is equally true that laws are written by the powerful, and there is no one more powerful than bankers. If bankers had not existed, there would be no need to write laws that make bankers more powerful; and it is also true that if laws did not exist, banking as we currently know it would not be possible. Chicken or egg. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:53:47


Bitcoin is potentially the foundation for a new kind of economy. Just pointing out that all of the existing economies don't work like bitcoin doesn't really help us. 


You know, what we see in the bitcoin space today is not traditional centralized lending, we see crowd funding and decentralized lending, using platforms like Lighthouse. These types of alternatives to traditional bank lending + interest are going to continue to expand and evolve as the crypto-space continues to grow, imho. No one knows where this stuff is ultimately going, but I am very skeptical of the view that just assumes digital currency is going to be plopped into the legacy system while everything else remains entirely untouched. The kinds of things we could potentially do in the area of lending were not possible before the digital age. 


Just a thought: why will people want to buy cars when all cars become driverless and trivial to rent? You simply send you bitcoin payment, the car then drives to your house and parks outside, unlocks and starts using the bitcoin address that payed for it. Sharing, recycling resources, this is the future I see.


The idea is that the money itself is created through lending (and therefore is destroyed when loans are repaid), not that lending itself is inherently bad. Since in the traditional system money is almost always lent with interest, it means that most of the money in circulation has a corresponding amount of debt plus interest that is owed. If all those debts were repaid and no new money was being lent, there would be no money. That is precisely the problem that occurs during a recession, when the banks aren't lending and everyone else is deleveraging, the money supply contracts. That is why governments and central banks are forced to take over the money creation process during a down economy. Deflation becomes such an economy's worst nightmare, not because of falling prices, but because no one would be able to repay their loans due to the increasing real value of debt caused by deflation. Since the entire system is built on top of, and is dependent on, debt, if people didn't repay their loans the whole house of cards would collapse. That is the real reason everyone is terrified of deflation, and this terror is hugely dependent on the modern banking system.
@_date: 2016-05-08 02:43:20
I am absolutely convinced that tokens are the key to Bitcoin's long term success, and indeed may be to Bitcoin what the World Wide Web was to the internet. 
You see, bitcoin is amazing base money, but the Bitcoin monetary system does not yet have a way of achieving what is probably the most important function of money, namely, the creation of liquidity upon demand (i.e., credit creation). This is probably the main reason most economists don't take bitcoin seriously yet. 
One of the most basic functions of money is to provide liquidity. In fact, I believe this is the essential definition and purpose of money. In the legacy system banks do this through lending. What lending is, really, is the ability for society to represent illiquid wealth, like a home, into liquid form. By placing existing wealth as collateral and receiving a loan in return, one can engage in economic activity without having to exchange their illiquid wealth for money first. This provides a situation in which wealth in society is constantly made available for economic activity rather than sitting idle. 
The promise of cryptocurrency is to provide even more liquidity, radically so, so that all varieties of wealth beyond the purview of the legacy system will be able to engage the economy more directly. Wealth isn't just real estate and art, wealth is intrinsic to all of us as creative human beings. Imagine all of our potential being capable of economic inclusion. The peer-to-peer revolution will really be a renaissance. 
But right now Bitcoin doesn't provide that, as it only reflects base currency which, while still essential for sound money, is only created through mining and is of limited supply. It is meant to be that way, but a monetary system needs both the ability to create new debts as well as settle them. Credit -- which is the basis for there always being enough liquidity to meet demand -- requires the continual creation of money upon demand. 
In comes tokens which will make possible a new kind of credit creation, or perhaps even the direct peer-to-peer exchange of debt, something we have never seen before. In the legacy system, the reason you need banks is because banks exchange credit for people's debts. But the actual value is in the debts. When a bank gives a loan for a home which then functions as collateral for that loan, the actual value comes not from the numbers that were typed into the bank's computer, but from the home that backs the debt. Imagine if there was a way for people to exchange debt peer-to-peer without the need for the bank to function as the middleman? 
You could have individuals create tokens that represent their own debt, where repayment of the debt goes directly to the underlying bitcoin address upon which the token rests. Anyone could purchase and hold that debt and receive direct payments without any middlemen involved. Or imagine businesses issuing their own credit, giving users of that credit deep discounts for using this credit. Such credit would, in effect, become an investment in the business itself, and its value would rise and fall according to the success of the business. Such credit would act as a form of money, and could easily be exchanged for goods and services outside of the business that issued the credit in the first place. The sky is the limit. 
Tokens will be huge. I suspect we are a few years off yet, but they are the key to this monetary system and do spell doom for the legacy system which is currently laughing at bitcoin because they only see the base currency that bitcoin currently represents and wonder how that could ever go anywhere. Now they are becoming aware of the power of the blockchain, tokens will help make them aware of the power of a public blockchain. 
@_date: 2015-10-28 15:33:17
We are seeing this rapid rise in demand for what Bitcoin offers, even though Bitcoin herself doesn't currently seem fully flexible and capable of offering what she offers. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 01:19:10


Security with cryptocurrencies is proportional to the market cap, this thing you describe as the flaw is actually the feature. With PoW coins market cap determines the amount of hashing power being used to secure the network, making it very difficult for an attacker to independently generate a majority of the hashing power; with PoS coins it prevents an attacker from quickly buying up 51% of the currency.  An alt coin with a tiny market cap might be able to perform the same global remittances as Bitcoin for a few seconds until someone wipes it out of existence with a couple of keystrokes. For a cryptocurrency to function in this capacity securely you need a massive market cap. Either you have one network providing this functionality, or perhaps a few, but you can't have countless networks with massive market caps . . . 
@_date: 2015-02-10 00:59:54
Once upon a time, bankers devised a solution to the problem of moving large amounts of gold around the world. They created a master bank, a central bank, with a huge underground complex of vaults. All the other banks opened accounts at this one Master Bank and deposited their gold in individual vaults. Whenever one bank needed to transfer gold to another bank it was now just a trivial matter of moving the gold from one vault across the hall to another vault. The system worked flawlessly. 
Years later all the bankers decided to take their families on a grand vacation and visit the Master Bank itself. The children were very excited about the prospect of seeing so much gold, but the administrator of the Master Bank hemmed and hawed and insisted there wasn't much to see. "Nonsense!" the bankers replied and demanded to visit the vaults. Forced to relent, the administrator confessed that the Master Bank had been hit by a massive earth quake years ago that had swallowed up all the gold . . . yet there was no reason for concern, the accounting was working perfectly!
And thus central banking was born . . . 
@_date: 2019-05-11 17:12:58
I think what he means is that "reorg for good cause" may very well be an eventual, and indeed, inevitable attack attempted against the network one day, one that must be prepared for. If attacks are theoretically possible, they are usually tried, and if the BCH fork and segwit2x taught us anything it is that miners and economic powers are always vulnerable to overplaying their hands in the effort to acquire more power. Just yelling at attackers to make their own coin and leave us alone won't prevent that.
@_date: 2015-02-01 15:51:14


Economics isn't a hard science, there are no controlled experiments. No one really knows, for example, whether Obama's fiscal stimulus really ultimately helped or hurt the US economy. Each political side tells the story it wants to tell and has plenty of rational reasons to back up those stories. But what neither side has is the ability to go back in time, undo the stimulus, and see the results . . . 
Economics worldviews are really about politics, power, and theory, and the worldview that you are expressing is no different. You believe that giving bankers complete power over the financial system and the ability to create money equals the financial innovation that led to the economic expansion of the twentieth century. But this is really just a story you are telling to back up your political ideology. 
But what is clear is that that political ideology believes power should be given to banks and government -- ultimate power, the power to create money. My story, my narrative on the other hand, is "look, if you give banks and government that ultimate power, eventually banks and government will run and control everything. And that is precisely what we are seeing."  
@_date: 2015-10-31 07:57:21
"A shared ledger" is another name for a bank. 
What people need to understand is that what is going on here is not mere rebranding. For the financial world, money and banking are synonymous. While the Bitcoin community has been insisting that bitcoin is money from the start, the larger banking community scoffed because the idea of a money divorced from a banking system was, to them, absurd.
Money is really just record keeping and bankers have understood this for hundreds of years. Ultimately, money is all just a matter of numbers in a ledger. The initial skepticism about bitcoin was rooted in the mistaken belief that bitcoins were somehow more akin to digital "things" that were acquiring speculative value, a kind of "digital gold" as it were (only lacking the "intrinsic value" of actual gold). They weren't enticed by the notion of bitcoin as money because they felt it was modeled after the wrong understanding of what money is.
In other words, they didn't understand that Bitcoin is ultimately just a global, decentralized, secure ledger. Put simply, Bitcoin is a bank, or perhaps more precisely a central bank -- a bank not controlled by anyone, but a bank nevertheless -- and "bitcoins" are  the units of record keeping utilized by this global decentralized bank in precisely the same way dollars are used as the units of record keeping by the US banking system. So contrary to being the speculative fancy of naive speculators who got their definition of money out of a text book and still think money should be made out of gold, Bitcoin actually is money according to bankers' own definition of money.
At the end of the day, a bank's real function is to secure your money. Put differently, it is to secure and record the ledger being used by the public to track who owns what. Blockchains do the exact same thing, only better and without the need to trust an institution. Simply put, blockchains will make traditional banks obsolete in their primary function, and since all of their secondary functions, such as lending, derive from the power they get via their primary function of holding everyone's money, blockchains/sidechains will replace traditional banking altogether. 
@_date: 2019-05-29 16:44:23
Exactly. The post-2008 QE program (and secondarily the low interest rates) transferred societal wealth to the rich because essentially what it was, at the end of the day, was the Federal Reserve rigging the markets to make the value of capital go up (especially stocks). And who owns capital? The rich. 
They achieve this by printing money and using that money to buy assets (imagine, for example, what would happen to the price of bitcoin if the Fed printed money to buy bitcoin). This is a simplification, but represents the crux of the matter. This is a value transfer because everyone in society, including the poor, all use the same money, so that now that there is more money in existence the real value of each unit of that money is less. Ordinary consumers who don't own stocks haven't felt the loss of purchasing power because most of the inflation thus far has been focused on capital assets, not consumer goods, but if any of these same ordinary consumers tried to use their money to purchase stocks, they would discover their money had lost a tremendous amount of purchasing power over the last decade.
@_date: 2015-02-06 16:17:05
According to anthropologist and historian David Graeber, we have regularly cycled from using money to what he calls "virtual money" (i.e., credit) as the primary medium of exchange. The accumulation of debt repeatedly forces the system to retreat from using credit back into using money. The difference between the two is that credit can be created on a whim, money cannot. The thing we call "money" today is actually this kind of virtual money Mr. Graeber is talking about, fiat money is really credit, and we are on the precipice of a return to actual money. 
People who recognize this, like this fella, are preemptively investing in gold. Some of them are increasingly recognizing Bitcoin. Mike Maloney is a name that comes to mind. 
Bitcoin simultaneously has the characteristics of sound money like gold AND yet also all the advantages of digital credit money, like being able to transfer instantly all over the world. 
The problem with gold as money, on the other hand, is that is has to rely on credit and/or cryptocurrency in order to be used in a digital world. That is, it can only realistically be used to back some other digital currency, it can't itself be used as the medium of exchange in today's world. That, unfortunately, leads right back to the kind of fractional reserve banking that ultimately got us to where we are today. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 06:11:17


The purpose of money being "backed by something" -- regardless of whether by that we mean the money has intrinsic value, or whether we mean it is exchangeable upon demand for some other valuable, or whether we mean the issuing authority is credit worthy, or whether we mean the cost of creating new currency is equal to the value of that currency at the time of issuance -- is, and never was, to give the money value. The purpose has always been to increase trust in the currency by limiting the power of money creation and the inevitable destruction of the currency that occurs under the weight of too much abuse of this power. 
Put simply, the main purpose behind all of this "backing" rhetoric throughout history has been to try to force the sovereign or issuing authority to become more "trustworthy," which in turn makes the currency itself more trustworthy. Back in the ancient days and the Middle Ages, when sovereigns had every reason to simply mint new money and give it to themselves, there were no laws or democracy to reign him in. In such a world money needed to be made out of a commodity with "intrinsic value" precisely so that at the very least the ruler's money creation was forced to contend with the price of underlying commodity out of which the currency was made. If he/she created too much coin and devalued the price of each coin, people would simply melt the coin down. The sovereign was limited in how much inflation he/she could produce by the constraints of having money made out of a commodity. Naturally, this forced the sovereign to be a more "trustworthy" issuer of the currency whether he liked it or not. (Of course, the reality is that it didn't prevent rulers throughout history from simply debasing the currency by mixing the precious metals with other metals. And they could get away with this because the money was never the metal from which it was made.)
Backing a currency, regardless of what definition we use for that, is not meant to give the currency value per se, it is meant to increase trust in the currency which in turn gives the currency value. 
The issue of trust, historically, has been a matter of the creditworthiness of the money creator. The fact is that even monarchs could go bankrupt. If they were fighting a costly war, for instance. Under such stress, the natural thing to do was for them to create more money for themselves, but if they created too much money the money became worthless as money. Money becomes worthless, historically, when the issuing authority themselves become insolvent. The reason we always turn to the most powerful entities in society to be the money creators is because they are the last ones likely to go bankrupt, not because they have the power to prevent themselves from ever becoming so. Historically, forcing money to be backed by something theoretically helped to keep the sovereign responsible and solvent. The reality is that money creators still manage to consistently abuse this power.  
But money creation in Bitcoin isn't controlled by anyone, it is controlled by math. There is no issuing authority that creates money the traditional way, which is to make new money, give it to yourself, spend it and thereby put it into the economy. This is how kings and queens created money, it is how the Federal Reserve creates money. Bitcoin has no pet projects it wants to create money to spend on. It is neutral, unbiased, fair, and just. It solves the fundamental problem of money, the fact that power corrupts and absolute power -- the power to create money -- corrupts absolutely. It solves the issue of the creditworthiness of the issuer since the issuer is A.I. and is not spending money on anything. And it eliminates the need for the currency to be backed by something as a means to limit excessive money creation. 
@_date: 2015-10-10 20:47:21


Quite right. I am only talking about the specific case of money. If a money is literally made out of a commodity, then its value can never go below the value of the underlying commodity itself. Now, if the commodity's value drops to zero, then the money can also become worthless. 
In bitcoin's case, right now the underlying commodity -- the bitcoin blockchain -- doesn't have much value, so bitcoin doesn't have any "intrinsic" value either. However, if the blockchain were to be used for things beyond money -- for smart contracts, 2.0 currencies, other financial instruments, etc -- then as the blockchain became more valuable, at the minimum bitcoin would be worth its value as a unit to provide access to blockchain use. 
Even if people don't use bitcoin as money, if the blockchain ends up being the backbone of the global financial system, for example, people will need bitcoin to use the blockchain. Consequently, there will be demand for bitcoin even if it isn't used as money. This is exactly how gold money works, there is a demand for it even if it isn't used as money. That is the real definition of "intrinsic value" when we are talking about money. 
So many people who criticize bitcoin for not having intrinsic value don't understand that if bitcoin is successful it will end up acquiring intrinsic value because of the nature of the technology and the fact that the blockchain has potential uses far beyond money. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 18:13:33
The way I currently imagine things going, there will likely be a few base monies, like Bitcoin, which will achieve a great deal of price stability in the long run. The monetary base, in other words, of the global economy will be comprised of the major public block chains upon which the remainder of the monetary and financial sphere is built. We don't know what these base block chains will be, but I think there is a high probability that Bitcoin will be one of them. In the case of Bitcoin, the monetary policy is fixed and extraordinarily difficult to change. This global monetary base will replace the concept of reserve currency, as everything fundamentally depends on, and runs upon, these root public block chains.
It is the recognition that something like this is likely to play out that causes many people to argue that additional currencies will be redundant. If you can use bitcoin anywhere, in any country, to buy anything, why would anyone use other currencies?
The problem with their argument, is that the root purpose of money is to provide optimal liquidity to markets and economies, which maximizes economic activity to the extent that it achieves this. Many people in this space don't fully grasp this, and imagine the future a bit like a digital version of the monetary system that existed in the Roman Empire. But for all its flaws, weaknesses, and moral failings, fiat money is vastly superior to the monetary systems we had in the Middle Ages -- and just comparing modern economies to feudal ones should be proof of that -- and the reason for this is because it provides a much higher degree of liquidity.
Contemporary money achieves this high degree of liquidity through credit creation. Credit creation allows people to convert illiquid wealth into liquid form, which allows that wealth to immediately engage in economic activity whereas otherwise it would stagnate. 
The problem with credit creation in the modern economy, and QE specifically, is that only an elite few possess this power, and they use that power to enrich themselves at the expense of everyone else. 
With crypto, credit creation isn't going away. If anything, it will expand. ICOs are proof of that. What are ICOs if not credit creation? In fact, I would argue that an ICO is the power of central banks in the hands of a startup. Crypto won't eliminate credit creation, it will democratize it. 
Imagine a small business that requires a loan to get up and running. Instead of going to the bank, they will be able to issue tokens on one of the public block chains, redeemable for any of the store's merchandise in one years time for, say, 125% of the value of the token at the time of issuance. Now, suddenly, the small business owners has access to credit without requiring the banking system. This means banks no longer get to dictate which businesses they deem likely to succeed, the larger public does. Of course, some kind of block chain based identity, reputation, and credit rating system will likely need to be developed over time to help inform and protect investors. But the point is that all of this power will be removed from the banking monopoly and distributed to everyone. We are already seeing this kind of thing happening with crowd sourcing and peer-to-peer lending, but all of that will become hyper-charged in a world were tokens are liquid, easily produced, and easily exchanged. 
This is a small taste of why I see new money being created on a massive scale -- and much of it won't be called "money." We are talking about a wide range of digital assets, ranging from bond-like assets, to shares in a company, to derivative contracts, to proof's of ownership . . . you name it. 
But underlying all of this will be these huge public block chains, like Bitcoin, which not only will provide the infrastructure for all of this, but also the monetary backbone and ultimately the units that represent settlement of accounts.
If you have a situation where you have several primary public block chains, their value will all remain relatively stable but will likely go up and down relative to one another just as national currencies do today. The competition between these block chains will ensure that they have a tendency to adopt qualities that keep them most competitive. If, for example, it is found that the limited supply of bitcoin eventually becomes a hindrance to its liquidity, and that world markets are moving to other block chains as a consequence, the community may eventually come to insist that there be a change in monetary policy. But this would be an adjustment pressured by the markets and by the collective community, rather than a small cabal of bankers. This is precisely what we are seeing with the block size issue today. It is, in part, the pressure from the rise of alt-coins that is forcing Bitcoin to finally change. 
@_date: 2017-07-10 06:23:10
Central banks aren't intrinsically necessary for a currency to have value, after all, central banks only became commonplace in the early 20th century. Of course, it is doubtful that bank credit not backed by anything could maintain value without them.  
@_date: 2016-05-08 14:56:17


There is nothing intrinsically immoral with credit creation. What is wrong is when credit creation is monopolized and controlled by the few and is used as a way of dis-empowering the many. When credit creation is controlled by a few, the few become the defacto rulers of society.  
Yes, bitcoin itself becomes more liquid as a result of an increased market cap, but it will never become the predominant monetary system if everyone doesn't have immediate access to that liquidity, it would be like trying to run a modern economy using nothing but paper cash without banks. 
Imagine everyone was using Bitcoin and you could buy and sell anything using bitcoin. Not everyone would have bitcoin. Some people would have a lot, some people would have next to none. How would someone without bitcoin who wants to get some, get some? 
Imagine a person who was very wealthy but had very little of his wealth in liquid assets and none of his wealth in bitcoin. What would this person need to do to get some bitcoin? This person would need to sell some of his stuff, that could take months and what if he doesn't want to sell his wife's jewelry? This is a type of person who directly has the need for the service that money provides and he is going to go use whatever money best provides this service. If he can't get bitcoin quickly, then he needs to go use a currency he can get quickly, say getting a loan in US dollars. By definition, then, US dollars are more liquid than bitcoin because he can get them quickly without friction, whereas it will take him weeks or months to acquire Bitcoin. (KYC laws may ostensibly be about controlling terrorism, but the real effect, and perhaps the real goal, is to halt the adoption of bitcoin.)
You see, the frictionless nature of the money in this man's case has nothing to do with the marketcap of Bitcoin. Bitcoin could be $1,000,000 a coin and it is still completely illiquid as far as this man is concerned. 
For a money to be truly liquid -- and liquidity is the very purpose of money -- then you have to have lending. If Bitcoin can't serve that function, something else will. Now many people imagine that traditional banks will lend bitcoin. What is the point of Bitcoin if we still need to rely on traditional banks for liquidity? Traditional banks are merely the infrastructure for fiat money, using a bank *is* using fiat money, they came into existence with fiat money, they will depreciate along with fiat money. Talking about traditional banks lending bitcoin is attempting to treat bitcoin like fiat money.  


While tokens that are meant to act as bonds do require the issuer to be around -- there is always the risk of default -- they are not "merely an immutable record on the blockchain of a third-party debt" for the simple fact that each token is connected to a bitcoin address and therefore payout actually occurs through the bond itself, it doesn't require a middleman to insure payment from the issuer reaches the holder. If a person sells, for example, 50 BTC of debt and issues this debt in 50 distinct tokens representing bonds, he can sell that debt directly on the public open market available to all of us without needing to go to a bank. Assuming he makes his payments, each token will receive .05 BTC per month to its corresponding bitcoin address until a total of 1.2 BTC is paid out to each bond. As far as the issuer is concerned, he is just paying off his debt, he doesn't need to know who is holding that debt. Since the whole affair is transacted over the blockchain and is public for all to see, his credit rating is easily tracked. For the person who purchases all 50 tokens/bonds, they can expect to end up with 60 BTC at the end of 20 months. If at the end of 10 months he/she decides they need the money right away, they can resell the 50 tokens on the market at their new market price which will be somewhere between 30 and 25 BTC depending on the creditworthiness of the person who issued the tokens in the first place.


A corporate blockchain vs a public one is *not* the difference between credit and money. Credit and money can exist on both types of blockchains. The difference is who has access to those blockchains and consequently who will accept those blockchain's credit or money as payment. A corporate blockchain can be used by people within the corporation, but when dealing with outside players they must either communicate using the legacy system of trust, or they must use a public blockchain. A public blockchain, on the other hand, can be used by anyone, and therefore its base token/money will be accepted as payment by anyone and credit issued on top of that blockchain will be potentially useful to anyone. 
When we hear about Wall Street trying to create its own private blockchains, what is happening is that they are trying to keep finance exclusive. The problem is that in the past there were actual technological reasons finance had to be exclusive. With the blockchain, in time, those reasons disappear. It is as if the news media had attempted to prevent Twitter, blogs, reddit, and the way the internet has transformed media by creating a very large and fancy intranet that allowed them to communicate news to one another more quickly, as if this intranet might have eliminated the need for the internet. It might have been helpful to them, but it wouldn't have stopped anything. 
@_date: 2015-10-22 16:36:10
The point of this article by Jim Rickards (who is a gold bug FYI) is encapsulated in the following passage:




What he is saying is that peer-to-peer is the fundamental disruptive innovation of our time. The ability for individuals to connect directly with one another instantaneously allows for the creation of networks that effectively can replace the need for centralized ownership over capital assets and potentially even "means of production."
Isn't Bitcoin the ultimate form of this? A peer-to-peer monetary system that does not require centralized control over the issuance of money or processing of payments? 
Yet a paragraph or two later he backtracks when talking specifically about Bitcoin. He reaffirms his skepticism of the currency and then writes:


If Uber uses peer-to-peer to replace the existing taxi system, Bitcoin uses peer-to-peer to replace the existing monetary system. I guess the idea that Bitcoin could disrupt the existing monetary system is too scary for anyone with a reputation, like Jim Rickards, to publicly consider. However, in admitting the amazing possibility of blockchain technology they are tacitly doing just that. This is because the full potential of blockchain technology -- which as Rickards implies lies in peer-to-peer, unmediated, value transfer -- cannot be fully realized through private blockchains. Private blockchains preclude the larger public from engaging in unmediated exchange, and trust in these systems depends on trust in the institutions that run them. Nothing will be more trustworthy than a global public blockchain that runs on math and electricity, and this eats into the main incentive for using many of the current financial institutions, which is trust. Public blockchains allow the public to engage in unmediated exchange on a foundation of trust, this will inevitably draw down the need for private blockchains as financial institutions find they can settle over the public blockchain just as easily over private ones, only with greatly enhanced security. The current global financial system which is a tangled and obscure mess of cosmic proportions is going to be streamlined, clarified, and brought into elegant beauty, simplicity, and security when it is all slowly, but surely, converted into, and built on top of, the bitcoin blockchain, aka Bitcoin.
What is happening now with these "permissioned" blockchains, is simply old fashioned conservatism and caution. Bitcoin is far too new and untrusted for entrenched financial institutions to rely on it, but they are excited about the technology and want to explore it. But what is going to happen is that over time the trust level around Bitcoin is going to rise, and Bitcoin is going to continue to mature, and eventually institutions will start to use it on a large scale along with everyone else. The question will be whether the large institutions' caution will ultimately prevent them from keeping up. 
Calling bitcoins "shares in the bitcoin blockchain" is absolutely valid. That is precisely what they are and the fact that we can now communicate this idea so concisely shows how far we have come in the narrative around this technology. (Of course, people like Daniel Larimer have known this for years.) 
It is a particularly important idea, the idea that bitcoins are shares in the blockchain, because it conveys the insight that bitcoins do have intrinsic value, i.e., the value of using the bitcoin blockchain. There are two groups of people that need to hear this idea: 
1) Those who object to the use of the blockchain for anything besides money/bitcoin. This group needs to understand that it is the growing use of the blockchain for other uses that ultimately backs the value of the currency. This is communicated in the idea that bitcoins are shares in the blockchain. 
2) The other group are bitcoin skeptics who object to the absence of intrinsic value. This group includes Jim Rickards, the author of the article being discussed here. This group became so accustomed to objecting to the lack of intrinsic value in fiat currency that they couldn't get past this perceived flaw in bitcoin. But intrinsic value simply means that the unit of currency has a price floor set by the commodity from which it is made. If the value of the currency falls below this floor, people will simply begin to use the unit for the commodity, e.g., gold, rather than continue to use it as money. If people begin to understand bitcoin as "shares in the bitcoin blockchain" then this exact same principle applies to bitcoins, and while their value as a currency may depreciate, they can never fall beneath their value as access tokens to the blockchain.
So people like Jim Rickards, who initially objected to Bitcoin on the primary basis that bitcoins have no intrinsic value, nevertheless cannot reject the revolutionary technology behind bitcoin. This article was really just an admission of that. However, once they realize that private blockchains can never achieve the full revolutionary power of a public global blockchain they will realize that the technology and the currency, bitcoin, cannot be separated. This is why we call it Bitcoin with a capital 'B.' Once they understand that they will understand that bitcoins' do have intrinsic value, the value of this revolutionary technology. Hopefully by then they will have created sufficiently forgiving narratives to explain to their fans why they got Bitcoin wrong early on. 
 
@_date: 2015-03-18 05:26:38
These tech giants have ambitions nothing short of replacing the banking system entirely with themselves. 
Ultimately, banking is the art of money creation. In order to gain this power, the banking system first required that everyone used their network. Once everyone depended on them to hold and transfer their money around, they could effectively issue their own credit and that became just as good as money. Since banks can create their own credit, they had effectively discovered a way of creating money. But ultimately this power came from, again, first establishing an universal network. Today, very little money exists outside of this network in the form of cash, so bank credit becomes just as good as money and therefore banks gain the power of money creation. 
Facebook, Apple, Amazon . . . these tech giants all could, in theory, achieve something similar. They all represent huge networks, and having everyone using your network is the prerequisite to getting your form of issued credit to become considered money. Once one of these companies becomes a universally accepted payment network they need simply move beyond simple payment processor and issue their own form of credit. This credit immediately has value because it can be used within their network, but it also has value outside of their network because their network can now be used to pay for things anywhere. Eventually, simply giving someone Facebook credits becomes just as good as giving them USD. Their credit initially allows them to bypass the burdens of the legacy banking system and credit cards, but eventually it allows them to completely replace the banking system entirely with themselves. 
These massive tech giants are attempting to become banks, and therefore are more of a threat to the traditional banking system than Bitcoin could ever dream of being. The traditional banking system doesn't appear to have a reply. Wouldn't it be the ultimate irony if that reply turned out to be Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-05-29 06:51:31
Assuming they get overwhelming support from miners and exchanges, then there is not much to stop this. We're not going to have a situation where the miners and the exchanges all come to agreement and somehow a portion of the user base is able to stop that agreement from being implemented. If a fork of Bitcoin possesses overwhelming hashing power, and the exchanges agree not to accept the old chain, that old chain becomes all but dead. 
Bitcoin governance is a combination of development, mining power, and nodes. With regard to the latter, when it comes to governance, the only nodes that matter are the economically significant ones. That is to say, node power is determined by economic weight, not by node count.
Therefore, if the mining power and node power is all behind a particular change, what remaining power exists to stop it? Since developers only propose changes and have no actual power to implement them (a realization that is finally beginning to dampen the Blockstream conspiracy theories), the only remaining power are the users and investors. Even assuming investors can manage to find ways of buying the old coin, they aren't going to place themselves in a financial position that is almost certain to lead to ruin, and users will barely be able to use the minority chain due to the absence of hashing power and the inability to exchange the token. 
The scaling war is about to end, and it is about to end with a single currency intact and confidence in the network greatly strengthened internationally (while long time Bitcoiners shed a tear).  
Ultimately, I think what will be remembered about the scaling war decades from now wasn't the technical disagreements or the technical solutions, but the fact that Bitcoin organically established a governance model.
@_date: 2019-05-11 17:20:25
I'm not pro-reorg, I'm anti-reorg. The fact that you think the opposite from my post shows what a fucking idiot you are.
@_date: 2015-02-01 16:01:37
A "proper" central bank is never an independent entity, that is why the Euro is such a disaster. 
@_date: 2019-05-21 17:33:22
Let me first say that what I think is "actually worthwhile" may conflict with your philosophical worldview, particularly when it comes to finance. If, for example, one is a strict hard money advocate, and believes all we need is a 21st century version of 15th century finance, then any kind of financial application beyond hard money will not be seen to be worthwhile. So your "hard mode" is too subjective and can lead to endless debate over the purpose of money, which I am happy to have, but strictly speaking your main question is more objective than that, and deserves consideration separate from the more subjective debate of "worthwhileness." 
Many nocoiners---though definitely not all---will acknowledge that bitcoin can do what fiat currency currently cannot insofar as it affords peer-to-peer value transfers without a third party. But then they will go on to say either that that is not worthwhile, or that if it is worthwhile, the fiat system can eventually develop the technology itself to do this. And this argument strikes me as weak because A) the market will tell us whether it is worthwhile or not and B) the fundamental philosophical orientation, infrastructure, power entrenchment and incentives of the fiat monetary system are misaligned with the development or direct utilization of this technology (i.e., truly decentralized money).
Echoing nocoiners, maximalists will ask of altcoins, "What can they do that bitcoin cannot?" If that hurdle is actually overcome, and they acknowledge that there are things, they then retreat into the same line of defense as nocoiners, namely A) that those things are not worthwhile and B) that if they are worthwhile, Bitcoin can eventually integrate them. But, again, the market will eventually decide whether they are worthwhile and precisely because of that, if they are deemed worthwhile, by the time it is obvious to everyone it will be difficult for bitcoin to compete in those particular regards having already oriented and committed itself to a hard money philosophy with that philosophy becoming entrenched both ideologically and practically into the design of the system. 
Some examples of what altcoins can do that bitcoin cannot, precisely because they are not hard money oriented (an orientation they will never be able to compete with bitcoin on):
Decentralized banking, lending, and credit creation. That is, algorithmic banking that doesn't require a third party (i.e., a bank). I am thinking of MakerDao built on Ethereum. In the same way that Bitcoin created money without requiring a bank, Maker has created fiat currency without requiring a bank. And in creating smart contract based fiat currency, it is able to create and destroy that currency allowing it to algorithmically lend that money into existence against digital asset collateral. This is a huge development, in my opinion, that most people in the bitcoin community don't appreciate due to their hard money stance, and it is not something bitcoin is currently capable of doing. 
Another example is decentralized (again, meaning no third party involved) derivatives contracts. That is, derivatives contracts that are created and enforced algorithmically, without requiring a third party custodian. The idea was created way back in 2014 by Daniel Larimer (creator of EOS) and projects like dYdX are doing this on Ethereum in order to provide leveraged decentralized trading. Which brings us to another example:
Decentralized (no third party custodian) exchanges. Again, not possible on bitcoin, there are a rash of them on Ethereum including Ox and Bancor. These projects allow the exchange of digital assets without a custodian and will eventually provide the infrastructure to make other financial tools, including above mentioned examples, more liquid, permissionless, and efficient. 
The list goes on, such as decentralized prediction markets, decentralized storage, and decentralized gambling. None of that is really possible on Bitcoin as it stands today. Whether one thinks they are "worthwhile" or not is really a different question, one that ultimately the market must decide.
Having said that, I think all of these things are a bit like video on the internet. Back in the 90s many could see that it was inevitable (though others argued that it wasn't worthwhile since we already had TV and movie theaters), but the infrastructure wasn't there to make it mainstream, it took another decade before YouTube was really possible. 
In the same way, a lot of the projects being built on smart contract platforms today are simply ahead of their time, suffering from scalability issues and the lack of a sufficiently robust infrastructure. This gives Bitcoin the opportunity to eventually dominate these markets when the infrastructure makes mainstream adoption of them possible. But the flip side is that if these projects weren't being built, the pressure to scale in such a way that is accommodating to them wouldn't exist either. It is precisely this pressure that is creating so many efforts, in an open sourced manner, to scale Ethereum, but to scale it in such a way that favors dApps (rather than being strictly focused on scaling payments). 
While Bitcoin faces similar scaling issues, those scaling issues revolve around the question of how to scale the network while preserving the integrity of its hard money foundation, its digital gold status as it were. There is no issue with this, but the way things look today, this is leading to scaling solutions, like Lightning Network, that aren't likely to be optimized for the kinds of smart contract applications we have been speaking about (and is incidentally why the Raiden network is far less popular as a scaling solution on Ethereum than solutions like Plasma are). What this means, in the long run, is that the infrastructure built around the Bitcoin network may--"may" being the operative word---simply not be optimized for these kinds of applications in the future and prove limiting to our assumption that "Bitcoin will simply be able to do what these other networks can do if they prove useful."
At the end of the day, my view is that Bitcoin's focus on being hard digital money is absolutely what the industry and the world needs. But the leap I am not willing to make is that hard money is the ONLY thing the world needs, and that is what separates me from the maximalist.
@_date: 2015-02-25 15:47:46


I get all of my porn free, but the moment I could get quality porn using bitcoin micro-payments I would do that instead.
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:57:10
Trusting something isn't the same thing as understanding something. Most things that we trust to work do not entail an understanding of how those things work. Understanding is not the point here. 
The purpose of fiat money is to give a few people/institutions the ability to create gold, essentially. Once you have that ultimate power, there is no one else whom you can trust but God, there is no power more powerful than you. For the rest of us, the idea of God is the idea of power imposed from above, for which you will be punished should you choose to reject it, this is the essential way in which fiat money works.
When people say "in math we trust" with reference to Bitcoin, the important idea is not that math is understandable, but rather that it's truths are neutral and universal and not reliant on power or belief to sustain. No one on the planet disputes that 1 + 1 = 2, regardless of whether they believe in God or anything else, and no one really has any reason to reject this idea or reason to fear being punished should they do so.  
@_date: 2015-02-02 08:22:34
She sounds like most people I knew back in the 90s whenever the subject of buying stuff online came up . . . 
@_date: 2016-05-03 16:55:06
Bitcoin is both a payment network and a settlement system. Physical cash is the same way, you can use it to make payments, and yet transactions with cash represent final settlement. 
The issue becomes which one we should we prioritize as scalability becomes a concern. I would argue this represents the main division between big and small blockers, with the former wanting emphasize the payment network side, the latter wanting to emphasize the settlement side. 
To explain why I think the small blockers are correct, the analogy we should be looking at is physical cash, since bitcoin is, after all, digital cash. With physical cash it is both a means of payment and settlement. However, if our system sought to transact solely in physical cash, rather than using dedicated credit-based payment networks, the whole economy would suffer from cash's greater level of friction, so no real advantage would be gained. Yet on the other hand, if cash was transformed into a form of credit to achieve less friction, it would cease to be a settlement system and therefore would lose all purpose. 
That is to say, the real purpose of cash is to be a settlement layer. If cash didn't serve this purpose, it wouldn't exist. We use cash over, say, gold coins today for a variety of reasons that give paper money advantages over gold coins, and we will use digital cash for the advantages it gives over paper money, but this does not change the fact that you can always devise a more frictionless way to transfer money if you use units that aren't simultaneously attempting to represent final settlement. That is true of the paper legacy system, that will be true of the digital system as well. Credit works perfectly for payment networks precisely because it doesn't have the burden of trying to be a settlement system. The moment it does, there will be some other unit that, unburdened by this obligation, will be faster, cheaper, and smoother. 
Put differently, communicating to someone the promise to pay is infinitely easier than actually paying them, no matter what the medium, and since it is easier it involves less friction and ultimately makes for faster payment networks. 
Credit is not going away with the advent of digital currencies. It may take on different forms, it may be far more trustworthy and more quickly settled, but you still need units of exchange that are not burdened by actual final transfer of value. 
If we overemphasize the payment network side of Bitcoin at the expense of its role as cash (i.e., as settlement) then eventually it will become centralized, and once that happens it loses its basic fundamental property: trust. Trust is the basis of all money and represents the soul of cash. "In God we Trust." Trust in the Bitcoin network is supreme over legacy monetary systems because it comes from a decentralized source, because it comes from math rather than people. If the system becomes centralized, then math ceases to be the basis of trust and the owners of the controlling institutions become the locus of trust instead. Since institutional trust is what we already rely on with the legacy system, Bitcoin would be offering no fundamental advantage. 
Legacy systems can switch to blockchain tech. What they can't do is offer a decentralized monetary system in which trust derives from math rather than institutions. You take that advantage away from Bitcoin, and it offers nothing that can't be offered by the old system. You keep that advantage, strengthen it even, and the foundation of trust that derives from that system will become the bedrock of the global economy. 
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:02:16
Exactly, you nailed it. 
For millennials, the digital space is an extension of meat space, the latter without the former is like living without electricity. 
For Baby Boomers, the digital space is still a make believe escape from reality. The reason Baby Boomer gold bugs don't like bitcoin is because they don't think its real, and the reason they don't think its real is because the digital space isn't real to them. 
For millenials, the digital space is real, and therefore the idea of digital gold makes sense.
Money is really tied up with people's sense of reality. This is because reality is the most trusted thing and trust is foundational to money. 
The important thing here is that the trajectory of humanity's sense of reality is shifting toward the digital space, and we see this in the divide between the three generation. Future generations are going to be even more intertwined with the digital space than millennials are. Millennials grew up with websites. Future generations are going to grow up playing with their friends in completely immersive virtual worlds. 
So the whole direction the world is going in favors the ascendance of the importance of the digital space and of bitcoin over gold. Gold's  real hope is that this direction is interrupted, which I think reflects the Baby Boomer's mindset of dismay with the rapidly changing world and their longing for the past.
@_date: 2016-05-05 11:22:57
I agree with everything you are saying.
@_date: 2015-02-06 15:42:28


The problem is, there is no such thing. 


Paper weights have no intrinsic value online. 
@_date: 2017-07-09 18:36:31


Yes, and here's the thing: while a chain split can -- and very likely will -- occur, a split in the brand, a split in the name 'Bitcoin' is not possible. This is an extremely important point that is often overlooked. *It is precisely because 'Bitcoin' the brand cannot be split that Bitcoin can never be split as a monetary system.* Any permanent chain split is going to result in Bitcoin + an altcoin, exactly as it did with Ethereum and ETC. If there is a chain split this year, the mainstream world will likely not even notice assuming the battle over the brand is swiftly dealt with. 
Who is equipped to most swiftly resolve a dispute over the brand? Obviously, the merchants and exchanges. And the larger the financial ecosystem trading in Bitcoin becomes, the more power they have over quickly resolving such branding disputes. When you have large numbers of people investing in paper bitcoin, when you have ticker symbols and ETFs and hedge funds holding bitcoin on behalf of their customers, you have a situation where they all want brand resolution to be immediate. And once that resolution is achieved, the bulk of investment money is going to continue flow right into whichever chain won the name.       
The first person on record I know of to recognize this phenomena was Gavin Andresen. In 2010 he wrote:


Gavin was essentially arguing that even in the face of superior hash power from the miners, if the exchanges and merchants refused to recognize a miner orchestrated hard fork, they would crush that fork's liquidity and economic viability. 
Interestingly, in the very same thread, Theymos wrote the following: 




Theymos almost completely foresaw what is happening today. Why? Because Theymos has a deep understanding of Bitcoin and he was able to connect the dots and recognize that the logic of the system leads inevitably to this conclusion. Once we add to the equation the fact that restricting on-chain scaling was always going to be perceived by the "generators" as something that "reduces profit," it should be clear that the logic of the system was intrinsically going to bring us to the point we find ourselves today.
Years later these two juggernauts of Bitcoin would find themselves on opposite ends of the debate. But what is interesting, what they both recognized, was that ultimately big decisions in Bitcoin's direction would be determined by the powerful actors in the space, not by the average user and, more importantly, *not by the developers.*
The system is designed in such a way that *the developers are meant to work for the users.* But what these two men recognized was that the "users" eventually become centralized around certain powerful users -- miners, merchants, and exchanges. In other words, back in the day, when anyone could run a node and anyone could mine bitcoin on their laptop, the concept of a "user" was very egalitarian. Today, much of that power which was initially evenly distributed among the community has become centralized around pockets of powerful users. *Centralization has already occurred and was always meant to,* and even the earliest thinkers about Bitcoin recognized this. 
And what do we have today? We have the two power groups identified by Andresen and Theymos -- i.e., the majority of "users" where each user is weighed by their relative power -- unified behind Segwit2x. Put simply, Core isn't doing what the users want.
The reason there is confusion about this is because there is still confusion about what defines "users." Again, in the earliest days of Bitcoin there was the perception that the system was egalitarian because everyone began on a more or less even playing field. But like with any game, eventually winners begin to emerge and accumulate power to themselves, and this has happened with Bitcoin, and eventually those powerful players accumulate so much advantage that their voices outweigh even the combined voices of the less powerful majority. The Core developers seem to be blindly hoping that the less powerful majority will come to their aid, but it seems we may have already moved past the era where that was possible. 
Eventually what is likely going to happen is that Bitcoin is going to achieve such a critical level of success, that powerful players from outside the ecosystem are going to enter with vast amounts of capital and power. They will become new users, in other words. Even governments may one day fight over the system, and Bitcoin will happily admit them because the system is designed around power, it is designed to allow the most powerful to control it with the caveat that it is always open to admitting new power competition to enter the fray (unlike PoS systems where power becomes potentially permanent). It will become absorbed by the mainstream world, and it will take on the characteristics of the mainstream world -- it already is. And the idealism that gave birth to the earlier phases of the system's history will move to other projects.
 &gt; By the way, I have a solution to this SegWit2x mess, although your insights make it clear why my idea won't work. My idea is that the Core dev's could recognize that SegWit2x isn't a terrible idea, but demand a delay in the timeline to the HF so that it can be properly tested. If that happens, voila, we get consensus. But don't expect this outcome, because the Core dev's are in no mood to reward a move towards centralization.
We want the Core developers to remain for two reasons, I think: 1) They are the best coders with the deepest understanding of the inner workings of the system. And 2) they are idealists, and the longer idealists can direct the system, the more healthy, corruption free, and promising will be its long term trajectory. 
I have already said that I believe the system is designed around power, and I believe Bitcoin will become corrupted over time as all human systems do. However, the longer this can be postponed the better, and if Core remains the chances of Bitcoin remaining healthy become tremendously higher, in my opinion. 
However, Core seems to be going for all or none, and either does not seem to be willing to admit to the reality of the situation, is not willing to work with a Bitcoin subject to that reality, or knows something we don't. In my opinion, the best solution -- even better than Core backing the hard fork -- would be for Core to compromise, include a 2x increase into Segwit, for Segwit2x as well as BIP148 to become therefore pointless and dropped, and for everyone to happily upgrade together with a soft fork. I doubt this will happen, however.
Instead, what is going to happen is that Segwit2x will go through, we will have Segwit, and then Core and its supporting community is going to hope and pray that everyone drops Segwit2x and the hard fork proposal. 
But the reason I do not think this is likely is because if the intent of the power community were simply to get Segwit without a hard fork, this could have easily been achieved by simply backing BIP148. But they aren't doing that. Still, anything is possible. 
@_date: 2019-05-29 17:42:20
Well, that's the great thing about economics, there are a lot of theories, but at the end of the day no one really knows. Of course, there are many economists who argue along the lines you just laid out, generally they belong to the Austrian school, so you might want to check that out. One thing seems very likely to me, the world is going to have a major credit crisis the likes never experienced before. If that does occur, no doubt the ideas you are expressing, and ideas like them, will become tremendously popular, which could significantly bolster the maximalist case for bitcoin.
However, to me the problem isn't with credit creation, the problem is with irresponsible credit creation, and the question is how do you create an ideal system that encourages creativity, entrepreneurial activity, and innovation, while at the same time also rewards savings and prudent investing? How do you find the perfect speed limit, as it were, that makes travel efficient but minimizes accidents? The problem with our current system is that the speed limit is basically as fast as your car can go, and the situation is such now that everyone is going so fast that if even one driver slows down a bit it is going to create a massive pile up. The analogy only goes so far, but regardless the solution isn't to set a highway speed limit at 25 KPH, and that is what I fear a "one coin to rule them all" bitcoin maximalist future would look like. That's what we had in the Middle Ages.
Now specifically to your suggestion that bitcoin won't be deflationary without more market entrants: if we assume bitcoin is the only currency the world will use, then anyone entering the economy in effect represents a new entrant. If bitcoin is the only currency, new entrants won't be as they are today---i.e., new investors---but rather everyone of working age engaged in economic activity will be. So for bitcoin---again, assuming its the only currency (which I don't personally think will happen)---to not be deflationary there must cease to be any growth in GDP (and likely a flattening of population growth).
In other words, in any environment where you have a single currency, as long as there is an increase in jobs, in productivity, in spending, in consumption, etc, then there has to a corresponding increase in the supply of currency or else the currency will begin to increase in value (deflation). The reason for this is because an increase in GDP represents an increase in demand for the currency which is really the life blood of the economy. More jobs means more people need to be paid, more spending means people need more money to spend. So the demand for the currency increases, just like if you have more new investors or users of bitcoin in today's environment. But if the supply is fixed, and the demand is rising, then due to the simple law of supply and demand, the value of the currency must rise. That's why people say bitcoin is deflationary, they are assuming that world GDP will continue to rise and therefore a fixed supply currency will also rise in purchasing power.
Finally, on your point that everything would be rising in value also (assuming bitcoin is the only currency). No. That's the point, everything would be losing value relative to bitcoin. So the price of a car might be 0.0001 bitcoin but a year later might cost 0.00009 bitcoin (not including the fact that the car would probably be losing value for the other reasons that cars lose value). The reason is because the demand/supply for bitcoin would be rising faster than the demand/supply for cars. It is a bad hypothetical example, there are so many factors involved, but the point is that even though we denominate the value of things in a given currency, this doesn't mean the value of that currency can't rise and fall relative to everything else based on supply and demand. Currency is just like everything else we buy, we just don't think of it that way because we price everything else in that currency. We think of a pound of apples costing a dollar, we don't think of a dollar as costing a pound of apples, and this creates various illusions in how we think about economics. (Really, what I would like to see is a metric of value that were completely independent from currency.) Imagine what the price of cars would be in all car production stopped, and we all had to fight over the remaining cars already in existence order to have something to drive. That is what would happen with a currency of fixed supply. Just like new cars need to be produced to keep the supply up and prices low, new money needs to be produced to keep the supply up and the price of money low, so to speak.
@_date: 2017-07-10 06:31:23
This is an apt analogy. Only that miners are best analogized to central bankers, as far as the analogy goes, whereas the network of users is the analogy of a country's economy. Miners don't have a direct influence over the value of the currency, they mine because the currency has value from the network of users. However, miners do have an indirect influence on the value of the currency in a variety of ways, the primary of which is that they purchase newly minted currency ahead of everyone else (through energy and equipment costs). Likewise, central banks do the same when they "print" new money into existence, they do so by purchasing that currency by paying for it with debt (usually government debt).  
@_date: 2015-03-23 01:38:28


Except that most standard definitions of money hold operating as a unit of account to be a key characteristic or feature, and that in order to be a unit of account the units must be fungible. That is to say, it isn't really clear that you are even talking about money. 
And being fungible is essentially making an asset morally neutral. If all money is equal, if a dollar always equals a dollar, then money essentially cares not whether it is being used for good or evil, a characteristic we more or less generally consider relatively unique to money as an asset. So I think it is really you who are trying to strip this fundamentally neutral nature of money away from it and give moral attributes to a morally neutral tool, as you put it. But I like how you twist the logic! 
@_date: 2016-07-17 15:02:30
I once held these views Bruce. That was before Coinbase took an official stance in the block size debate (and quite a passionate one at that). That is when I became concerned. 
The reason I became concerned is because Coinbase's official position was to increase the block size. This, of course, is completely consistent with the explicit philosophy of the company: they desire to promote mainstream user adoption and they seek to be compliant with government. Raising the block size would arguably promote mainstream user adoption -- although I personally think ultimately it would hurt adoption -- and would decrease decentralization making it easier for Bitcoin itself to eventually be censored and controlled by governments. 
Put simply, what I had thought was just government compliance from a company seeking to survive now appeared to me to be their core philosophy. Perhaps precisely because exchanges must be compliant with government, it was business people who pursued such compliance with passion who enjoyed the most success with their exchanges. And, of course, the people most likely to pursue government compliance with passion *are the people who actually believe in government compliance as a core principle*. The more powerful these members of the community become, the more likely that their core philosophy of government compliance can end up transforming Bitcoin itself -- at a protocol level -- toward conformity with that philosophy. 
This is what concerns me so much about Coinbase and other similar exchanges. If the problem was simply confined to the user experience with these companies I would not be afraid. But after the block size debate it is obvious to me now that the problem of these exchanges is a problem that threatens to extend into the entire ecosystem if these exchanges become too powerful. 
Yes, we should focus on encouraging government to do the right thing. But that isn't a battle most of us have much power over. Our relationship to Coinbase, on the other hand, is a different story. 
@_date: 2015-02-06 15:49:07
Well said.
@_date: 2019-05-11 16:00:23
This is my favorite post from the comments:






























As a side, even the timing of AP's prediction was pretty spot on. If you divide the previous bull market into two phase---the slow climb phase and the bubble phase---the bubble phase initiated around March of 2017, which is pretty damn close to "the end of 2016." It may be that he (she?) meant the peak of the bubble, in which case he was exactly a year off, but he never specifies, and if he meant the bubble would begin at the end of 2016, then that was a pretty incredible prediction.
@_date: 2015-02-14 15:40:19
Already posted:
@_date: 2016-07-17 15:08:01
Why do you even use Bitcoin if you want it to work exactly like fiat?
@_date: 2015-02-02 07:57:24
@_date: 2016-07-24 15:54:45
The priorities of Bitcoin and Ethereum are different. Bitcoin is at ground zero, it interfaces with the larger public and is concerned with proving that cryptocurrencies are real money. Part of what is involved in proving that digital money is real to the larger public is to demonstrate how they are immutabe, for if the general public believes cryptocurrencies are fickle and easily manipulated like the money in a video game, then they will never have trust in them.  
Ethereum, on the other hand, is concerned not with the ground, but with the heavens above and takes the fundamentals for granted. It doesn't need to prove the groundwork to the larger public since Bitcoin is already doing that on its behalf. Instead, what it needs to demonstrate is the cutting edge potential of cryptocurrencies. Since cutting edge change involves risk, it is natural that this system has to have safeguards to protect itself from potential bugs and flaws. In short, Ethereum needs to be more flexible and changeable. 
The question is, will the public understand the difference? Or will the fickleness of Ethereum undermine the public trust in Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-06-19 22:27:27
My understanding is that SegWitx2 is a 8MB increase. SegWit, which brings us to 4MB, and then the 2x which doubles that. 
I believe the confusion was caused -- and correct me if I am wrong -- from Garzik and his team not really understanding how SegWit works. They falsely believed, like most of the community, that there was a base block size (currently 1MB) and that SegWit would effectively multiply that base capacity. They believed they could implement SegWit and then later increase the base capacity to 2MB. This seems to be the common misunderstanding among the community.  
But now I am learning that is not how it works. SegWit completely does away with the max block size parameter altogether. All that matters now is block weight, there will no longer be such a thing as "block size." Since SegWit is introduced with a max block weight of 4MB, the only way to increase it further is to change the max block weight parameter itself since block size will no longer exist. Apparently, the plan is to double that number to 8MB. 
So we are talking effectively about an 8MB block capacity increase.  
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:58:02
Heh, yeah, it was a dumb comment. But actually, Amichateur has been involved in this sub for years.
@_date: 2017-06-15 16:05:11
It is a good analysis, but anyone who understands it should also understand why a miner hard fork is all but inevitable in response to a UASF with reasonable hash power backing it. That is to say, Jihan's blog post yesterday shouldn't have been a surprise to anyone. If the UASF chain receives sufficient hash power, even if that amount is relatively tiny, it represents a huge threat to the legacy chain because of the game theory outlined in this article. 
**It is imperative to all who want to see the UASF succeed that they contribute to the hash power of the chain. This means buying miners, like today, and having them ready to support the UASF.** This is the most important thing anyone can do to support it. 
Jihan is willing to lose money to support his political agenda, the UASF community must be willing to do the same if it intends to succeed. Mining in Bitcoin is intrinsically political, and I have long argued that eventually the majority of mining will be done at an economic loss. You are paying for political power, and the cost isn't that high considering you can recoup much of it through mining and reselling the unit(s). (My hope is that soon we will see large chip makers getting into the ASIC market to help break the current imbalance in the industry.)
Finally, the article doesn't mention SegWitx2 which is the wildcard in this whole scenario and must be considered in any game theory analysis. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 06:41:04
Glad this one doesn't require a rectal exam. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 15:31:32
Your idea actually occurred to me back in September:
The thing is, the main threat of a 51% attack is that it shakes confidence in the network. No one's coins are actually threatened (short of those transacted roughly during the 51% attack), so it would just be a matter of fixing the problem and hard forking the network or rebooting it using a different mining algorithm. All of this, of course, would drive the price down dramatically. But if the price is already down due to manipulation . . . 
My opinion is that something like this would only force Bitcoin to evolve, the question is what would that evolution look like? Some people like Vitalik Buterin are suggesting that Bitcoin is going to have to evolve at the mining level anyway if it wants to compete. I don't know about that, but worse case scenario could actually be a case of "This is actually good news!"
It is true, though, that this scenario bypasses one of the main arguments why we never have to worry about a 51% attack, which is that no one would ever perform one because they would lose more money from the loss of confidence in the network than they would gain through the attack. But if the attacker isn't interested in gaining money, that is a whole other issue. 
What does money mean for people who have the power to create it? Certainly spending a little bit of the very thing you create in order to destroy even a potential threat doesn't seem unreasonable. But I imagine it isn't entirely clear whether Bitcoin -- and actually much more broadly, cryptocurrency -- is actually a threat to them, it may very well be a great asset and potential boon. But either way, the smartest thing would be to slowly take control of a majority of the network, both in terms of hashing power and coins owned. To not do so would be hubris. 
The fortunate thing for Bitcoin and cryptocurrency is that fiat is currently in a massive state of crisis, and they have much bigger concerns on their plate at the moment. Still . . . 
@_date: 2015-02-01 16:44:39
I'm sorry if I have mischaracterized your world view, and I am not sure that simply going on the gold standard would solve anything either. 
But we must understand that a fundamental characteristic -- I would argue THE fundamental characteristic -- of modern money is that it gives banks and governments the ability to create it. That power is so desperately desired by both sectors that we must be cautious in just assuming to be true the mainstream narrative that this system came about because society "scientifically" determined that it was the most efficient and productive one, or that this system was the result of a natural evolution, if you will, into modern economies, and that being more evolved it is innately superior. 
An equally compelling narrative, one which I happen to subscribe to, is that this system came about precisely because the two most powerful sectors, government and banking, were made immensely more powerful by it. Being that they were far and away the most influential voices in determining the direction banking should go, naturally it ended up going exactly the way they preferred, and over time they just used their influence to convince everyone else. Or something like that . . . 
@_date: 2016-07-20 02:20:10
Central and commercial banks are a partnership, one isn't going to do anything that threatens the other.
If central banks create their own blockchain, it will allow households and businesses -- and, in fact, central banks themselves -- to bypass commercial banks entirely. So don't expect that to happen anytime soon. 
On the other hand, if commercial banks create their own blockchain to facilitate settlements between each other, they would effectively allow themselves to bypass central banks entirely. So don't expect that to happen anytime soon either. 
@_date: 2019-05-07 07:17:55
Technically inflation refers to the depreciating value or "purchasing power" of a currency. Many people associate it with supply since increasing supply always places downward pressure on the value of the currency, and it is perfectly fine to use 'inflation' to refer to an inflating supply, but the term as the OP used it is correct.
@_date: 2019-05-07 07:23:40
As I pointed out to another poster, inflation technically refers to a decline in the purchasing power of a currency. It can refer to supply, and people often use the term this way, but its more precise meaning is, again, the loss of purchasing power.
@_date: 2019-05-15 14:28:51
Even if Bitcoin were able to compete technologically as a turing complete smart contracts platform through something like RSK, the more difficult hurdle is in generating a developer community around it. The problem in doing so at this stage is 1) Bitcoin has already more or less lost the SC network effect race to Ethereum (and a few other smart contract platforms) and 2) Bitcoin is heavily under the influence of the maximalist ethos which is generally hostile toward smart contract projects.
So Ethereum has a massive community, ecosystem, resources, and culture all revolving around and dedicated to smart contract development, along with a platform specifically designed to meet those expectations. By contrast, the bitcoin community is largely dismissive of the entire endeavor and only has a federated smart contract side chain, made by an independent team of developers, that no one uses. So its no wonder that RSK hasn't gained much traction and that most smart contract developers choose Ethereum.
Developers are going to choose Bitcoin over a platform like Ethereum when their specific need requires something Bitcoin provides that Ethereum does not. And that would generally involve situations where a super high degree of immutability and security is required above all else. This is why Microsoft is switching their identity project to bitcoin.
In the old days, Bitcoin promised to do everything. It was going to be digital gold, it was going to be the fastest and cheapest payment network on Earth, and it was going to be a smart contract platform. As Andreas Antonopoulos used to say, "Money is just the first app!" Satoshi himself believed it could be all of these.
But with time it became apparent that it needed to have priorities. It needed to either prioritize being a payment network or being a secure network (digital gold), and this led to the Bitcoin civil war and the eventual Bitcoin Cash fork. And while the migration of the smart contract community away from Bitcoin was far less contentious, it ultimately occurred for similar reasons: Bitcoin's concern with security placed the Core devs at odds with the smart contract community who consequently left and made their own networks.
What we call "Bitcoin Maximalists" today is a bit of a misnomer. Everyone was a bitcoin maximalist in the old days, it is just that the guys who favored a faster or more flexible network were eventually forced to move to other projects, and the guys who favored security and immutability above all else---once called "small blockers"---became known as the bitcoin maximalists and their philosophy became the dominant ethos surrounding bitcoin. This was relatively inevitable, in hindsight, because those who favored security above all else simply required conservatism and a slow pace of change to fit their needs, whereas those demanding scalability and smart contract friendliness were asking for big changes to the code that simply were never going to happen with so much concern over security.
What this meant is that with Bitcoin no longer able to be everything to everyone, the only way to satisfy everyone was through multiple networks, each representing a different philosophy, as it were. These underlying philosophies are what drive the types of innovations that occur on each respective network, and projects that are at odds with the ideology of their underlying network generally face too difficult an uphill climb to succeed.
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:57:52
Private debt, which results from bank lending, is at historic levels globally. That is to say, there has never been this much private debt in human history. During the so-called 'recovery' in America deleveraging isn't even occurring. According to economists like Steve Keen and Hyman Minsky, private debt is the cause of economic downturns and depressions. The boom/bust cycle over the past half century has been artificially made to feel less turbulent by central banking ability to rapidly inflate new bubbles whenever needed, but with each downturn more breath is needed to blow up those bubbles as these bubbles do nothing more than to disguise the underlying problem. With this last recession the Fed had to take massive emergency measures the likes never seen before (QE) and the result was simply keeping our head above water gasping for air. But this tiny bit of success, temporarily offsetting the inevitable destruction that will be leveled upon the global economy by the overwhelming power of historic levels of private debt has everyone hailing the success of central banking and decrying the failures of European austerity. But it is just a measure that bought us time, nothing more. For when the tidal wave of private debt comes crashing down and the central banks are shown to be utterly impotent in the face of it, when society realizes we have been on a global track toward disaster all along and that at the root of it was bank lending . . . truckloads of manure are going to be the least of bankers' troubles. 
@_date: 2017-06-02 22:11:07
Exactly. This is a huge moment in Bitcoin's history for a variety of reasons, but one of the most significant ones lies in this realization that exchanges potentially wield the same kind of governance power as miners. Of course, they must first act on this power before the true extent of it is generally understood.
But should they act on it, and set precedence, then exchanges -- or the economic majority -- become a de facto branch of government. With their interests and priorities as an industry diverging from miners, the governance of the system becomes more decentralized even while it would appear, on the surface, that this is a moment of centralization. 
@_date: 2017-06-13 15:23:47
This piece was authored three years ago, before smart contracts were a thing. To really appreciate the full power of block chain backed token creation, you can't really afford to take smart contracts out of the equation.
But having said that, I believe the author was still severely underestimating the power of user-generated tokens, even barring smart contracts. The article really sets up a straw man, in which Mr. Krawisz is trying to say that tokens -- or "appcoins" as he called them -- will only exist to compete with the base currencies of their respective networks. Obviously, a token that is created and expected to retain value simply because it exists isn't going to fair well. But that is precisely how Krwisz envisions all tokens as necessarily working. His claim is that when a new project creates an ICO using a token, as soon as the ICO ends the token will have no functionality or purpose and therefore will lose value, and that even if the project attempts to artificially force people to use the token on their platform, the lack of liquidity and inherent redundancy of needing to use this token will only frustrate users who are now forced to exchange in and out of the token to use the platform (since presumably they won't actually want to hold the token for extended duration). This will, he argues, hurt the platform, and eventually the token will be necessarily dropped. So what he is imagining is that tokens will actually be created for no actual purpose other than to raise money, and consequently will always lose value. As people begin to realize this, the token idea will eventually be dropped entirely. That is/was his claim, if I understood him. 
But a few simple examples of theoretical uses for tokens can quickly divest us of this concern. Let's begin with an example of a token that doesn't even necessarily require smart contracts (though most tokens probably benefit from smart contracts):
Imagine Josh requires a loan to start a furniture business. Josh doesn't have much of a credit history and decides going through the banking system isn't what he wants to do. Instead, he issues a new token that will operate as something akin to gift cards at his store. Anyone in possession of this token can use it, at any time in the future, to purchase any item in his store at 20% off. In other words, each token will be issued at $1 per token, but they can be used at his store -- once it opens -- for the equivalent of $1.25 per token. People who know they are going to want to shop at Josh's store will purchase these tokens ahead of time and thereby help Josh in his fund raising. If potential customers later decide they don't actually plan on buying anything, they can simply sell the token to someone else who needs it. The great thing about tokens is that they can be easily exchanged, peer to peer. Knowing that these tokens will retain their value assuming Josh's store actually happens, and that there will be demand for them and therefore liquidity, potential customers can safely purchase the tokens resting assured that they will not be out of luck even if they later decide they don't need them. 
But things get really interesting once smart contracts are introduced to the equation. I can't possibly go into all the possibilities -- I can't even imagine all the possibilities and this post is already too long -- but since Krawisz brings up the issue that tokens "aren't shares," let's go with that. 
Using smart contracts and tokens, you can literally issue the equivalent of shares for a decentralized company. Imagine a prediction market built on a block chain network. This network issues tokens to get funding. These tokens then operate as something like shares in a company. Whenever the network collects trading fees, the fees are automatically -- using smart contracts -- sent to the corresponding addresses that hold these tokens. That is, dividends are automatically distributed. Presumably the developers would hold the largest amounts of these tokens, further incentivizing them to see that the network does well. Furthermore, if the network is sophisticated enough, the tokens could be used as proof-of-ownership, giving holders the right to vote on critical decisions, etc. The tokens can be easily exchanged peer to peer -- they are tokens after all -- and will have a value that is based entirely on the success, or lack thereof, of the network.
The important thing to understand in this example is that these tokens are not trying to compete with the ordinary monetary units of the base currency -- as Krawisz claims all tokens will -- nor do they lack utility. In fact, they are doing something that quite simply cannot be recreated using the base currency alone. Without tokens and smart contracts, a network like this would be forced to go through the legacy system: issuing shares, involving third party financial firms to hold and administer exchange of these shares, and forcing customers to have to interface with the legacy banking, financial, and legal systems. 
Hopefully I have helped to at least give some small taste of the potential of tokens and smart contracts, just how big this is potentially, and why Krawisz's article will likely end up in the dust heap of the countless articles that have expressed skepticism about Bitcoin and its related technologies.  
@_date: 2015-02-14 07:19:25
Excellent job.
@_date: 2016-07-17 14:32:50
"First, **bitcoin itself has stood the test of time.** Second,
blockchain technology has attracted the attention of big financial giants including Goldman Sachs, Citibank, JPMorgan, Barclays, and BNP Paribas. These mega banks believe that blockchain is ‘Next Big Thing’ in Financial Markets."
People who argue that Bitcoin's success will come principally from its increased utility over fiat -- and that this will ultimately drive its adoption -- are certainly onto something. But they tend to underappreciate the above two points made by Mr. Yell, starting with the first point which is that Bitcoin's inertia, its impenetrability, its ability to survive as a digital money in an age when all things digital can be hacked, makes it profoundly valuable. That is an awesome utility in and off itself. 
The reason this utility is underappreciated by those who want faster confirmation times, larger block sizes, and more government compliance for faster adoption, is because for them "utility" boils down to the experience of the average-Joe user. They are seeing things through the lens of the consumer, and consumers tend not to care about how things work under the hood, technologically or economically. 
But to the big banks, to the financial world, whether the end user experience with bitcoin is frustrating or delightful doesn't mean shit. What matters is that this digital currency is unhackable, because for them the interesting things have to do with the infrastructure of the financial system, not the end-user experience. 
An infrastructure built around blockchains is inevitably going to want to rest on an absolutely rock solid foundation. Right now the big banks are thinking they can create their own blockchains, and this is a vital part of the transition toward a world that revolves around blockchains. But eventually all of these blockchains are going to essentially become sidechains  of Bitcoin. Not because Bitcoin has the fastest confirmation times. Not because Bitcoin has the cheapest transaction fees. Not because Bitcoin is the easiest to use. But because Bitcoin is the most reliable, secure, and trustworthy digital asset in existence. For end users that may not matter, but for the financial system it is godly. And, let's face it, end users just use whatever the financial system tells them to use. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 04:36:18
That may be the average, but my understanding is that the **max** block weight constant is set to 4MB. No?
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:38:23
BIP148 is the reason we are going to get Segwit. But it also forced a deadline that allowed the economic powers to become united in order to force Core to compromise. Under any other circumstance, the economic powers would simply not have been able to muster the consensus among themselves -- nor would they have possessed the requisite political capital -- to perform such a contentious move. But with the deadline and disaster looming, the economic powers had both motive to unite, and the political capital to step forward and demand compromise.
This demand is really an ultimatum to Core to finally compromise, or be removed from leading development. This is happening because BIP148 created a political crisis that allowed this ultimatum to be made.
@_date: 2017-07-10 06:39:46
I suppose that is the sort of politically correct way of talking about central bankers. In my view, central banks main, and only real purpose is to control the supply of currency to maintain optimal levels of liquidity in the economy. Essentially, we are saying the same thing. However, I think it is clarifying to understand that central banks are the core of the monetary system, and that is all they are, and when we think of them as the overseers of the economy we go astray, because in reality government deserves that title, though in recent times they seem to have all but forgotten that. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 17:50:24


Reading this, it is hard not to acknowledge that Satoshi was a big blocker. He imagined a world in which huge mining companies not only would dominate hash power, but would be the ones hosting nodes. 


network nodes. At first, most users would run network nodes, but as the
network grows beyond a certain point, it would be left more and more to
specialists with server farms of specialized hardware. A server farm would
only need to have one node on the network and the rest of the LAN connects with that one node.
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:41:32
This is the image that told me he did it. The way Karpeles looks right here, many bitcoiners are going to become well versed in it. 
If you don't want people who laughed at you over bitcoin to end up hating you, if you don't want to lose your friends and acquaintances, then you must master the *Karpeles look*. You must look humble. You must look remorseful even. The inner feeling of euphoria and that sparkle in your eyes will tell them everything. There is no need to say more. If you want to rub it in, drink a frappuccino. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 21:05:12
Yes, you are right, bitcoin had value because people valued it. I should have said it attained "market value," to be more precise -- it attained a price, so to speak, but that only happened because it was valued in the first place. So you are right, and I never meant to suggest anything other than what you are saying. 
So the value was there before it was actually paid for, otherwise it would never have been paid for in the first place. *The important point, however, is that if bitcoin had no value, no mining would occur.* Mining is paying for bitcoin, so the fact that the initial bitcoin was mined provides *proof that bitcoin had immediate value from the genesis block onward.*
@_date: 2015-02-06 15:51:17
I hope you are right. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 08:19:10


A contentious hard fork would probably be a very chaotic and drawn out mess that would have a very negative impact on Bitcoin's stability and reputation. It is hard to imagine that the economic powers would want to see the very chaos they are seeking to avoid through Segwit2x in the first place. But avoiding it would require they betray their commitment to the miners which could get ugly quickly.  
This means that the economic powers will have to try to aggressively push Core to accept the upgrade. If Core refuses, they will have lost credibility with the economic powers who will then feel more confident in pushing for a change of development leadership. The economic powers have the ability to essentially define which chain -- in the advent of a split -- is listed as "Bitcoin," as well as the ability to choke liquidity out of the minority chain by not allowing it to be traded on exchanges. They will likely use these powers if they believe it will greatly enhance the chance that Bitcoin will be seen as unified. Further, the silent majority of the Bitcoin community is almost entirely fed up with the scaling war, and after the victory and optimism of seeing segwit implemented will not be emotionally inclined to follow Core into a resumption of war. And last, but not least, segwit2x will possess over 80% of the hash power.
So it is hard to imagine a contentious hard fork resulting in anything other than Segwit2x becoming the default client which would mean the removal of Core from development lead, and probably some additional scariness such as the return of Gavin Andresen from the shadows in which he is currently hiding to head the new development team.
Let's face it, Core is likely going to have no choice but to relent. If they chose to fight they will very likely lose everything. If they don't fight they will at least retain development lead. 
Assuming Core comes to this same conclusion, they may decide to upgrade the Core client to include the 2x prior to the deadline so as to avoid the need for the hard fork entirely. Such a move would also turn the narrative from one of Core being dragged along against their will, to one in which they are perceived as resuming a leadership role. This -- as well as now making it so that users wouldn't have any reason to change clients -- would preserve their position at the helm and keep Gavin at bay . . . for the time being.
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:03:53
Haha! Great comment. 
@_date: 2017-06-18 03:39:28
Well, I'm not that familiar with it and have no idea whether it would help, but thought I'd throw it out there. 
The idea of the project, if I understand it correctly, is simply to provide individuals who have proven their identity with a cryptographic identity on the block chain in such a way that they can prove they are real -- verify that they are an actual person in real life -- without actually giving up any personal information. It is an attempt to solve the problem of fake accounts, sybil attacks, social engineering, etc., without compromising anonymity. 
If somehow a check with such a cryptographic identity had to be made before nodes would accept the mined block? And then perhaps such identities would have limits on how many blocks they were permitted to mine? *I have absolutely no idea if that is possible from a technical point of view, nor do I have an opinion whether it would even be a good idea.* But you can imagine something like this?
@_date: 2017-06-07 14:23:00


Of course. But *why* do people want to hodl it? If your answer is that people want to hold it because they think the price is going to go up because they think other people want to hold it because they think the price will go up, and that there is no other reason to hold it except because you think the price will go up . . . well I would suggest to you that you think Bitcoin is a pyramid scheme. 
And that's OK if you think Bitcoin is a pyramid scheme, many detractors argue just that. In fact, it is probably their main argument against Bitcoin. 
My concern is when Bitcoiners themselves start using the pyramid scheme argument and proclaim it to be Bitcoin's main positive attribute. This is very troubling.
Think about it this way: Imagine a new company goes public and the value of its shares immediately go through the roof. The success of this company prompts CNBC to interview the CEO. When asked what his company does, he replies, "nothing." Confused, the interviewer asks a followup question, "well, how many employees does the company have?" To which the CEO answers, "none, it's just me." Finally the interviewer asks, "what is your business model." To this the CEO says, "the business model is to take a company that does nothing, list it publicly, have the public invest in it because they think other people will invest in it, and thereby all the investors, including myself, will get rich." 
If value works simply as you suggest, then this would actually be a very reasonable business model. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 18:56:40
You have to remember that the rbtc community was essentially born out of BitcoinXT, which was Gavin and Hearn's attempt to forcibly remove the Core leadership and install themselves as the benevolent dictators of Bitcoin. 
So I think you are definitely onto something and may have put your finger on the essential split between the communities. When BitcoinXT failed, Hearn went to work for the big banks. This is something you would never expect from someone like Greg Maxwell. To rbitcoin, Hearn confirmed all of our suspicions. To rbtc, he did nothing wrong. 
Also, remember that the scaling debate in its earlier form centered around the issue of whether it is acceptable for nodes to require data centers to run. The rbtc community, generally speaking, saw no problem with that, whereas the rbitcoin community felt this threatened decentralization. 
This highlights a basic difference in philosophy that reinforces what you are suggesting: the rbitcoin community is averse to hierarchy and centralization, whereas the rbtc community sees these, at worse, as necessary evils. Whether that be over the matter of leadership hierarchy, or whether it be over concerns of mining centralization, or whether it be over precluding users from being able to run full nodes.
@_date: 2016-05-08 16:02:30
A lot of people, on both sides of the argument, have the tendency to compare bitcoin to gold. Then rather than discussing the merits of bitcoin, they discuss gold instead. That is what Varoufakis has done. He is really critical of the gold standard, and I think most of his arguments against the gold standard have merit. The problem isn't in his critique of the gold standard, the problem is in his naive view of bitcoin that causes him to equate it with gold.
It is a bit like saying, "Reddit will never work because we already know the world was less informed when everyone communicated through word of mouth." 
@_date: 2017-06-03 06:32:04
Agreed. I think people are starting to realize this is doable. 
My view is that the economic majority -- i.e., mostly the exchanges and wallets -- really have no choice but to come to some agreement about the future. If they don't, the chaos of a chain split -- particularly in this moment when we are undergoing a large increase in adoption -- would substantially undermine confidence in the entire industry, which would hurt all of their businesses. They know they want Bitcoin to remain unified, and they know they want the resolution to be relatively painless for ordinary users.
And the good news is that, fortunately, the economic majority has been more or less neutral on the scaling war. They all agree they want scaling, but they have been more or less neutral on the issue of *how* to scale. This means they are more likely to unify, since there isn't a great deal entrenched ideologies among them. They simply want scaling, and they want it to be painless. 
When you really boil down to it, the whole scaling war has really come down to a battle between Core and some of the powerful Chinese miners. The economic majority, now, has to decide which version of solution involving Segwit to adopt: the one that signals confidence in Core and rewards the stalwart commitment Core shows toward writing what they believe logic dictates is optimal code regardless of the politics of the situation? Or the one that throws the Chinese miners a bone, including a block size increase, and that weakens Core's monopoly over development decisions. This is a big decision that will have long lasting implications.
 
@_date: 2017-06-16 15:44:24
It is true that the coin in the Genesis block cannot be spent, and Roger Ver most probably would have had an easier time had he said, "Bitcoin was the first ICO," but regardless his point is basically correct and actually quite insightful.
Many people have claimed that Bitcoin didn't attain value until it was actually used to purchase pizza. This isn't true. Bitcoin had value from the moment of the Genesis block. This is because the initial bitcoin needed to be mined, and just as mining today costs electricity -- and no one would claim mining bitcoin can be done for free -- so was that true at the moment of its inception. Granted, the initial costs were insignificant, very nearly zero, but they were there nonetheless. 
In other words, from the moment Bitcoin was released you had to pay for them. And even though Satoshi made coins in the genesis not spendable, he nevertheless paid for those coins in electricity. If the code were ever hard forked to make those coins once again spendable, they could immediately be sold. That is, they still have value, they just can't be spent, like gold coin stuck in a vault to which no one has the key. 
An ICO is simply the creation of a new digital currency (or some other digital asset) and the act of exchanging it for some other currency, thereby giving it value. That is exactly what bitcoin did. A new currency was created and it was exchanged for proof of work -- which is essentially a currency that represents the costs of electricity produced -- thereby attaining value. 
From an economic perspective, there is essentially no difference between the issuance of bitcoin and an ICO. Bitcoin was, for all intents and purposes, the first ICO. The differences between Bitcoin and contemporary ICOs lie in various details, such as: how much coin is pre-mined; what currency is used to exchange with the new currency (current ICOs usually use bitcoin or ether, Bitcoin used proof-of-work); the rate at which the coins are released (current ICOs tend to dump large amounts of the coins on the market all at once, whereas bitcoin's release was spread out over decades); how much value the market gives those coins (bitcoin had next to no value upon its first issuance, new ICO are giving their coins multi-million dollar market caps); the ethics of the issuer(s); the fact that the issuer(s) is usually the direct recipient of the exchanged funds (whereas in bitcoin, the network issues and receives payment, rather than any individual(s)), and so forth. But as far as the basic mechanic of an ICO is concerned -- namely, the creation of a new digital currency and giving it value by exchanging it for some other currency which already has value -- Bitcoin was an ICO and the first.     
@_date: 2017-06-18 14:51:00
I'm not really sure how Civic proposes to verify identities. Regardless, Civic is a single company, which basically creates another point of centralization in the name of promoting decentralization. And even if it weren't, identity "cards" to mine is just a step away from licenses, and that is just a step away from handing the whole thing over to the State. 
We have two primary problems with centralized mining (though there are other problems as well): 1) We have the problem of too much concentrated political power over development decisions which makes the system vulnerable to the whims of one misguided person. And 2) we have the problem that it makes the network vulnerable to attack either from these mining firms themselves, or from state or other hostile actors who assume control of their operation. 
What we really would like, ideally, is for everyone to do at least some mining themselves. The community has been actively discouraging people from doing so because of economic reasons. But what if political reasons are in play? The problem is a bit like voting in democratic societies. Each person knows that individually their vote doesn't mean much, but yet these societies are able to create an ethic of moral and political responsibility that inspires people to do their duty. Perhaps we need to promote a similar attitude in the bitcoin space, rather than constantly discouraging people from mining. 
It is hard, because for so long no one wanted to admit that Bitcoin was political. But now it should be obvious to all of us that it is, yet we continue to resist taking any political responsibility. 
@_date: 2017-06-14 00:46:42
Bitcoin is inherently modular. For technical reasons to a degree -- with its high concern for security -- but also for reasons that are social, political, and economic in nature. Being the world's first cryptocurrency, Bitcoin can ill afford to take wild experimental risks with the base network, the base currency and its corresponding block chain. That is best left to competing currencies that have nothing to lose. Instead, Bitcoin strives to be the most solid, most dependable, most trustworthy, and most secure monetary base that exists in the digital age. To this end it has arguably some of the most prestigious and masterful coders who understand the security of the system on a level few can comprehend.
This emphasis on security makes it inherently modular, because modular design allows the base network to achieve ultimate security and yet allows other experimental components to be built around that base layer while not directly threatening its security. Bitcoin is like the vault of a bank, it is designed for maximum security. But this does not mean that a bank is nothing but a vault, it must also have various departments and components that serve the many needs of the company, ultimately ending in a nice lobby with well-dressed bank tellers who serve customers. Other cryptocurrencies that are striving to be innovative, will cut corners with that security in order to maximize user friendliness and flexibility. This is a bit like if the bank did away with the vault and instead distributed its contents to all the tellers who each kept the money in personal safes. It would be more convenient and faster, but less safe. Unless and until one of these cryptocurrencies explode in a security disaster, few will probably fully appreciate the security of Bitcoin. 
But this does not mean Bitcoin does not seek to evolve, to expand beyond being simply a vault, so to speak. Rootstock is example of exactly this. It will bring the functionality of systems like Ethereum to Bitcoin, but it will do so in a modular way that doesn't directly compromise the security of the root layer. It is possible, in the future, that this system will be seen to be superior than a system like Ethereum's which strives have its cake and eat it too by integrating functionality and security all in the same layer.
Unfortunately, to move ahead the Bitcoin Core software requires some upgrades to make modular design more easy to accomplish. But there are those who fundamentally disagree with the direction Bitcoin is attempting to take, and instead desire that Bitcoin forsake its plans for modularity and instead try to do everything on the root layer. Most notable among these opponents are large portions of the mining community who fear that modular design means less profits for them, since their primary business is to collect fees on the use of the base layer. Of course, certain components like Rootstock will still require mining, but these miners are more fearful of those layers that will not require mining, like the Lightning Network, a component that will make bitcoin transactions faster and cheaper than anything achievable by any existing block chain but doesn't directly contribute to miner fees. These opponents are holding up progress because they fear one more step in the modular direction will set it in stone. Consequently Bitcoin remains stagnate, losing the growing innovative wings of the industry to its competitors. 
And there is an additional problem, and that is with the rise of a kind of blockchain conservatism within the Bitcoin community itself. This is because the innovators and visionaries, frustrated with Bitcoin's stagnation have moved onto other networks to pursue their ideas, leaving the makeup of the Bitcoin community increasingly composed of those who remain because they aren't attracted to innovative projects in the first place. This community -- the "digital gold" community as it were --  understands the need for Bitcoin's focus on security, but they have a tendency to see nothing beyond this. They fail to recognize that security of the base layer is only one aspect of what the extended Bitcoin network must ultimately become, and that without innovation, stagnation threatens to leave this hyper-secure vault with nothing of value in it. Even if the miners and opponents to modular design relent, the remaining Bitcoin community may have grown so conservative that it fails to encourage innovation. You can sense that even in this thread, the number of posts expressing the view that there is no fundamental use or purpose for Rootstock should be alarming to Bitcoin investors.
Bitcoin's price is quite suppressed, believe it or not, due to the block size debate. Bitcoin is like a very heavy and very large rocket with a lot of inertia. All the altcoins are like tiny ships that have quickly taken off while Bitcoin's thrusters give off massive amounts of energy to move it out of orbit. Once out of orbit, the thrusters need to be ejected. If those thrusters aren't ejected, Bitcoin will fade. If they are ejected, Bitcoin will surpass all of our expectations. That moment is whether or not there is a resolution to the scaling war. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 17:04:42


Exactly. But not all users are created equal. Nancy running Mycellium wallet is insignificant compared Mycellium itself which decides which software to run on its node.  Mycellium is less powerful than Coinbase, which decides which chain it will allow people to buy and sell for fiat. A thousand average users running full nodes are not even as powerful as a single large exchange. So when we say the "users" decide the rules, we are in large part saying the "economic majority" decide the rules, and the economic majority mostly consists of precisely those who are backing Segwit2x. 
Put simply, the majority of "user power" is deciding Segwit2x, even if the majority of users are not. And there is no clear indication what the majority of actual users are even thinking or what they are prepared to do under a hard fork scenario. 
To make matters worse, I suspect those who are passionate enough to follow Core in a hard fork scenario are probably in the minority, even if they are over represented in r/bitcoin. People around here are still thinking we are back in 2013, when the community was much smaller, more techie, and more ideological. But today's landscape is very different, and a lot of idealists are going to have a rude awakening if a split occurs. 
For most average users and investors in 2017, the bottom line is they don't want to hold a currency they think will rapidly depreciate in value. And if the exchanges call the Segwit2x chain "Bitcoin" -- so that new investors continue to pour into it and the mainstream media continues to legitimize it -- and they call the Core chain "Corecoin" -- which no one has heard of -- which coin do you think will depreciate in value? And if the exchanges go further and refuse to trade Corecoin, choking off its liquidity, making it impossible to buy Corecoin using fiat, which coin do you think will depreciate in value? And if the miners are overwhelmingly backing segwit2x and decide to 51% attack Corecoin so that it is all but unusable until it changes its PoW, rendering it completely to altcoin status with no real mining industry behind it, Corecoin will rapidly lose its value which will further encourage less ideological users/investors to abandon it. As more people flee, more miners will flee, and what will be left will be a faint trace of its former glory. Will it survive? Yes. Will it remain known as "Bitcoin?" No. 
People wanted a UASF. But a UASF was only ever going to win if the exchanges and economic majority backed it. Instead, the economic majority is backing Segwit2x. In other words, **Segwit2x is the real UASF.** That's why a UASF was always a bad idea. I'm not saying I like any of this, I am just trying to get people to pull their heads out of the sand.
@_date: 2017-06-02 23:01:44


Well, to be accurate, it led the miners to the table to work out a **compromise** and they ended up getting exactly what they have been asking for all along, a promised block size increase some interval of time after SegWit activation.
The Chinese miners wanted to use Litecoin to send a message to the Bitcoin community: they are willing to implement SegWit as long as it comes with a promised block size increase. 
But for some reason that still baffles me, this simple compromise, which isn't all the bad, is held with such disdain by many in the community that they would rather risk a solution that at best makes exchanges realize they have the power to henceforth dictate the flow of Bitcoin's development -- exchanges! those entities that have to constantly kiss government arse to do business -- and at worse the potential to split the network in two and cause a complete implosion in the confidence of the currency. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 03:16:49
The restaurant analogy is drawing an analogy to pre-Information Age business and tech, where hierarchy and exclusivity trumped network effects and adoption. But in the Information Age, democratized services like Wikipedia that depend on user generated content prevail over exclusive services like Encyclopedia Britannica. Back in the day, having a copy of the Encyclopedia Britannica indicated a certain degree of wealth and education, and therefore was valued in part because of this. This is your restaurant analogy. But today, trying to create an exclusive encyclopedia, and charging high fees for it, to compete with Wikipedia simply wouldn't work. 
Imagine that internet service cost $10,000 per month. What would happen is that only wealthy people would use it. With only wealthy people being able to use it, most of the internet's content would disappear. With this disappearance in content, services like Google would become less useful and probably would be a shadow of what they are today. YouTube and Facebook would be anemic, The internet would, quite simply, become less valuable and less useful since hardly anyone would be using it. 
Now imagine that during this, someone discovered a way of creating a second internet which they could provide customers for $10 per month. What do you think would happen to the first internet? Everyone would eventually stop using it. 
The reason is because the value of the internet increases the more people -- who are the primary content creators -- use it. The expensive internet would quickly lose its value because the internet isn't like an exclusive restaurant which can only seat so many people and therefore seeks to maximize the amount it can charge per plate while keeping the restaurant full. The internet's value increases the more people use it, as it becomes more and more indispensable to people's live, as everyone you know and love is available on it, as the web of knowledge and experience expands the plethora of things it is offering. When people are the content creators of the network, restricting people's access only weakens the network. Seeing that there is no advantage to their $10,000 per month internet, all the wealthy people would eventually switch over, and the initial internet would die. 
Bitcoin is like this. If you make it too expensive, another network is going to gain more users by virtue of being cheaper. With more users, this other network is going to innovate more, attracting even more users, and the increased demand for this other network will increase its value relative to Bitcoin, until eventually Bitcoin isn't even as valuable as this other network. At that point, the whole idea of Bitcoin being like an exclusive restaurant will make no sense at all. When people talk about the "network effect," this shouldn't be taken lightly. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 16:42:52
The scaling war is at least in part about the question of whether someone can *own* the Bitcoin network. A lot of us understand that what we are witnessing at this point is primarily a power struggle, not a technical debate.
Ver has repeatedly made the argument that because he has a larger financial stake in Bitcoin, his views on the direction of the network should be given weight equal to his current investment. This demonstrates that Ver views Bitcoin the way a stakeholder would view a company. 
His main argument for raising the block size has always been that it would provide immediate relief to the high fees, and that SegWit and layer-2 solutions would take too long. While this may have been a relatively convincing argument a year or two ago, today imost people agree that SegWit would provide the immediate relief to the problem he claims to want a solution for, and yet he continues to filibuster and fight -- using every tactic his economic power affords him -- which demonstrates that his concern over high fees is perhaps disingenuous. 
Further, the time wasted on the scaling debate is time in which all of these issues could have been addressed had this ongoing conflict never been there to stall progress. If his real concern was with seeing the network progress and high fees come down, he has managed to achieve just the opposite. This, again, suggests his true motives are ulterior. 
Since it is hard to argue that Ver's motives are about fees as he claims -- since his own actions are actually encouraging the higher fees and since the problem would have been addressed were he not blocking progress -- and since he hasn't really articulated any other rationale for wanting larger blocks now, it is reasonable to conclude that this is really not about technical issues, but about power. 
Ver has repeatedly expressed disdain and even hostility toward the Core developers and has spent millions in US dollars on promoting an alternative set of developers whom he hopes will eventually usurp protocol development from Core. Perhaps this is ultimately his real aim. 
Assuming Ver is funding these new developers, if such a switch in developers can be achieved, the new developers will essentially be more or less his employees. They will at least have to listen to him. If he can manage to ruin Core's reputation and eventually strip them of their role, replacing them with developers that all but work for him, he will have effectively placed himself in the position of something akin to the CEO of Bitcoin. If this is what is motivating Ver, we should expect for him to object to any scenario -- including the NY agreement -- in which the Core developers remain in charge of development, though it is unlikely he would ever overtly suggest that his real aim is to remove Core. 
Of course, assuming he can't get an outright victory which would entail replacing the Core devs with developers that work for him, then the second best thing would be any scenario in which the Core developers were stripped of their role, even if the new developers were not directly under Ver's influence.Under this scenario, at least precedence would be set for change in leadership which would make it easier for Ver to gain influence over development in the future. Finally, if that isn't possible, then at the very least he will seek to guarantee a block size increase to set precedence for his ability to throw his weight around and influence development decisions -- though I suspect this latter scenario would be worse case for Ver.
@_date: 2017-06-27 06:15:56
Very insightful post. 
Understanding the political, governmental, and power dynamics of the system are in many regards as important as understanding the technical makings of the network. A protocol developer is ideally someone with deep understanding of Bitcoin, but if that deep understanding doesn't include an appreciation for all of the dynamics, such that they are caught scratching their heads over how the current situation unfolds, that suggests their understanding of the system wasn't quite deep enough, or that they were stuck in a mentality applicable to an earlier time but dated for Bitcoin at present. 
The network seems to have a mind of its own, and it will demand its "leaders" consist of those who serve its present needs and understand its current situation. If segwit2x replaces Core as the default client, then it necessarily means that the Core developers failed to grasp how the system works in some fundamental way, or that they failed to respond in a way the system deemed desirable in its current leadership. 
If the network has deemed that political compromise is what it ultimately needs to best further its security and future at this moment, and that this is actually more pressing than the concerns focused upon by Core, then the network has essentially deemed that Core is, by definition, not writing the optimal code, regardless of whether Core is most capable purely at a technical level.
On the other hand, if Core remains the default client, and things unfold as many hope, then that likewise suggests that Core is exactly what the network wants. It is a mistake to think purely in terms of "users." Users represent only one faction, one aspect, of the overall network and its collective will. It is the collective will that will ultimately decide the code, and while it will be devastating to see Core displaced, it will also demonstrate Bitcoin's ability to constantly adjust its leadership according to its needs.  
@_date: 2017-06-04 00:25:03
Well said. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 04:04:41
Like most things that have value, money is a product, and it gets its value the same way every other product does, from its utility. Money doesn't require backing to have value -- its value comes from the self-evident fact that we require it for economic exchange -- nor does it require central banks. It has only required those things historically because until now we have had no way to control people with the power of the printing press from abusing that power and destroying the currency. In other words, you needed precious metal backing, and later central banks, to keep human beings in check. But if human beings aren't in the equation with regard to money creation, gold, silver, and central banks become moot. 
People aren't accustomed to thinking about money as a product that gets its value from its utility in part due to the fact that national currencies are monopolies. We are used to consumer products having competition, so we can evaluate the relative pros and cons of the utility of each good by comparing it against the alternatives. Modern fiat money has no competition, so there is nothing to compare it to, and therefore no way to evaluate how good its utility is. 
Since we don't have a choice but to use our national currency, we tend not to think of ourselves as purchasing money when we sell our goods or services or our labor. And when we take loans, or use credit cards, we tend not to think of ourselves as purchasing money by selling debt. 
That is to say, because we measure all value in terms of our national currencies, it is not easy to measure the value of these currencies themselves, and thus we grow so accustomed to them just magically having value somehow, that we ask questions like, "what gives them value?"
What gives money value is that it is the most liquid asset in society and therefore facilitates easy economic exchange. It is the oil of the economic engine, and it should be self-evident to all of us why money is valued given how much we use and rely upon it. We need it to do virtually anything of economic significance. We could live without it, but trying to buy a coffee by selling your home would probably be a headache. Money is a technology, like language or roads, and its purpose is to make economic exchange easy. Without it economies would stagnate and grind to a halt. We don't need money because it has value, it has value because we need its utility. 
So money is a product, a product that provides liquidity in our economic lives and it is a product that is traditionally sold by banks. Banks are like a company selling plastic dolls. They can create as many dolls as they want, as long as there are customers willing to purchase them at a price above cost. When banks sell money, they do so in exchange for some other asset. When banks "lend money," what they are doing is selling their product in exchange for debt, which is a financial asset that has value. As long as the sum value of a bank's assets outweighs the sum value of the amount of money they have sold, they are considered solvent, same way as the amount of money the plastic doll company has made from sales (i.e., its assets) must outweigh the sum costs of having produced the dolls. 
Money doesn't need to be backed by anything to have value. As I have argued, it has value because of its utility. However, if money is backed by some other asset -- and in this context we mean that the money can be exchanged on demand for that asset at a fixed ratio -- then it lends confidence that the currency will always at least maintain a value more or less at least as high as the value of whatever is backing it. It also helps combat inflation, because new currency cannot be produced without a corresponding increase in reserves of the backing asset. In other words, it prevents bankers from just printing up as much money as they can, selling it at ever increasingly cheaper prices, and causing the currency to lose its value and eventually becoming worthless. 
But because the real value of money comes from its utility, if a society already has confidence in a currency, then backing the currency isn't required as long as all the banks act as a cartel and agree to sell the currency at a more or less agreed upon price. That is, precious metal backing was only required as long as there was nothing else to keep the bankers from creating too much money. But once the bankers all got together and agreed to all follow the same rules -- i.e., once central banks were born -- things like the gold standard weren't required. 
Again, go back to the plastic doll company. If there were many plastic doll companies all selling the same doll in competition with one another, if one of those companies decided to sell the doll for next to nothing, all the companies would go out of business. But if they all got together and agreed upon the price they would guarantee the industry remained profitable. That is what central banks do for the banking system. It is a cartel born out of the fact that they are all selling the same product, a product that would quickly become worthless if they didn't act in concert. 
Without central banks, without a cartel, banks would have no choice but to back their banknotes with something like gold in order to preserve the value of the currency, keep banks in check, and lend confidence to the system. But with central banks, none of that is required. 
Put simply, the whole purpose of backing a currency with gold is *exactly the same purpose* as having central banks: it is to keep bankers who have the power to create money from abusing that power and destroying the currency. (Of course, many would argue that since central bankers are themselves bankers, they eventually will do just that anyway, just on a grander scale.) But when you don't have bankers with this arbitrary power, you don't require these safeguards. 
 
Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are a new paradigm in money because by virtue of being decentralized networks where the issuance of the currency is set by the protocol, the money becomes a product sold by the network. No human beings are given the power of the printing press. Since the money from these systems isn't being produced and sold by human beings, there is no need to try to control their profligate tendencies using gold backing or central banks. But gold standards and central banks never gave money its value, that came from its utility. And with cryptocurrency, that utility just got a steroid injection.   
@_date: 2017-06-21 00:31:35
If Core merges the 2x into Segwit, then the civil war ends and Bitcoin scales and moon. If they don't, one of the following scenarios will occur three months after segwit activation:
1) The NY agreement falls apart somehow and the segwit2x hard fork never happens.
2) Core accepts the 2mb increase, and the network hard forks in a 2mb increase. 
3) Core refuses the 2mb increase and the network splits in two.
Ultimately, it boils down to how unified the segwit2x agreement is and how strong of a movement they end up building behind it. If the economic majority and the miners are strongly committed to seeing it through, and the success of the agreement ends up gaining a lot of community support, then not much can stop the 2mb increase.
On the other hand, if the resolve of the NY agreement participants is weak, you could very well have a scenario where some begin to pull out, perhaps even enough so that the hard fork never occurs. You could have a scenario, for example, where large chunks of the mining community basically stab Jihan in the back (which wouldn't be surprising at all). You could have a scenario where the members agree to upgrade segwit2x and hard fork, but then no one actually runs the software other than Jihan. In other words, you could have a scenario where participants in the agreement are simply pretending to honor the agreement to get segwit approved, but secretly have no intention of actually seeing it all the way through. 
@_date: 2017-06-02 21:15:01


 [Gavin Andresen, 2010](
@_date: 2019-05-30 15:50:16


This is a really good point. I think you are right, but I also think that there is something evolutionary over growth, in traditional economic terms, that Facebook and similar 21st century network effects represent. Facebook did require a tremendous amount of growth, but that growth came in the form of users doing most of the "work," so to speak, in terms of uploading data, sharing, connecting with one another, and bringing other users on board; so labor, employment, and consumption in traditional terms didn't apply. This is one reason there was so much skepticism about these platforms in their early days from investors, because they had no revenue model in traditional terms. Nothing like that kind of growth was really possible prior to the 21st century, and these new types of economic dynamics are what younger people intuit and older people generally don't, which is one reason younger people more easily intuit bitcoin. Crypto is grounding these kinds of network effects into economic reality which has the potential to ultimately usurp corporations and institutions as the primary social structures by which economic collaboration becomes possible. Crypto opens up the possibility of financializing network platforms so that they are economically sustainable without requiring revenue models that really belong to the old world (e.g., selling user data). These views aren't popular now because of the ICO bust, but I expect eventually the intuition that led to the ICO craze will return, only more mature and more powerful once rooted in a more mature and liquid environment.   
But none of this really has a place under a bitcoin maximalist scenario because the maximalist scenario is really just one in which we have a new global currency, but everything else pretty much remains the same. In their view we will still depend on traditional institutional structures, only bitcoin will be the underlying currency everyone uses. Yes, they recognize the implications that having a single hard global currency will have on the world, but most of those implications seem to fall along the lines of restraining growth and progress, not accelerating it. 
I spoke earlier of the current fiat system as being like a highway without a speed limit, and in many ways the bitcoin maximalist is like someone who wants to impose a speed limit. But in my view, crypto more broadly will remove the highway, give us flying cars with smart technology that avoids accidents, and allow us to drive much faster without the pitfalls currently associated with the 20th century. It is capable of moving the world into even greater progress, with more solutions to our global problems (like climate change), than the fiat system is capable of producing IMO.


Growth means any kind of economic progress. Basically, everything that has happened between today and the time of the cave man. 


Yes, but recall that this conversation started around the issue of deflation, and I argued that the real problem with deflation---at least in the existing system---is that is rises the real value of debt. If you borrow 1 bitcoin because your weekly wages are 0.1 bitcoin and you imagine you will easily be able to pay back the loan with time because of how much you are earning, what happens when your wages are slashed to 0.06 bitcoin because of the rising value of the currency? You still owe 1 bitcoin but now are making less bitcoin, making it more difficult to repay your loan and more likely that you will default. This isn't a problem, or even really relevant, to a post-crypto economy in which we depend on a variety of currencies, because there will be a variety of crypto assets to make that possible, but in a bitcoin maximalist world where you only have bitcoin, and no other currency exists, this is a problem. You could say, "well, we could change loans to be variable such that the amount owed takes deflation into account," but who is going to loan 1 bitcoin if they expect they will only get back .5? The other solution is just to remove lending except for the super rich---again, 15th century finance for a modern world. I don't see that happening.
@_date: 2017-06-20 08:52:55


BIP148 won't stop Segwit2x. The only thing that can stop Segwit2x is if some of the miners pull out, and they won't because Bitmain scared them all with their blog post which was likely Jihan's real purpose for having it written it in the first place. The reason Jihan wants Segwit2x is because he wants the Core devs booted. And as far as I can tell, the only way the Core devs can prevent being booted at this point will be to accept the 2MB increase.  
@_date: 2017-06-08 00:29:38


Enough said. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 14:32:48
Liquidity comes from users. Identities are irrelevant. 
When you go to an exchange to sell your shitcoin, the reason you can't sell it is because very few people use it or want it, there is no market for it. When you can't sell something, it is by definition illiquid. 
On the other hand, if you go to that same exchange, and everyone and their mother wants what you are selling because everyone is using it, then your asset is by definition highly liquid. 
@_date: 2017-06-18 03:16:09
I'm just throwing this out there, it is perhaps a very naive thought:
But if there were some way of gaining time locked cryptographic ownership of mining rigs remotely, cloud mining could distribute the political influence of mining to more people. Have no idea if something like that is possible.
@_date: 2017-06-02 22:17:03
1) A lot of fools get separated from their money by making the mistake of equating a whitepaper with reality. 
2) Irrelevant. The critical point is that exchanges -- i.e., the economic majority -- have the power to decide the fate of the network, regardless of where hashing power lines up. Whether they chose to act on this power is another matter, but your claim that hash power is the only thing that matters may make sense theoretically, but reality begs to differ. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 16:44:58
Hi Roger.
@_date: 2017-06-14 12:08:50
Talking about meatspace connected smart contracts in 2017 is like talking about online streaming video in 1995. We have a long ways before any of that begins to become concrete. But just as in 1995 people could already see what was coming -- while there were plenty of naysayers insisting that high quality video on the internet would never happen -- the block chain meatspace stuff will, I have little doubt, eventually happen. 
The more immediate use of smart contracts, however, is in the creation of higher order financial instruments and services beyond money. Bonds, shares, derivatives, swaps, user-generated currencies, decentralized banks, decentralized exchanges, decentralized prediction markets, identity management systems, digital art scarcity, etc. Understandably, those who would prefer a world where everyone walked around with pouches of gold coins don't find any of this appealing. 
@_date: 2017-06-20 06:18:15
Blockchain networks like Bitcoin will ultimately become global, transnational, monetary and financial *systems.* They will replace 20th century models. You won't have financial systems centered around meat space locations like London or Hong Kong, Finance will instead be centered around the competing blockchain networks. 
When you will speak about the Bitcoin network, you won't just be talking about the base layer that we know today as 'Bitcoin.' You will be talking about all of the layers built on top and around that base layer, the various payment networks and financial instruments that resolve on the base layer, the side chains that rely on it, the decentralized institutions and organizations that are built on these side chains; the lending and banking networks, the identity systems, virtual and meatspace property ownership and management networks, secure data systems, shared computing and storage networks, private currency networks, prediction markets, voting systems, and so forth. All of that and more will likely constitute the "Bitcoin Network."
In other words, there are going to be many layers and components of value and utility, and these are all eventually going to depend on the root layer for the final settlement of value. This means that while these various layers and components will have varying security vs utility trade offs, they will all be looking to the root layer to provide ultimate security and trust. 
Put simply, security is Bitcoin's killer app. The endless utility that the network will ultimately provide -- including payment channels -- will all look to the root layer in large part for its security, that is what will give it so much value, that is what will inspire more systems to depend on it. 
This is why the effort to increase the base layer's utility at the expense of its security is somewhat misguided, because *its utility is its security*. It's primary utility isn't fast and cheap payments because that can be achieved by another layer that is specifically designed for that purpose. The base layer's primary purpose, its utility, is to provide confidence and security to all the layers built around it. 
I think the view I am expressing here, or some variant of it, is becoming more popular. People didn't grasp this early on because they lacked a broader vision of what these networks represent. They wanted the base layer to do everything because they didn't imagine there ever would be anything beyond the base layer. But I suspect the explosion of innovation in the general crypto space is beginning to give more people a sense of the larger picture. 
@_date: 2017-06-08 16:53:46
Something that is trying to be money will not acquire lasting value if it can't actually be used as money. Something that is trying to be digital gold will not acquire lasting value if it has no intrinsic value (the essential property of gold as a financial instrument). Something that is trying to be both will not acquire lasting value if it acts as neither. 
Gold is a commodity. The base commodity in Bitcoin -- in any block chain -- is block inclusion. Another way of saying it is that the commodity in Bitcoin are entries in the global ledger. If you imagine it like a golden book that everyone is sharing to record their balances, getting your balance included in this book is the scarce resource that everyone wants. In order to pay for this block inclusion, you must use the currency known as bitcoin. The higher the demand for block inclusion and the lower the supply (i.e., space in blocks), the higher the cost of having your information recorded in the block chain. That cost is referred to as "fees," which are actually the market price for block inclusion. 
There is a reason it is the "blockchain," not bitcoin, that has everyone in finance so excited. This invention is intrinsically valuable the same way the wheel or the internet is valuable. A digital currency is just a digital currency, but when it is backed by the blockchain it becomes important. 
What do we mean by "backed by the blockchain?" (I'm using the term 'backed' quite loosely in this context.) What is meant is that bitcoin is required to use its block chain, and so it is backed by the block chain the same way the US dollar is backed by the United States government. In order to pay the US government taxes you must use the US dollar. This guarantees that the US dollar always has an intrinsic value as long as taxes exist. With the Bitcoin block chain, since using it requires bitcoin, so as long as the Bitcoin block chain has value, its respective currency will always have value. 
Put simply, it is the block chain, not the currency bitcoin, that possesses intrinsic value, and it is therefore the scarce resource of block space that is best likened to "digital gold," not bitcoins themselves. This isn't to say that bitcoin gets its value from the block chain alone, only that the block chain is the "intrinsically valuable" part. When we speak of gold as a financial asset, it is the fact that it is intrinsically valuable that makes it special. In bitcoin's case, it is the block chain that gives it intrinsic value, and therefore to whatever extent bitcoin can be called "digital gold" is to whatever extent the block chain is valued. 
The current situation with Bitcoin -- where the vast majority of uses for the block chain are confined to making bitcoin transactions, and where any additional uses for the block chain are actively discouraged by keeping block space scarce -- makes it difficult for people to realize block inclusion is the commodity and that bitcoin is backed by it. This is because, in Bitcoin's case, the value of the block chain is being determined almost entirely by the value of bitcoin. But you can see in the case of other cryptos, such as Ethereum, that the use of blockchain for purposes beyond simple transactions is inevitably part of this technology's future -- whether that takes place on the main chain or on side chains -- and so it is easy to conceive of a day when the uses of blockchain are so varied, and when enough services depend upon it, that block inclusion will have a value that is independent of the need to make raw financial transactions of the base currency. It is at that point that it will be plain to see that the base currency possesses intrinsic value, regardless of whether people use it in ordinary commerce, because it will be required to actually use the blockchain. 
That is the point where such a base currency becomes "digital gold," not before. Put simply, for a base cryptocurrency like bitcoin to attain anything like "digital gold" status, its underlying block chain must be so highly valued and indispensable to society, that the currency is seen to have "intrinsic" value regardless of whether anyone uses it as money, simply because people *need* it in order to use its respective block chain. At that point, and at that point alone, will people hold it as a store of value. Gold possesses "intrinsic" value because it has essential uses beyond its use as money. Until Bitcoin achieves a similar status, it cannot be considered gold-like.
**So Bitcoin cannot become "digital gold" until and unless its block chain becomes indispensable to society. But its block chain will never become indispensable to society if it is too expensive, anymore than cars would have become indispensable had each car cost a billion dollars to purchase. If it never becomes indispensable, due to high costs, it will never achieve the "digital gold" status that would justify the high price of block inclusion in the first place.**
There are many people in this space who are only now beginning to ponder money and economics, and it is natural during an early examination of this subject to conclude that certain assets can act as stores of value simply because their utility is to act as a store of value. But no such assets exist, nor ever will. 
 
There are other people, myself included, that believe that if the block chain becomes too big, the centralizing pressures upon it will simply turn it into an expensive database, at which point it loses the very qualities that makes it valuable in the first place. 
And there are other people who rightly argue that *the more expensive the block chain is, the less useful it becomes.* And the less useful it is, the less demand there is for it; and the less demand there is for it, the less valuable it becomes; and the less valuable it becomes, the less security it has; and the less security it has, the less valuable it becomes. This is hard to argue against. 
Put quite simply, what you want is to minimize centralization while maximizing demand. Since one always compromises the other, if no technological solutions can be found to change that equation, you must seek a perfect balance between the two. If you only prioritize one at the expense of the other, Bitcoin will suffer. 
There is no scientific way to determine this balance, because the balance is not a technological question alone, it is also an economic one, and economics is, unfortunately, not entirely scientific. Economic actors who want larger blocks -- primarily miners -- are just as important to the overall equation of where lies the perfect balance as are Core developers who are mainly focused on technological concerns. Core developers are simply not equipped to measure the economics of the ecosystem, and economic players are not equipped to measure the technological issues. That is precisely why a compromise will actually result in the optimal solution, because none of the parties -- whether it be miners and exchanges, or users and investors, or developers and coders -- are in the position to see the complete picture.
The complete picture is precisely what is being expressed in a compromise solution. It is the forest versus the trees. If more or less everyone can live with it, it means that the ecosystem has organically arrived at that perfect balance between maximizing block space and minimizing harm to the block chain's security. It seems to me -- and this has always been my position -- that that compromise is broadly understood to be SegWit + 2mb hard fork. That is, in my opinion, the best path forward to maximize the probability of Bitcoin's long-term success. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 21:25:27


Ultimately, the miner is not paying in electricity, they are paying in electricity bills, which require fiat payments. The fiat money you spent paying for that electricity simply goes to the electric company who then turns around and spends that money in other ways. Likewise, with a token ICO, the bitcoin you use buying the new coin goes to the coin issuer who then turns around and spends that money in other ways. 
In both scenarios, new currency in the form of tokens enters the economy, but old money is not removed from the economy either. So I'm not entirely comfortable with the idea that Bitcoin represents proof-of-burn. Proof-of-burn would mean the fiat costs of mining would see the fiat money itself destroyed.  
In your Counterparty example -- which was also an ICO -- bitcoin was literally removed from circulation with no possibility of ever returning to the economy. It is a genuine example of proof-of-burn and a very interesting distinction you bring up. I'm just not sure it is applicable to Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-06-19 15:36:29
So assuming Segwitx2 happens and then later they go ahead with the 2mb hard fork increase, what exactly is being increased if MAX_BLOCK_BASE_SIZE no longer does anything?
@_date: 2017-06-07 02:42:49
There is no such thing as an asset whose only use or purpose for being is as a store of value. There is no such thing as inherent value -- it isn't an objective existent -- and therefore there is no way for something to "store" it, the way a container stores liquid. Things become "stores of value" because it is felt that their value is reliably guaranteed from their utility and desirability in society. Even debt works this way. Arbitrary "assets" that temporarily acquire value from speculation alone, despite not having any utility, are what we call "pyramid schemes" -- the last thing one might consider a "store of value." If Bitcoin has no utility, then that is essentially what it becomes. 
If everyone is using Ethereum or some other network, and no one uses Bitcoin anymore -- it isn't required, it isn't accepted as payment anywhere, no crypto projects use it, the public has long since forgotten about it, and its network effect has entirely disappeared -- if it isn't useful in any way beyond being a speculative instrument, then it won't be a good speculative instrument and speculators will abandon it. Speculators and investors give assets increased value because they think that asset is going to increase in value in the future due to increase demand for its utility. If it has no utility, what chance is there that demand for it will increase in the future?
Perhaps some would like it if the market could occasionally act like a cartel and collectively decide to give some arbitrary asset -- say elephant dung -- value and collectively agree never to sell so that it maintains its value. But the problem is, if you can't sell it, it doesn't have value, and as soon as someone starts selling their elephant dung -- which has no value aside from everyone else pretending it does -- everyone else is going to want to do the same before it is too late to get out. Unless elephant dung has some utility, such that as soon as the price drops beyond a certain point it makes sense to buy it for its utility, its price will continue drop. It is the utility that guarantees it will always have at least some value, and that guarantee that provides the market confidence to treat it as a store of value in the first place. As long as Bitcoin has utility, it will have value. 
Bitcoin is an extremely volatile asset and a high risk investment. It is, if anything, the exact opposite of what you would call a reliable "store of value." The longer Bitcoin survives, the more people begin to have confidence in it and shed the idea of it as a fad. This is extremely important, but we are talking about a new technology here that is largely unproven in most people's eyes. The skepticism is rooted in the idea that it might not ultimately be useful for anything. If Bitcoin increasingly becomes less and less useful, the skepticism is largely being affirmed. The more skepticism, the less anyone will trust it as a "store of value."
The last thing we need is for the market to come to the conclusion that Bitcoin cannot scale and therefore has no future. If such a conclusion were ever to be made, Bitcoin would quickly lose its value as speculators and investors exited for an alternative with a more promising future. As the price slowly evaporated, Bitcoin would lose whatever reputation it has managed to achieve as a "store of value." The idea that Bitcoin might be a store of value is coming from the steady, and unrelenting, appreciation of value over its lifespan. You take that price appreciation away, however, and you also take away this growing reputation of it as a store of value. 
Doing nothing is potentially the most dangerous thing we could do to the future of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:45:24
What a terrific explanation. $1 @_date: 2017-06-15 06:31:16
In the early days, the Bitcoin community was one. Nevertheless, people had different views on what was most exciting about Bitcoin. For some, it was a revolutionary payment network that allowed you to send a million dollars to anyone in the world, peer-to-peer, for a fraction of a penny. For others, it was a game changing censorship-resistant form of money, that by virtue of being decentralized, tamper-proof, and not easily taken down by government, could undermine the fiat system. Essentially, some were excited about it as a medium of exchange, others were excited about it as a store of value. 
These two groups coexisted in harmony, they saw no reason to argue, and they were all in it together. It was one big circle jerk, and the Bitcoin community was nearly a utopia if not for all the naysayers who were constantly making fun of how naive they all were. 
But then one day it suddenly dawned on everyone that Bitcoin couldn't continue to grow without compromising either its functionality as a medium of exchange or its security and decentralization. One had to be prioritized at the expense of the other. 
Those who favored Bitcoin as a medium of exchange envisioned a future in which nodes would be hosted in huge data centers so that transaction fees could remain as cheap as possible. They argued that adoption would provide the security Bitcoin needed, that once everyone was using it governments simply wouldn't be able to shut it down. They felt that cheap transactions were Bitcoin's killer app, and that everyone would want to use it for just this reason. 
The other side wanted to guarantee that anyone could run a node. They argued that a huge block chain would be more difficult to propagate around the network and would lead to advantages for big miners over smaller miners, leading to more mining centralization. They felt large data centers for nodes made Bitcoin just a step away from what we already have with centralized databases, and that the fate of previous centralized digital currencies which were shut down by governments should warn us to the real threat of compromising Bitcoin's security.
So at some point the pro-medium of exchange camp began to panic as blocks were nearing capacity. The pro-security camp saw no real immediate problem with this. This panic lead the pro-medium of exchangers to act rashly and the Core developers who belonged in this camp attempted a coup to assume control of the project. When their efforts failed, they either got booted out of Core or quit, leaving the project mostly dominated by developers who favored the security/decentralization side of things. 
This coup was so threatening at the time that the moderator of r/bitcoin, who favored the security camp, began a policy of censorship on the forum which was inevitably biased against the pro-medium of exchange followers who had supported the coup, leading many of them to get thrown into exile along with their leaders. That is when they started their own subreddit, r/btc, and the Bitcoin community -- which had once been one big kumbaya -- was forever fractured. 
Meanwhile, the mining community had become increasingly centralized, with huge portions of the global hash rate belonging to a few businesses in China. These businesses -- the most notorious of which is Jihan Wu's Bitmain -- quickly realized that they belonged with the pro-medium of exchange camp. After all, centralization was good for them and so were larger blocks, since larger blocks meant more fees in the long run. Remember, the pro-medium of exchange group's vision was of a Bitcoin run in huge data centers with low on-chain transaction fees. This lined up perfectly with the goals of Bitmain and the other massive Chinese firms. 
And also remember that now Core was made up primarily of pro-decentralization advocates, putting their priorities directly in conflict with the behemoth companies in China. Since changes to the Core protocol can't be implemented without miner support, this presented a real problem. Core's solution to scaling was quite ingenious, for it not only made for more capacity in blocks, but also paved the way for 2nd layer scaling solutions that would allow for cheap transactions but also not compromise the decentralization of the block chain. But these solutions would directly take business away from the big miners, as well as discourage further centralization which for companies that are looking to dominate the market was a threat. 
Meanwhile, while Bitcoin was twiddling its thumbs, the altcoins were silently innovating. And though few in the Bitcoin community payed them much attention, when the hype cycle of 2017 began Bitcoin was caught with its pants down. All this time it hadn't been innovating because of the scaling war -- there has been a lot of innovation, but mostly stuff invisible to the end user or sitting on the table not actualized because of the scaling war -- and additionally the huge influx of new users from the hype cycle were driving fees through the roof toward the point of insanity. In other words, Bitcoin wasn't ready for its next hype cycle, and this realization as altcoins enjoyed the lion's share of the gains, forced the community to become fed up. 
It was also discovered that Bitmain was actively exploiting a bug in the software -- a bug that they were actively blocking from being patched -- to further drive their competition out of business and finalize centralization. The pro-medium of exchange camp shrugged their shoulders, but the pro-decentralization camp couldn't take anymore. So they reacted by calling for everyone to upgrade their nodes to a software version that -- if overwhelmingly accepted -- would force through the changes Core had proposed way back. If everyone upgraded, the miners would have no choice but to relent, for there is no point in mining a bitcoin no one is using.
The problem is, there is no way everyone would upgrade their nodes in this way, because the community was divided into two camps. It wasn't the community versus the miners, it was the pro-decentralization camp, potentially backed by small miners who are struggling to compete, versus the pro-medium of exchange camp potentially backed by the huge Chinese firms. 
So the chain is likely going to split in two, and the split is going to directly reflect the values of the two respective camps going back to the beginning. One chain will likely be backed by diversity of small miners, the other by a few huge mining companies. One chain will likely run code written by the pro-decentralization Core developers and will have smaller capacity, the other will be largely be under the control of a single company, Bitmain, and will have huge capacity.
In other words, both sides will get exactly what they have always wanted. One camp will get huge capacity with the downside of Bitcoin being controlled by one or two companies in China; the other side will get a return to decentralization, with the downside of less capacity. But the problem is, which chain gets to be called the real Bitcoin? Furthermore, how can they coexist when they both rely on the same security algorithm? It's like if a company split, but none of the passwords were changed. Because they will both be fighting over the name 'Bitcoin,' each side will do everything in their power to destroy the other side. This will cause absolute chaos. It would be nice if they could peacefully both go their separate ways, but as long as that name is up for grabs, this isn't possible. Each side will seek to eliminate the other, so that they might become the one and only 'Bitcoin.'
This is where the exchanges and payment processors come into the equation. As long as two chains exist, they are the ones who will have the power to decide which to call 'Bitcoin.' But this is the last thing they want to see. As far as they are concerned, a split Bitcoin is itself a disaster. A disaster because of the profound loss of confidence that will potentially occur regarding cryptocurrency in general. So they are in a panic, and are desperately trying to orchestrate a compromise solution to keep Bitcoin unified. They are fed up with the Core devs for not having prevented this situation in the first place and so they are trying to take matters into their own hands. 
But there isn't time, and to make matters worse, any compromise they offer would essentially remove the Core developers -- who are world class developers -- from their position and replace them with a few hacks trying to do a years worth of work and testing in a couple months. Essentially it would be a coup, and it would be a coup that would so enrage a large portion of the community that it would inevitably result in a chain split and a loss of confidence in the currency, the very things they are trying to avoid. 
Finally, today the CEO of the largest Chinese mining firm, Jihan Wu, issued a long blog post in which he outlined his plans for Bitcoin once he assumes control of the network. It was so terrifying a read for many in the community, that it has many wondering if Bitcoin isn't a failed experiment. It essentially ended the idea of compromise in many people's minds, and ended the complacency of others, and finally brought home how profoundly dangerous centralization can be. I think the community is now prepared to take more radical steps.   
Hope all of this helps. 
 
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:14:37
People are always saying Bitcoin is dead. But what doesn't kill Bitcoin only makes it stronger. Ethereum isn't going to kill Bitcoin. Just the opposite, in fact. Ethereum is exactly what Bitcoin needed. 
@_date: 2019-05-12 16:22:46
And this at a time when they want to force everyone to use bank accounts, eliminate cash, and impose negative interest rates. 
They want absolute power over our lives by making it impossible to use money without going through them. Not only will they know everything we do, but they will have the power to turn us into homeless people with a push of a button if we don't abide by their will. And, as if that is not bad enough, they intend to charge us for the privilege.
@_date: 2017-06-17 00:46:24


Yes, I already acknowledged that in my initial post. The value of bitcoin at its launch was very nearly zero. But it wasn't zero, and that is the point. While it certainly would have been difficult to translate the amount of fiat money that was being spent on bitcoin mining if you only did it for a couple minutes, extended over time the additional use of electricity would have shown up in your electricity bill, if only in an increase by a few dollars or cents. 


I also acknowledged that this is a difference, but it is not relevant to the claim I am making which is that an ICO involves the creation of a new currency/token and its exchange for some other currency/asset of value that thereby gives it market value. This is true in the case of modern ICOs, it was true with Counterparty, and it was true with bitcoin, though it's hardest for people to see in Bitcoin's case. There may be different legal implications between an ICO done the way Counterparty's was done but that is a separate issue. I'm not trying to argue the law (though I do find it ironic that bitcoiners are now suddenly champions of the State). Fundamentally, people *paid for Counterparty tokens* in bitcoin, just as people paid for Bancor tokens in ether. The fact that the issuer chose to burn that bitcoin rather than buy a new lamborghini with them, or use them to fund further development, is a separate matter. 
Finally, you seem to be implying that Satoshi did Bitcoin so substantially differently than these contemporary ICOs that he neither would have gotten in trouble with the law nor got rich. With regard to the latter, it is obvious that Satoshi is one of, if not the richest people in the crypto space! With regard to the former -- and I am no lawyer -- it is widely acknowledged that Satoshi's choice to remain anonymous was at least in part influenced by the fact that he knew he would immediately get in trouble with the law. I'm not sure I see where the real difference is. 
@_date: 2017-06-03 05:32:08


You underestimate Litecoin.


Right now we are at a critical point where there is a massive influx of money coming into the space, in large part from investors who have very little understanding of how bitcoin even works, never mind what a UASF is. The last thing exchanges want is mass chaos, where no one knows which chain is the real Bitcoin, one exchange labeling the legacy chain "Bitcoin" and another considering "Bitcoin" to be the BIP148 chain. Further, the last thing exchanges want for their long term success is the crushing blow to Bitcoin's reputation a reorg would cause, or the combination of a chain split, 2 versions of Bitcoin, and a subsequent reorg of one of these versions. If the legacy chain hard forks and sets a checkpoint, exchanges won't want to be in disagreement about which chain is "Bitcoin."The chaos would humiliate the entire industry. Exchanges want *more* interest in cryptocurrency, not a complete loss of faith in the whole concept. It is in exchanges collective interests that Bitcoin remain one coin, and that the public remain largely ignorant that there was even ever any danger. 
Therefore, it is reasonable to assume exchanges will likely have to collectively choose which chain they are going to call "Bitcoin" and this decision alone will signal to markets which is the more valuable chain. Particularly if they chose to label the 2nd chain something obscure that no one recognizes, demoting it to the status of a shitcoin. 
And it is also not entirely unreasonable to suspect that exchanges may collectively decide to simply ignore whichever chain they chose not to favor, refusing to accept or trade in it and effectively economically suffocating it to the point miners simply cannot afford to continue to support it. 
Exchanges are gods in this situation, and they possess the power to collectively decide which chain becomes Bitcoin, they need only exercise that power. 
@_date: 2017-06-17 20:32:40


You just said that my argument that people paid fiat for bitcoin was correct, but now you are saying it is incorrect because they didn't really pay fiat because electricity was lost. Which is it, did you pay for the electricity or not?
You seem to be admitting that you paid for the electricity, but discounting it because you would have used your computer to play video games if you weren't mining bitcoin:


If the regular Joe doesn't run his PC, he spent less money on electricity. If instead of bitcoin he burnt electricity running some other application, then he is spending the money on some other application. A person can chose to take their $5 and buy some ICO tokens, or they can take their $5 and buy a candy bar. That's their choice, but it doesn't have any relevance to whether the ICO was an ICO. 
 *The only question that has to be answered is did you, or did you not, pay to mine bitcoin?* That's the only relevant question. 


The definition is secondary to what underlies it. You can call a tree a bush if you like, and insist they are entirely different things, but the underlying reality of the thing remains what it is regardless of how you "define" it. The underlying reality of an ICO is the creation of money/credit. 
Now it seems you have a special definition of an ICO, and that the entirety of your arguments come down to defending this definition presumably because you really dislike the practice of modern ICO, feel they are scams, and lack moral clarity the way Bitcoin does. Presumably you resent the two being likened. If I understand you correctly, you are defining an ICO as something like private individuals/companies selling a token they created, usually in order to get rich. 
But I'm not really interested in the moral argument here -- whether Bitcoin was done more ethically than these modern ICOs -- I am simply interested in the economic one. And I would argue that your definition of an ICO -- the creation and sale of a token -- is actually very close to the definition of bank lending (i.e., credit creation) and that if you dig deeper, you realize that even Bitcoin is a form of credit creation. 


And how do you know some of these ICOs are not incredible inventions and that their wealth is not also well deserved? You don't.


Note that I never said the Counterparty developers "sold" the token, only that people "paid" for it. People who wanted to get a hold of Counterparty tokens had to part with their bitcoin. They had to *pay* for the tokens, they weren't just given the tokens for free. Or are you suggesting they were given the tokens for free? The only question is: did it cost people money to get Counterparty tokens or not?


I assume the developers of the protocol. [Wikipedia page on Counterparty.]( 
@_date: 2016-05-01 20:33:42
You make it sound like the banks aren't made up of people. You never said anything about giving away money to *everyone* for free! 
But let's say they did do that, they did give it away to everyone. What would happen isn't all that different than exactly what is happening today. There would be massive bubbles in prices being created everywhere as everyone simultaneously borrowed money to buy things. If everyone can simultaneously afford the same home, the value of that home is going to go up! Many people would buy houses and electronics and things they could only possibly repay by reselling the purchased items at a higher price than they bought them for. Fortunately, with inflation out of control, reselling things at a higher price would actually be possible, as long as the bubble lasted. 
Because everything, other than money itself, would be going massively up in value, people who weren't investing their money to keep up with inflation would be screwed and would be forced to borrow more money just to get by, putting it all on the credit card. Then someone would default and the bank's balance sheets wouldn't add up and they would stop lending. Without the banks lending more money for free, everyone who needed the free money to rollover their debts would default. The value of money would begin to rise as people could no longer get it cheaply and the real value of everyone else's debts would skyrocket, causing massive defaults across the board. The whole economy would collapse. This is precisely what happened with the housing market bubble on a much smaller scale. And it is exactly what is happening now with speculative assets like stocks, only we are still within the bubble. 
The *only* difference is that in today's scenario, the free money is reserved, as you said, for the rich, for the bankers, so the speculative bubbles being created is concentrated primarily around things rich people buy. It is still going to devastate society when it collapses and is really no different in its basic chemistry than the hypothetical scenario of free money for everyone, only that would be more extreme. 
So it isn't fair to say I'm "wrong." Free money is free money, just because isn't being given away to everyone doesn't change its harmful effects. 
@_date: 2017-06-02 23:12:12
You don't know what I want. 
@_date: 2017-06-27 15:03:17
Exactly. It reminds me of when Roger Ver claimed to want a block size increase to lower transaction fees, and then fought to block segwit whose primary effect would have been to lower transaction fees. It just belies the fact that his true intent was never *just* to lower transaction fees.  
A similar thing is happening with Eric Lombrozo here. He claims to want segwit because it prevents a chain split, but then advocates we pass segwit by essentially causing a chain split. It belies the fact that his real concern is not *just* to avoid a chain split. If his true concern was to avoid a chain split, the prudent thing to do would be to upgrade Core to be Segwit2x compatible prior to the deadline so that a hard fork is never required. 
So what is Lombrozo's real concern? What is Roger Ver's, for that matter?
I'd suggest that the real concern is what it always has been, small blocker vs big blocker. One political faction promotes Bitcoin's egalitarianism, the other promotes big power in Bitcoin. It is hard to see this through all of the political spin, but at the end of the day small blockers want to empower the Bitcoin user, the analogue of what is meant by the "people" in a political system. Big blockers, on the other hand, want to empower the powerful, the big miners, the large businesses. What you have is very analogous to the Democrat/Republican split in the United States. And like with traditional politics, each side will make political arguments that aren't actually representative of their true intent.
@_date: 2017-06-07 05:49:55
High fees at layer-1 aren't a problem as long as there are layer-2 networks that provide low fees that allow varied use cases -- and the industries around those use cases -- to innovate and thrive, expand the network, and grow overall demand. Those layer-2 networks aren't being actualized, however, because the layer-1 industry is fearful of the competition and wishes, instead, for the block size to increase -- and for the precedent for expanding layer-1 capacity to be made so that future capacity increases are more likely -- so that it can maximize the use cases that rely on layer-1 rather than being forced to migrate to layer-2 which will lower layer-1's profitability overall. That is what this entire debate really boils down. Ideologues like Roger Ver are really just that, ideologues who aren't really ultimately relevant to the economics of the situation. 
It seems to me that these layer-1 companies are more than capable of expanding their businesses into layer-2, but that's besides the point, as they understand their businesses better than I do, and have considered the future that they perceive is most favorable to them. For whatever reasons, they feel they are better off trying to maximize their existing businesses, rather than expanding, even though their efforts may end up hurting the entire ecosystem in the long run. 
The miners want to maximize supply of their product (i.e., block inclusion) which involves capacity increases, and limit or stagnate the growth of layer-2 industries which would be competitive with them. This is why I disagree with those who argue that miners by definition do only what is best for Bitcoin. The Bitcoin Satoshi developed only represents the base layer of what will eventually becomes an extremely robust and layered network that goes far beyond the base invention. The miners' interests, however, are really only focused on that base layer, and they are actually hostile toward the future expansion of the network. In other words, people are correct in claiming that miners' interests align with Bitcoin's interests, but only insofar as they consider the base layer to be the some total of what Bitcoin is. The problem with Ver, and all the BU folk, is they don't want Bitcoin as a profound ecosystem to grow. They want to desperately hold onto Satoshi's base layer, onto layer-1, as the end all be all. The miners are their allies in this, because ultimately the miners' interests are with maximizing the profitability of the base layer, and perceive further layers as a threat to their profits. Satoshi designed the system in such a way that the miners would always fight for what is best for that base layer system, but he never anticipated layers would be built upon that base layer, layers that the base layer may actually be hostile toward. 
When Satoshi created a peer-to-peer electronic cash system, he was creating the base layer of a financial system. Ultimately, any financial system, whether legacy or crypto, revolves around varying layer's of credit and finality, and peer-to-peer cash represents final settlement in the Bitcoin financial system. But no matter how you proceed, layers will be developed beyond the settlement layer, if for no other reason than that a cash layer of limited supply cannot fulfill the monetary needs of society, and if your network isn't capable of fulfilling those needs, you will be overtaken by another network that can. 
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:17:59
I'm not very familiar with mining or cloud mining, so you will have to excuse me if I have missed something in this analysis. 
I imagine there are three stages to the life of a new mining unit. Stage one would be the period of time it takes for the unit to cover its costs. After that it becomes a pure profit machine, which is stage two. Eventually, as global hash rates increases and/or the price of bitcoin falls, the mining unit fails to bring in more than it costs to run, i.e, stage three.
So what you really want is stage 2, because that is pure profit with no downsides. But there is always the risk that the price of bitcoin will crash, leaving you potentially with no stage 2 whatsoever. You may go straight from stage 1 to stage 3, or worse, you may find yourself simultaneously in stage 1 (trying to cover your costs) and stage 3 (unit is no longer profitable) at the same time. It is conceivable that you may never recover your costs if the market turns horribly south, and if you have a large mining operation this could be disastrous. So mining is potentially a very risky proposition depending on your financial situation and ability to weather downturns in the market.  
But what if you could eliminate this risk by getting someone else to pay for your costs? If you offer cloud mining, then that is exactly what you are doing: someone else will essentially pay for your costs, pay for stage 1, and once their contract ends, you can use the mining unit for yourself and enjoy the pure profit of stage 2. Even if the market turns south you won't have lost anything because your costs have already been covered and the customer will be left holding the bag. If the customer wants to extend their contract into what would normally be stage 2 -- i.e., they want to continue mining even after your costs have been covered -- you simply buy/produce another unit and let them pay for another stage 1. So, unless I have missed something, it seems that **cloud mining's main purpose is to help eliminate the risks associated with mining for these companies.** 
The upside for the renter is that it allows them to mine even if they wouldn't be able to actually run miners themselves. There are a host of reasons people cannot afford to run actual miners, including living in areas where electricity is expensive; living in an apartment where hot, loud miners aren't feasible; living in a hot climate in the middle of summer . . . and so forth. Cloud mining allows anyone who wants to mine to do so. 
The only real downside to the whole enterprise, as far as I can tell, is that renters have to trust these companies, who without any oversight can easily fudge the numbers and screw the customer over in a variety of subtle ways. But if that weren't a risk, and these companies were genuinely 100% honest -- if there was some way to guarantee everything was legit -- then cloud mining would be a win-win for both mining companies and renters alike.  
 
  
@_date: 2017-06-14 01:57:46
Popular demand? Or they want the price to go down so they can buy more . . . 
@_date: 2017-06-20 06:42:56
Yes. Thanks for that clarification.
@_date: 2017-06-18 03:10:37
@_date: 2017-06-12 04:17:56
If a UASF fails, a PoW change is an empty threat. If it succeeds, no PoW change is necessary. 
If a UASF fails, it fails because it lacked sufficient hash power and/or the economic majority ignored it. 
If the UASF chain changes its PoW because it lacks sufficient hash power to survive otherwise, it simply splits off -- becoming an altcoin -- and becomes all but irrelevant to the main network. 
If the UASF chain changes its PoW because the economic majority ignored it,  then the economic majority will be even more inclined to ignore it further -- as the only reason at that point for them to pay the UASF chain any further attention is due to the threat of a reorg. Since changing the PoW algo eliminates that threat, the economic majority can safely ignore the UASF chain entirely. 
On the other hand, if a UASF succeeds, that means the miners had no choice but to relent. That being the case, a PoW change is no longer necessary.
@_date: 2017-06-02 18:20:50
Money is both a store of value and medium of exchange. The two rise in concert, and if one fails, so will the other. This idea that Bitcoin is just fine being a more or less useless digital asset that will just continue to rise in value for no particular reason other than that it continues to rise in value . . . that's called a ponzi scheme, that's not Bitcoin. Bitcoin's role as a store of value cannot be separated from its role as a medium of exchange. 
One of the primary functions of money is to provide liquidity to an economic system. If high fees and slow confirmations are limiting bitcoin's liquidity, then they are limiting bitcoin's use as money.
The idea of bitcoin *as digital gold* only makes sense if bitcoin has utility. The only reason gold has value is because of its utility, either directly or indirectly. Gold has utility in its use in the creation of jewelry and ornaments, gold has a certain utility in electronics, and most importantly, gold has, or had, utility in its use as money. A good deal of gold's current price comes from speculation that it will one day return to being used as money. Indeed, without the sentiment that the current monetary paradigm is on the verge of crisis, and that we will be forced back onto a gold standard, gold wouldn't be nearly as expensive as it is today. Gold gets much of its value by serving as a hedge against fiat, but it only serves in that role because of the belief that it will be used as money in the case of financial collapse. 
So gold is a lot like bitcoin in this regard, whose price is also largely a reflection of the belief that bitcoin will one day be widely adopted as money. But if no one actually believed bitcoin would ever be used as money, it's doubtful it would have much value at all. 
But if bitcoin's value largely comes from its perceived ability to be or become the ultimate form of money, then anything that prevents that from happening is entirely to its detriment, including in its role as a store of value. Money won't retain value if people don't believe it is going to do so, and since bitcoin's value is coming principally from speculation that it will be used as money, if for some reason people begin to doubt that, they will also doubt whether bitcoin can maintain its value. 
The ideal Bitcoin is not only a system that is secure and trustworthy, but is highly liquid as well. Since raising the block size beyond a certain point compromises Bitcoin's security to some degree; since on-chain transaction fees are a flat rate (rather than based on a percentage of the value of the transaction); since on-chain transactions require confirmations; and since low value transactions can theoretically be performed on 2nd layers without confirmations and with low fees -- the ideal Bitcoin is one in which high value transactions occur on-chain (a $10 fee for a $100,000 transaction is trivial) and low value transactions occur on 2nd layers. In this scenario, Bitcoin retains its robust security and high liquidity. 
Therefore, I agree that it isn't inherently a problem that on-chain transactions involve high fees. But it is a problem insofar as we are attempting to do *everything* with on-chain transactions alone. Without 2nd layer technologies, the high fees are stifling varied use cases which require lower fees. These low-fee use cases are vital to Bitcoin's long term success not only because a money that is illiquid will quickly cease to be used as such as long as there are more liquid competitors, but also because every application that builds the Bitcoin ecosystem strengthens the value of the base currency required to use those applications. If these applications can't be built or used because bitcoin is too expensive and slow, the growth of the industry will stagnate and eventually give way to a more liquid network with a larger ecosystem. But the high fees and slow confirmations of the base layer may one day prove to be an asset rather than a liability, as long as 2nd layers can handle the coffee purchases and micro-transactions.
@_date: 2017-06-18 03:46:32


Oh no friend. I believe in crypto . . . more than you probably. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 17:44:29
The reason Ethereum is poised to replace Bitcoin as the  cryptocurrency is not because of transaction fees or confirmation times. If that's all it took, Litecoin wouldn't represent a pale shadow of Bitcoin's market cap. Raising Bitcoin's block size wouldn't have been sufficient to prevent what is happening. 
The real reason Ethereum is on the rise is because of smart contracts and token creation. **The crypto hype cycle of 2013/14 was about the birth of digital money. The hype cycle of 2017 is about the birth of digital credit.** But because the Bitcoin network doesn't do digital credit (at least not very well), Ethereum is benefiting the most from this cycle. Many people disparage the ICO phenomena, but there can be no doubt that the ICO craze is at the heart of the current hype cycle. Virtually all of the ICOs are taking place on Ethereum because Bitcoin doesn't easily allow for this. And while most of the ICOs will probably go nowhere, a few will become gems, and those gems will add to the overall value and desirability of the Ethereum network. 
What Ethereum is demonstrating is that the qualities of the base layer of a network only matter to a degree. The fact that Ethereum is not as immutable as Bitcoin matters, but only to a degree. What matters more -- at least at this stage in the game -- is the fact that permissionless innovation is much more easily achieved within the Ethereum network at the moment than within Bitcoin, leading to an explosion of essentially "user-generated content" while Bitcoin is stuck in a power struggle over the base layer which really shouldn't be up for debate (since that isn't where the meaningful innovation is going to take place anyway). That Bitcoin's base layer is difficult to change is potentially a great feature, but only if the code is in place to allow for rapid innovation beyond that base layer. 
The main threat to Bitcoin has never been a block size increase or the lack of a block size increase -- the main threat has never been a split in the network. The main threat has been stagnation and the loss of innovation to another network. The main reason to want SegWit was not to increase capacity, that is just an added benefit. The main reason is to allow for progress to continue, to allow for new innovation, to allow for lightning network, for side chains, for smart contract platforms. Bitcoin is failing to add intrinsic value to the network by making it difficult for anyone to build upon it, to innovate using it, and to use it for anything beyond making simple currency transactions -- and even those are becoming difficult due to high fees which are also a result of this stagnation. 
There can be no doubt that Roger Ver and Jihan Wu have massively contributed to this stagnation. But it is also certain that some Core developers, like Luke-jr, continually halt progress over their obsession with keeping blocks small and their unwillingness to compromise. The stagnation is due to the rigidity of members of the larger Bitcoin community on both sides who cling to their no-compromise positions over minor issues. Both sides are acting like children and both sides are contributing to the problem. The block size debate -- as a purely technical matter -- is a relatively trivial matter in the larger scheme of things, and if the rise of Ethereum doesn't spell that out for people, I don't know what will. A simple compromise and we can move on toward a bright future, a simple compromise and the important stuff can be built. 
@_date: 2019-05-29 18:30:22
You may be right, and many people do feel that the problems of today's world, including the destruction of the planet, are with its endless hunger for growth. 
But the problem for me is that I look back at history, at how people were living in the past, and I sure wouldn't want to live in that world. What would the world be without the internet, without refrigeration, without transportation, without security, without the social and political freedoms that came with those advancements? What would life be like living in poverty under a dictatorship always worrying that someone more powerful than you would ride into town, rape your daughter, and force you to pay them for the act? None of what we take for granted would be possible without growth. Had the world never evolved from the Middle Ages, we would be stuck in that world, and none of the evolutions that have occurred could have happened without economic progress. 
My hope for the future is not that we will be stuck in our currenty world for centuries without progress. The world we have today is a world I hope someday people will look back on and be thankful they don't have to live in, just like I am with regard to the Middle Ages. But we won't get to that brighter world if we can't progress.
@_date: 2017-06-18 03:03:34
Look, I'm getting tired of this conversation. 
I'm repeating myself, but one last time: Miners today pay for the bitcoin they mine. Jihan Wu doesn't spend the equivalent of millions of USD a month because mining is free. And if it isn't free today, it wasn't free at its inception because nothing has fundamentally changed in the mining algorithm, all that has changed is the scale.
All you have to do is read Satoshi's early posts on the bitcointalk forum to see that he was already spending a lot of time putting together the best mining setups he could and having conversations with people about the best equipment and setups to use. Were these early bitcoiners not spending any money on the endeavor? Where is your cutoff mark? When did bitcoin mining suddenly require expenses? Was there some magical global hash power rate that finally switched it from free to not free? 
The truth is, it always required expenses, they were just negligible in its earliest stages because of scale. But the algorithm was designed by Satoshi to require expense. The entire system depends on that. That's the whole purpose of using proof of work! Are you seriously trying to say proof of work is free??? And if not, at what point do you believe it ceased to be free, because Satoshi certainly didn't decide one day decide to hard fork the code to make it so that mining required expenses, it was that way from the beginning.  
@_date: 2017-06-14 02:27:48
Faith. Faith is the most fundamental and important aspect of any currency. When people accuse Bitcoin of being a religion, that is a very bullish sign. 