@_author: ilovethevalley
@_date: 2016-03-15 18:37:20
While the video is not about the blockchain, I'm sharing it because it's an example of the technology being implemented in the consumer/manufacturer space. Hope you like it!
@_date: 2013-10-11 21:34:38
I had an issue with international wire transfer to Bitstamp through chase, though it was eventually resolved.
Chase's website for wire transfers is confusing and the "Help" button is of little use -- sometimes tells you to hit a button that does not exist on the page.
It took about a week, 4 phone calls to Chase, and a visit to a branch to work it out. Has been fine since. 
One issue (I think) is that I changed my password very soon before I setup a "Wire Recipient" form. My account was locked down for a few days and had to call get access again. 
So Chase must "approve" wire recipients (which is supposed to take a day), for security purposes (a bit annoying, but I can understand the precaution). The initial wire recipient form was "Rejected" and I had to redo the form. However, because all the info was the same as on the rejected form, I could not resubmit. So I had to call again for them to delete the rejected form.
All in all, it made clear to me one of the benefits of Bitcoin --  no middleman.
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:07:28
I read the ~17 page academic paper last night and I thought it was well written and very logical. The paper never says that "Bitcoin is broken," but asserts (in a well laid out way, imo) that Bitcoin is more vulnerable than previously thought.
I am a big supporter of Bitcoin and the notion of a decentralized currency, and I very much want it to succeed. But what concerns me is the (apparent) overwhelming negative reaction to the authors' paper on this subreddit.
While I think some of the negative over-reaction may be due to the headline of "Bitcoin is broken" (which is clearly over-reaching), the vulnerabilities that paper puts forth are real, even if they are not realized. While miners may not act selfishly, the potential is certainly there.
At the end of the day, we all recognize that Bitcoin is a high risk investment, and could crash for a number of reasons (but could certainly succeed highly!). But if Bitcoin suddenly "failed" whether it's from government economic policy or some yet-unforeseen fatal flaw, Bitcoin would still have been a success. It's already proved that a crypto currency can work in a legitimate international economy. And if Bitcoin dies, very intelligent people will begin something a bigger, better replacement.