@_author: ilrockarock
@_date: 2014-01-18 15:50:40
Bitcoin is backed by knowledge just like gold.
You know gold will not rust. If you did not you would not want it.
You know bitcoin can not rust.
The fact that you know bitcoin is very very hard to take away from you.
That you can give it to anyone you like fast and cheaper than other kinds of money both over and outside of the internet. 
A fact that makes it perfect money.
Tell people who want to send money home fast and cheap to their families that they should send gold.
Thats remittance a 450 billion market that gold can never replace bitcoin for.
The fact that you know that there are no chargebacks with bitcoin when sending them online, just like there are no chargebacks with gold when giving it offline etc.
The fact that its not connected and depending on a single country its governments, its economy, just like gold.
And so on.
Knowledge and atoms is what backs Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-01 11:23:41
~~The scheme involves offers of goods or services of little or doubtful value that serve only to promote the scheme (such as information sheets). Check~~ CROSS
Is it "little value" to be able to send money all over the world for free anytime you like? Tell that to the worlds 3% people who live abroad and send or recieve money home.
~~There is a big up-front cost to pay for large quantities of goods. Check~~ CROSS
Nobody needs to pay for any large quantities of goods. You can exchange $10 into Btc or you can sell something you do not need for Btc. Many even get their Btc for free.
~~The promoter makes claims like ‘this is not a pyramid scheme’ or ‘this is totally legal.~~
This logic is so dumb its retarded, as when they used to prosecute people for being witches and one of the biggest give away was that woman denied being a which.
@_date: 2014-01-09 11:48:23
"But for me, the main reason not do this sooner is that it would have
significantly fueled the Bitcoin speculative bubble."
If he is honestly concerned with the stability of the price and do not want to fuel a bubble, he should be pro, doing it when value of Bitcoin declines in order to smooth out the bubble pop.
@_date: 2014-01-18 21:12:42
The stupidity of the world is simply amazing. 
Is ebooks really books? Are words on the screen really words? Are electronic music really real music? 
Is computer art, really real art? Is skateboard, snowboard a sport? 
@_date: 2014-01-18 14:01:32
In that case, they would have to be buying and mining, for the next 20 years.
@_date: 2014-01-18 13:58:49
Thats because she do not understand and know what bitcoin really is, nor banks, fractional reserve banking, creditcards, chargebacks, smartcontracts, micropayments, gametheory, remittance, or monetary history. 
When she do, listen to her than there is value in her opinion. If she do not, her opinion is not worth a dime.
@_date: 2014-01-05 11:43:20
If you know you are going to transfer X amount each months. What you do is you exchange some of that in advance and if price goes up use Bitcoin. If Bitcoin price goes down use bank transfer.
This way you can allways use the cheapest alternative.
Another way to think about it is that Bitcoin is not really meant to be exchanged back and forth into other currencies but meant to be a currency on its own. 
This way, once you get into Bitcoin there would be no need to exchange and pay a fee for that.
Instead you keep the bits and spend them when you are in the US or UK.
Also, If you buy them in US for a lower price than in UK, its cheaper to use Bitcoin when you send from US to UK.
@_date: 2013-12-21 20:22:07
Seriously, should people not be allowed to work for what they want as long as they do so from free will and it does not hurt anyone?
@_date: 2013-12-29 10:07:36
Always, always ask whenever you buy something online or irl if they accept Bitcoin even if its at a big mall or something. 
By doing so you will help remove fear of Bitcoin, as people see there are "normal" people using it and invoke curiosity.
Sometimes 1 to 4 customers is often enough to get a shop owner to accept bitcoins.
Also send emails to shops.
When talking I usually explain Bitcoin something like this.
Its like Skype but for money. You can send your bitcoins for free to anyone in the world in seconds any time of the day.
But Skype is a company the reason Bitcoin its so cheap to send is there is no company behind it that have to make a huge profit on every transaction, its just a open source protocol for sending money like email is for sending email.
There is a limited supply of 21 million that will be made but each coin is divisible in 100 million pieces so its enough for the whole world. The limited supply makes them hold and increase in value over time as opposed to old money that will allways decrease because more money is always printed.
So instead of using more and more money to buy things you will use smaller and smaller amounts. 
Remember the cost of icecream/milk when you where a child? 
Also, tell them you can buy Lamborghini, Mel B from Spicegirls sells her record for it and you can buy space travels on Virgin Galactic.
This illustrates that its not some kind of weird playmoney.
@_date: 2013-12-27 02:52:01
The highs and lows are created by the FRB with elastic money.
1. Banks create new money as loans. This make money go around and everyone is happy for a couple of years.
The roaring 20s. The 80´s.
2. After a while most people who needs and want to borrow  have done so and instead more people start to pay back on their loans than the amount of new loans created. 
Money is now retracted from the economy. This creates lows, makes bubbles pop like housing bubbles and can set of a chain reaction causing a depression.
Keynesian economics appears to be not very needed if banks are not allowed to create debt that is new money something Bitcoin and cryptocurrency makes much more difficult.
There was one country who managed to do well during the depression. That was switzerland. Because they had WIR an alternative currency.
