@_author: im_suicidal_plz_help
@_date: 2018-03-14 01:56:41
I'm a big fan of the EFF however I just cant stop donating to a non-profit I really believe in, just because they support or accept a controversial crypto.
I just think their cause is far more important than crypto politics, and it's not really an endorsement.
@_date: 2018-03-13 13:01:50
I dont mean to be a prude but is it fair to call all alts 'shitcoins'?
I understand the market is flooded with scammy and fraudulent ICOs and coins and BTC is King in this market. But surely some other coins elude the 'shitcoin' label. I might be biased, and please correct me if so, but wouldn't something like Litecoin, Monero or Ethereum be worthy of at least not being included in that label?
When people say Bitcoin and shitcoins, does that refer to all other coins or just a lot of them?
Sorry for my English it's not my first language but I think my question can be  clear to read.
@_date: 2018-03-13 07:43:32
that's quite an exaggeration when comparing open source software to a company like Microsoft. I'm a big Linux fan and I'm very happy to see some more support in the OSS and *nix world.
I wish BSD had a lot more support though because I'd definately use it day-to-day if it had just a little more software and hardware support.
Linux is still better than Windows though. At least its open, transparent, fully customizable and doesn't spy on you!
@_date: 2018-03-13 08:08:57
I'm 100% an investor, not a trader. Because I think about the long term and I dont read charts or gauge trends, I invest based on fundamental research and pick projects I like and believe would have a prosperous future.
TL;DR HODL
@_date: 2018-03-16 11:44:25
Many people underestimate Africa's economy but it's a region experiencing massive growth and crypto can go far once it gains adoption there.
@_date: 2018-03-13 12:55:43
That would be ideal but it's quite a difficult thing to quantify.
Market cap isn't perfect but it does the job for now as it's a simple metric.
@_date: 2018-03-13 08:28:06
I think they've been hacked before and there is a level of suspicion regarding their Tether involvement.
However recently they seem okay and quite reputable given they're one of the largest exchanges in the world by volume.
I don't see any reason not to use them, however as usual I would not recommend leaving large amounts of coins on an exchange. Only transfer what you're going to trade and then transfer back to your wallet unless you're going to trade again soon after.
@_date: 2018-03-13 08:21:16
Can you stop? If you wanted or tried to stop checking prices and news etc for a whole day or week etc, could you?
If not, you likely have a problem.
Is it having any negative effect on your daily life? This can be anything like making you late for work/school and affecting productivity, neglecting your partner, not taking adequate care of your personal health and hygiene, not getting enough sleep, lack of social life etc. All because you were busy or distracted by checking prices or news obsessively.
Those are the two questions you should ask yourself with utmost honesty.
If indeed you say 'No' to the first question or 'Yes' to the second question, there are some ways to cope and try to regain some control over this 'addiction.' I recommend setting a timetable for activities including time for social media and work.
You could try removing price apps from your phone and re-installing it after a period of time or use an app or software to disable internet access for an hour or so each day.
I also recommend having a proper sleep schedule and maybe going for a walk or some fresh air a few times a week minimum.
I have some more ideas but I'm on mobile and it's about to die, so I can add some more later.
I just want to stress that you should be honest with yourself and if you do have a big problem you should also consider seeking professional advice from a psychotherapist or even confide in a trusted and empathetic friend or family member.
@_date: 2018-03-13 08:30:20
They likely wouldn't accept a lot of business proposals. Just head to their website which has contact info.