@_author: imaturo
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:50:41
Well, you may say I'm a dreamer… :P
Well, first of all, they say the Bitcoins are transferred between 5 and 7 business days after the purchase is made. This was two weeks ago. Nowhere on their site is it stated I have to wait 45 days. It does say I might have to wait until five days after the campaign has ended; but they keep pushing the end date for the campaign for later dates, and tomorrow is the fifth day after the end date which was specified when I made the purchase.
Secondly, I don't really think they are “inundated” with emails. The first email I sent them was because I couldn't make the purchase in the first place, Paypal gave an error; they answered that email immediately. Also, every email from a client is obviously important. This is (or was supposed to be, I guess) a business and I gave them a handsome amount of money; they only have something to gain by trying to assure me that everything is in order.
Thirdly, I sent them two very small and polite emails separated by maybe two, three or four days. That's hardly bombarding. And my concerns are legitimate: I gave them my money and they still haven't given me a thing, and they didn't answer my first email.
I don't think this is really different from buying anything else. There is a buffer zone on eBay, for instance: if you buy something and get nothing in return, or if you get the wrong thing or something not as described, then you go to the intermediary and try to work it out with the seller, and if it doesn't work out, someone else makes a decision. How is this really different? A seller on eBay can send stuff out to someone, never get it back and have to give a refund too, just as Crowd Coin could send me Bitcoin and I could make a claim to try to get my money back from Paypal. Once I bought a memory card which was fake; I opened a case and they decided in my favour, which means I kept the (almost useless) card and I got my money back. It's just as irreversible as Bitcoin. I don't think you are making a sound argument. In fact, in this case the seller has my wallet address and he (and everyone else) can see if I got the Bitcoins or not. Paypal could easily confirm that I still don't have the Bitcoins I bought (even though they probably wouldn't for logical reasons). Anyone can see if their address made a transaction to mine. That means I really cannot fake not having received the Bitcoins. How is this so dangerous for a Bitcoin seller? It's as dangerous as selling anything else. They can prove they made the transaction.
So this takes me back to why I thought using Paypal to buy Bitcoins was a good idea: it could potentially protect both me (the buyer) and the seller. If I try to get my money back after getting the Bitcoins, they can prove they sent me the Bitcoins to the specified wallet; and if they don't send me the Bitcoins, I can prove I got nothing for the money I sent them. Bitcoin transactions are all recorded.
Had I known better, I would have put my wallet address in the comment for the Paypal transaction just to make it known to Paypal that that was my wallet. The way it went down, only I and Crowd Coin know which wallet address I sent them.
So, yeah, I think there can be a kind of buffer zone, an intermediary that protects everyone. But maybe that won't be Paypal.
But you know what? I'll wait. You make some sort of point in there somewhere.
I knew there was a chance this might happen and I don't reeeeeally care about losing the money (even though it was all the money I had stored), so I'll wait. But then, if I don't get a thing, and if I were to then tell you that I didn't, I know you would shift from this idea that the startup is very busy and the customers are unreasonable and impacient and you would stop defending them and just plainly say that I was stupid for making this purchase in the first place. And THEN… only then will you be completely right. I think.
@_date: 2013-12-03 19:13:20
Thanks. I guess I'll have to see if I can reverse this on Paypal… what's really annoying me is that I lost the timing for buying Bitcoins because of my own naiveté and over-enthusiasm for getting into Bitcoins. Bliiinded byyy greeeeeeeeeed! =|
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:03:20
Thanks for helping!
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:05:20
Exactly. This was probably quite innocent of me, but I trusted them probably mostly because it was a sponsored Reddit post.
I sent them a message an hour ago to tell them I was going to open a case with Paypal just as a safety procedure, but they still haven't said anything.
Then I tried to open a case with Paypal, but it immediately says the seller isn't available do communicate with me, which means I have to escalate it to an official claim. I was hoping I'd open a case just to let them know I'm waiting for them to come through (apparently a case lasts for 20 days, so I was buying them some time), but this way it would be too “aggressive”. Frankly, I still don't know if they really swindled me (us…), but I was willing to give them the benefit of doubt.
I also tried to open the case because I wanted to get it in the Paypal system that I still haven't received a thing, in case they're thinking of just sending the postcard and then claim that that's what I bought… if the postcard arrives then they'll have proof that we got something, which I was assuming would make things more difficult with Paypal.
I don't know if I should just escalate the claim immediately and try to get something back or if I give them a bit more time. I was also worried that if I didn't open a case immediately they could maybe close their account or move their money out of it or some sort of trick that would make it so Paypal couldn't take anything from them; I don't really know if that's something I have to worry about or if Paypal will have me covered in some way anyway…
Your case is a bit worse, isn't it? I don't really know how that transfer works, but it appears like you just sent them the money and now have really no kind of protection…
Well, thanks for answering and let's keep in touch to see what happens. I won't escalate the claim right now; but tomorrow, I don't know. Maybe. I'll have to sleep on it and give them a bit more time; I'm hoping they might still come through in some way.
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:12:49
Well, as it stands right now it looks like you did the right thing…
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:01:20
Are there many examples of that…? I wasn't aware… anyway, I think I might not be officially screwed yet. But I'm pretty close, yeah.
@_date: 2013-12-03 12:49:13
Hey, did you ever get around to using Crowd Coin? Did you find someone who did? I bought postcards from them more than 2 weeks ago and I still have nothing in my wallet… worse than that is the fact that they aren't answering my emails. The first email I sent them, when I couldn't make the purchase apparently because of some problem on some server, was answered pretty much straight away, but now that I already gave them the money I'm getting nothing…
I posted [this]( to try to get some feedback from other people, but I guess I'm out of luck. So I will probably give it 44 days as someone pointed out that Paypal's user protection is to be used within 45 days of the purchase and then I'll go through Paypal's system.
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:00:27
Hey, man, I'm sorry to bother you, but I just made a new post replying my own original thread regarding the fact that the user you answered, here, has deleted his account. I'd really appreciate it if you could somehow vouch for what I wrote.
@_date: 2013-12-04 23:34:04
The only two things that make me kind of sad and disappointed are that I trusted this site by proxy because it was advertised on Reddit and the fact that I lost my timing to get into Bitcoins… but obviously, I also fell for the fact that there was a possibility that I would get these 10 Bitcoins from their giveaway. I can't really “blame” Reddit, even though it's obviously disappointing. I was silly to fall for this. I could have easily bought Bitcoins through a well known vendor…
But still, ever the optimist, I am hoping that I am making a big deal out of nothing and that they will still come through…
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:02:36
Thanks for your response. But if I do wait those 45 days, am I not putting myself in a position where they could keep the money and send me nothing? I mean, there has to be some mutual trust, here… I thought Paypal was supposed to help with that…
I guess from your comment history that you'll probably just say something like “tough luck”… :P
So, do you think I just have to suck it up and wait and risk not being able to go through Paypal if I get nothing? You see, the real problem here is that they're not answering my emails, that's what's making me worry.
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:04:13
I hadn't found that one. I searched Reddit through Google and found another one, but not that one. I'm on it. Thanks for your help!
@_date: 2013-12-17 12:46:52
Well, last night Paypal decided the dispute in favour of me. And since the exchange rate was better than when I first made the purchase, in the end I actually got €1,30 more than I spent. He, my first Bitcoin gains without ever having held Bitcoin. :P
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:52:36
I knew it.
There was a user commenting here who was quite vehemently and adamantly trying to defend Crowd Coin (or not necessarily or openly Crowd Coin, but their position as seller in this case). His username was I stopped short of accusing his stance and attitude as that of a patsy for the website because I always doubt supposed conspiracies, even more so when they involve me, simply because I don't feel like I'm worthy of being conspired against, so I just answered him the best way I could.
He started by claiming I had to wait 30 days to get the Bitcoins in my wallet, and was then replied to by who pointed out, as is right now still visible, that it would probably be 45 days, as per Paypal's Buyer Protection.
When I answered saying that if I did that I would be putting myself in a risky position, he claimed that I did not understand how Bitcoin transactions work, that they are irreversible and so the seller needs to feel protected from possible fraudulent chargebacks through Paypal. I answered that I had used Paypal because I assumed it would be a kind of “buffer zone” to protect both seller and buyer, and he replied something along the lines of “these small startups are inundated with emails, some of them genuine and others from people like you (meaning me) bombarding them with questions instead of waiting the specified amount of time; also you (again, meaning me) claim you understand Bitcoin transactions, but I don't think you do” and then added something again emphasizing the fact that Bitcoin transactions are irreversible and that the seller needs to feel like it's impossible for the buyer to make some sort of chargeback.
I answered this almost point by point with a long text, as politely as I could, stating that he wasn't making a sound argument, to which he simply replied that he just thought buying Bitcoins with Paypal is a bad idea for the buyer and that he wished me luck with this situation.
Needless it might be to say that, right now, this user has vanished and that all his comments have, therefore, been deleted, as we can all see. My responses and the order of the conversation, however, are still here.
Edit: before my longest reply to this user, he stated that “there can be no buffer zone”, which is why I started my reply with “Well, you may say I'm a dreamer… :P” and later went on to explain how I thought there could be.
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:02:30
Hey, man; I'm sorry to bother you with this, but I just posted something replying my own original thread, here, and I'd appreciate it if you could read it and somehow vouch for what I'm saying. It's about a user who answered my post and with whom I had a conversation that has now deleted his account.
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:55:40
I guess I screwed up. Well, that money won't be weighing me down, then…
As I told others, here, I was somewhat blinded by my trust in the fact that the site was on a sponsored post here on Reddit and by my enthusiasm to get into Bitcoins as soon as possible with some sort of perceived protection on the transaction.
But I'll wait. Maybe they'll come through in the end.
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:05:55
Oh, I misread; I thought you had made the purchase more recently. That is strange indeed. It's great news that you didn't lose your money, though.
Well, if you ever get to know exactly what happened, i'll be interested in knowing what it was, if you'll share it.
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:21:30
Oh, ok; thanks! But could you please help me/us with it anyway? I'm not sure how to go about doing that. And can you help us make a visible post warning people about Crowd Coin?
@_date: 2013-12-14 01:55:12
Hey, thanks for joining in… I suppose? Even though it's really for not so good reasons…
Again, I find the fact that they even answered you strange because they never answered me at all, much less to talk refunds. And obviously, this justification they gave you seems a bit suspicious to me as well.
Here I am, still hoping that they're actually a nice, legitimate business…
You know, when I first tried to make the purchase, Paypal gave me some kind of error saying that the transaction couldn't be made. On my Paypal history, there are two attempts to make the transaction (before the third one, which went through), both marked as “denied”.
This was when I first contacted them. They answered saying that there was some problem with a server, and me not exactly being aware of how these things work from the side of the seller or how it's implemented or anything about API's and what not, I then tried again. They did try to get me to try using a credit card directly, but I was hoping to use Paypal precisely for some added layer of protection.
When this situation started developing and I posted this thread, I started to think that maybe they just had to change the recipient for the transaction, or something, since my money went to what appears to be a personal Paypal account. Maybe their first choice was already blocked, or something, but as I've said, I have no idea if this is how things work on the seller's side.
I've also thought that maybe it's also possible that they just added Paypal to give people some false sense of security and appear more legitimate. Then they just let the transactions which went through Paypal get cancelled – if Paypal so decides –, but this way they get what they would really be after, which would be bank transactions – more difficult to revert – and those which involve cash, which are irreversible and untraceable.
I have opened a dispute on Paypal – as you may have already read elsewhere on this thread – and am still waiting for their response. For some reason, I think they probably have some sort of trick up their sleeve that will make it so that I will never get that money back… I really have no clue whether Paypal will refund my money or not, but people tell me that it's likely.
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:05:59
I used Crowd Coin some 14 days ago and right now it's looking real bad. I searched around for some kind of feedback but found nothing and, in a bout of silliness, thought “whatever, I'll see what happens”. Not only have they not sent me the coins, but they also seem to be ignoring my attempts to get in touch with them… Did you get around to buying from them? Did you find someone who did use them successfully?
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:26:36
Just about how the conversation went. It's fine if you don't, I understand. It's just because this person deleted their account, which is always suspicious, and they were discreetly defending Crowd Coin's position in this situation. If you happened to remember anything about it, it would be nice to get validation on what I wrote. But I understand if you don't want to get involved, that's fine. I'm sorry for bothering you.
@_date: 2013-12-05 01:27:48
R4ID, you should read what TimRaines has posted on this thread answering the first reply I gave you. You might be interested to know that he has some information regarding the person who might have registered the website for Crowd Coin. I exchanged messages with him and it seems like it somehow checks out with the person who got my payment from Paypal. They have the same surname.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:06:37
I don't understand this… I think I made it quite clear that I *do*, indeed, understand that Paypal will not check if a Bitcoin transaction was made or not (and/or “accept it as proof of delivery”, as you more eloquently put it). I said so in what I wrote. I was only mentioning that even though *Paypal* will probably not do that, they *could*, theoreticaly, do it. They or any service of the sort. That's all. That being said, I do understand that since Paypal *will most likely not* accept this as proof of delivery, this becomes reason enough for sellers not to want to use Paypal as a payment method to sell Bitcoin (which was the tidbit I sadly did not really know for sure before I posted this thread). Our misunderstanding or miscommunication, here, is a bit rooted in the fact that I am, for obvious reasons, thinking about how things could be (and how they could be improved), while you are thinking of them as they are, which is naturally more realistic and thus laudable.
Either way, the real issue, in my case, was twofold, and not necessarily related to this issue you mentioned: first of all, Crowd Coin ignored the emails I sent after the shortest amount of time I had to supposedly wait to get my Bitcoins (between five and seven business days, as stated *by them* somewhere on their website); second, the longest timeframe (ambiguously and confusingly) given elsewhere on their website has not only also elapsed, by now, but has since been prolonged (which was “five days after the end of the [postcard] campaign”). They gave a specific – although contradictory – timeframe for this transaction to occur and didn't keep it, and they also didn't answer their customer's (reasonable and polite, I believe) questions.
Again, just to make it clear, I do sincerely thank you very much for entering this dialog and for your help. My thread didn't get many replies (or visibility) and every little one helps.
@_date: 2013-12-06 21:26:47
I guess that's a good idea.
I'm thinking that maybe, if you made the payment via bank account transfer, the bank has already blacklisted their receiving account in some way, or something…
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:45:13
I think your attitude towards me is a bit unfair. I think it can be inferred from what I've written that I do in fact understand what you just said and also that I expected a response of this kind from you. But do you understand what I was saying? I knew what I was getting into and I understand a seller needs protection, but I was ready to assume that I wasn't being swindled. I gave them my money, which shows I was willing to trust them with it. They have it, right now. I could very well wait for 45 days for the Bitcoins… but the fact that they aren't answering my emails points towards them not really being interested in going through with the transaction at all. I thought Paypal would be a kind of buffer zone for both the seller AND the buyer, not just one or the other, because if I have, as you said, no position to reclaim my money, then I'm opening myself up to fraud.
But anyway, I know you're not wrong; I was naïf and should probably not have made this purchase.
@_date: 2013-12-04 12:19:43
Well, this is shaping up to be exactly what we feared it could be. Thanks for joining in and sharing. Let's all keep in touch.
BTW, can we get what was your exact write-up to Paypal? I don't know, but we probably need to pick our words carefully and explain the situation properly in a way that they'll understand and feel like we should get our money back from Crowd Coin, if in fact this is a scam (oh, the hope of the ingenuous…).
@_date: 2013-12-25 22:07:05
Great! Happy holidays, then! And have a fine 2014. =)
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:10:54
By the way, let me just announce to anyone who's interested that I have already opened a claim with Paypal, as has R4ID.
I also tried to contact one of the mods from so that he could at least see to it that the sponsored ad for Crowd Coin is permanently removed and to see if he could help us post somewhere visible that people probably shouldn't use Crowd Coin, but he still hasn't answered me. I might send that same message to another one of the mods.
And… I think that's it.
@_date: 2013-12-03 12:52:03
Hey, man, did you use Crowd Coin? I'm trying to get some feedback from someone who used them successfully but I still haven't found anyone. I bought coins from them using Paypal more than two weeks ago and I still have nothing in my wallet; and I'm a bit worried I'll get nothing because they seem to be ignoring my emails…
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:06:16
You are quite welcome; I was just trying to pull our collective selves together for this. But now I'd really appreciate it if you could read a reply I just posted to my own original thread. One user who was here has deleted his account, and I'd really appreciate it if people could somehow vouch for what I am saying, if they remembered the conversation we had.
@_date: 2013-12-06 12:31:14
You used Crowd Coin and they easily refunded your payment? Can you tell me exactly when this was? I find that a bit strange.
I never even mentioned that directly to them; not only because they say on their website that “there will be no refunds”, but also because I thought that if they don't answer my emails to confirm that the transaction will be made or just something to that effect or anything at all, then why would they respond to that? I was also still hoping for the transaction to come through, so I was also giving them some time; but some of the replies I got on this thread were making me increasingly suspicious about the whole thing.
Anyway, I did mention that on the Paypal claim I opened; they could just refund what I paid them or just send me the Bitcoins and I would drop the claim. For all I know they might even be legit and just rubbish with customer support and/or having trouble with their business model, or something…
@_date: 2013-12-06 12:09:30
Well, I mean… as I said here before, the transaction can easily be verified and confirmed by a third party, so I don't really think this would be so risky for the seller; anyone can see if my address has received what was agreed upon (by the way, the address I sent them during the transaction is 13hE8fkJ8cV93CSf91hrSQoj52Zo2WPPGh and I bought two postcards for 1BTC each) but naturally Paypal won't want to do that or to be that third party. Not yet, anyway.
I think there might be a lot of business to be had by someone who creates a service willing to do this, and maybe Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) would gain from it as well. Unless I'm missing something, which is quite possible.
Anyway, thanks for your help.
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:01:43
Thank you.
I'm pretty okay with this. I have a bit of a mixed feeling about money/economics, so this doesn't really matter a lot. I had the money and wasn't using it; if they don't send me anything, I still won't be using it. :P I'm not very attached to it. In fact, if they scammed me out of it… well, good for them. They made me give them my money. That takes some sort of skill. In some ways, they kind of deserve it… :P