@_author: imb_10111
@_date: 2019-08-18 18:50:05
Or stop using bitcoin as a bloody speculative investment but rather  as an actual currency ffs.
@_date: 2019-02-07 00:26:41
How? I bet no calculations were involved for that statement. How would you come around and predict the probability for these two prices?
@_date: 2019-02-19 02:07:24
You do know that western countries have their monetary supply carefully calculated, right? I mean just because it's not crypto doesn't mean mathematicians aren't involved in making sure our current fiat currencies work. And they do. Bitcoin has many advantages over fiat but don't pretend it is the first one based on maths
@_date: 2019-01-30 19:26:40
Please read a bit more about some basic economics. Bitcoin can prevent hyperinflation that is caused by an out of control money supply. But there are many other causes for hyperinflation and the one in Venezuela was fueled by supply shock. 
Their economy was based on exports of oil which they suddenly could keep up. This lead to an increasing and self sustaining devaluation of the Bolivar.
 If you look at the price of stuff in Venezuela in USD it will likely be close to normal. It's just that nobody wants to trade in Bs that's why the prices sky rocket.
Hyperinflation is caused by people always wanting to get rid of their money as fast as possible. Make no mistake this can happen with botcoin. Suppose the price of transactions in 100 years become really expensive and steadily increasing. Then people will want to spend them as quickly as possible to get the most out of their money and are  reluctant to accept them unless it's for a higher price. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 01:45:27
By your reasoning when the Bolivar goes down people don't sell it because they would be at a loss. Get a grip. Satoshi is a genius that doesn't mean the rules of demand/supply don't apply to his currency. 
@_date: 2019-01-19 14:41:39
Well the thing is if you are going to sell Bitcoin why not sell it for stuff on the internet instead of fiat?
@_date: 2019-01-17 12:04:19
The URL makes me think this is not so well orchestrated
@_date: 2019-01-31 01:43:02
36T is the monetary base, 80T is the money supply.
As for gold money, it wasn't a limited supply. It was just a rare one. Gold, silver, and copper were constantly being mined. And this at a higher rate than economical growth. Indeed the Romans suffered an economic crisis because of money devaluation. And the French invented the banknote because gold had become too inconvenient to move around.
As for the "no trickery" with true money, no. This wouldn't be a good thing. See, the median person in a developed country has about the net worth of a farmer in Bangladesh. The difference being that he has access to the financial market. He can take a loan to invest in a business or himself. The farmer has not this opportunity, often stuck in poverty because he cannot buy his means of production in the first place.
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:39:50
I really am no expert but bitcoin does not behave like fiat money mainly because the money supply can be a lot larger that the monetary base. So for the maths I'll assume it substitutes the global monetary base. That is 36T USD. Suppose we take about 20M BTC that makes about 1.8M USD per BTC. 
The thing is having BTC replacing all money isn't realistic. It is a wonderful tool but it doesn't support debt. And whether you like it or not all our economy is debt based. Most of the money (money supply)  pops into existence because banks can lend a lot more than what they have (monetary base). This is not possible with bitcoin. 
You might argue that banks making money by lending you some that they don't have is unfair. But if they couldn't it would be nearly impossible to get a loan because their interest rates would be even higher. 
Bitcoin is amazing but if it's going to take over the world it will be alongside a debt-based currency. 
EDIT: I forgot to mention that this would not be a "final price" because unlike fiat currencies, which adjust their value as the market grows by growing the money supply through interest, bitcoin does not. So an all-bitcoin growing market would have its price grow steadily through time. This is considered a bad thing in economics because people spend less if they know they'll get more for their money tomorrow. The  planet would essentially be in a "hodl" mindset, which in turn would slow the economy.