@_author: imdesperatepleasehel
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:38:13
Thanks for at least saying that. I sold my bitcoins on Gox a long time ago. When I first got laid off. I felt like I really got out at the right time. Those coins would be worth over $8000 today. I got... considerably less at the time. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:24:24
Well, after being laid off I've been making decent money consulting. I had 2 roommates. I had been thinking of going back to work full time, but everything was "OK" and was hoping to take on more clients. My roommates who work together were put on a new job out of town (construction) and moved out, and the consulting on it's own hasn't been enough and has even slowed down. 
I waited too long, and here I am. I'm waiting to hear back from this interview this week, which I think went very well and would honestly solve everything. With the promise of a paycheck, I could borrow money from people who know I will pay it back. They won't just throw money into a sinking ship. Which is admittedly what I'm asking you to do. I was hoping that maybe a small amount from a lot of people would make it less painful to those people though. 
I could throw some added "sob" in the story, with the whole story of how I got left paying the whole mortgage myself after my girlfriend of 6 years left. But honestly, I should be able to do this on my own. I just fucked up. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:19:14
Oh, I get where they're coming from. You can't give money to every person that makes a throwaway begging for free money. I get it. And I don't blame anyone, or think it's some lack of compassion or caring. 
I just had to try everything I can. I saw that picture of the guy holding the sign, and thought "It's worth a shot." I'm doing everything else I can. And I know it will work out in the long run. I'm not on the verge of death and neither is my daughter. I just had to try.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:14:53
I had to try. Hopefully you can understand. But hopefully you never have to. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:47:37
"Hijacked for visibility: Guy's, lets all really chip in here. Ukrainians really need all the help they can get, and this is just the publicity Bitcoin needs. That Bitcoin is for the good of humanity. [donation address linked here][1]
EDIT: 2.45 BTC in under 2 hours. Keep it up! Every little bit helps."
This is the comment that inspired me to even try this. People sending money to some random person to do who knows what with. I really need help. I have enough food to make about 3 bologna sandwiches. And enough money to buy another pack of bologna and some bread. I will sell my car tomorrow. Which is paid off, and worth enough money to scrape by for a while. Everything will work out like it always has in the past, I just thought I'd try this. Thanks for your time. Sorry for breaking the rules. 