@_author: immerc
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:01:59
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:08:53
You should also do "what makes a good currency": why is the US dollar the reserve currency of the world, why do people buy swiss francs when they're nervous?  Also, what makes something a good investment, and is Bitcoin a currency, an investment, a ponzi scheme or simply a gamble?
@_date: 2013-02-22 05:57:03
Whether or not it's a bad moral trait, means that a group of people who uses mainly bitcoins for daily life will eventually fall behind a group of people who use Euros or Dollars.
People who have to use a currency where a central bank makes sure there's always a low, positive interest rate will see their money lose value if they just sit on it.  This encourages them to invest it, or to put it in a bank so the bank can invest it.
If the value of the currency keeps going up (deflation) it makes more financial sense to sit on the money rather than take risks and make investments.  That leads to stagnation.
@_date: 2013-02-22 05:59:07


Yeah, I mean tulip bulbs are awesome, look how much they keep going up in value!  You'd have to be a fool not to have a big hoard of tulip bulbs.
@_date: 2013-02-22 17:14:43


I'm talking about a world where you're comparing a group of people who primarily use bitcoins to a group of people who primarily use dollars or euros.
The dollar / euro users will have an incentive to "put their money to work" because if it just sits, it will lose value through slow inflation.  Bitcoin users will have an incentive to just let the money sit under a mattress because by not doing anything it will increase in value.


No, I'm saying that buying a currency isn't an investment, it's hoarding that currency.  Investment is putting a currency to work for you by say buying capital with it, or buying a share of a company.
@_date: 2013-02-22 05:54:13


That doesn't answer his point, that if there is something he desires more, he'll spend his dollars first.
The deflationary nature of the bitcoin economy discourages investment and encourages hoarding.  If you can be reasonably certain that bitcoins are going to keep going up in value, it actually makes sense to take out a loan instead of selling some of your bitcoin hoard.  As long as the value of the bitcoins goes up at a greater rate than the interest you're paying on the loan, you'll come out ahead.
What fraction of the people who have started bitcoin-related businesses do you think have paid for those startup costs in bitcoins vs. people who have paid in local currency?  As long as the value of bitcoins continues to go up, it will discourage innovation and investment.
