@_author: imodob
@_date: 2016-08-30 23:59:28
If you withdraw from one LB account to another LB account, they complete the transaction instantly offchain, no confirms required. Very cool feature.
@_date: 2016-08-30 23:45:58
If you use the localbitcoins platform to perform cash trades you are essentially gifting them a 1% tip. They openly state that you are NOT required to use their system for cash trades. Some people have mentioned about the security of not having to accept 0 confirmation transactions but these people are obviously unaware that if you have a LB account and you send to another LB account, then LB knows the receiving address is one of their own and completes the transaction instantly offchain, no confirmations required. 
Theres one feature I guess you could argue was worth using them for whereby the buyer gets a unique code he can write down and take with him. LB will only ever give this code to the seller once he releases the Bitcoin to the buyer. This means a buyer can attend a cash meet with no phone and just this code and his money. Once the seller shows him this matching code the buyer knows the coins are released. 
Localbitcoins are bloody brilliant. Absolutely love them. I wish they had a decent affiliate scheme is all. Also i think 1% is getting a little expensive, but nonetheless they offer a superb service.
@_date: 2016-09-13 12:08:27
You can't just add some terms and conditions to something and then just start breaking the law. Otherwise 'i own your house' would be a feature in a lot of dodgy terms.
CS agents don't just say "that's it, goodbye". You need to escalate it with Coinbase. 
"Hi, I'm not happy with the outcome of our conversation I'd like to escalate this matter" 
Ask for tge outcome of asking to escalate tge matter in writing to your email address. If they mess around, record a VIDEO of you repeating the same process on speakerphone. You're a victim of a shitty CS agent is all, remember to take names at tge start of a call while everything is still friendly, this adds accountability.
@_date: 2016-09-04 23:40:55
When the price moves rapidly i think it's usually one of two reasons. Either someone wants to deliberately send a signal to the market, after after it is not the most efficient way to buy coins, a cheaper way would be to biy slowly over a few hours. OR someone/multiple people buying in a rush/panic because they think the price is rising further. This second reason usually happens because of the first reason, it's like a feedback loop. Obviously with so many people trading on an exchange, when the price starts rising, you're effectively playing chicken with all the other traders going long to see who takes their profit first, which causes the dump. I would also expect the Bitcoin market to have a lot of collusion behind tge scenes from early adopters and large holders. $9 billion is nothing and they wouldn't even need a fraction of that to control the market price easily.