@_author: imog
@_date: 2016-08-06 00:30:08
You are getting strung up, so I know it's hard, but it seem incongruent to say this an hour ago, and state 30 minutes ago that you are wrapping up loose ends and an announcement will come tonight (in a few hours).
I mean I guess a decision could both be made and announced within an hour or two... But it would seem like with the problem at hand a lot of things that have been in motion thru the entire week were to prepare for what will be stated tonight.
Basically, if nothing is decided now, then as a company the last week no one knew what the goal was or what they were executing towards. To sort things out, employees would need to know what you are going to do before you announce it, in order to put the company in a position to do what they are about to announce.
@_date: 2015-12-30 02:20:21
Not buying this one. If you look at the chart for when the volume stops, there is sizeable jumps while volume is still absurd, then volume stops abruptly going back to reasonable levels, and price jumps greater than it did when the volume was nuts. So basically, movement of the market is completely irrelevant to this behavior.
There are other timescales with screenshots where the volumizer kicks on at very regular intervals, and price movement is zero at those times, despite volume going insane at those times.
@_date: 2015-12-30 02:16:17
This volume behavior only occurs on exchanges not included in the XBX index.
@_date: 2014-03-07 13:56:13
Assuming this is your own article, it was alright.
I would suggest writing the whole thing, or working on how you wrap up.
I don't know if you have studied music or poetry, but generally western music follows some conventions whereby the end of a stanza is hinted at before it is over. In other words, the music prepares the listener for the end arriving. This can also be described in speech - often times the intonation drops at the end when making a statement, indicating that is the end of that, where when asking a question intonation often rises at the end.
But back to your article, it wasn't bad until the end - you could have written more or you could have ended it better, but basically it reads like an intro that you quit writing before it accomplishes anything.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:49:25
Cool, just wanted to see if there was more out there that I didn't know about. Thanks for the reply.
@_date: 2014-03-07 13:42:12
He didn't have to say anything. That he did, and that he invented bitcoin, is enough for me to be confident that he hasn't lost exclusive access to his p2p account.
I don't think he needs to do anything really. I am glad however that he bothered posting what he did, which is a big deal seeing as how he hasn't posted under the satoshi identity in years.
@_date: 2014-01-15 05:50:21
Cheaper because of total hash power. It would be cheaper to buy the hardware for 51% of LTC total hashpower, than it would be to buy the hardware for 51% of BTC total hashpower. BTC's hash power is much bigger, thus it would be more expensive to get past the 50% mark.
LTC in theory, in a "by design" sense, is more resistant as the scrypt algorithm performs better with more RAM which is expensive, making cheap ASICs harder to do... But thats only theory, and in reality, the most important factor of how resistant the network is to attack is total hashpower.
To put it most simply, lets use small numbers. Let's also accept that LTC is more resistant to 51% due to its design and BTC is more vulnerable. So for example, imagine LTC has 5 people mining and BTC has 10,000... Even though LTC is more resistant theoretically, it wouldn't be hard for some company to buy a couple rooms full of computers and overtake the power of those 5 users... And it would take an exponentially larger investment to overtake BTC because there are so many people and resources.
Hence total hashpower is important. What it boils down to is cost/hash vs total hash rate. LTC may have a higher cost/hash, but it would only be more resistant than the BTC network once its total hash rate grows large enough to make it more expensive than BTC to buy 51%.
@_date: 2014-02-18 17:29:24
Lighten up, it is tongue-in-cheek and relevant to sentiment expressed in the general environment lately. If you take it to mean support for violence there's something wrong with you.
@_date: 2014-03-07 13:47:57
BTC-e has also lost some confidence in the Gox debacle - the only way I could imagine the Gox thing having been worse is if we didn't even know who ran it... An inept manager can at least be dealt with whereas a faceless one not so much.
So if BTC-e were to encounter problems similar to Gox, with no identifiable  people behind the scenes, people would freak out even worse.
Basically, I think over time the community should reject exchanges like BTC-e for this reason. Or, I think BTC-e needs to be the market leader in transparency, short of actually revealing who they are - I'm fine with them being anonymous, but 3rd party audits actually published by the auditors would be good, and a technical solution that gmaxwell described to confirm the exchange actually has your coins should be the goal (this basically allows anyone to verify the exchange isn't running a fractional reserve, without the exchange having to reveal its entire books).
@_date: 2014-12-07 07:46:11
Windows+r, type services.MSC, right click on teamviewer select properties, set startup to disabled.
Msconfig is not intended for the purpose you describe on an everyday basis. Selective startup modes are a troubleshooting config. Services.MSC is the proper interface for managing services in the GUI.
Alternatively, just open a command prompt and type "sc config servicename start= disabled".
@_date: 2014-02-19 06:30:23
Define "working with Mt Gox" and please provide proof other than a single youtube commentary.
@_date: 2014-03-10 21:05:08
The most famous research on the problem with too many choices is the "jam study" it is referenced in this article, and the article does a pretty good job at explaining why more is often less... Jimmy has the data to support what is true on wikipedia, but this puts it into perspective of why its true for other situations also:
@_date: 2014-01-15 21:07:13
Thats another angle. I hadn't thought of it that way. Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2014-02-14 19:17:33
Thanks. Refreshing to read.
This in fact highlights the largest flaw of change.org. It sounds like a good thing. They've done a lot of good things. Mark may deserve a well done petition even, however this one sucks and it still gets a ton of support and raises awareness of the issue.
At the same time these flaws enable the forces of evil to wrongfully target the innocent, with no meaningful recourse for any harm brought to their image. Baseless accusations are fine on change.org, and if you accompany those baseless accusations with a sprinkling of popular current opinion, you have a movement underway just like that and it can actually hurt those on the other end of it unfairly.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:18:10
1. Fiat and crypto trend separately. Fiat&gt;Coin when it is low; Coin&gt;Fiat when it is high.
2. Follow the volatility in markets you are most familiar with, so that you can recognize current conditions - is it going to blow by support/resistance this time or bounce off it... 
3. To day trade crypto, a percent gain covers fees and withdrawals, so it only takes a percent or two to realize actual profit. You may get lucky and realize much more than that at times, but that isn't the goal of the smart day trader - the day trader wants confident, consistent gains. They are generally low yield percentage profits, but also lower risk positions where a lot of potential profit I left on the table - get in after the trend is confirmed, and get out before the trend reverses eliminating your profit. Getting in at that ideal point and out at that ideal point may happen by chance from time to time, but it is the wrong goal to aim for.
Most people look at the graphs and want to hit the highs and lows. Most people aren't all that smart either. Most people lose money doing this. Some smart people target specific situations and are patient for opportunities they are confident in. This is much different than managing a huge multi-million or billion dollar fund.
@_date: 2014-03-25 02:51:08
My suggestion to you in your role is to avoid emotionally charged words when discussing bitcoin professionally, or be aware of their impact at the least. Terrified is dramatic - the public barely knows what bitcoin is, and hacks don't terrify anyone, but financial hacks certainly scare people away. Terrified though? I believe with certainty that is overly dramatic.
Also, your phrasing comes off rather biased. Why present a strawman? I haven't heard anyone champion the idea that hacks shouldn't be of any concern. Many people don't feel so bad for many that got Goxxed, who could have heeded the many red flags along the way but chose not to... But still, no one is claiming hacks should be ignored or they don't matter. They are certainly cause for concern, and cryptographic proof of solvency is a growingly popular solution in the community... Many of the fatal flaws with hack problems come from lack of transparency for their true impact on reserves of customer funds. If cryptographic proof of solvency were standard operating procedure across exchanges then financial insolvency, including those resulting from hacks, would no longer be a creeping uncertainty. Obviously we need more businesses taking the exchange part of the bitcoin ecosystem more seriously, and not running it like a hobby - gox made that risk painfully apparent for many.
Coinbase made news by bringing in big guns to sure up their perimeter. That is a good thing. Others should be doing similar. Exchanges are pursuing auditing options - their approach sucks in my opinion, however the direction is the right one to move in at least. The community is pushing cryptographic proof of reserves in various approaches that are technically viable and only awaiting implementation. All these demonstrate a trend developing in the right direction to bring maturity to a very immature system. Its great to see this happening already.
@_date: 2014-11-01 19:04:35
A correction suggests the increase is unnatural. We have never invented a digital currency like this before. This could be its natural state of growth early on. Certainly seems it's geared up for something big, so it will be interesting to see how it pans out.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:21:21
GMaxwell, he just posted another Reddit discussion earlier today for feedback on his first website. While the insinuation strikes you personally due to your involvement, it is in no way credible.
A first website and doing some cool hardware hacking is neat and commendable. However his opinion about bitcoin development and whatever the reason for it being maliciously unsupported and misrepresented, is inconsequential as it isn't coming from a point of justification or authority. Without authority or evidence to support a claim, things go nowhere quickly.
I would say he's in it for the right reasons, so he probably read something backwards to lead him to his opinion about btcd and just has a hard time admitting a simple misunderstanding when the time is given to explain why he is wrong... or he's blatantly trolling on the topic.
@_date: 2014-03-25 02:54:32
Why is your proof so abysmal?
As several people asked me for proof, I am Jeff Bezos and this is my site: 
@_date: 2014-03-09 03:00:38
Very well put. This deserves more exposure.
@_date: 2014-03-07 13:40:31
Nice pic. Easier to see how the MtGox code builds the hotwallet with a picture than when its explained with words
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:11:39
This is the problem (If Bitcoin Foundation were only useless, I wouldn't mind it so much, but it's detrimental. It already has been, but even if you're under the impression that it hasn't yet been, it's only a matter of time. Any central influence will eventually be corrupted and used to discredit BTC, and create FUD. We should resist, and denounce, any attempt to cultivate a central spokesperson, or authority, on the matter of BTC. It's one thing for someone to be a trusted advocate, or teacher, but the moment they're perceived as speaking for anyone other than themselves, or having any authority over BTC, they become a tool for those who wish to eliminate BTC. We should think decentralization in all things.
Having said all that, it doesn't really matter.. Either BTC can weather many people doing exactly the wrong things around it, or it's not what we think it is.
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:44:16
I think this is important. I don't talk well on camera either. Not because I am a liar, a bad person, or a shill. I just am not used to doing it and I get uncomfortable talking in general, let alone when it's recorded to permanent media - I'd rather write where I have the ability to compose my thoughts in a comprehensive fashion, and I'm painfully self-aware that I don't do that as well when speaking.
Awkward on camera shouldn't condemn him, he's human. I don't think he has shown himself to be a bad person, and he is fairly open publicly - he isn't acting like anyone trying to hide anything.
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:56:49
I'd love to talk, but I doubt I can afford your time! (My margins are getting killed by prime memberships with all the free shipping!)
Fwiw, I'm glad you are legit and I am glad you are seeking input this way. The verification approach just struck me as odd. :) Thanks!
@_date: 2015-07-30 23:09:29
@_date: 2015-08-01 03:46:09
You may want to read more about it. It is rather strict, with some rules based on where and when you are looking in a certain direction.
@_date: 2015-07-31 03:00:01
I got $100 when I just tried this.
@_date: 2015-07-29 21:54:15
More centralization is also a real issue/outcome. And there are others.
@_date: 2015-04-05 23:18:54
Let's assume you really don't get why that is so hard for people to understand - you said it, so let's assume you really don't actually get it.
We can focus on something easier for everyone to understand. Sometimes people act illogically for various reasons - emotions, drugs, conflicting priorities, etc.
Those employees you mentioned, they may not all hold the belief that they want to retain the value of their paycheck.
You assume they do because that would be logical for everyone to want their paycheck to be more valuable - but maybe bob just works there to keep busy and has a side business that gives him financial security. Maybe Bob is sick of his shit-head boss telling him what to do and wants to burn the building to the ground... 
That possibility assumes someone doesn't depend heavily on the value of their paycheck. Instead, let's assume everyone holds value in their paycheck. Even then you could have someone unintentionally make poor decisions, due to drugs, emotional hardship, or other personal issues. So maybe everyone implicitly agrees to act in a logical manner, but things don't play out that way because Jim had a bad day and screwed up in a way that can best be described as cataclysmal. This could happen too, though unlikely perhaps.
So bad decisions can get made, either intentionally or unintentionally, by taking illogical actions. This isn't hard to understand for anyone I don't think.
@_date: 2015-03-13 09:23:30
No it would not. Been using it.
And don't call me adrian.
@_date: 2015-02-25 02:36:03
Most programmers learn it traditionally judging by those I've seen professionally and those I've gone thru school with.
Not a programmer, but took a variety of programming classes thru undergrad. Most people going to school for programming knew a little but not a lot. The standouts were the ones who had a genuine interest and taught themselves a lot already.
In ten years in IT, I can confirm that in my experience most programmers went to school and are familiar within their realm of experience, and this is the average developer. The exceptional programmers may have also gone to school, but they have a more unique interest and passion that has lead programming to take on a bigger part in their life. For most however, its a job they've trained for like any other, and its a regular paycheck.
@_date: 2015-02-25 02:52:28
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:00:07
You will get your access back.
It took me a week when I had trouble accessing my coins. They initially present a strong front, but as you jump thru the hoops it is clear you will get your access back.
This is a security feature. If it was easy to get your access back, the risk of fraud would be incredible. Get a trezor if you don't like it. The people pointing people to creating their own wallet and managing security themselves are misguided fools.
@_date: 2015-02-11 04:12:34
I was only investigating the credit card option, as I can't use MasterCard on Coinbase, they are visa only. Coinbase meets my ACH needs.
I didn't actually realize or look at the bank account option for circle. Thanks
@_date: 2015-02-11 03:53:33
I tried it.
Weekly limit was $100. So I bought $100. My credit card charged me a $10 cash advance fee for the purchase. So it cost me $110. My limit is still $100 after that purchase. 
My experience sucked. I thought that's what would happen, and I have a hard time seeing how people think this is a good thing.
For $10 in fees, I can and have bought a ton more on Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-02-21 16:09:36
Get a better bank.
We were doing IVF (fertility) and had to make several debit card payments well over $3000. Just had to call the bank to authorize it in advance - gave them the exact amount, and it went thru no problem. I forgot to do this in advance once, so I called while standing there and it was sorted out in five minutes.
Yes its a hassle, but if your bank policy doesn't suck, it also means that no one is able to wipe tens of thousands of dollars from your account in an instant. Which is nice. Plenty of people are losing thousands without recourse in Bitcoin, so this is really a question of balance between convenience and security.
I'm a bitcoin supporter and long term bull, but your reaction is a knee jerk that isn't well justified in the current financial ecosystem. Yes, you are subjected to stupid policies your bank makes up. Some banks are better.
@_date: 2016-07-21 03:18:52
It's part of the sign up process. You provided it. There is no way to sign up without providing it. You have to put a number in the passport number field.
Verification is standard when you go to withdraw. They asked me for passport number also, and I gave them the same fake number I used and screenshot when I signed up. Verified, no problem... All they care about is that you can verify the same info you provided when you signed up.
Since you can't do that, you are in a difficult situation but this is not okcoins fault. I understand it is frustrating for you.
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:46:42
Unless you are using special applications to automate trading, this has nothing to do with you.
Library in this context is developer speak. A library is some code which implements a number of functions that can be used by other programs or functions.
So if you want to use a program that automatically trades on the Mt.Gox exchange, you can reference an existing library and functions it implements to interact with the Mt.Gox trading API - this would save you the time of figuring out your own implementation and writing all the code yourself. A library does a lot of the background work for you, so all you have to do is reference the library and call its functions from your code - the library does the heavy lifting and returns the desired result.
An API is a an Applicaion Programming Interface - a chunk of code created to make it easier for other developers to interact with your application, so they can understand eachother.
