@_author: impulse0012
@_date: 2017-07-23 23:12:26
Real estate is a tangible asset with many uses. You cannot live in bitcoin. No matter what medium of exchange is used it will always be valuable because, as far as I know, we aren't discovering anymore land and space in desirable communities and cities around the world...
I would agree that some of the real estate gains in recent years are a result of certain monetary policies. However I completely reject that your make believe internet money is less risky than real estate. You can argue that you are better off with your money in bitcoin and I may agree with you.. but you are taking risk and are absolutely delusional if you view real estate investments as riskier than an emerging technology that hasn't even seen widespread acceptance yet.
@_date: 2017-07-23 15:40:01
Are you trying to argue that bitcoin is more stable than fiat currencies at this point? I get that this sub is a giant bitcoin circle jerk but come back to reality please.
@_date: 2017-07-23 15:44:27
I think it is pretty self explanatory why real estate and fiat are less risky than an a digital currency which 3/4 of the world believes is used to buy drugs online and whose value can be cut in half in the space of a week. Do I even need to explain?
Are you seriously that dense?
@_date: 2017-07-24 00:23:51
It was not my intention to argue that tangible assets are more valuable than intangible assets. My point to to contrast the inherent usefulness and necessity of real estate with bitcoin, an emerging technology and currency that has yet to experience widespread acceptance or trust. 
I don't think we need to get specific about what kind of real estate investment... I am assuming some sort of reasonable investment not a swamp in Florida. I mean I could get specific and start comparing real estate investment to the multitude of shitcoins and ico scams but I don't think that is really helping the conversation.
I have little background in finance or stats but the greater than the volitailty around an asset or investment typically the greater the risk of said investment. If you want to use black swan and bayesian probability to redefine what financial risk is than I don't really know what to say other than show me you argument within the black swan model and I STILL think you will be hard pressed to argue bitcoin as less risky than real estate.
All it does is give you an excuse to discard widespread accepted concepts of financial risk and common sense in favour of advancing your fire and brimstone narrative about the destruction of fiat and raise or cryptocurrencies am I right? ;)
 
@_date: 2017-07-22 13:45:46
Ummmm bitcoin?