@_author: imranrashid
@_date: 2016-04-12 10:42:18


@_date: 2015-12-25 21:01:49
Since you mention it- the bits and scraps were written down by followers from their memories; there were many such people who had memorized them. The decision to actually put it into book form wasn't due to malicious intent but rather due to a genuine fear that the oral tradition would be insufficient as a sole means of spreading the message.
If the version of the Qu'ran that Abu Bakr later compiled was lacking or included something that originally wasn't, you would expect to find evidence of dissent in the historical record from those who were contemporaries of Muhammad (and had memorized portions or all of it) regarding the nature of it's form after assembly, and yet there is none. 
Think about what you just said. If you had memorized a piece of information that had been shared with many people because you considered it valuable, and then you later wrote it down because you considered it too valuable to be left to your memory alone, and then later someone asked to have that copy to be added to all the rest, do you think you'd just sit idly when, upon reading the finished work, your contribution didn't appear? And that's assuming that you were the only person out of those present at the original stating of the message to have memorized it. The desert Arabs were more used to the spoken word than the written one, and the Qu'ran as narrated by Muhammad was levels of magnitude more complex than the poetry to which they were previously exposed to. It had enormous influence on them. Having the words altered would have created groups of people who disagreed with the final composition of the Qu'ran, but as I said, there is no evidence that any such groups existed. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 04:44:28
[I'm sorry, I don't ever make these, but I read that title and couldn't help but think this](
@_date: 2017-02-23 22:45:55
well...i bought in canadian back at that time. so the profit is a bit more thanks to the exchange rate.
@_date: 2015-05-05 18:22:52
Well, first of all, think about a consumer with buying power. Let's say they want a certain product. Right now, what products can you only buy with bitcoin? Compare that to the products you can only buy with a country's currency.
Bitcoin isn't as useful at buying things in this regard. 
At the moment, if you want to pay for something bitcoin, you either:
A) have to buy bitcoin using cash which seems rather redundant if I can just buy that thing with cash anyway.
B) use bitcoin that you already own. But at the moment, bitcoin is worth around 240 dollars. It peaked around 1200 dollars at its maximum and declined from there. If you purchased any bitcoin above its current value, by spending that bitcoin or portions of it, you are essentially paying more for whatever you are getting than if you simply used your countries own currency. Most probably, you want to wait until the value rises to at least what you paid for your bitcoin before you spend it.
However it is possible that you were paid in bitcoin so you haven't spent any cash on them, you simply received the value of your work in bitcoin equivalent to what you would have been paid in the currency of the business' operation.
But to make that choice is not something everyone will do, because the price of bitcoin hasn't been doing very well since that 1200 dollar peak. If you earned 4800 in a month at that peak time, your bitcoin you earned would now make it worth just under 1000. You might escape this problem if you live paycheque to paycheque, but it's recommended that you keep some savings as opposed to blowing all your money by the end of the month. 
Most probably the currency you work in has outperformed bitcoin and is a safer investment. And even if that is not the case, your currency is much more usable than bitcoin for buying everything except those few things which only accept payment in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2019-02-02 19:03:25
Okay, but the person I was replying to speaks of people being their own banks. My point was that that assumes that people want to have that level of responsibility, that they want to go back to the pressure of being the sole guardians of their wealth. 
Your reply suggests the opposite of what the poster I replied to is suggesting, that rather than people becoming their own banks, banks will remain banks, but that they use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-02 08:00:46
To be honest this seems like an argument against bitcoin. 
Sometimes services exist to make things easier for people.
Like I get that some people really get a kick out of brewing their own beer, but by and large the majority of beer drinkers would rather let someone else handle that part and they reap the benefits.
@_date: 2019-06-04 06:27:10
I don't know. I think a large portion of people who own Bitcoin have probably winced at some point in its price history. Seems like a disguised way of trying to feel superior because it's not you this time.
@_date: 2015-08-17 22:35:13
Are those terms interchangeable?
So could I write




And if so does that mean all Bitcoin users? How can you speak on their behalf? If you don't mean all Bitcoin users, and you just mean some, then why call them Bitcoin users at all. Can anyone who doesn't use Bitcoin use a Bitcoin gambling company?
But the *coup de grâce* is that you could actually mean *all* Bitcoin users and none of that would make a difference unless:


"I got this great idea guys. We just all gotta get really seriously into gambling and then there'll be a couple people who get really rich off of us and then those other guys who used to get really rich off of us won't be the big shots anymore, and we'll have showed them! I mean, as long as that's combined with the small matter of large-scale bitcoin adoption, of course..."
I gotta say, I admire your style though. You take the idea of gambling (by purchasing Bitcoin) and multiply that risk further, by actually gambling with it. 
Just excuse me if I'm not jumping at the chance to be in any car that you're driving.
@_date: 2015-08-17 22:21:31
Who is "we" exactly?
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:13:21
Is that the first one in Berlin? When I went in September there wasn't a single one I could find using ATM websites.
And then when speaking to someone about it, they said it was because Germany charges very high fees for a person to run an ATM- just thinking that's where the high percentage might be coming from.
@_date: 2019-04-21 16:00:32
Not sure if trolling or just stupid.
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:19:55
Firstly, earning money to hold it doesn't seem like a wise idea regardless of whether or not the currency gradually devalues. I would prefer my money to generate more money. But if I flip this question around, and say, what about a person who bought bitcoin when it was at any price much higher than it is worth now? By holding onto it, they have lost value, and in a much less predictable manner. If losing value is a concern to you, why is Bitcoin a solid choice?
I'd like to know more about what you mean by "using this money to create a massive army and then use this army to manipulate free trade," I'm not saying you're wrong, but I am curious to know what your background on this subject is- what are you referring to specifically or can you give some examples of what this army is and how they've manipulated free trade?
@_date: 2018-07-23 14:11:45
You'll have to forgive me since that's an incredibly difficult sentence to parse.
"Last years under Obama"
Last years under Obama? Which ones did you have in mind?
"Americans, SJW and blm are all thought to self hate and hate civilization,"
When you say "are all thought," who was it doing this thinking? Can you provide a source or sources as a reference for their thoughts?
Also, you say, "all thought," but you are referring to "Americans, SJW and blm," so are you saying that in the last years you are referring to, all Americans hated civilization?
And, you say "Americans, SJW, and blm," as if they are distinct and separate entities. Are there no SJW or members of blm who are Americans?
Also, Americans can be loosely understood to mean American citizens or at least people who live in America, and blm can be loosely understood to mean people who support or are members of the Black Lives Matter movement. But how do you define SJW "social justice warriors", as there doesn't seem to be a set definition nor a group that can be understood as them being members of?
"to self hate and hate civilization"
What does this mean? And if this simply happened in "last years under Obama," how do "Americans" undergo this drastic shift where they hate civilization? What could possibly be impetus for that?
"and to become communists"
But it can be argued that a communist state is still a type of civilization. If these people hate civilization, wouldn't they more likely to pursue going out into the wilderness and abandoning civilization?
Finally, you say that a "long time", refers to the "last years under Obama...," but even if I, for the sake of being generous, included his entire term as what you were referring to, we would only be looking at a span of 8 years. 
It has been 241 years since the US declaration of independence.
8 years represents 3% of that time. 
Relatively speaking, the whole term of Obama's presidency is not a long time. 
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:00:36
It's weird that this answer is at the top, because to me it doesn't really address any of my questions in the slightest. It seems dismissive of what I feel are valid questions. I mean, if they're not valid, then explain why. That's much more prurient to discussion than to simply say, "Alright see you later." It's almost like hearing, "If you don't like it, leave the country," when someone says something critical about said country.
@_date: 2015-04-27 19:27:29


Then why say "**This is absolutely a win-win.**"
Shouldn't that conclusion be based on the knowledge of how useful your instant delivery of data ownership is to the average Nepalese citizen and their basic needs, i.e. shelter, water, food?
I mean, you say that you'd be advertising Bitcoin by using Bitcoin's greatest strength, which is instantly sending money, but in actual fact money is not the immediate need for disaster-stricken people. Money is simply a means to acquire the things that they need, which is why although you hear things like "country x has pledged y amount of aid" they are simply putting a dollar value on the things that are actually being sent, like portable shelters, ready-meals, medical services etc. Monetary handouts are not the priority.
You are not only proposing that, you wish to add a further step between acquiring the basics. Instead of money-goods, your chain looks like bitcoin-money-goods.
That's why people think this is a sick idea. 
Seriously, I'm not going to downvote you even though I think the idea is abhorrent, I think you just need to think about what you've said more critically before suggesting it. 
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:21:41
Well, I think you must appreciate that when it comes to personal finance, not everyone is the same kind of gambler. If your answer to my questions basically boils down to "grow a pair of balls," I can tell you that I was looking for replies with a bit more substance than something I can expect to hear out of the mouth of people who subscribe to tabloids.
@_date: 2018-07-23 14:42:16
It blows my mind the level of confidence some people have with uttering complete nonsense.
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:16:24
That is a very interesting video and I think it makes a great point. I am curious though, in the video the boy mentions that not a lot of people in Uganda know about Bitcoin, but that it works for him because he knows a place he can sell it. It seems to me that is a crucial point. If he didn't know such a place, they wouldn't be useful to him.
Also, he mentions how he thinks people would be freer if governments didn't control the currency. But I wonder if power would simply move into the hands of people who established themselves as early exchanges, such as whoever he goes to. I wonder who it is that he sells it to and if they are legitimate in all their business dealings apart from Bitcoin exchange. 
But still, you make a good point, perhaps as a user of a credit card I am not as average as I might think. 
@_date: 2015-04-30 01:58:31


I don't think we're debating the technology aspect of Bitcoin here. I'm not arguing that it's ability as a distributed ledger doesn't make it a viable means of showing the transfer of ownership. What I'm saying is that unless you can show me that the problem of unpredictable losses arising from price fluctuations or the simple fact that large transfers from BTC to fiat are likely to *cause* such fluctuations, then your superior functioning technology is moot. It simply won't replace what is already working as a means of international monetary transfer. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 21:05:18


I actually had a friend ask about sending a large amount of money from one country to another.
In the end, for this purpose Bitcoin was rejected as a viable method.
1. His goal was to have fiat sent from one country to another. This could be accomplished using Bitcoin if he could purchase the equivalent amount of Bitcoin and then sell it back to others for the purpose of exchange. However, it was made clear that trying to sell so many Bitcoin within his expected timeframe would dramatically lower the price per bitcoin, causing him a loss that had a good chance of being much higher than anything close to what normal bank transfer fees would be for such a sum.
2. Even if that wasn't going to happen, the potential for normal price volatility leads to a similar risk. For many people, transfers fees are an expected, calculable cost of doing such business. With bitcoin, there is no way to accurately project what that loss might be, especially given that it would be hard to say how long it would take to sell them all. 
Do you know of any such way around these problems? What has been your experience sending arbitrary amounts of money anywhere in the world? Have you sent upwards of 5,000 USD using BTC? 10,000? 100,000? 500,000?
Are there regularly people ready to buy 100,000 USD worth of Bitcoin or would it be expected that someone wishing to sell such amount would have to wait for many smaller buyers? If you were going to send an amount upwards of 100k, how confident are you that the bank fees for doing so would be higher than the depreciation of bitcoin versus the US dollar on an average day in April 2015? And how confident are you that you could manage to sell them all in such a short time period?
@_date: 2015-04-28 22:22:16
So I don't know if maybe you skimmed what I wrote, but the main idea behind this person sending money through the conventional means, i.e. the traditional banking system is that the process is quick and predictable. You can probably imagine that not everyone appreciates large sums of their money waiting out on a market to be exchanged into something they can use. 
Secondly, while I understand that just as I said a person may lose money exchanging btc, they may also gain it, but if that's how you view money transfers, then I think you fundamentally misunderstand the primary purpose of sending money, which is...wait for it...to have the same amount of money go from one place to another in an acceptable amount of time with a predictable cost. Not to gamble with that money, thinking, "hey I might lose a lot of money doing it this way but you know what, I might make a bunch too." That's not a comfortable way of conducting such a transaction and definitely no way to sell the idea to someone. 
@_date: 2015-04-29 01:46:43


Since we agree on this then, we now have to read your original statement with the understanding that when you say the ability to send "arbitrary amounts of money anywhere in the world in seconds for very small fees," you are really talking about sending BTC with the intention of keeping it as BTC, not converting it. Ignoring for the moment that that means it's not very useful for a great many people, it also means that your original sentence is somewhat deceptive. Someone could get very excited by the idea that they'd be able send "arbitrary amounts of money anywhere," meaning any currency and expect it to cost less than regular money transfers, but as I've detailed, that's not necessarily true. By "money" you only mean "bitcoin".
So to rewrite what you wrote:
"I tell them that bitcoin is important because it allows sending arbitrary amounts of bitcoin anywhere in the world in seconds for very small fees, and does not require a trusted third party."
Great. Amazing.
But then, if you consider that you'd be keeping it in bitcoin, the question has to be asked- how useful is bitcoin to the average person? What does it do for them on a day-to-day basis that fiat cannot? I'd argue that fiat is currently a hell of a lot more useable than bitcoin is, from buying candy and snacks, to houses and stocks. Why would anyone want to send it quickly from point A to point B? What's the rush, if it's comparatively very hard to use?
I see the "infancy" argument quite all the time in this regard. But to me it seems like a catch-22. Bitcoin will become usable when it is useful and it will become useful when it is usable. 
I mean, your position is that it's useful because it can allow people to send "money" without the normal fees and in a secure fashion. To me, that sounds pretty useful. What's missing then? If it is useful, why hasn't it caught on?
@_date: 2015-09-21 16:45:42
Basically the attitude the rest of reddit takes towards Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-07-23 07:14:09
What is your understanding of "long time"?
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:06:42
Hmm. Interesting point. I don't know much about the early days of the internet, nor about email, so I'll work with your version here. 
I didn't know that email was once complicated to use. Obviously now it is quite easy. My earliest memories of email are that it was very easy (like I could send an email when I was 9 years old); I didn't have to do any kind of coding to pull it off. I'm going to look into the history of email and get back to you.
And actually I do keep my eye on it! That's why I posted here, I lurk these forums and have done for at least the past year. I've got a book that explains Bitcoin that I'm slowly slogging my way through.
@_date: 2016-10-01 05:01:37
Okay, I'll bite. How many active bitcoin users does the rest of the world have?
@_date: 2016-10-11 23:34:17
And my post was to point out that it's more likely that you spending some deal of time and energy into getting good at something was probably the source of your saving grace.
@_date: 2016-10-11 23:14:45
There are quite a number of ways you could spend years to elevate your status above working at a grocery store.
@_date: 2015-10-01 16:09:48
Venezuela has a population of 30 million.
@_date: 2015-03-12 19:01:30
It seems like all you're really saying here is that the price of bitcoin has risen relatively recently, which is something I imagine everyone here already knows.
You acknowledge your analysis is myopic, so why bother with the speculation? The whole thing reads like a person who is trying to convince themselves of something by tying it to something no one would disagree with. 
The price of bitcoin has gone up. Yes. 
"If we continue at this 'slow' and steady rate till the end of year bitcoin will be over $4000." 
Okay, but why do you think this will be what happens? It's the lack of depth to your reasoning which makes this whole thing sound ridiculous. 
"Hey I get it, if you zoom out 3 months my math falls apart. But by that logic we'll be in a bear market till we cross $1200."
"It's been 2 months since we hit a low of $175, and bitcoin has been steadily increasing since..."
Well, which is it? 2 or 3 months? 
What would your response be to someone who says, "Clearly the price of 175 was an  bear market related extremity. I expect the market to correct itself and for bitcoin to stabilize in value at around 400 USD."
Seriously. 