@_author: imscaredofpuppies
@_date: 2019-10-19 19:44:31
Bitcoin is 60% below its peak, gold isn't, so Bitcoin hasn't systematically produced far better returns it depends on when you bought. Will Bitcoin outperform gold in the next 20 years? I don't have the answer to that and in fact nobody does. Bitcoin has the potential to go 10000% high or go to 0; gold on the other hand is probably going to have the same slow and steady growth it historically had.
@_date: 2019-10-23 20:16:24
Oh yeah, it's all about the feels!
@_date: 2019-05-11 13:11:03
First, I'm not an American, so I'm not speaking out of patriotism. I'm trying to provide some perspective in this very monolithic subreddit (although I'm a crypto supporter myself, to some extent).
My opinion is that the dollar is safe for the foreseeable future, for the reasons I mentioned above (dominance of international trade making it in the interest of most countries to have a valuable USD).
Due to the decades of trade deficits of the US to China, China has huge USD reserves, and it would be really bad for it if the USD lost its value. China is also a large creditor of the US, of debts which are labeled in USD, so that's another reason why it's in the interest of China to have a strong USD.
It is true that China is emerging as a massive power, but this is heavily dependent on its ability to reach North American and European markets, and it can't do that without trading in USD.
Militarily speaking, the US spends 700 times more on its army than China and has been doing so for decades, so the US dominance in that field is here to stay for a long time (this is an acknowledgement not a support to the US army).
@_date: 2019-05-11 11:05:41
First, I'm not American, I'm just trying to objectively read the situation.
A war with North Korea would result in several casualties for the US, a huge shock on the US and world economy, but at the end the US will win the war.
The greater danger with North Korea is if they use these weapons on South Korea and Japan.
All of this is unlikely to happen because the north Koreans want to use the nuclear weapons as a negociation tactic to keep their regime, they don't have the intention to start any war they know they'll lose.
@_date: 2019-05-11 10:50:38
No because they can be stopped by the US, but not the other way around. Military power isn't what inherently gives the dollar it's value, it's the willingness and history of the US government to use power to impose economic dominance and dollar usage.
The comment about eradicating all life on Earth is a hyperbole.
@_date: 2019-05-11 08:33:34
How many shitcoins do you know which have the military power to annihilate all human life on Earth? The USD is backed by the US bullet. It's also backed by the fact that it was and still is the currency used for international trade which led to other nations having huge reserves in USD, and thus having an interest in keeping the dollar valuable. Long story short: the $ is here to stay. (I'm not even mentioning the possibility for the Fed to emit a cryptocurrency and for the US government to outlaw peer-to-peer cryptocurrency exchange above a certain value threshold)
€ suffers from political instability which might lead certain €-nations to recover national currencies, but they won't be running on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-18 12:59:31
My interrogation is more about the fact that there are periods of time when the price is *relatively* stable (Bitcoin price was around $4000 for many months), and suddenly the price jumps near 100% in a few weeks and then becomes highly volatile, all of this while the situation around the technology, adoption, fundamental metrics and news around Bitcoin haven't changed much, certainly not in a way that would justify the price changes.