@_author: imtossingthisout
@_date: 2018-09-17 18:42:18
Having your order ending up as public info by your own consent and having it bought without are two very different things. The dancing in front of a mirror naked is meant to illustrate the feeling of having your trust betrayed. I think you are confused about what I meant about major retailers. I am not talking about brokerages, I'm talking about major retailers who take their portfolios to an investment brokerage who sign confidentiality agreements that their order flow is not to be sold because it could give their competitors an edge over them in the investment market. 
@_date: 2018-09-17 04:08:27
the app totes a *free* day trading and investment platform, but sells it's user data, essentially making a much higher percentage per user than if they charged commission. They also run a scam with a crypto speculation market. The purchase receipt tells you how much crypto you just bought, but deep in the fine print it clearly states that you are taking a position on the market value of a cryptocurrency, and you don't actually own any crypto. So that is another thing millenials are being taken for a spin on.
Big thing people need to remember in this digital age; 
If something is "free", YOU are the product.
@_date: 2018-09-17 08:02:58
Because children and idiots are easy to please; tell them you have something shiny and new for them and it will make all their wildest dreams come true. When it doesn't, just double down and "rally the troops". 
Unsurprisingly, it works the same with politicians and the voting population of sheep.
@_date: 2018-09-17 17:51:12
Anything that has transaction data linked to someone's account is "user data", thats why they call it user data. Privacy is lost because the consumer is under the impression that they aren't giving anything up in return for the "free" trades Robinhood says they do. Order flow is no different, and no, most (definetely not all) brokers do not sell order flow, and the ones that do aren't deceitful about their practice of it. Even in the article it states how much more Robinhood is making off order flow compared to their competitors that follow the same practice. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 00:07:11
you also don't actually own any crypto on RH, red flag number 2.
@_date: 2018-09-11 20:31:54


Okay, this is something that interests me. Not just from a profit standpoint, but from a security one as well. What precautions are being taken in order to verify the security of these nodes? Does the user have unfettered access to whatever transaction goes through their node? Has anyone brought this kind of thing up yet?
@_date: 2018-09-17 19:05:46
My trust hasn't been betrayed, as I don't have a robinhood account. However, people are signing up with the expectation that the app is free to use with free trades and the option to buy crypto. The app isn't free; we've already discussed why. Trades are, but therein lies the caveat that the order flow is sold behind the user's back. The crypto isn't real, it's actually just positions on the current value, but they market it as owning cryptocurrency when you buy the position. 
TL:DR; Robinhood is essentially scamming their users with unethical and questionable practices that anyone with some brain cells can say stay away from. But the masses of millenials are dumb, so they flock to it. I'm not sure if you are suffering from some kind of buyers remorse because you have a robinhood account and are ashamed you got taken for a ride and trying to find a way to justify your decision, or are just passionate about allowing brokerages taking their customers for granted. Whichever it is, I think we're done with our conversation, I think everyone here has seen why RH isn't a good platform to invest with.
@_date: 2018-09-17 18:04:47
Go dance naked in front of a mirror in a closed room to win 10k.
You do it because you are under the impression your privacy is not going to be invaded because there is nobody else in the room. What you don't know is it's a two way mirror and people on the other side paid to watch you dance as you collect 10k.
They don't care that you are naked, all they care about is the quality of your dance moves so they can compare it to the next fools.
It's still your data because input from your actions lead to the order flow data they are buying. This isn't something you sugarcoat, and even most major retailers don't go to brokerages that sell order flow because it shows what kind of moves they are making that give them competitive edges over each other. Having that info get out would be a downside not only to the user but the broker as well for violating that confidentiality agreement.