@_author: in__the__red
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:15:49
The basis of the conspiracy theory I mentioned is just an answer to this question: "How could an entity stop or derail Bitcoin Core to protect the current financial system?". So lets please keep the conversation in context.  Arguing that many things are possible is changing the subject.  I don't believe regulation or other enforcement would be effective and it would be as expensive as the war on terror and the war on drugs, so an entity wouldn't want to start there...  Why not first try to covertly hijack Bitcoin Core through social engineering effort?
There are some very sophisticated forces in the world, so the fact that there isn't any hard evidence of this doesn't surprise me whatsoever.  Many of the Core developers used to believe in increasing the block size, then they almost all just changed their mind suddenly without a strong technical reason. Developers who didn't agree were weeded out from the team through mistreatment.  These two things could be seen as some evidence. 
As long as the Core team genuinely believes they are making the best version of Bitcoin they wouldn't need to know the whole truth about why 1MB is the limit is so very critical.
Why not try to destroy Bitcoin by covertly hijacking the development team, cap the block size, drive up the price to cause mainstream media attention and worldwide speculation, normal HOLDers will sell their bitcoins as the price goes up to the entity with the biggest pockets, all the while the fees get so high that the whole thing becomes completely unusable to anyone for any reason at all.  Once there are very few holders the price is worth basically $0 since the value is directly related to number of users.  Users, not HODLers people....  
IMO that is what has happened to the Core team.  Only time will tell and it could take years to get of the coins from the HODLers as the price just goes up and up and up...  Cryptocurrency has become a geopolitical currency war of power and it will only continue to get worse until the central banking systems collapse as they try to rid the cryptos from the planet.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:20:58
Ok thank you I will upvote when people have nice responses... I only receive down votes here when I bring civilized comments to the table, and I’m genuinely trying to help people open their eyes. 
 It’s ok, because i know that most people don’t look at votes on r/bitcoin because the votes are biased towards BTC.
I do really need to work but I also feel this topic is very important to all of our futures as a civilization.  We are mostly all passionate here so I understand why the downvotes, I just hope they are from genuine BTC users, and not the HODLers, many of whom COULD have thoughts of  grandeur of some future promised vision... 
Glad to hear you are diversified.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:25:01
Think whatever you want, people should USE IT TO REALLY UNDERSTAND WHAT IS GOING ON!!!
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:00:59
Are you crazy? Go look at the mempool... this is what a trainwreck looks like in slow motion.  Hope you bought a low amount...
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:13:07
This is a very volatile time for Bitcoin and it's very geopolitical outside of our control. Don't get caught holding the bag.
You signed up 2 days ago I hope you did you research about what is going on right now.
How do you know SegWit is going to work? Do you understand that the LN would result in a system very similar to the existing financial system?  SegWit is causing mayham right now in the fee market...  Only 10% of addresses use SegWit with a extremely low adoption rate.  
At the rate of fee increases shown in the mempool chart above you wont even be able to afford to move the BTC you own.  Be safe man!
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:46:30
You have to understand how both bcash and bcore work mechanically if you want to survive this space without losing your shirt.  I've done lots of research, read "Mastering Bitcoin", and lots and lots of YouTube lol...  
Bottom line is high fees have nothing to do with popularity.  High fees have to do with how much someone demands to get into a 1MB block.  Each 1MB can only hold ~2,700 txns / 10 min.  There are currently 250,000 unconfirmed transactions in the mempool and rising every day.
With that in mind, please think about the following scenario.... 
What would happen if a large portion of holders suddenly get scared and would like to move their bitcoin out of their hardware wallets to an exchange so they can sell into something else, or just simply buy something??  Everyone will be competing to get into that 1MB block, and the competition drives up the fee price.  Eventually the fee could get so high that you can't even afford to move your bitcoin.  The only people who can move BTC are the whales, whom are going to sell before you every get a chance to move your bitcoins.  
Whales selling would cause the price to drop further due to flood of supply, only the HODLers and the governments will be the ones buying.  So the price will go back up again.  Each time this crash happens, the government buys more and more bitcoin core.  At somepoint you HODLers try to go buy more but can't cause there are so many HODLers and governements trying to buy BTC the thing is useless because nobody can afford the fees.
After a while they will turn Bitcoin into the existing banking system using LN and sidechains, etc... It will all be too expensive for any normal person to use at all.
This is the ENTIRE reason the August fork occurred, 8MB blocks which is plenty of room for everyone to use their money without being censored out of the market with high fees due to crazy price volatility.  
In the long run I believe larger blocks would allow the price to stabilize since people are confident they can move their money whenever they want.  With Bitcoin Core who knows how long you will be able to afford the fees.  I personally believe it's all by design to kill or takeover control of Bitcoin.
You have to vote for which system you believe in. The status quo or the original vision of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:16:07
Regardless of what anyone says the market (i.e. people using crypto)  will decide what is useful and what is not useful.  
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:32:46
The theory isn't crazy.  It is entirely plausible, and I think highly likely, that a group could be able to covertly take over control of Bitcoin Core to try and keep the status quo of the financial industry.  Blockstream could be a shell, you don't know otherwise.
This argument is pointless anyways, in the long run the global market demand will ultimately find the most efficient way to have global financial system that allows everyone to have 100% control of their own property.  
Any system unable to adapt will suffer greatly on the global stage.
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:34:08
One of the most useful life skills you will ever learn is the ability to change your mind.  I change my mind all the time regarding matters where I only have limited information which changes over time.  You will call it manipulation, and I call it experience. 
Trust me, I once hated BCH too.  But after carefully listening to both sides, and simply trying to move from one address to another, I changed my mind.  I will probably change my mind again... I can't predict the future.
I have to go to work now, I wish you luck, sir.
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:18:07
how often do you actually use bitcoin?  It seems like not much, because BTC is very expensive and very slow.  Crypto users all over the world are switching to Bitcoin Cash and many many other cryptos.  I respectfully ask you to do your research before you get wrecked when investing in crypto.  You will learn that there is not just one Bitcoin, and there are many other more economical and useful alternatives. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:58:40
Why does this have to result in a personal attack on me?
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:57:16
Sorry.  OK good, just want to make sure you really understand what you've bought into.  Just remember the original vision doesn't necessarily match the original name.  
Would you do me a favor and please read my long post below and let me know if that's a possible scenario?  Or do you see it playing out some other way?