@_author: in_der_tat
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:25:46
Has any SurBitcoin representative spoken about the funds in bolivars which were requested to be withdrawn but are held in the exchange?
@_date: 2018-02-23 12:01:40
I read it's an Ethereum-based ERC20 token.
@_date: 2016-10-17 14:33:52


The fundamental value of house, an apartment complex or even an entire residential area can be zero or negative, see [here]( - *a fortiori* in this case there can be no revenue either. Heck, the whole housing industry of a country could be nothing more than a [bubble](
The quality of being tangible doesn't confer any special status upon houses: they're no better than government bonds or stamps.
I understand the "fundamental value" of an asset to be the equilibrium price within a non-short time-frame. In the end, the value of many things we buy turns negative, like a perfectly working, never unpacked CRT monitor. Why? Because there is no intrinsic value of anything: the value of an asset is what we are willing to pay for it. Before the eyes of a severely dehydrated man in the desert a bottle of water is worth more than all the world's gold bullions, and he'd want to give all of his belongings in exchange for it.


This is a rather interesting view you have about company owners. So, according to this view, the average capitalist does nothing. Sticking to the point, there is no difference between capital gain and rental income. Same passive kind of income.


Speculation differs from investment mainly in the degree of risk; however, the latter is not risk-free. If one wants to speculate then he should be free to do so.


Speculation differs from fraud, and law may give you a proper insight on the differences.
@_date: 2016-10-17 11:35:15


It is not a service, but usufruct. The owner, nor anyone on behalf of him, is doing anything.


Speculation is precisely the earning derived from the price difference in time (and if you replace 'time' with 'place' you get arbitrage) and there is no illogical limitation as to whether it affects one or more people.


No, speculation is when one buys in the hope of future gains. The price increase be either a bubble or a change in fundamentals, or a realignment after a period of undervaluation.
@_date: 2016-10-19 18:41:40


If that were true after a company goes bankrupt shareholders would be entitled to its real property, and [this is not the case](
@_date: 2016-10-17 10:53:52


This is interest (rent) over capital (property). 
The only legitimate way real estate can increase its value, that is, its sale price, is through refurbishment. Any other real price increase is due to speculation, for example, because there are more people in town or the neighbourhood was gentrified.
@_date: 2016-10-18 14:45:32


There surely is a critical distinction between [passive and non-passive income](


Ponzi schemes are, in fact, fraud. Speculation is not.


You wrote:


I'll quote myself:


I would be very grateful if you could provide an explanation regarding what, in your view, is a Ponzi scheme as well as the minimum requirements a financial instrument would have to fulfil in order to be a Ponzi scheme. Thank you.
@_date: 2016-10-19 17:33:58


In the case of stocks, falls can be happen suddenly. Also, on average, you would have to hold shares for more than 14 years and a hundred days in order to reap an amount equal to the principal.


Bitcoin is effectively subject to demurrage: miners, the issuing entity, charge a sum which is the cost of maintaining the network.
@_date: 2016-10-18 13:37:16


And I disagree with categorising a static protection, be it natural or man-made, against the elements as a service, because it is not an action. And if it is not an action, it is not a service.
We have irreconcilable views on this, so let's agree to disagree.


If a house merely exists then it is doing what houses do.


Please note the italic typeface.


You add no information. You're saying that speculation is like a Ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2016-10-17 18:32:58


[See]( how solid it can be.
From the same video, let's include [cars](
Another example with [smartphones](
Waste is solid too, but in negative territory: it is, in fact, a liability.


Would you care to explain how a house can be equated to a company? More specifically, how can a company earnings, which depend on the services offered or the products sold, be assimilated with rental income?


Well, sure, this is buttfantasy.


Of course, nobody is saying one should suspend his rational reasoning, and this also applies to categorising Bitcoin as a Ponzi scheme or as a speculative asset. It can't be the former because there are no fraudulent sums being paid upfront to justify the promise of astonishing returns. Moreover, there is no "Bitcoin CEO" who can make such a promise, and the documentation, such as en.bitcoin.it/wiki/, doesn't contain one.
@_date: 2016-10-18 12:22:31


I'm not aware of the situation in Brazil, but in Europe the backbone of the manufacturing sector are small and medium enterprises where owners are also managers.
Let's focus then on the difference between a company and a house. As I said, the first one is an organisation which makes products or offers services, the second one does nothing but merely existing; in other words, it does not make products, nor it offers services.


Precisely: they all perform actions! Humans or machines. When you head to a vending machine you're not renting it to get your soda.


A house performs no action. It just exists.
Let's consider, once again, another [*arbitrary*]( definition:


Rent, a permission to benefit from something (typically the enjoyment of property), as opposed to service, an action performed to satisfy a certain need or desire. I can't see how you can't see it.


"Investing" in an instrument that has only speculative demand is not investment: it's speculation! (speculation isn't investment, that's right). And speculation does not equate to Ponzi schemes.
Would you mind explaining what, in your view, is a Ponzi scheme, in the broadest possible way?
@_date: 2016-10-17 00:04:12
In the real world speculators sometimes do serve a [purpose]( which is probably restricted to providing market liquidity and efficiency in Bitcoin land, though I agree on the fact that most of the time speculation is a sterile activity which extracts wealth from others. I still don't think the term hides anything given that any decent explanation includes this aspect.
A person who only uses Bitcoin to transfer funds within hours or days would frame the issue as *exchange rate risk* and, to be fair, there aren't only losses.
In any case, I don't see any fraudulent returns being promised and earned merely by using Bitcoin as a medium of exchange; sure, if a user wants to hold bitcoins he should be aware of the speculative nature of this asset and that he would be turning into a speculator himself.
@_date: 2016-10-19 21:26:24
Sorry, it came out wrong.
What I meant to say was that an investor doesn't buy shares of a company to own 'chunks of real property', but to profit from the activity of it. In fact, the value of a company, which can be entirely non-physical, lies in its success and profitability, not in its real property.
It appears to me you are biased in favour of tangible assets even though the economy is becoming [ever more intangible](
@_date: 2016-10-17 12:06:02
It seemed to me that you equated speculation with bubble and, as we've seen, this is a form of speculation and not the only one.
There is no difference between a bitcoiner who buys at 100 and sells at 120 and a house owner who does the same.
Also, I've perceived a value judgment whereby a price increase in tangible assets is a "service", even when the owner is just a free-rider who did nothing; that's why I mentioned the (moral) legitimacy.
In the end, I saw an asymmetric reasoning on top of a wrong terminology and an incorrect understanding of speculation.
@_date: 2016-10-18 16:47:42


Not quite. If regulatory authorities deem an asset to be unlawful the investment is gone, either through force (asset seizure) or due to the ensuing price crash (the US is a lighthouse whose beam reaches all the West).


This is a personal opinion. A warning like "potential losses: 100%" would suffice (note the presence of *potential*).


When you buy a lottery ticket you invest with the hope of reaping, for example, a 10^(9):1 profit margin over the capital invested. Such hope is bound to a 3*10^(8):1 probability, but you're willing to undertake such a hopeless activity because 1) it is still possible for you to win and 2) the capital invested is small.
When you buy shares in a Ponzi scheme your money goes directly to the fraudsters, with the exception of a minimal fraction of it which is used to lure other incautious investors. The entire capital invested will vanish with all certainty.
When you buy bitcoins now, you inject 100 and you extract not far from 100 within days. Being a highly volatile asset, of course you're subject to wide oscillations in longer periods; however, Bitcoin has been up and running for almost eight years now.
@_date: 2016-10-16 23:12:48


What you mean is termed *speculation*. You may want to revise the definition of Ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2016-10-19 15:48:14
If you take a long enough time-frame the value of every stock or bond will inevitably go to zero. Actually, as time goes by, in the entrepreneurial world the needed time-frame is [increasingly shorter](


Mind you, the degree of loss is remarkably different.
Question: how can you create a private currency that is fiduciary money and that doesn't have a disparity in value between introduction and a later point in time? In other words, how can you create a private currency which is fiduciary money and which has value from the beginning? I don't think you can.
@_date: 2016-10-18 10:43:49


You're confirming you hold the view that company owners do nothing.


First, there is no "new real wealth". Second, it is not a service, such as the one offered in hotels which comprises hygiene (bet sheets, bathroom towels change, room cleanliness), room tidiness, utilities enjoyment (water, electricity, gas in the form of warmth), TV, Wi-Fi, food service, touristic information, etc.
A service is an *action*. It differs from renting which is a *concession*.
I'd warmly invite you to revise both the [definition]( and [etymology]( of "service", in Portuguese as well.


The alternatives aren't either investment or Ponzi, the latter of which is always fraudulent. There is speculation in between.
Again, you make the mistake of equating speculation to Ponzi schemes.
@_date: 2016-10-17 10:30:42


Real estate inversion turns into speculation when there is more demand than there is now, or when the real price rises for other factors ([such as QE]( and this happens more often than not.
@_date: 2016-10-18 16:06:42
A highly/purely speculative asset should be called highly/purely speculative asset, and users should be informed and warned in these terms.


Lawyers would probably disagree on that "like" (and their clients as well, considering that prison isn't *like* liberty).
@_date: 2016-07-08 20:12:16
Why don't you collect your fees in bitcoins instead of bolivars?
@_date: 2016-07-08 20:22:54
It's likely they think SurBitcoin is the only convenient marketplace and aren't aware of LocalBitcoins or perhaps prices on the latter are unattractive to them.
Aside from peer-to-peer trades those are the only markets in Venezuela, though.
@_date: 2016-07-09 00:03:57
@_date: 2016-07-08 19:49:17
It was reported that those two guys didn't have the required import paperwork for their mining equipment and that they broke the "law of the exchange rate regime and its transgressions" which defines the currency controls. To give you an idea, merely posting the dollar rate as quoted in the black market can get you jailed, so it's likely they just showed the price on the basis of the black dollar, which is illegal (direct pricing is not).
Buying, owning, selling bitcoins is not illegal and I don't think mining is, either, even though to this end there may be some caveats regarding electricity as it's heavily subsidized and isn't plentiful.