@_author: inc_reddit_ible
@_date: 2017-05-09 21:15:53
I am happy that my input is valued by you, and that the information I which I have shared is of some help. I hope that you can manage to resolve the issue. Good luck!
@_date: 2017-05-09 20:11:09
I'm rather new to the world of Bitcoin, but when I was provided with the screenshot from your Multibit application that you linked - I was able to guess at the following information affiliated with your address of **1HTFR9WByjNrQgAsZsXUFim5Jzd8ukTofu**:
It appears that you have been using that address since June 8th of 2016 when you loaded your wallet with approximately 8.45 BTC as the first transfer.
Following this initial exchange, there were fifteen other payments sent or received from the very same address. With the final, sixteenth transaction occurring on May 1st (the Monday of last week), there is no record of a 2.62 BTC transaction at [the related page on BlockExplorer.com](
With the additional details found within your screenshot that depicts the "missing 2.62 BTC" which you are trying to recover, it is apparent that the pending/unresolved transaction was attempted on June 14th 2016.
This would have been your second transaction on the blockchain using that address, but instead on August 3, 2016 - there is an altogether different series of exchanges... which skips over the one depicted in your screenshot entirely.
It appears that your missing bitcoins were never successfully sent or received in the first place, and without any record of the transaction on the blockchain - they are probably just an unconfirmed exchange which never actually took place.
Have you communicated with the individual who sent you the bitcoin, and tried to resolve things with any further information provided from their end?
Is there any other information that you might be able to provide, such as the presence of other unresolved transactions in the MultiBit application? Have you performed an actual calculation of all of your spending and receiving transactions in order to see if there is actually indeed missing funds?
Whatever happens, I wish you the best of luck - and I wish that I could have been more helpful!