@_author: incredulous_bixby
@_date: 2014-02-24 15:36:35
Spot on.  Bitcoins are a simply a calculated bet that there will be a bigger fool than you, and will pay a larger price than you did.
I'd like to know the amount of transaction volume due to speculation vs. due to commerce.  Until the commerce volume outweighs the speculation volume, I don't think it's fair to call Bitcoin a currency.
@_date: 2014-05-16 18:16:24
Bitcoin behaves more like a bartered asset right now than a medium of exchange or a currency.  Get it right, Dutch court!
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:49:45
Has bitcoin overthrown the corrupt fiat system yet?  Or are we still waiting?
@_date: 2014-03-20 20:22:03
Bill Miller is right on the money.  Why is everyone on so excited?  Not because bitcoin is a currency; because bitcoin is a speculative asset with the **potential** to be a currency with a higher price than it has now.  People are excited because bitcoin is going up, up, up!  Bitcoin holders are making money.  These are the boom years, and booms are fueled by speculation.
Speculation this will be the next big thing.  Speculation there is a bigger fool than you, that'll pay more than you paid.  Speculation that this is the start of something great, and you want to get on board.  Speculation that you'll be able to make a few bucks before the bubble pops.  Speculation that there is no BTC bubble, and that buying and holding bitcoin is the way to go.
It's not a currency yet, there are only a handful of people actually selling things or buying things with bitcoin.  Half the retailers that accept bitcoin haven't even had one person purchase something with bitcoin.  There have probably been more retail transactions with bartered pigs and chickens than bitcoins in the last year.  
Will BTC be a legitimate currency in 5 years?  Bill Miller seems to think so.  If enough people agree with him, they'll write their own history and make it so.
@_date: 2014-02-18 04:47:34
We've seen between 0 and 5 percent since the late70's or early 80's. A little over 30 years isn't too bad.  Especially considering that it's the longest period of relative monetary stability the US dollar has seen.
Incidentally, this corresponds suspiciously with the final abandonment of the last vestiges of the gold standard (Bretton Woods) in 1971.  It took about a decade for the treasury to figure things out, but once they did, the inflation rate has been pretty stable.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:53:40
You'd almost think that those imperfect institutions like the SEC are better than nothing at all.
@_date: 2014-02-19 03:39:18
That's a good point, actually.  There is rigorous tracking of all transactions, which could be useful.
It'd make doing taxes a snap, provided you have the raw computing horsepower to churn through all those blockchains.
@_date: 2014-02-18 03:10:56
It is different from gold because it has no practical use outside of being a currency.
Gold isn't only worth something because it is pretty and shiny (although it is those things too) in addition to those superfluous properties, it is also a great conductor of electricity, it is useful in circuitry, it can be hammered to an extremely thin leaf, making it useful as a non-oxidizing metallic layer that can cover and protect less resilient metals.  Anyway, you get my point.  Gold is worth something because humans think it is, which is one aspect of gold's worth.  But the true worth of gold (and silver, and property and oil, etc...) goes much deeper than faith.  There are other attributes that make it valuable even outside of a market where it can be used as a means of wealth storage and transfer.
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is not worth anything outside of use as a mechanism for value exchange.  Claiming it is worth something because people spent a lot of time and effort to get it is just an example of the "sunk cost fallacy".  You could polish a turd for forty hours a week, for a year, but at the end of the year you still don't have anything of value.
Now, to be fair, I'm not denigrating the reality of fiat currencies, in fact I think they're a good solution.  They allow us to break free of the unpredictable side-effects of commodity based currencies and have something that is ONLY used as a means of storing and transferring wealth.
The fatal flaw, in my mind, for bitcoin is that it is a depreciating currency.  There are a limited number of bitcoins, and when they're all mined...  the supply is exhausted.  From that day forward, due to misplacement and saving, the bitcoin supply will gradually shrink.  This prevents bitcoin from serving it's primary function of being a currency. 
Instead what it will (and has already) become is a highly volatile investment mechanism.  Rife with corruption, and susceptible to well-monied interests artificially manipulating the market to bilk the simpleton out of his money.
Until these (and other) issues are resolved and we see some kind of bitcoin 2.0, I plan to steer well clear of this faux currency.
@_date: 2014-03-20 19:34:46
I love that you're getting downvoted for your 100% correct statement.
Bitcoin **IS, HAS BEEN,** and almost certainly always **WILL BE** a volatile asset.  Because there is no centralized authority injecting or withdrawing bitcoins from the system to keep the price stable -like the Federal Reserve does with the US dollar via interest rates and quantitative easing- the price will fluctuate with market demand.
This is the exact problem (well, not everyone looks at it as a problem I suppose...) that the gold standard had, and it's why governments moved toward fiat currency.  They couldn't handle the booms and busts of a fixed currency.
*Bitcoin has been intentionally designed to prevent any one central authority from fixing the price, which means that it's going to be a volatile asset.*  **Forever.  Period.**  
It's an intentional part of the architecture people, stop trying to pretend like it isn't.
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:40:33
Regulations are there to prevent fraud.  Maybe if the regulators had gotten there earlier, all the people on mtgox wouldn't be losing all their money.
@_date: 2014-03-20 19:39:30


It's not really a matter of perspective, you're simply wrong.  
Compared to any currency or asset, bitcoin is tremendously volatile.  Pick your asset:  gold, USD, silver, peaches, pork bellies or cans of soda.  Now think "how much of this can I buy with 1 BTC?  How much could I buy last week?  How much could I buy last month?"  
If the number of things you can buy with 1 BTC changes more than 2 or 3 percent per year, than you've got yourself a volatile asset.
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:56:39
Ponzi scheme?  No.  Asset bubble?  Possibly.  Currency?  No.
Bitcoin is simply a fabricated asset that is primarily speculated upon, and occasionally used for barter.  There are lots of hurdles yet to be overcome before you could call bitcoin a true currency.
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:45:41
The inflation adjusted value of the dollar over the same time period is pretty much a flat line.
Inflation adjusted, the 2013 dollar is worth about 98 cents in 2014.
Just like a currency should be.  Because a highly volatile currency is a tragedy when you use it at your primary mechanism of exchange.  Currencies should be stable and boring.
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:44:34


So apparently every currency in the world BUT bitcoin had a good week.


* Transactions take a number of minutes to complete, which is impractical for a currency. Imagine standing in line at a grocery store waiting for the guy ahead of you to have his transaction validated.
* The total number of bitcoins are fixed, which means the currency will fluctuate and tend to deflate over time.  This leads to weird situations like people who are paid in bitcoin getting a reduced number of bitcoin for their annual salary every year, and items priced in bitcoin constantly getting cheaper as the economy expands.  This is advantageous for people who already have a lot of bitcoin, and (in a bitcoin only economy) will favor the wealthy over the poor.
* The blockchain will continue to grow, and eventually you'll need several gigs of storage space to hold your wallet.  OR you'll be forced to keep your bitcoin in a bank.
* Bitcoin only works on the internet.  Without internet connectivity, bitcoin is worthless.
* Modifications to the bitcoin protocol require everyone to accept, making updates to the protocol extremely difficult.
Just to name a few.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:23:53
Bitcoin is currently a poor currency because it's price is extremely volatile.  Imagine if you'd signed a two year rent contract in 2011 to pay 100 bitcoin a month, and you would owe 500 bitcoin if you wanted out of the contract early.  You'd be out on the street now, and your landlord would be coming at you in court for all you're worth.  You'd be bankrupt.
While a currency can be both an investment asset and a currency, it normally *behaves* like one or the other.  Currencies need to be stable, and the architecture of bitcoin doesn't allow for that, very similar to the gold standard.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:03:23
I don't think you understand the concept of intrinsic value.  Intrinsic value is the usefulness of something outside of it's use as money.
Food, for example, has intrinsic value beyond it's ability to store wealth since you can eat it and it will keep you alive.  Even if nobody wants to buy your hamburger, you can still eat it if you are hungry.
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:44:56
Totally agree, and I'm right there with you.
Before I start, let me say that it's not that I don't like Bitcoin, it's that I see it as a combination of the worst parts of the gold standard (a fixed money supply) and the worst parts of fiat currency (no, or very very low intrinsic value). Combine that with a requirement on global internet infrastructure and the fallibility of human programmers, and you've got a digital currency built on a very shaky foundation.
Anyway, why do I stick around? Basically, I enjoy watching the ups and downs of 3,000 years of banking digitally recreated, and reenacted in the most realistic way possible. Bitcoin zealots have sunk their life savings into this project, and they're playing for keeps. They've committed their fortunes to their roles, and it makes their performances that much more genuine.
Stuff that took decades to happen with traditional gold/silver, banks, exchanges and nation states are taking only weeks with Bitcoin. Booms and busts happen with the normal rhythmic regularity of a fixed money supply, except they happen at 20x the speed. Many of the traps seen in the 1800's are resurfacing in exactly the same way and for exactly the same reasons as economists have speculated. This effect is exacerbated by the fact that many of the Bitcoin faithful refuse to take any sort of historical criticism, claiming that this is a "new paradigm" or "this time it's different" or "there is no such thing as intrinsic value", etc... etc... The collective, willful ignorance of a large segment of the Bitcoin user base only fuels the engines that drive the Bitcoin market from it's intended target of a internet-based exchange system toward a wholesale recreation of the flaws and strengths of the gold standard.
The most exciting part of Bitcoin, and the reason I'm motivated to stick around, is to find out what will happen next. As the Bitcoin economy lurches forward, they're drawing ever closer to the point where economies of old were forced to abandon a fixed money supply and move to a paper, fiat money system. What will happen when bitcoin hits that pivot point? The point where the market is seizing, and nobody has a good way to unlock it... Will the Bitcoin faithful engineer a way out of the problem, and prove to us that a fixed money supply can be tenable for a global marketplace, or will Bitcoin simply implode and take the fortunes of it's users with it? Also, if Bitcoin does come to an end, how will it end? Will it be a slow, steady decline or a sudden catastrophic extinction? I'm not sure what the answers to these questions will be, but at the pace Bitcoin is currently recreating history it shouldn't take more than two or three years to find out. If Bitcoin lives, and thrives, and destroys online transaction companies like Paypal I'll be thrilled. If Bitcoin dies and takes the fortunes of it's users with it, I will truly hate to say "I told you so".
**Edit:**  Thanks friendly stranger!  This is the first time I have gotten reddit gold, and I'm very excited that it was on a post about my favorite topic:  economics!
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:39:59
First, I'd say that I doubt Wall Street will want to touch anything as risky as is mentioned in this WSJ article.  It's reminiscent of the bank holidays and bank runs of the late 1800's and early 1900's.
Secondly, I don't think you WANT Wall Street in bitcoin.  They'll come in and try to find a way to profiteer from both price increases and price decreases.  Just wait until a hoard of well-heeled short sellers gets into bitcoin and runs the market into the ground.  Bitcoin is still a small enough marketpace that if someone with a billion dollars (which is chump change for the big wall street firms) came in, they would absolutely wreck the place.
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:44:21
But you can't eat a bitcoin.  :-)
@_date: 2014-02-18 05:23:19
A good thought, but I'd challenge you with this.  When the US was on the gold standard nobody actually carried around gold or silver.  They used paper reserve notes which could be exchanged (in theory) for gold or silver.  Perhaps you've seen a silver certificate.  It looks basically like a normal dollar bill, except it was actually worth a certain weight in silver.
This is all a long way of saying that under the gold standard, people didn't actually carry around the gold or silver anyway.  So it, too, could be infinitely sub-divided.  It would be a bit strange to think about having a silver certificate that could be exchanged for .001 oz of silver, but nothing would have prevented that system from functioning perfectly well.
The bigger issue with gold (as well as with bitcoin) is the limited ability that our governmental financial institutions have to make changes in a crisis.  When the market is in the grip of a financial panic, the first thing most people (and companies) do is stockpile currency.  They don't want to loan out money (either on the stock/bond market or elsewhere) because during the throes of a panic, it is very difficult to determine which entities are solvent and which aren't.  Every dollar you've loaned out is one dollar you may not get back.
So everyone slows down their spending, which means that others stop producing.  The lower production causes more people to slow down spending, and things spiral down into oblivion.  People refer to this as the financial markets "seizing up" or sometimes call it a "liquidity trap".  It also corresponds to rapid deflation, since everyone is hoarding their money and won't lend it or spend it.  Dollars become scarce, and their value goes up.  The longer people hoard money, the higher the values goes.  This is what happened in the great depression, as well as several other depression cycles prior to it.
The reason the major powers of the world switched to paper currency is so their central banks could break out of the liquidity trap by printing or threatening to print money.
When people who are hoarding money catch wind that the government is going to expand the money supply, they know that their currency is worth more today than it will be tomorrow.  This causes them to spend it, loan it or otherwise use it in an effort to maximize the value of their money.  Unlike during the great depression, where the best way to maximize the value of your money was to hold on to it.
When society collectively begins to spend their money again, production goes up, which incentivizes more spending and so on.  Eventually, the economy is humming along again.
To sum it all up, even though bitcoin is infinitely divisible, the total supply is still fixed.  If there were a bitcoin liquidity trap there would be no way for anyone to step in and break the system by introducing more currency.  We've tried this exact scenario when we were on the gold standard, and it caused a lot of problems.  Fiat currency can cause problems too, but normally they're less traumatic than the alternative and at least governments can do something to alter that.
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:47:58
Oh, I completely understand bitcoin.  The architecture forces permanent transactions.  I get that.  But there needs to be some mechanism for getting your money back when fraud has been proven.  Or, instead of that, a built in transaction cost to insure capital put up in the transaction.
@_date: 2014-02-18 01:58:58
But bitcoin IS created from thin air, and it IS fiat currency.  Bitcoin has no intrinsic value.  It is worth something only because some group says it is.
It's worthwhile to learn why the US (and Britain, and the entire world) moved away from a metallic based currency to a paper based currency.  A currency with a fixed, slow changing monetary base (the amount of gold in the world) proved too difficult to use during times of crisis.  The extreme deflationary nature of the value of gold during a crisis made most of the world's currency illiquid at the time when the economy most needed liquidity.  Basically, the global economy needed the ability to rapidly create money.  Hence, paper currency.
Now it's not a flawless scheme, if you can create money out of thin air, what keeps the banks of the world from creating as much as they want?  Well, as the Weimar Republic in Germany showed us, nothing.  Extreme inflation proved nearly as bad as deflation.  The only critical difference is that human institutions could DO something about extreme inflation.  The could stop printing money.  They could do nothing about extreme deflation when on the gold standard.
It is the helplessness of the institutions of our society to help rectify crisis that drove us to paper money.  If we are wise, we will heed the lessons of our grandfathers and realize that an inherently volatile and deflationary currency is a bad thing.
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:29:52
Haha, whatever.  Rationalize stealing however you want to.
**If you evade taxes, you are stealing from everyone.  Period**
I'm done here.
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:41:02
So this is true for a scenario where you don't take into account loans and long term financial contracts, but becomes problematic when you do.
With a federal reserve system that has certain inflationary targets, and is usually able to meet them, it's relatively straightforward to write a contract for 5, 10 maybe even 30 years.  
As a thought experiment, pretend you're a lender giving out a 10 year loan denominated in Bitcoin. You don't have a federal reserve targeting a particular inflation rate, and naturally you don't have perfect knowledge of the market.  How do you set the terms of your loan?  Do you decide that BTC will deflate, and actually set a negative rate of return?  Do you assume BTC will inflate and set a positive rate of return?  And if you do, how high do you set those rates?
The risk to both the lender and the borrower in this scenario is that some unforseen event somewhere else in the economy changes the value of the money so much that either the borrower or lender is forced to default.  With a flexible monetary base and competent federal reserve leadership, this chain-reaction of default can be quarantined.  With a fixed money supply, everyone is forced to sit back nearly helpless while businesses with sound business plans and sound financials are sucked into the vortex of a shifting store of value.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:15:02
You're hoping that the deflationary pressure of a fixed-based monetary system can be overcome by the relative ease of spending and subdividing that resource.
History has indicated that this is not true, but I guess time will tell.
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:38:40
Bitcoin may have a future, as a medium of exchange online.  However, it is currently being treated as a commodity and not a currency.  The bubble will burst, the value will settle down somewhere probably around 20 to 40 bucks per bitcoin.  It'll stabilize for a few months or years, and will then finally perhaps become useful as currency. (Assuming there aren't any flaws in the architecture that cause a total collapse)
The bitcoin framework has vulnerabilities and weaknesses,  some of which are inherent in the architecture and cannot be overcome without great upheaval to the fledgling bitcoin marketplace.  Whether these can be overcome or worked around remains to be seen. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:34:24
I'll tip my hat to the new constitution
Take a bow for the new revolution
Smile and grin at the change all around me
Pick up my guitar and play
Just like yesterday
And I'll get on my knees and pray
We don't get fooled again
Don't get fooled again
**Meet the new boss, same as the old boss**
@_date: 2014-02-18 01:40:34
Deflationary money has a track record of more severe bubbles and bursts than inflationary.
I'm not really wed to either.  (Well, except by decree, I guess I'm wed to the US dollar...)  I personally see the deflationary nature of bitcoin as more of a hindrance than a help, but I'm holding out hope that one day it'll be resolved.
@_date: 2014-03-10 20:49:57
The thing to remember is that there IS value in bitcoin.  It's an audacious solution to the issues surrounding online transactions, fees surrounding wiring money to other countries, and a whole host of other issues with international and electronic money transfers.  Unfortunately I think the flaws in it's core architecture are such that we will never think of the prices of things in BTC.  It will never become a true currency.
It may, however, lay some groundwork for a future electronic currency that is more adequately prepared to face the challenges of a global economy and a highly dynamic marketplace.
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:08:26
I hear the US government has taken the paper wallet thing seriously, and is now printing bills that are legal tender for all debts, both public and private.
I'm not sure if this non-cryptocurrency will ever catch on, but it seems to have a lot of advantages.  
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:59:32
The relative illiquidity if bitcoin will probably also help keep them away.
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:56:32
MtGox is basically a bitcoin bank.  Just like the banks during the great depression, they close up one night, the owners clean out the vault and away they go.
Or, if they're a little sneakier, they know they have a large enough stockpile of bitcoin to greatly affect the market.  So they take a bank holiday, use venture capital to buy up bitcoin on the cheap from their customers, then reopen and trickle out bitcoin to their own side wallets which they sell on higher priced exchanges.
There are so many ways to fleece their customers, it simply boggles the mind.  Combine the ease with which they can legally "take the money and run" and the risk of future insolvency as governments and banks begin regulating bitcoin, the temptation may be too great for them to pass up.  They may see the writing on the wall for them as a company, or for bitcoin as a currency, and are looking to cash in before the world falls around them.
@_date: 2014-02-19 04:00:39
Fiat money is any money without intrinsic value, that is declared by a government (or in this case group of people) to be legal tender.
I will agree that bitcoin is a more novel approach to creating money, since rather than being decreed by the government, it is decreed by the users of the currency.  But in the end it is still money by decree.
Now, you can SAY that nothing has intrinsic value, but if you talk to any economist or a monetarist they would tell you otherwise.  In fact, they created the term intrinsic value in order to separate it from the idea of market value.  Market value is what someone will pay for the item (and is normally subject to market fluctuations) where intrinsic value is an attempt to quantify the usefulness of the asset without regard to market fluctuation or to the propensity for the item to be used as a mechanism of storing value.
[You can even read up on what I'm talking about here on Wikipedia](
@_date: 2014-02-27 15:28:47


Yes, and they've done exactly that many times.  In fact, gold was only relatively recently allowed for use in transactions again.  It had been banned since the 1930's.  Don't believe me?  
[See here](
[Or here](
@_date: 2014-02-20 14:31:44
a true believer.  their tears will be the most bitter.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:42:10
It had a fixed money supply, which means prices will rise and fall as the economy grows/shrinks.  A money supply that can be dynamically changed by a central bank can increase the amount of money when the economy grows, and decrease it when the economy shrinks.  Thereby keeping the prices relatively stable.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:05:47
Yeah, you tell that old geezer how to tell what money looks like, natoshisakimoto!  Someone needs to stand up to people like Warren Buffett and show them where the REAL value is!
@_date: 2014-03-10 21:30:52
The issue has to do with people's natural behavior when things start to go bad.  They naturally "flee to safety", in most cases this means selling assets and holding currency.
When currency is synonymous with gold (IE: the gold standard) the value of gold starts to go up and up.  This makes people MORE inclined to not spend their gold, which makes the value go even higher.  This is a deflationary seizure of the market, and exactly what happened during the great depression.  (And several other booms and busts before it)  You may hear it called a liquidity crisis or a liquidity trap by economists, as everyone is incentivized to NOT spend or loan their money making the entire marketplace less and less liquid.
The turning point (in my mind) came when the governments of the world realized that these booms and busts in the market came from each person behaving rationally for himself (hoarding gold) but having an adverse effect on the entire market (seizing of liquidity).  Central banks of the world needed a way to inject the markets with new money to convince the currency hoarders that the purchasing power of their money was going to be better today than tomorrow due to inflation.  They would then start to spend their money, and the liquidity trap would be broken.
Unfortunately, you can't conjure gold out of thin air, leading to the change to fiat currency...  (which could be conjured out of thin air)  Now the differentiation in the worth of currencies comes not from the value of the base metal, but from the trustworthiness of the institutions that control the money supply.  The United States has been the best manager of it's money, which is why the US dollar is still the reserve currency of the world.
@_date: 2014-02-18 04:57:27
The only way to prevent artificial transaction volume is to charge a small fee for each transaction.  It would have to be high enough to prevent a transaction volume that would destabilize the currency, but low enough to not impede the normal flow of commerce.
The fee itself may have to be dynamic, and scale with the increase or decrease of transactions.  Most likely to correspond with the subsequent payout to the miners processing the transactions.
I *think* it could work, but we can also see from history that as quickly as people can think of a good solution to a problem, someone else will find a way to rent-seek by manipulating the algorithm. After all, there are a limited number of problem solvers, and a virtually unlimited number of manipulators.  It doesn't matter how smart the problem solvers are, they're simply out-gunned.  I think that adequately sums up all of Wall Street, quite frankly. 
The only thing I know for sure is that the more complicated the system, the more ripe it is for plunder.  Whatever the solution, it has to be pretty straightforward.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:50:07


Yes, yes, many people told me the same things back when bitcoin was 1200 dollars and going to hit the moon.  Bitcoin is a novel mechanism, but the fundamentals are still the same.  It is a fiat currency with a fixed money supply.  The underlying technology is genius, but the foundational concepts will probably need some tweaking before it can be anything other than a speculative asset.


I already talked about that.  See above.


Currently exchanges take quite some time to process transactions converting bitcoin to currency.  During that time, the exchanges are sitting on a lot of money.  Even if a major bitcoin exchange manipulated or stole the bitcoins that are currently pending, it would be a large sum of money.  Also, dramatic shifts in the value of bitcoin during this period could cause weaker exchanges to become insolvent.
Fortunately the exchanges don't make loans, they don't use the fractional reserve system, and there is no central body to enforce capital requirements.  Things will probably stagger along for a while, and eventually (hopefully) the weaker, poorly run exchanges will die an the survivors will pave the way for a more robust system.
@_date: 2014-05-14 16:03:29


I completely agree with the idea that the best way to promote growth is through stability of the currency, but I don't agree that a fixed protocol will ever be able to handle that task.  At best, the protocol will have to continually change to accommodate changes and advances in the economy.
It's tempting to assume that a monetary system with a relatively fixed currency base would allow for the stability you and I desire, but though the currency may be fixed, the economy isn't.  As the economy grows, a fixed currency will become more scarce, and tend to deflate.  As the economy shrinks, the currency will inflate.  Rather than being a liberating force, a fixed monetary system can act as shackles on the economy, artificially fixing it in place.  As the economy kicks against the constraints of the money supply, you'll see booms and busts like we saw in the global economy in the late 1800's and early 1900's.
This stability that everyone is seeking is why the federal reserve sets inflationary targets.  They want to try to keep the money supply growing or shrinking with the economy as best they can, and they know that they can't hit an inflation rate of 0 (it's just impossible to be that precise) so in order to keep from fluctuating between small inflation and small deflation, they set their inflationary targets around 2 or 3 percent.  Large enough to react before deflation starts to creep in (except for certain times like the 2008 recession when the depth of the financial disaster overwhelmed their defenses) but small enough for companies and people to not fear holding short-term cash supplies.
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:55:04
Yes, but that particular flight system (which seemed to be looking pretty positive to that point) was never seriously considered again.
Seems appropriate analogy.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:44:27
I think what most people are saying is that it isn't a valid currency **yet**.
Will it be stable in the future?  Maybe. But today is not that day.
@_date: 2014-02-18 03:15:27
Unfortunately, you can't do traditional double-blind studies in the world of macroeconomics.  It's not like you can create two planets, one of which is the control, and the other the experiment.
Whether it's your kind of science or not is beside the point.  You only get the one option.  You try stuff, you see what happens, and you do your best to learn from your mistakes.
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:22:24
But what if I ALSO tap the processing power of...  *my 3 year old graphics card*!
@_date: 2014-04-16 16:48:29
You can actually probably file losses.
@_date: 2014-05-14 16:05:39
Yep!  I don't know how it'll end, but it's gonna be a great show.
@_date: 2014-02-18 01:45:42
The fact that zero inflation rate is impossible is why you have to decide to go with inflationary or deflationary.  So far, having an inflation rate of between 1 and 2 percent per year seems to be a reasonably good compromise.
@_date: 2014-03-10 20:38:34
The line between asset and currency is a fine one, and each has aspects of the other.  But generally speaking, currencies are not volatile, boring, secure, very low (or negative) rate of return and primarily used as a mechanism of buying and selling. They are a medium of exchange.
For example, pretend for a second that you *really truly* used bitcoin as a currency, and you have been doing so for a few years.  Imagine if you had signed a contract a few years ago with a landlord to rent an apartment for 100 BTC a month.  At the time, that may have been equivalent to 500 dollars.  (See how we already have to compare the exciting BTC to the boring old dollar?  That's another good distinction of a currency vs. an asset.)  You can see how the rapid spike in the value of BTC would quickly put you out on the street, since 100 BTC now would be 60,000 dollars.  Depending on the terms and conditions of your rent agreement, it may even bankrupt you.
It's clear that a business could never use BTC as a store of wealth, because the rapid fluctuations in market value would leave them unable to know if they'll be millionaires at the end of the year, or unable to pay this month's rent.  The one thing that business hates more than anything is uncertainty.  Problems that are known can be planned for and overcome.  
For BTC to become a currency it needs to be **stable**.  This is the exact reason the gold standard was abandoned in favor of paper money, and it's also the same reason that the Federal Reserve has inflation targets, and spends inordinate amount of time monitoring the value of the dollar.  Markets want to know that a dollar is going to change very slowly and very predictably month to month, year to year, decade to decade.  Any type of fixed-based asset like gold or BTC hamstrings the ability to ensure this much-desired predictability. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:08:57
I agree.  I'm curious to see where it goes.  At the very least, I hope it smashes paypal.  I hate those guys.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:05:01
No, but regulations normally force contingency plans in the event of fraud or error.  It's pretty clear that there was none of that going on here.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:39:57


I was talking about possible scenarios, I'm not saying that these all WILL happen.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:58:32
Mtgox puts your bitcoins in their vault.  You can make deposits and withdrawls.
What would you call that?
*hint:  a bank*
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:08:58
One problem, and source of confusion, is that there are about a dozen different definitions for intrinsic value.  I'm referring to the numismatic intrinsic value, which is one you'd commonly use for currencies.
The intrinsic value of gold is the value of the base metal.  The intrinsic value of a modern dollar bill is nothing more than the paper it's printed on.
Most commonly this has become an issue when the value of the metal in a coin is worth more than the face value of the coin.  Suddenly people are collecting coins to melt them down and sell the base metal. 
This has even been seen with fiat paper money in the Weimar Republic in Germany when people began burning the paper currency for warmth, because it was worth more as a burnable heat source than as a currency.
Intrinsic value is basically what you'd get for the currency if you "scrap it for parts".  Fiat currencies have extremely low intrinsic value. (Technically it's not none, because someone somewhere would probably buy it for paper pulp or something.)
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:36:16
The price of bitcoin is never stable.
That being said, it is somewhat stable outside of mtgox for now.  Much like in the 1930's, the run on the insolvent banks spread to the solvent banks and there were many waves of insolvencies after the bank holidays were over.
There are a few possible scenarios.  The first (very unlikely) possibility is that mtgox comes back up and starts allowing transfers again.  What do you suppose is the first thing lots of people will be doing?  Pulling their bitcoins out and selling on other exchanges.  The price of bitcoin will rapidly fall due to the sell-off.
The second is that mtgox closes up shop, and all those bitcoins are lost forever.  This will potentially prop up the price on other exchanges for a while, but a huge bitcoin user base will have lost everything, and will probably never buy another bitcoin.  Bitcoin's reputation (justly or unjustly) will be sullied, and people will get cool on bitcoin.  Bitcoin is a fiat currency, after all, and a fiat currency is only worth as much as the faith people put in it.  Lose faith, lose value.
The third option is that all the bitcoins are stolen by unknown hackers or the owners of mtgox.  Mtgox shuts down, and the pilfered bitcoins are slowly (or rapidly) sold off on other exchanges.  This will drive down the price as well.  
So why would the price going down spread insolvency to other exchanges?  Any exchanges that are holding their assets IN bitcoin will become insolvent as their bitcoin assets are no longer enough to cover their expenses.  They'll be forced to convert bitcoin to currency in order to cover their operating expenses, but will eventually run out of funds.  Eventually they'll close too, and the cycle will continue.
Now, maybe it won't work out like that.  Perhaps there is a scenario that I'm not accounting for.  I'm open to other theories.
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:08:37
This exact same thing happened in the 1930's during the bank holidays.  The banks were shut down, and nobody knew which banks were insolvent.
People would sell their bank books for pennies on the dollar to speculators who were betting that their particular bank was solvent.  In the end, everyone lost.
If the zealots had paid any attention to the monetary theorists and economists who have seen these patterns before and warned people that bitcoin is a risky asset bubble and not a currency, maybe this wouldn't have happened.  Oh no, claimed the bitcoin faithful, it's different this time.
Well...  lesson learned.  Hopefully it didn't cost most people very much.
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:25:58
Fractional reserve banking was a way to overcome the limitations of the gold standard, and create more money to fuel a rapidly expanding economy.  It's an unhealthy by-product of a fixed monetary base.
Once the tether was severed, and the switch to fiat currency was made, the fractional reserve system was easier to manage since the feds now had more control.  Hence the absence of another great depression.
Of course, with great power comes great responsibility, and the remedies that fiat currency provided also proved to be the disease in many countries.  I don't think you'd have had a Nazi party in power without the foibles of the Weimar Republic and their hyperinflation.  Japan's current morass can also be traced to lax monetary policy.  The last 100 years of history is littered with examples of fiat currency gone wrong.
Neither system works perfectly, but at least fiat currency gives more control.  Unfortunately, if you have an idiot at the helm, the good ship "economy" may still head into the rocks.
**Edit:  actually, I don't hate bitcoin.  I just don't see it as a sustainable large-system currency.  At best, I would hope for it to become an alternate web-based payment mechanism.  I think bitcoin got the technology mostly right, but the economics mostly wrong.**
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:04:11
It would probably look like something that people use for commerce, and not as a tool of speculators.
Which is exactly why he is saying that bitcoin isn't a currency because it's not really used for commerce, and it IS used as a tool for speculators.
@_date: 2014-02-17 22:14:42
How can a perpetually deflating commodity like bitcoin become a viable currency when (by the very nature of being perpetually deflating) it will be more worthwhile to hold onto bitcoins than spend them?
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:15:52
I think you'll find that once all these protections are put in place they will increase transaction costs to be about the same as if you were to use any other currency.
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:37:30
That's a good question.  I know that from time to time big firms will do currency arbitrage, but the movements over time of most currencies are far too small for your average investor to mess with it.  It's probably hard to get exact numbers on this kind of thing, since many firms who hold lots of currency are private and don't advertise their holdings.  I can guarantee that it's massively outpaced by the amount spent on commerce though, since even a firm that would hold currency will probably instead hold treasury bonds; which is almost currency, but isn't.
One good thing about a currency that is gradually inflating is the discouragement it provides to holding currency.  This increases liquidity in the system, and helps money move to the places that need it most.  For those that don't mind a little bit of illiquidity and just want a way to store value in a safe way, you can invest in stocks, bonds, TIPS, etc...   A good currency should be boring, stable, and incentivize spending as opposed to hoarding.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:37:10
"are no more".
Oh, they're somewhere.  Probably in the wallet of a very rich insider.  Expect them to be slowly trickled out for cash over time, pushing the market ever downward.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:46:35


Unfortunately, technology can't be the answer to this problem.  People will find ways to abuse the system, whatever system that may be.  The 1%-99% inequality problem has existed for pretty much all of human history, and spans many types of government and monetary systems.
Even within bitcoin, you need to look no farther than MtGox to recognize that the power brokers will always be able to pull the wool over the eyes of enough people to adversely affect the economy.  A technology is amoral, but people have (and use) the capacity for evil.  And people are the one thing you'll never be able to purge out of the system.  There will always be a person spending, a person saving, a person writing code or a person establishing a business.  These are all points for exploitation.
Sadly enough, we can't look to technology to save us. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:49:50
What if mtGox themselves are involved in short selling?  Right now they would be the ones in the best position to pull something like that off.
They're not opening up their books, that would make me nervous if I was a bitcoin investor.
EDIT:  Also, you can still put money into mt.Gox, why not do your buying today?
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:44:09
There has been a lot of experimentation with economic policy, you just have to go back a number of decades to see it.
Much of the policy we have today is due to that experimentation. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 01:44:22
That is a very well articulated answer.
Bitcoin is deflationary (sort of like gold) except that it has no intrinsic worth.  Which is an interesting combination.  I'm hoping that there is a way to get rid of that within bitcoin eventually.
Perhaps the ability to set some kind of inflation rate on the payouts of bitcoin miners or somesuch.  But to what standard do you peg the inflation rate?  I'm intrigued, and I'm looking forward to see where it goes.
But I'm still not going to spend any money on it.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:21:44
Compare and contrast:
[classic economic bubble graph](
Now, *maybe* this time it's different.  But I'm dubious.  Bitcoin is behaving much more like a commodity than a currency.  Commodities bubble and burst, and so too will bitcoin.
I'm guessing that bitcoin may begin to be treated more like a currency in the distant future after people are done using it as a medium of speculation, but I find it too risky to mess with for now.
@_date: 2014-05-14 13:29:28
The gold standard is a worse monetary system than fiat currency due to the inability to control the M1/M2 money supply.  During a recession, deflation causes people to hoard gold in anticipation that its purchasing power will be higher in the future.  This causes credit markets to seize, leading to a liquidity trap.  The inability of gold to be easily introduced into the market prevents the government from breaking the vicious cycle, potentially leading to a depression.
The gold standard has been tried, and it eventually proved itself to be too brittle for a modern, rapidly growing economy.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:09:57
When was the last time you rode in a Zeppelin?
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:34:30
Correct.  A bank is a financial institution licensed as a receiver of deposits.  So as long as it'll take your deposits then it's a bank.
Now, you may not get an interest rate on this storage house bank, since the bank has no source of income with which to pay you, but it's still a bank.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:13:39
For BTC to be effective for retailers in the marketplace it requires a transaction processor that will insure against fraud, provide near-instant transactions, act as a temporary BTC wallet and allow easy transfer of BTC to various other standard currencies.  These are all services a bank normally provides, and some of what Neo &amp; Bee was peddling.
Unfortunately, in order to get all of those nice amenities the bank needs to pay for them by exacting transaction costs.  Low transaction costs are the impetus to move to bitcoin in the first place, so using a bitcoin bank invalidates the only real upside to using BTC for retailers.  If you're going to have to pay roughly the same transaction costs using BTC, why bother?
Until the BTC protocol supports transaction insurance, transaction rollback (when fraud is confirmed), and near-instant transactions you won't see many merchants doing any significant amount of business with bitcoin.  You can expect most bitcoin banks to either defraud it's customers or go belly up rather quickly.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:36:29
This is true, currently there is no fractional reserve system in bitcoin, which is definitely to it's benefit right now.  Unfortunately that means there is also no good way to take out a loan in bitcoins right now, which somewhat undercuts it's feasibility as a currency.
Maybe these things will get solved in the near future.  I'll be interested to watch and see where it all goes.  I hope that someday we have some useful alternative to the crappy online payment systems that exist today.  But I don't feel that bitcoin is quite there yet.
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:40:23
Over 50% of bitcoin merchants say the exact same thing.
@_date: 2014-02-21 01:25:53
But are there any institutions willing to do this?
@_date: 2014-05-07 14:21:27
Only 300 people?  That seems like a low threshold for success...
@_date: 2014-02-26 01:06:40
Unlikely.  If so, the market may be bolstered for a bit, but the general destabilization and sell off will still push the market down.
@_date: 2014-04-07 06:05:36
The M4 money supply is roughly 20 trillion dollars.
The current value of every Bitcoin is somewhere around 6 billion dollars.
The number of dollars in the marketplace and the purchasing utility of those dollars so greatly dwarfs that of Bitcoins that somebody could buy ALL the bitcoins, and there would still be quite a lot of dollars left over, even assuming the value of bitcoins goes up as a single buyer purchases more and more of them.
Given the limited practical use for Bitcoins and their poor ability to store value in a stable way, there isn't really any chance that you'll see a large shift away from USD toward BTC as reserve currencies.
**Anyway, to answer your question, the people who sold bitcoin will hold the USD obtained from the sale.  Maybe they'll buy more bitcoin with it, or maybe they'll buy groceries.  From a macroeconomic standpoint, it won't even be a blip on the radar of the world's GDP.**
@_date: 2014-02-20 14:13:22
How are those 10:1 long options looking now?  :-P
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:13:35
This analysis is spot on.  Bitcoin behaves like a commodity, not a currency.  
It is relatively illiquid and highly volatile.  Something you **may** want in an investment, something you do not want in a currency.
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:29:02
Psh.  Lame.  Everyone knows that paper wallets are the new thing.
They should have put the "perfect for storing your bitcoin" on their ample selection of filing cabinets.
@_date: 2014-04-16 16:50:18
Any tax evader is basically stealing from everyone, and deserves equal scorn.  That includes those who don't pay taxes on bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:56:40
The real question here is whether bitcoin gain/loss will be counted as income or capital gains.
Capital gains is taxed at a straight 15 percent (or so), whereas income is taxed according to the tax codes.  For wealthy people, this normally means anywhere from 25 to 35 percent.
Capital gains is the totally bogus way rich people weasel their way out of taxes, but it's also the way that you bitcoin investers will save a lot of money on big gains.
@_date: 2014-02-20 14:12:00
When the illiquidity prevents you from cashing in your bitcoin, then no.
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:09:51
I agree.  Since major, global economic systems are not valued in bitcoin it's more of a tradeable asset, and not a currency.  As a web-based passthrough mechanism for economic exchange, it could flourish provided that the day to day volatility of BTC isn't unacceptable to the middle-men.  And those that want to take a little more risk and venture out on their own and do their funds transfers themselves will be able to REALLY save money on transaction costs.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:19:58
Deflation is normally the result of financial turmoil after a speculative bubble bursts.  It comes about when many large players in the economy stop investing or spending and instead shift to holding cash.  In that environment, cash becomes more and more scarce, which drives the value of the cash up (deflation).  This causes more people to hold MORE cash, and the cycle continues.  This cycle is known as a liquidity trap.  The way that the liquidity trap can be broken is by injecting money into the system, which stops the deflation.  Companies then no longer look at their cash reserves as an appreciating asset, and start to spend it or loan it or invest it.  
The issue with a fixed monetary standard like the gold standard is that you can't simply create more gold to inject into the economy.  You have to mine it, and that takes a long time and is very costly.  A fiat currency can be easily adjusted to prevent deflation.
Both the great depression, the many booms and busts of the late 1800's, and the great recession in 2008 saw wide-scale deflation as companies sold their assets and fled to safety (US dollars).  The ridiculous stuff that the federal reserve is now doing is an effort to prevent deflation.  First they set the federal lending rate to basically 0.  That didn't quite do the job, so they started up the quantitative easing initiatives.  Both of these measures are intended to prevent deflation.  Of course, in 1929 with the gold standard they couldn't do that, which led to a prolonged depression.  Thankfully, we no longer operate under that system.
Bitcoin, on the other hand, does not yet behave like a currency.  It currently behaves like an asset.  To compare Bitcoin to the stock market crash of 1929, bitcoin isn't the currency, it's the stock market.  When stocks were going up (the roaring 20's) people were spending like crazy.  This is equivalent to when bitcoin goes up, and people tip and spend more liberally.  When people got scared in 1929 they sold their stocks for cash.  When people got scared because of MtGox going under, they don't sell all their assets and buy bitcoin, they sell all their bitcoin for cash.  These are both "flights to safety".  US dollars/Swiss Francs/Euros/Pounds are safe, bitcoin/stocks/tulip bulbs/whatever are risky.  When people are scared, the first they do is try to mitigate risk. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:23:58
I don't actually use dollars to store my wealth, I go for a more traditional mechanism and invest in stocks, bonds and real estate.  Anyone who keeps more dollars on hand than a few thousand for an emergency fund is only losing wealth every year from inflation.
I don't believe that currency should be something you invest in.  I believe that currency is simply a mechanism of value exchange  Right now bitcoin is behaving more like a commodity than a currency, so I won't be purchasing any bitcoins for a while.  Additionally, it's too illiquid right now to use as a currency.
Someday, however, I hope to be able to use a digital currency to do online purchases.  Before that happens, the digital currency will have to be stable and the bitcoin exchange system will have to be very liquid.  I don't want to have to wait a month to convert my bitcoins to dollars.
A currency should be stable and boring, and bitcoin is anything but boring right now.
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:58:57
The great depression happened when the US was on the gold standard, which prevented the central bank from injecting liquidity.  Basically, the central bank's hands were tied, so they ended up being a non-factor.  This was what caused the banks of Great Britain, Europe, etc... to move off the gold standard, and start issuing fiat currency.  The sooner the central banks moved toward fiat currency, the sooner their economies started to pull out of the great depression.  But that doesn't really apply to bitcoin right now, because the bitcoin economy is extremely small and novel.  Very few people are living day to day on bitcoin, so it's not really being used like a currency at all.  It's being used more like an investment vehicle (an asset).
The correlation to the great depression has more to do with the runs on banks than on the rapid deflation of the currency, so that is the historical pattern to pay attention to for the moment.  The macroeconomic effects will come later on.  At the current pace, maybe two or three months.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:10:33
Those venture capitalists are going to want to see return on their investment.  There may be a few exchanges that are up to the task, but are they all?  Will the venture capital that is currently buoying the exchanges call it quits if they start to feel like there are systemic risks in the bitcoin economy?  
Hard to say.  At the very least, it will purge out the non-believers and speculators.  But they may be the big reason for the current BTC price in the first place.
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:39:54
Don't feel bad.  Most others will lose lots of money to theft or insolvency too.  Just give it time.
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:43:57
Maybe someday when bitcoin becomes much more liquid.  But until then, it's a niche speculators market, with a tiny little commerce office located in the back corner.
@_date: 2014-02-19 04:01:33
Thanks, autowikibot!
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:02:05
If they decide that the long term outlook of bitcoin is negative (and many economists and risk analysts have a negative opinion of bitcoin), they'll find a way to take a negative position on them.  (Like short selling.)
Conceptually you can think of short selling as borrowing a bitcoin, selling it for the current price, then waiting a day/month/year or two, buying a bitcoin (at a much lower price) and then returning the bitcoin to the person you borrowed it from.  You then get to pocket the difference.
It can get a lot more complicated than that, because sometimes straight-up short selling isn't easy or isn't allowed (like mortgage backed securities during the 2007 financial meltdown).  In 2007, they used credit default swaps as a way to take a negative position, but there are other ways that tricky traders will find if something like a CDS isn't feasible.
At any rate, the more people take a negative position (especially if it's through short selling), the lower the price of bitcoins will be.  It can quickly turn into a short selling spree, and the whole market will tank.  If bitcoin were a standard traded stock there would be regulations in place to prevent a sell-off, but bitcoin is too new for anything like that.
Getting back to your original point, why would they do that?  Because they get their money fast.  It's easier to tank something like bitcoin (which behaves more like an asset than a currency) than it is to buy and hold.
These wall street guys spend their entire day devising ways to take money from people.  They are smarter than us about this stuff, they have more time to plot, and (most importantly) they have a huge bankroll.  The longer the big boys stay out of bitcoin, the better off it will be.
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:48:58
All the crazies got wiped out with the Gox implosion, and are still trying to come to grips with the fact that they weren't so smart after all.
@_date: 2014-02-18 05:02:28
Well, it is definitely experimentation.  But I'll agree with you that the results are anything but clear.  If they were easy to tease out, we probably wouldn't need the field of economics.  I suppose that's why they call it the "dismal science".
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:53:37


That's a pretty incoherent statement, right there.  I'm not sure what you're selling, but I'd like to politely decline.
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:38:38
It's delicious isn't it?  Bitcoin is going to end the repression of fiat currencies, change the world, blah blah blah.  No need for regulation, the protocol will prevent fraud!  The community will police itself!
Consider this a lesson in macroeconomics and the importance of government regulation in markets.
*You know who an anarchist calls when someone punches him in the nose?  The cops.*
@_date: 2014-02-17 21:58:52
Just go grab newspaper articles about the abandonment of the gold standard from the 20's and 30's and you'll see this exact thing.
But then again, fiat currency solves a lot of problems inherent to a fixed commodity based currency like the gold standard, and all those nay-sayers back in the day seem to have been proven wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:26:16
All you other folks who are holding bitcoin, this will probably be you someday too.
You're speculating in an unregulated, risky market.  Most of you aren't smart or lucky enough to never get caught like the gox people did.
If you dabble with bitcoin, you're playing Russian roulette.  The bullet may not have been in the chamber this trigger pull (unless you were in gox) but there is no guarantee that the next time (the next exchange, the next hack, the next trick) you'll be so lucky.
@_date: 2014-02-17 23:07:48
Well, in fairness, the national debt has always been there, regardless of the currency type.
The deflationary nature of the gold standard has been replaced with the inflationary nature of paper money.  Neither of these types of currency are perfect of course.  But I think it's safe to say that we've seen from history that the risks of deflation are greater than the risks of inflation.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:05:11
So your claim is that any theory that suggests that anything has any intrinsic value is wrong?
I'm not really sure how to respond to that level of ignorance.
At any rate, best of luck with bitcoin.  When you lose your shirt, remember that guy on the internet who warned you.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:34:09


You are making the assumption that a central bank NEEDS local information.  It doesn't.  Central banks operate on the macroeconomic scale, and serve as the lender to local banks.  This allows the central bank to keep tabs on the accounts of the local banks.  If the central bank DOES get involved at the more local level (like the quantitative easing program currently being undertaken by the US central bank) it normally spells trouble.
Currently there are no (or few) bitcoin banks outside of mt.gox, and that one seems to be in a world of hurt right now.
@_date: 2017-05-07 04:32:11
Bitcoin isn't fast OR free.  Where are you getting these bullet points?
@_date: 2017-05-21 04:18:01
Worst currency ever.
Seems to be a decent high-risk investment though.
@_date: 2017-05-07 04:31:48
You can't do that, because the exchanges all charge fees, and you also have to pay fees if you ever want your transaction to complete.
Bitcoin is useful for people in collapsing countries, and for people willing to take insane risks. That's about it.
@_date: 2015-02-20 19:41:26
ITT: people who don't understand "inflation" vs. "deflation".