@_author: incryptexltd
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:33:49
Using the word Bitcoin and Ponzi scheme in the same frame of reference is the same thing as calling it a Ponzi Scheme in my opinion, 'Natural' or 'Traditional' is irrelevant - Interesting delivery they have tried here.  So many analogies in this context like the 'heart attack is a naturally occurring murder" ;) How audacious.  Just the simple measure of commitment and intellect that has poured in to this phenomenon is all the credibility that is required for it NOT to be a Ponzi Scheme in any sense of the word; in fact its behavior is probably unrecognizable to the academics because it is the first true free market instrument in 40 years - buyers and sellers.
It is such a sad commentary on the state of affairs of the legacy system for these leaders to not recognize the truth behind the distributed asset ledger.  In their position, having all their accumulated wealth in Dollars, there can be no other comment they can make.
JPM, Barclays, HSBC and all the others are incredible institutions and still are, ran by teams of millions of qualified individuals.  The fines and wrong doing you read about are not because of the inefficiencies or frauds of their institutions, it is the skulduggery of the instrument that underwrites their business model, the dollar, and the twisted regulation that governs their activities.  Capital will seek a path forward around legislation - it is also natural, circumvention is the equivalent of water seeking the lowest level.
Equally most will blame the academics for their 'mismanagement' of this instrument (Central Banks) .  But it is not them either.
The great enablers of the real Ponzi Scheme that exists in the World today has been our respective Governments that have legislated their Ponzi Scheme such that it can not be called a Ponzi Scheme.  With some slight of hand, a few pages can be drafted to allow fractionalization, derivatives, and leverage all the while maintaining "That this is not a Ponzi scheme."  If the velocity of commerce and money is maintained at a high level, $1000 dollars can be made to look like $1,000,000.
I disagree with you Kaushik Basu, shame on you for being ignorant, short-sighted or or both.  Bitcoin is now the most secure store of value on the planet Earth.  It is much easier to counterfeit Gold by creating your own Goldmine and refining the ore at a cost of about $200 million, rather than trying to produce your own Bitcoin at $2 Billion.  The education will spread and people will wake up to the truth soon enough.  It must be slow and methodical however before legacy holders realize there is even a credible threat - and then it will be too late.
The institution I am a part of stands a chance to do more good over the next 100 years than the World Bank ever could because it is underwritten by an instrument of undeniable trust and transparency.  Change is upon us.