@_author: incuggarch
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:18:41
I just said his name three times and now my birdbath has gone missing.
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:16:32
You have to consider all the alternatives here. It's not simply a decision of either letting power go to waste or to use it to mine bitcoin, but also whether it would be better to build out power distribution networks to move that power to cities or factories that need it, whether the power plants can be downsized and have some of their turbines or boilers moved to areas where they are needed more, or a myriad of other possibilities.
It's just like how if a country has high unemployment it's not a given that the government should employ those people to dig holes and fill them in all day. Sure it fixes the immediate unemployment issue, but is it the best possible solution to the problem at hand? I think Andreas fails to make the argument that bitcoin mining is the best possible use of this energy, only that it is a possible use of it.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:14:54
Some economic "thinkers" claiming to understand the economy better than the rest of us mortal men have been predicting runaway inflation being just around the corner for the last 8 years now. They have been wrong for 8 years and running now, making them kind of a joke for anyone who follows discussions about macroeconomics.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:57:16
You have to realize that it doesn't matter that bitcoin has "25 years of inflation left", just the fact that inflation will end at a clearly defined point in the future means that every player will treat bitcoin as if it was deflationary today.
Inflation has no benefit to debtors because lenders can just set an interest rate that cancels it out. It's only when inflation increases more than was predicted that it can benefit debtors, but even then lenders will quickly wise-up and add a risk-premium on top of the interest rate they charge to the point where the unpredictable inflation might even hurt the debtors because of lenders overcompensating in the face of uncertainty.
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:09:06
Bitcoin will move a lot of wealth from late adopters to early adopters. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:58:27
So this is maybe a pet peeve of mine, but exchanging one type of currency for another is not investment. If I exchange my dollars for euros it doesn't mean I'm "investing" in euros, I've just changed the composition of the money I hold. Additionally, we already have a perfectly fine word to describe people who move their money between currencies with the intention of making a profit from changes in the exchange rate: speculators. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:06:10
Thank you. There's so much disinformation and myths about money that is being peddled, especially about what central banks are doing, by people who seem to have spent more time reading libertarian blogs than doing any research into what a central bank even is. If there is anything that should make one bearish about the future of bitcoin it should be the dismal economic literacy of some of its most enthusiastic proponents.
@_date: 2018-06-04 03:13:40
Can't cheat an honest man.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:53:04
Ah, the old The Billion Coin strategy.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:37:03
Money exists to be used. It exists to facilitate transactions. The perfect economy is one where every person either uses their money to consume, where they pay someone for a good or service right now, or to invest, where they pay someone to find a way to make a way to produce cheaper, better or new goods and services that can be used in the future. In both examples your money is used to pay someone else in the economy, you either pay them for something they can currently offer you or you pay them for something they can offer you in the future. Likewise you are paid by others making the same decision. Your income relies on other people using their money and deciding that you have something valuable to offer them now or in the future.
Deflation is bad because it causes less money to move from person to person since more money is just uselessly held by people expecting the value to go up. Instead of paying others for current or future stuff you keep your money in your pocket which creates no productive benefit to anyone. In fact, since the supply of money is limited in a deflationary economy you are actually harming the rest of the economy by making it harder for everyone who need to get their hands on money to conduct their own transactions.