@_author: indelible_inc
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:13:02
PM me an invite as well, please sir.
@_date: 2017-01-05 20:43:03
I agree. I don't particularly love what he's saying, but I think it's likely closer to the truth than fiction. People tend to hate opposing truths far more than the comforting untruths or outright lies they tell themselves.
I don't know enough about economics (or much of anything, really) to hold a concrete or valid opinion, but I would hope transactional unit distribution on a long enough timeline would counteract at least some of the early adopter monopoly problems addresses. Or are the vast majority of transactions between the same groups of people? Honest question; honest ignorance.
@_date: 2016-12-23 10:33:16
You sound like one of the few voices of reason to me. I'm very bullish long term, but I think you've pretty much nailed it, though no one can know for certain of course. **I believe people are mighty thirsty after 3 years in the desert.** I consider myself a strong hand and I just sold a little over 10% of my holdings so I can hopefully buy back in on a dip, which I'm fairly certain will happen a few more times before we actually blast off.
RIP me if not, but so it goes, agreeing with the bottom post in a thread no less. :P
@_date: 2017-11-22 09:35:40
@_date: 2017-11-26 05:05:31
You can't contain this!
@_date: 2017-11-18 07:48:30
As I understand it, it can go much farther than just 8 decimals with just a soft-fork. 
@_date: 2016-02-28 22:27:40
Thanks for sharing!
We're also homeschooling our 3 kids and using aspects of unschooling/self-directed learning, focusing on project-based cycles that align their interests and passions with the public school outcomes for each grade. In addition to this approach, much of the learning is more out-of-home than anything, in the form of community engagement/day in the life of different professions, and paid lessons of all sorts such as violin/ballet and hip-hop/gymnastics/soccer, etc. We also tap the willing knowledge experts in our life to offer regular focus sessions on whatever their specialty might be.
Our kids are very fortunate we're in a position to provide them all this, and I'm under no illusions that the majority could do the same or doesn't need the public system, but the one-size fits all industrial standard is incredibly outdated, like also mentioned. Especially with the support technology offers now. 
As I type, both my 7 year old and 4 year old are on their own desktops working through the Frozen and Star Wars 'Hour of Code' courses on Code.org because they love doing it, not because it's programming period. Sunday afternoon, Friday night, or 7am on Tuesday - class is always in session here but learning is never a mandate, it's just what happens when humans of any age are supported in following healthy interests and shown how to go deeper.
As an interesting/funny aside, the 4 year old runs a Core node on his PC, while the 7 year old runs XT - their own choices after getting  a super simplified explanation of the differences in direction through analogy. And they both get their small weekly allowance in BTC on a shared Trezor (using the same PIN but different passphrases of their choice, and Electrum for watch-only of the xpubs), for which they have the choice of using me as an exchange whenever we're out and they want something that only trades in dollars.
Anyway, I don't blame for his naive and sarcastic comments, we run into the same uninformed resistance to what we're offering our kids almost every day because it's not how they and everyone they know were raised - and everyone wants to believe they turned out alright so the system must be working well - and ego doesn't want us to acknowledge that perhaps we could've been more than we are if we were born into a different educational paradigm. 
And once those people actually meet my kids, and take a moment to understand what can be offered in a custom self-designed curriculum with all the tools at our disposal these days, often they end up an advocate and amazed at how lackluster the public system suddenly seems. I've never seen someone so shocked as when my 7 year old started explaining Hawking Radiation to them after she went through a blackhole research cycle thanks to Kurzgesagt - and I know if blackholes were just another topic in school (many grades later), she wouldn't have cared as much because she was being told to care. 
Proud daddy moment right then, that's for sure. :)
@_date: 2017-10-23 23:42:05
The largest I believe, at least the most popular among the newly informed.
@_date: 2015-11-13 11:42:30
Be thankful that this sentiment is prevalent, for you might not have been born. Instinct overrules the abstract of morality, for it's likely he's just horny. And while he may be thinking with his dick, you sound just like one.
@_date: 2017-07-27 17:13:38
10 business days later and it came through today!!! I'm so relieved and feel terribly guilty for ever doubting them. Good guy QuadrigaCX comes through! 
Thanks for your support , highly appreciated!
@_date: 2017-07-26 02:33:45
Thanks, will do. And yeah, no pissyness meant, just in a tight jam for money and am getting pressure on several fronts. Wish I didn't have to sell at all but it is what it is!
@_date: 2017-07-25 23:58:41
I'm also worried about my own withdrawal and have read a large number of recent complaints about this previously lauded exchange. I've used them several times in the past with no issue but my latest withdrawal is 9 days and I needed the money badly about 5 ago. 
Could they be having major unpublicized issues? I've also sent an email and a reddit message and have received no reply. is usually great at responding, but not lately apparently. I truly hope they aren't tanking...