@_author: indiankim
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:59:29
So, I guess you are saying that Bitcoin uses 10000 times more blockchain technology than in 2011 where it sold at 1 USD?
No, that's stupid right? I guess you are saying that the blockchain technology that BTC uses has become 10000 times more valuable in the eyes of people over the past 6 years? Because hey, after all, it has proved itself as a verifiable recording medium of a shitload trading, although of course almost all speculative (in the short or long term), and practically none of the supposed intended trading for goods or services like a proper currency. Ummm...
Also, I wonder why this other crypto coin that bases itself on virtually the same kind of blockchain technology is only worth a fraction of a BTC...............
But yea, value is definitely based on the wonders of blockchain tech :)
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:29:59
If so, it must eventually crash to 0$ as nothing can sustain value as a pure abstract speculative "commodity", at least nothing has until now. Speculative booms like this need a promising story, a bullshit one may suffice temporarily, but it needs to be hype-able, it needs suspension of disbelief in order to keep rising.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:56:56
Blockchain tech has value, for sure, but it is open source and not tied to BTC or any other crypto coin so I don't see how it awards Bitcoin value when the tech is and will be better implemented in the future. It's like saying that the linux kernel of 10 years ago has value because the technology is similar to a modern linux, however who in their right mind would use a 10 year old version of open source software?
The only thing holding up BTC and booming it is hype, everyone babbling "blockchain" not realizing the difference between the tech and a particular implementation, that and all the precious money already invested.
Those who are really interested in blockchain tech should no longer be very interested in Bitcoin for the same reasons as you point to. Those who are, are in it for the profits, not the tech, and this I believe will ultimately decide the direction (or lack of it) that Bitcoin will go in.