@_author: indy3
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:12:35
what flowchart?
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:57:16
I'm afraid many people really think up is the only way for BTC 
@_date: 2017-10-21 12:26:50
in general ethereum, ripple, litecoin are considered promising.
look at this table: 
it shows you the crypto coins ordered by market capitalization. not surprisingly bitcoin is the most successful by far. also note, up is not the only way crypto currency can go.
more about btc alternative: 
regarding bitcoin i find this piece of information particularly interesting: 
because the blockchain is public so are all transactions ever made. therefore, it's possible to calculate the balances of all bitcoin addresses that are out there. 
as the table shows over 88% of all bitcoins are in the hands of whoever controls 0.73% of all bitcoin addresses.
i like the following sub-reddits. maybe they are interesting for you, too: 
is a community for people to discuss **online** money-making opportunities. You shouldn't expect to make a living, but it's possible to make extra cash on the side for your habits/needs.
Learn about personal finance: getting out debt, budgeting, saving, investing, and managing your wealth. Please join our community focused on financial education and helping each other!
@_date: 2017-10-21 00:40:08
bitcoin is considered a high risk investment. that risk naturally comes with a possibility of high returns on the other hand. from a risk perspective this means you should only invest as much as you are willing to and you can afford to lose.
This article sums up pretty good what are the particular risks in Bitcoin:
@_date: 2017-10-20 16:39:24
better to regret you haven't, than to regret you have. now is a good time to think about current investment opportunities, other crypto currencies too
@_date: 2017-10-20 20:01:06
it's not that hard to imagine. all they have to do is outlaw the exchanges. when you can't convert your btc to hard currency it's worth 0 usd all of a sudden. 
@_date: 2017-10-20 21:05:09
i wrote "when you can't convert your btc to hard currency it's worth 0 usd all of a sudden."
so when you can't convert btc into us-dollar/euro is practically dead, i hope you agree. 
of course, i acknowledge that there will be possibilities to evade a ban on trading bitcoin. i also acknowledge that governments will try to combat illegal trade. bank accounts are basically completely monitored by the financial authorities today. so, i don't believe it will be sufficient linking a foreign exchange account to your local bank account. who wants to be dependent on exchanging money in the black market (peer to peer transactions)?  
 it's impossible that all this has no impact on the btc exchange rate. btc will be a lot less attractive to potential investors. maybe not you, maybe not your friends. but for sure the kind of investors that are driving the bitcoin/usd rate up so steep to ever higher values.
Also, I cannot see the governments have been listening to the people a lot in the past say 50 years. so, as long as the political system remains the way it is now, I believe the governments' actions are not at all refelecting the will of their constituents. and when they do it will not go unpunished as we've seen repeatedly in the past and as it can be  currently seen in venezuela.   