@_author: ineedhelpiamdesperat
@_date: 2018-03-27 23:11:27
Hi I am 30 years old in Korea.
I have not had parents since I was a child.
I grew up in my relatives' house
Living in Korea is very difficult now.
Every day I worked daily,If you work eight hours a day in Korea,
you usually get about $ 60. I collected a little money,
finally I collected $ 20,000.
I went to the military in 2008 ~ 2010,
and I was admitted to the military hospital after I was diagnosed with a waist disk during my training.
At that time, it was not so serious and I was discharged immediately,
and even after the discharge in 2010, my waist was sick sometimes,and everyday life was possible.
However, my waist was sick from November 24 last year,I was brought to the emergency room on the morning of the 25th.
Call 119.I was prescribed analgesics for three days, and all the injections and medicines were analgesics.
And originally I had to undergo surgery, but because I did not have any improvement in the future, I got the procedure.
Nerve block.And then after I come home.
I could not walk properly, I continued to take pain medication, take medication to relieve inflammation.
Now I can walk a little bit, but I can not work yet, so I need help. So I wrote.
Because the computer is the biggest thing I can do.
I had to live in bed.
After that I have come to know bitcoin.
I started with Bitcoin with $ 1,000 on December 17,
it earned $ 500 a fortnight. After that I was confident,
I bought a bitcoin with all the money I had,
But on the downside that began on January 7, I lost more than 90%
I eventually lost everything I had collected for 30 years.
If you can help me, I would be very grateful...
I do not know what to do. It 's so hard right now.
I can not work because my waist is sick,
and everything I have is gone.If someone can help me,
If you really will be my Savior.
[ 3GH2965srtd1X1WTgbTohdAYwhVNnJy9dM ]
I'd like you to send me a bitcoin to this address.
Even 1 Satoshi. I will not have a Bitcoin again.
Please help me. I have no hope. I am really desperate.
If donate me someone, I do not try to bitcoin it back with it.
I want to use it for medical expenses and living expenses until my waist is all right.
The transaction history that I lost $ 20,000.
And I was admitted to the hospital with a lumbar disc.
I posted it on my reddit. Please come check it out .. and if possible,
Please help me.....
Of course, I'm also looking for things I can do now.
Because I am hard to walk now, I am looking for things I can do online.
Thank you for reading the long story. I hope you guys are happy