@_author: ineedsmomoney
@_date: 2019-07-21 03:10:23
It might go a thousand or two lower but you can’t count on it. I think you can count on it going up over time, so if it hits 100K some day is it worth possibly missing the boat?
@_date: 2019-07-02 20:28:16
Hmm. Decisions, decisions. Do I spend it today when it's worth 4% less than yesterday, or wait until tomorrow when it could be worth substantially more or less than it is today? Say I find a car dealership that will take a downpayment in BTC and I deduct a sizeable chunk from my portfolio to get the loan interest rate down a couple of points. Great! I've legitimized BTC as a digital currency and I can post on social media how another retail establishment has accepted crypto. Yay! Really? With the potential for BTC (among others in my portfolio) to 2x, 10x, 100x and more over the next few years why in the hell would I ever spend a satoshi of any of them? If my Apple stock could be used as a digital currency would I spend it to buy a Frappuccino? Absolutely not. Why? Because I didn't invest in their stock because I'm "in it for the tech" or give two shits about how the iPhone literally put a computer in my pocket or because Steve Jobs still holds a special place in my heart. No, I bought it hoping to eventually cash out with a profit. The mo' money the better, even if it does come in the form of a foldable dollar bill. Anyone who has invested in crypto is a speculator, nothing more, nothing less. And that's okay. We're taking a gamble that this great experiment will work out and that we've done our homework and picked among the few winners who'll be left standing when it all shakes out. Best of luck to us all.
@_date: 2018-08-24 06:52:46
Holy shit. Haters convention going on here? Most of you remind me of the folks who cried when Microsoft changed from DOS to Windows. And who called Apple a “niche” competitor and ragged on it day and night for a decade and more. Reading thru these posts is like witnessing a Bitcoin circle jerk. Anybody need a Kleenex?
@_date: 2019-01-19 22:32:46
Flip the switch up. That should do it.
@_date: 2019-09-03 01:35:21
Those sneaky Kenyans just keeping us on our toes.
@_date: 2019-05-26 03:38:35
Not much. Yet. Although I’m very hopeful that there will, one day, be a wholesale conversion to a crypto-based world-wide financial system. And successful application within the emerging AI and IOT markets. And hopefully a blockchain-based voting system. I think that would be huge.
@_date: 2019-05-26 03:16:26
Idealism is nice, but doesn’t provide the slightest motivation for the average person to be the least bit interested in cryptocurrency. Money, be it shells, metal, paper, or digital, is useful for one thing only - to trade for the stuff we need and/or want. When the day comes that I can buy or sell using a single, functioning digital wallet (one capable of holding any and all digital currencies I might have in my portfolio) then maybe I’ll see the value in using cryptocurrency as a means of payment. At this point in time using crypto as a daily form of payment (or receipt of payment) for anything is pretty much a total pain in the ass. I can’t use it to buy gas, groceries, pay my mortgage, my kid’s college tuition, etc. and frankly, even if there was a simple and foolproof way to use it right now, with the daily price swing on virtually every crypto, why in hell would I use it to pay for anything knowing that it could increase in value by many percentage points in a matter of hours, days, or weeks? To me, crypto is all about platforms and whether or not successful and  profitable use can be made of them. In my view, Ethereum, EOS, Cardano, et al, are not so different than Windows, or IOS, or Unix in that they intend to provide a stable and reliable platform to build on, which then gives them a useful function and value. Without solving a problem or creating something new and shiny, what is the point of any crypto? That’s why I think we hear more and more talk about the real-world value of blockchain opposed to crypto specifically. To be clear, my sole intent in putting my hard-earned fiat into a select group of cryptocurrencies was to earn a higher return than my 401(k) would over a specific time frame. In my opinion, any suggestion that this exciting new financial market shouldn’t be considered an investment opportunity is very naive.
@_date: 2018-12-29 23:01:14
Fuck my life.