@_author: inferno
@_date: 2014-07-08 18:38:42
Isn't it actually a binary though?  I guess it depends how you define the terms.
I think that the level of "security" many people are striving for makes the two mutually exclusive.  And even in a totalitarian police state, I don't think your security is ever absolute anyway.
@_date: 2011-06-14 22:44:51
To be fair, Credit cards come with fraud and theft protection.  Losing your credit card number would very rarely (if ever) mean you lose $500,000.
@_date: 2011-06-08 22:29:06
I mostly agree with you.  But at the same time, there wasn't really any incentive to generate them except for fun.  Just like you could start your own digital currency right now too.  I'd even come along and play with it.
In hindsight, yes it does seem crazy unfair.  I never hoarded my coins, and used them like micro-transactions and tipping websites and things.  I'm not personally going to profit from bitcoin's success.
This could be the reason Bitcoins might fail, because it's simply unfair to the people who want to use it.
Personally I was just having fun.  It was like an awesome economy simulator game.  Still is in a way, but people are taking it serious now, and some are becoming fanatical and risking their livelihoods.  Shit just got real.
@_date: 2011-06-10 23:42:41
Couldn't this fall be due to all the people who are buying mining rigs?  More coins coming into the market, and not as many people entering the Bitcoin market willing to buy?  It's like inflation, the production of coins needs to be as slow, or slower than the rate in which people are buying.
Over the next few days to week, we're going to see a lot more coins entering the market as everyone tries to at least break-even on their equipment purchases.  This will drive prices down.
So either we need to see a huge difficulty increase to offset the new equipment, or we need more users to invest.
@_date: 2011-06-08 22:14:45
As someone whose been doing this for awhile, it's sort of neat.  But at the same time it feels like I'm at an Amway meeting or something.
I see HUGE amounts of people buying into bitcoin hoping to strike it rich, some of them taking out loans and cashing in their life savings to do so.  For all I know the market will be saturated once all these get-rich-quick people buy.  Then when they realize they can't eat bitcoin, and it's sort of volatile, they'll all try to sell to recoup their costs and the market will crash.
I don't know.  It's just weird.  Hardly anybody gave a crap about bitcoin a year ago and now everyone thinks they're going to be millionaires when their coins reach 10k to 125k each.
So while I remain optimistic, lately the crowd bitcoin is gathering makes me feel like I'm in a cult or scam.
@_date: 2011-06-08 21:38:25
It costs electricity to generate the coins.  I remember when bitcoins were 8 US cents per coin.  At the time is was hardly worth me generating any except for a fun and interesting hobby.
In hindsight, I could have been rich.  But isn't that always the case?
@_date: 2011-06-08 21:41:07
I think he's thinking that the creators of bitcoin made this currency, set the difficulty to allow them to generate a lot of coin, then when the price rises, to dump it all.
They made a product that doesn't actually exist, then when it achieved perceived value, they'd sell.
Whether this is true, who knows.  Having said that, I'm still generating coins.  If for nothing else, a fun hobby that pays for itself.
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:44:51
I agree with you for the most part but...
Regarding  only a very selective group of people get to participate, and the wealthier they are, the better they can compete for more wealth.
Mining coins is reliant on having cheap energy (which limits mining regionally and culturally) and disposable income to buy mining rigs.  The rich get richer, faster.
Litecoin tried (is trying?) to solve this issue by using scrypt which isn't so easily conquered by throwing money at it.
As I said though, I mostly agree with you, as there is always going to be issues.  I just don't like the wording of "anyone can participate".  It seems analogous to the thinking that anyone can become a billionaire if they just work really hard.  It all comes down to seed money.
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:35:05
There is a 50/50 chance I will live forever.  I either die, or I don't.