@_author: infiniteblink
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:48:29
Lump me in with the suckers... at every point I was like 'its too high' only to feel like shit.  Back in august, i almost pulled the trigger on a GPU mining rig, but was still a bit timid.  Then l look at whats happening with Ethereum and kicking myself.  oh well, hopefully i'll get a chance to say "i told you so!", but everyday that goes by, it seems to be a long shot.
@_date: 2017-12-29 00:48:54
I can imagine him getting brutally tortured and yelling "HOOODLLLL!" defiantly as they continue torturing him.  Then afterwards leaving him in a corner all beat up, rocking himself muttering "hodl,hodl,hodle..."
Every verge investor. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:27:44
I'd say it was a revolution in bringing forward a lot of ideas that were never discussed in the mainstream media.  Prior to getting on the Ron Paul bandwagon years ago.  I really didnt understand aything about the fed, treasury bonds, fiat currency, nixon repealing the gold standard.  If it wasnt for Ron Paul speaking to those points I would have never reached out to learn more about it. 
The concept of money is fascinating and yet the majority of people are clueless about what that dollar in their pocket represents.  Faith.  Thats it.  Nothing else.  If we all stop believing, its dead.  Its like living in never never land.  Stay asleep and keep dreaming.
What makes the dollar valuable?  The american miltary and OIL (this is not to go into the whole OIL conspiracy theory shit, its siimply that OIL is tied to the USD.  So anyone that wants to buy oil needs to use USD.)
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:35:17
That was a great write up and really gets the point across.  Reading your summary reminded me of Mexico and the drug lords.  The ol whack a mole game.  Im curious to know what happens in this scenario where the gang members derive the power from money in the drug trade.  If you take away the drug trade due to legalization on the US side.  Where does their power come from at that point?
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:22:16
What if as a good american you want to buy your illicit drugs online and the only way to do so that wont (Severely limites) get you in trouble is using the same technology that pedo's/terrorist MAY utilize themselves.
I'd be more than happy with paying for whatever my drug of choice is at a local store that ends up paying taxes, but sadly our draconian drug policy inhibits me from doing so.
The shit part is that this technology has really come up because of people wanting drugs. Then the pedo's and terrorists realize this is a great tool to use as well.
Now.. ask yourself, if it wasnt for drugs would such a completely decentralized system have arose primarily for pedos/terorists? I highly doubt it. There are far more people who have the aptitude and the means to create a system like this because they want to buy/sell drugs. Its a market that is being unmet and hence the blackmarket will create the means to do so. There's too much on the table not to.
Save the world from terrorism (ok thats a stretch, but you get what im saying )by eliminating our draconian drug policies.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:30:35
Another interesting term i've picked up since getting into bitcoin/darknet/tor/etc is that people in that realm refer to the "regular" internet as the clearnet, despite the fact that SSL is technically not clear text transmission.  But i guess clear refers to the fact that you're bound to your actual IP (rather than an obfuscated IP via tor)
@_date: 2014-05-19 23:38:50
My question is this.. As long as people are exchanging USD for bitcoins and vice versa are we still not tied to the USD and thus the policies of the fed and treasury?
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:44:56
They only thing i have to add to your point is that, although the internet made people aware of the different sizes of data chunks only the people who really cared about what 1k, 1MB, 1GB, 1TB.  Let alone when you're talking about transfer rates like 1mbps (have to divide by 8 to see what the actual transfer data rate is: megabit vs megabyte..)
As for young generations adopting it, I agree, but they probably wont understand it becuase we'll be making it more abstract in order to be more mainstream friendly.  Just think about how many kids today know what an IP address/MAC address, routing table, DNS, arp cache, etc.  All the shit that makes us interconnected.  They just know, open app, talk to friends.
No idea why i'm going off tangent like this, but yea.. technology is awesome if you like technology and I agree, its a great time to be alive watching all this happen before our eyes.
I was born in 1980.  Got my first computer in 92' and internet in 93'  I've seen so much happen technologically since then. I've been riding the wave the whole time, but meanwhile there are others in my generation who are clueless and dont care about it.  I have a feeling i'll be the old 80 year old guy rocking the latest tech gear in the old folks home.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:12:56
How do you think the pricing will work IF bitcoin or whatever new similar virtual currency takes over given its fixed pool.
So there will be max one day of 21 Million bitcoins right?  So the more people have them, the less things will cost.  Right now is see things for millibitcoins.  Someone the other day said they paid 16.13mBTC for a coffee and some treats  I was like mBTC (didnt know they were referring to milliBTC)?   Anyhow, the market is still small, but if more people got into it how would we price things that are for example .00001453?  People suck at math already, it would be interesting to see them have to use scientific notation to price things.
Then again, it could be a great learning experience.  Money is a great motivator.  maybe it can finally usher in the metric system in the US.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:43:04
Part of me, ok a lot of me, thinks this is bad.  I'd alaways viewed bitcoin as an alternative to a centralized currency.  I know that if more countries legitamize it, its good for bitcoin because it builds a sense of trust, but at the same time i feel it undermines it as a counter currency.
I want bitcoin to stay hipster, but still be a viable currency that has no government intervention.  
@_date: 2014-04-03 12:29:59
Isn't one of the major advantages of bitcoins the super low transaction fees.  If WU,PayPal,big banks integrate with it won't the transaction cost start to creep in again?
If BTC became more customary as a viable currency despite its current barriers to wider adoption that would neutralize this, but if it ever became a viable secondary currency the government would be all over it..  
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:49:51
Whats interesting in your example is that they're trying to use tools to stifle the propagation of files being shared without the copyright holders intent.  The government will eventually try to get a better handle on bitcoin, it was too niche before, but now that there is real money going into it, its something that will be regulated and enforced better.  Lastly, 3D printing is also in its infancy in terms of greater market adoption via regular people.  The printed gun has lead governments/companies to figure out a way to lock out printing weapons (or attempt to).  Im assuming they'll employ a similar tech that printer manufacturers use to uniquely identify a printer to ensure that its not used for forgery.  Its only a matter of time before there are approved files for printing.  Granted there will still be ways around it that really smart people will figure out, but for the most part regular people will fall in line.  Think of music distribution nowadays, a lot of people are getting on the legal bandwagon thanks to iTunes/Amazon.  I think people getting sued and the difficulty of pirating has created an incentive to use legal avenues.  So the government did help in stifling that.
The freemarket will aid the government in restricting access to unfretted freedom of technology because there is a profit motive to create a better copy protection scheme.
Technological advancements are an arms race, it will require more and more sophisticated techniques to avoid getting caught.  Look at what the silkroad has done.  You can still get drugs/guns/porn, but now you have to employ a secure OS (Tails), PGP, Tor, SSL.  To go about getting stuff securely.
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:07:12
IDS for free go with snort, otherwise source fire defense center.
SIEM, splunk enterprise or Logrhythm
@_date: 2014-04-10 18:09:13
Seems like you do investing for a living or want to.
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:46:50
So if your in the US you'd still have to convert to Euro then BTC.  Point being that in order to migrate you are still at whatever central authority.  Once your all in on BTC you're decoupled, but at this point it's still too early to go big like that.  I cant wait for a headline that a company now starts paying employees in BTC. That's when it's reached the tipping point.
The thing is, in order to go into business you have to comply with numerous regulations. I guarantee if companies start paying wages in BTC, you'll see big regulations coming that will stifle it.  
@_date: 2017-01-01 02:48:25
Not sure why you keep mentioning the QR code aspect.  A random num generator thats only spitting out 6 digits doesnt inherently become safer with the QR code. 
For work, we use a software implementation of a OTP.  It can be installed as software on your laptop (as most employees use) and also on your phone via an app.  Not sure why they even give you the option of locally installing it on your laptop.  Seems to take away some of the 'compartmentalization'.  If someone pops my work laptop via some targeted spearfishing attack, drops a keylogger, they get my password, and they also have access to my OTP generator.
I keep it on my phone because, IMO, is to limit the attack vector.  If they exploit my laptop, they cant get into any corporate data because they'd still have to VPN wtih my creds, then geneate the OTP.  I keep my OTP on my phone only.  If my phone gets bagged, they cant get my work domain password because its encrypted in the apps I initially configured (assuming the software encrypted my password reasonably well).
I'm more worried about my LastPass usage.  I use it for practically everything now.  If my master pass gets popped via a keylogger (its stupidly long to be brute forced), all my personal shit is toast.
I'm a bit more dilligent about my security practices than most, but I know that I'm also a lazy and sometimes careless end user who if someone wnated to come after me, given enough tenacity could end up owning me.
I'm thinking of making a convoluted USB master pass device for my lastpass master pass.  My use case would be that I store my master pass on my usb device that I keep with me at all times like my keys/wallet/cell.  If i'm browsing anything that security is a priority, I have to have my hardware token and have a challenge PIN to unlock it.  Since I'd be making it myself (I have decent skills to make something that shows up as a USB device and could be used to input the stored password), the person would REALLY have to come after ME to figure out my implementation of the scheme.
If you dont mind me asking, what part of security (domain[network,application]/industry[finance/healthcare]) do you work in?  Based on the back and forths, you're more than someone with  passing interest in security.
@_date: 2017-01-22 23:47:12
If germany goes down, the financial instability it will cause will have a massive impact on the US banking institutions as well.  We'll find out just how over leveraged they still are, despite having to have more capital reserves.
@_date: 2017-01-01 01:02:31
It's still better than nothing though right?
@_date: 2017-01-01 01:24:13
What's the better solution that requires some sort of out of band verification.  Everything would require some sort of communication mechanism.  Phone, email.  An automated robo call that you type your pin into?
@_date: 2017-01-01 01:51:22
So more like an RSA token (terrible example, but they kind of pioneered it).
You'd mentioned all the other major players that use 2FA, would you say the best approach at this point is going OTP
@_date: 2015-04-06 01:32:26
Dude, I was thinking the same. Euphoric mania is awesome until the crash.   I wonder how well hes sleeping. Check his post history for "sleep gaps".
I remember when I went through that 14 years ago..
@_date: 2015-03-24 02:47:50
Or lowers the cost of war as a result of competition fighting for smaller budgets.  Yea.. that missle we overcharged you 10,000% for.. yea, we'll sell it to you for a smaller margin.