@_author: infosecfuture
@_date: 2017-10-06 07:02:00
Bitcoins : Bitcoin, in its pure essence, is money. It is a digital currency that serves the same functions and purposes as money, yet it encompasses some key differences from conventional currency. Bitcoin is a payment system described by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008 and introduced as open-source software in 2009. The system works peer-to-peer with nodes recording transactions in a shared ledger denominated in its own unit of account, which is also called bitcoin. Because it lacks a central repository or single administrator, the US Treasury categorizes bitcoin as a decentralized virtual currency Media reports often refer to bitcoin as a cryptocurrency or digital currency. Bitcoin’s status as an actual currency is disputed as it does not have all the attributes of money. Bitcoin is the first cryptocurrency and the largest in terms of total market value although others such as Litecoin and Dogecoin also exist. Bitcoin was not the first virtual currency. Bitcoins are created as a reward for payment processing work in which users offer their computing power to verify and
Record payments into the public ledger. This activity is called mining and is rewarded by transaction fees and newly created bitcoins. Besides mining, bitcoins can be obtained in exchange for fiat money, products, and services. Users can send bitcoins for an optional transaction fee. Bitcoin as a form of payment for products and services has grown, and merchants have an incentive to accept it
Because fees are lower than the 2–3% typically imposed by credit card processors. The European Banking Authority has warned that bitcoin lacks consumer protections. Unlike credit cards, any fees are paid by the purchaser, not the vendor. Additionally, bitcoins can be stolen, and chargebacks are impossible. As of July 2013, the commercial use of bitcoin was small compared to its use by speculators, which has contributed to price volatility. Bitcoins are sometimes used to purchase illicit items—including child pornography, credit card details, and drugs—at deep web black markets and are seized by authorities when such sites are shut down. This fact has garnered bitcoin attention from the media and government.
Who created bitcoins ?
Bitcoin is the first implementation of a concept called “crypto-currency”, which was first described in 1998 by Wei Dai on the cypherpunks mailing list, suggesting the idea of a new form of money that uses cryptography to control its creation and transactions, rather than a central authority. The first Bitcoin specification and proof of concept was published in 2009 in a cryptography mailing list by Satoshi Nakamoto. Satoshi left the project in late 2010 without revealing much about himself. The community has since grown exponentially with many developers working on Bitcoin. Satoshi’s anonymity often raised unjustified concerns, many of which are linked to misunderstanding of the open-source nature of Bitcoin. The Bitcoin protocol and software are published openly and any developer around the world can review the code or make their own modified version of the Bitcoin software. Just like current developers, Satoshi’s influence was limited to the changes he made being adopted by others and therefore he did not control Bitcoin. As such, the identity of Bitcoin’s inventor is probably as relevant today as the identity of the person who invented paper.