@_author: informationscientist
@_date: 2018-01-10 03:50:01
A bull is wild and will run over itself head first off a cliff because every other bull around it is doing the same. 
A bear accumulates and when everything else is scared and near death,  sleeps fat and lazy through the winter.
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:52:29
Coinbase updates what, every 30 seconds?   GDAX can change mutiple times per second.   You are actually on the trading floor there,  compared to up on the balcony watching the ticker after the fact. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:45:22
I sat out in late September from getting started because of the I'D thing.   BTC hit 3200, LTC at 42 and started going up.  I did the dance and neve looked back. 
Learn everything you can about investing in general,  even why to hold and never sell.  It's a great knowledge base to have.  You'll want to know what to do even if that is do nothing. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 03:39:40
When most people see a bull market,  they panic buy and they panic sell.   Everyone who got in at the right time, it's never bullish.
Bears hold, and accumulate.   When the market is bullish,  they have already  moved, taking profits on the bearish accumulation, and the market moves after the fact, panicked, trying to mimic the slow-motion success of the bears.  Sometimes, hibernating - doing nothing - is better than running around crazy tearing up the place. 
Fear where others are greedy, be greedy when others fear amirite.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:08:20
If BTC goes to zero it means we won and fiat is finally understood to be the violence-backed slavery scam it has always been.
I'm looking forward to BTC being measured in sunny, happy, well-adjusted prosperous days a year for every person on earth.  Let's just go with a solid 365 and every 4 years we mine us a new block on Leap Day.
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:51:12
That's true but try calling your broker to get that done the afternoon the NYSE drops 75%.  It's not liquid in the event of financial collapse. 
It's also not actually owning bitcoin, it's providing leverage for institutions to buy contracts based on the bitcoin market volatility.  If those institutions have evaporated in a 24hr period of market collapse,  they're just as worthless, honestly,  as they are today.  
You might make a profit on the ups and downs of the BTC market via the GBTC index fund but you never actually own bitcoin.  Right now,  no regulated financial institution in the US can offer that as an actual product and have it secured by the SEC, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:20:30
China, Russia, and Iran just announced a deal with Saudi Arabia to buy oil with Chinese yuan backed by gold.  That means the whole power structure of the USD as the world reserve currency aka the petrol-dollar is coming to an end.
This means the USD, which has already plummeted in 2017, is going to become worth EVEN LESS.  So now, let's say, in the US, a loaf of bread costs $3.  Those "dollars" are going to be worth even less, so it will now take potentially 6 of those USD to equal the "value" or cost of a loaf of bread.
So, in a sense, a $20k Bitcoin is, in no small part, the product of the constant fiat pegging to USD/EUR/GBP/ETC.  As the value of the dollar has fallen, the relative value of 1 BTC has risen since it's taken more of the dollars to buy the same 1 BTC.
The "drop" or correction or whatever is largely BTC deflating the dollar's inflationary rise.  If this oil deal materializes like it's expected to, then a) the US will go to war over it to maintain the petrol-dollar dominance, and b) the "price" of BTC comparative to the dollar will inflate higher and higher.  It doesn't mean BTC is worth more, it means the dollar is worth LESS.
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:36:12
Would you have bought MORE at 4k?
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:30:40
Fees only occur when there is a transaction.  Erego, treating bitcoin like a tradable currency which incurs transactions will be the death of it.  It costs NOTHING to sit on it and STORE the VALUE.
Because everyone's decided to buy their $18k bitcoin $10 at a time, and transfer it all over the internet coin-hopping and trying to daytrade and gain arbitrage to come out with $10.08 of bitcoin, the network has been completely clogged.
We've essentially opened the door to the King's treasury, and encouraged every stinky 15 year old to buy a dozen gold-plated chains at the mall with the resources, encouraging them that one day, they'll be able to take their "chainz" down to the pawn shop and get 2-10x the value back.  
Then we wonder why, even when the "price" is going up, is the actual value continuing to fall?  Look at all the people who are treating this like they DESERVE massive GAINZ yo, so pissed off when they and a million others rush to exchanges because it "corrects" 3% instead of planning ahead with stop limits and "missing out".  Bitcoin is their BIRTHRIGHT to do nothing and be rewarded with profit.  Look at how they act.
People act like it's their right to SPEND bitcoin like they do their fiat, and you see how well 99% of the world is doing in that arena.  There's plenty of cryptos that make just fine currency - I really wish Ver was smart enough to have just taken that route, because BCASH is great for it, instead of trying to take the OG throne.  Dude could of had it all, but instead, he's trying to be the guy at the swapmeet selling FAKE gold-plated chains instead of real platinum ones.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:02:42
Look at the huge run-up both Ethereum and Litecoin had in the past few weeks - Litecoin went from a steady $50 to $400 because it remedied the problems Bitcoin was having with transaction times and fees and was easily available for major fiat trading pairs.
Ethereum, despite all its problems, went from a very consistent $300ish to almost $900 in the same amount of time until cryptokitties for the same reason.
Neither have the "first to market" or brand recognition of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin was never meant to buy your coffee every morning.  A billion new people wanting to buy $10 worth and then send it all over the internet trying to arbitrage it into $10.18 is what has clogged the network, causing ridiculous fees, which are then complained about by those exact same people.
So if the leaderboard you are talking about is market cap, then yeah it's gonna be tough to overcome $15k per circulating coin.  If you mean circulating supply, as in actually mass adopting coin, then there are actually a number of them out there, the problem is they don't have the longevity or recognition BTC does, and most are restricted to their own native platform, but, after all, this is literally why Dogecoin is still a thing - because it's actually used in a lot of online transactions for stupid cell phone games, etc, and it doesn't take three weeks and $200 to buy corn seeds in whatever the Korean version of Farmville is.
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:28:35
Most people who have money in the stock market have it in a 401k or similar accounts that have provisions and penalties against early withdrawal regardless of what the market is doing. 
Also, the markets will close as it crashes.  The digital money in it is leveraged,  it is not real. 
The investor class will keep buying the dips and the 1% won't even notice. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:13:56
Coinbase clearly states in the buying/selling agreement that they have the right to adjust the price something like 50 basis points in either direction due to market volatility.  When you are dealing with $16,500 that equals what seems like a decent chunk but in reality it's a very minor percentage.
If you want to avoid this, send money directly from your bank account, wait the week or so for it to arrive, send it down to GDAX, and put in limit orders.  You'll avoid the fees too.
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:03:55
GDAX, and every other exchange,  has a vested interest in maintaining price ranges.  They are a large part of the bot-walls you see.  They, and coinbase,  are the bank.  When the price is low, they sell MORE, which means higher fees on volume as people rush to scoop cheap coins at market price or instant buy.
Btw, this is absolutely nothing new and is in no way unique to crypto markets.   Take a look at the silver markets,  for one.   "Regulated" markets are some of the most price-controlled jokes ever created. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:37:23
If a person is such a weak hand that they see a declining price as a bad thing, they need to stop investing and go get a second job to pay off their probably maxed out credit cards.
Go ask any billionaire the last time they bought something while the price was rising.  Even idiots who drop $450million on a painting at an auction do so because even while the auction price is rising, the moment the gavel hits at $450mil, that's the new LOW price for the asset, baring any catastrophe like it being shown a forgery.
The truly wealthy CHEER for the market to crash.  They rejoice when everyone else only sees reds and negatives because they know they can buy up more and more and more of what they are already investing in.  If you are throwing money at something hoping it will not only hold its value but go up forever and ever, you are delusional and should not be playing big boy and girl games with real money, especially when others' lives are on the line.
Buy low, sell high.  If you don't believe in it enough to buy it when it's actually CHEAPER then why the hell did you buy when it was more expensive?   If you just throw money at something regardless of the price, you really don't value money, your time (which the money is a placeholder for), or whatever it is you are buying in the first place.
Also . . . for people who see the "value" of their portfolios in fiat terms . . . please do some research on "relative value" and understand that fiat and bitcoin do not march in lockstep up and down the charts with each other.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:42:09
Yes, quantum-resistant computing is a thing.   IOTA's Tangle states to be quantum-resistant.   Rolling back the chain is also a thing.   Open source code opting to say all holders at these addresses receive this also is a forgery, at a level.
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:20:21
Yo Washington Post how about you return the CIA's $600 Million via Amazon for "cloud computing" before you worry about what anyone else is up to.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:06:52
If they short, the price goes down.  What's wrong with that?  Everybody in the world is clamoring for cheap bitcoin - think about how hard everyone's FOMO'ing they didn't buy LAST WEEK at $8k.  Imagine it at $500, or lower!
If they were smart, they'd long it t push the price even higher to price people out.  Consider on an exchange like GDAX, which is used by a LOT of people, you can't trade with anything less than .01 bitcoin - right now, that's $160ish USD.  All the grandmas and students and new people whose $80 has turned into $150 in two weeks still can't really do anything with it if that's the limit of their exposure.
BUY BUY BJY.  HOLD HOLD HOLD.  Scoop it all up.
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:49:25
Take a look at a daily chart of USD for 2017.  It's down, a lot.
It's actually interesting to do a comparative analysis to btc's same chart.  There's a lot of complementary movements. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:36:38
Right,  exactly why you should buy more.  It could go to $1 dollar, If you bought all the way down, every "worthless" bitcoin and even ol Satoshi cuts you a deal on all his, your cost dollar average would be minimal,  you'd have 18ish million USD in btc.
Then,  the next day .... you sell 1 btc for $2.  Now the market has doubled!  You're worth 36 million!  A week later, you've sold a few. The people you sold to sold a few.  Now it's at $10.  You're worth 180million.  And when it gets back to 5k, 10k, 20k.... because BTC has value. 
You must have a positive strategy as to what you're going to do in negative situations.   You need fundamental analysis along side hype and technicals.   Throw your money at investments you will ride and die with so you are happy when it goes up and EVEN HAPPIER when it goes down.   Your $500 or whatever goes a LOT further at 10k btc or 5k or $25 than it does at 19k.
If you don't believe in BTC, in any investment other than clutching your fiat in your balled up fists,  though then yeah you are gonna end up getting shook out for a loss every time.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:35:23
Sure - it could hit $200k tomorrow but what would that $200k of USD actually be worth compared to what it's worth today?  It could literally happen tomorrow if OPEC decides they've had enough of the petro-dollar as world reserve currency and decides go to the (supposedly) gold-back Chinese Yuan.  
The US Dollar which BTC's value is based on would become even more worthless (BTC has risen so sharply recently not because it's become more valuable, but because the USD has become so much less valuable, so it takes more USD to equal 1 BTC).
So, when today it takes 12kish USD to equal 1BTC, in literally a matter of days or months, that same dollar tomorrow could be worth 1-20th of what it's worth today, meaning it would take 200k+ USD to equal 1 BTC.
That's not really a bullish market.  It's not really "market cap growth" - it's just understanding the flux of money and commodity markets, especially if you are insisting as seeing BTC as a currency meant to be traded instead of the gold standard of digital value storage.  You're essentially giving something value based on something else's implied value, which . . . is yeah kinda how things have been done the last couple centuries but . . . isn't necessarily a great idea.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:52:33
Here's how Christmas dinner is going to go:
Grandma:  "Hey, remember at Thanksgiving when we talked about that Bitcoin thing and I bought some at $8,000?  I just looked, it's at $14,500 right now!!! That's awesome, I totally made almost twice my money back, in a month!!!!  I even heard Dave Ramsey say he thought it was good tech but people who are rushing to make a fast buck are going to hell!"
Me:  "NBD."
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:06:19
Because the exchanges actually own all the coins that their customers think they own.  So all the BTC held on Coinbase since August by all the "hodlers" since the fork?  You know who got all of that BCH?
That's right - COINBASE!
Not your keys, not your coins.  Why do you think it took Coinbase so long to dole out the BCH their people demanded to get?  Because they took 4 months to scalp as much profit off it before it was worth their time to give it out to the people who, in all reality, NEVER EVEN ACTUALLY OWNED THE BITCOIN THEY WERE CLAIMING AGAINST in the first place.
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:39:21
It's a derivative for people with a lot of money to make a little bit more money betting on the value of something without ever having to buy -or sell - that thing.   And it has to end up equaling zero, with the money made in the end on commissions and market fees.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:25:11
See that little green candle with the wick coming out of it in the middle blue circle?  Keep an eye out for that candle, it's often an indicator of a significant price action upward about to happen, like what happened in the next candle.  Same with a small red candle with wick, similar to the first small red candle around 18:00, as a potential indicator of action down.
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:40:20
As someone pointed out earlier,  those markets have 7% swing brakes to stop the markets from trading.  That's a 5-minute candle in BTC.
I can't even imagine the bloated bubble it takes to justify the trillions pumped into the baby diapers of modern closed markets. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:33:36
Will you stop going to Arbys?  Cancel your unused subscriptions?  Cook at home to come up with that hundred?   Once you internalize the how of success you'll make it just fine. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 02:54:46
The house has to pay out the difference between the players who play up and those who posy down.   All money has always been made in commission and fees.  
@_date: 2017-12-28 19:56:23
You know, if you think about it, even throughout the Silk Road/Dark web era, there was more honor and integrity in crypto than there is now.  In fact, it was intrinsically built upon a code of mutual survival.
That's a scary thought.
@_date: 2017-12-10 04:50:51
I don't understand those who throw thousands -or $10 - at the top and don't have more thousands or 10s to throw at it when it's actually CHEAPER. 
IT'S CHEAPER!  You can buy MORE of it .... FOR LESS!
@_date: 2017-12-14 01:50:17
Imagine $1 today being worth the equivalency of 2 cents.  It would then take 1 million dollars to equal 1 BTC, based purely on what you think of on the same scale as 20k usd for 1 BTC today.  It's easy to lose sight of relative value.
It only took 50 years of extreme government control and petrol-dollar manipulation to get a simple bottle of Coke from 5 cents to 1.50.  It really would not take much in this modern world to crash the dollar in an afternoon.   
@_date: 2017-12-13 04:46:48
Look up support and resistance lines on charts.   Then find those points in the order book, and put your order in on the first OPEN bid spot on this side of the wall, lower if buying,  higher if selling.  Keep an eye on the wall and adjust levels accordingly.    Profit.
Also, most all exchanges have a house stack operating on a bot in every pairing to keep the market liquid within constraint.   If the demand is there,  the wall gets sold or bought through.  This is part of the "listing fees" paid to exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:09:13
At the end of the day, be happy it's only Bitcoin.  And apparently ethereum next.   Jamie Dimon believes in blockchain,  just not "Bitcoin".  How blockchain is used is the value that Bitcoin was devised to pay out a reward for validating (and a direct machine response to account for power costs).  For them,  it's like the South Park episode where everybody starts eating in their butt and crapping out of their mouths.
Best case for them the futures do actually end up balancing,  and they have no other logical position but to hold all the shorts.  They own the guns but they aren't holding them.   With inflation it will be a nice peg for them to maintain fiat rationality like including a USD or EUR valuation comparison on an exchange when you are actually trading in ETH or BTC, etc.
Worst case for them we buy all the longs (someone has to for there to be any return on the realization of the short) as well as all the bitcoin regardless of their USD pricing.  The short game to $500 even if Nakamotp moves his coins would pay off in the long -  completely crushing the trust in their system.   These silly $4 and $7 exchange buys for altcoins and coffe superwallets, me buying $3.50 of POWR on Bittrex is not recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain.thereby
Our valuation is not locked to the same arbiter theirs is.  It's not illegal for me to invest in all sides to win, and know it's not WHETHER the ball lands in my slot for a payout, but WHEN. 
As long as people can run inverse fractional reserve banking and investing with crypto they will always drive 8 decimal points of value instead of 8 figures.
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:47:01
Tell that to Apple, Google, and Amazon stock holders who held through all time lows.  The ones who kept buying at $10.
What you think has no value today,  I may think has unlimited potential value in the future.  What you see as declining in value, I see a beautiful accumulating period.   I'm the one investing,  so I'd better believe in it all the way to the floor. 
The closer to the floor it gets the more I can buy for the same amount of money.   That's an increase in value of what I am holding,  fuck your declining dollar. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:23:10
I'm sure exchanges support any and every hardfork that gives them free coins, just like everyone with bitcoin in a non-exchange wallet likes getting them also.
Do I think BitcoinUnion or BitcoinDiamond or whatever are going to have a lot of demand, enough for tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of people to stomp their feet and demand Coinbase or Bittrex or whatever give those free coins to them?  Probably not.  
But, by their very nature, those forks WILL be issued to all BTC holding addresses.  If Coinbase "holds" 500,000 bitcoin, they are going to get 500,000 units of the forked coin.  It might be worth a lot, might not be worth anything - doesn't matter, it was free FOR THEM.
Other exchanges who DON'T support it - or, more accurately, the APPEARANCE of not supporting it to their members, at least - because why give the users something for nothing that they don't really have a claim to in the first place that they, the operators who actually own the exchange wallets, can sell for a pure profit?
I mean, even if an exchange operator DESPISES BCASH, do you think that when they saw the several hundred or several thousand or several hundred thousand BCASH coins magically appear in their wallets, they just went hmm nah, and deleted them?  No.  They either dumped them on the market like everybody else, or they held them hoping they'd appreciate.  It's business.
@_date: 2017-12-01 03:06:46
Would you not buy more at $1200, or $500 or if it got shorted down to $100 again?  You literally could buy mutiples more at that point and be worth more than you are today, if you've just bought in recently.   
And when those traders are a thing of the past, and you have a huge store of 50k btc, you'll say to yourself I SURE AM HAPPY THE MARKET CRASHED THOSE TIMES. 
That's how wealthy people think.   Poor people want it just go up and up because they are desperate to win and do not know how to profit when everything falls apart.  
We should be more afraid they'll long it to keep as much of it out of circulation as possible.   We are in site of the market being sucked up to $20k by non HODL sellers and see a huge part of the adoption market priced out of BTC at even a fractional level.
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:23:54
Not your keys, not yur coins. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:50:48
The CME Chicago Metcantile Exchange, the biggest commodities and securities exchange in the US, is getting ready to offer SEC-regulated futures contracts possibly by EOY.
This is the exchange that handles corn, wood, meat pricing, etc in the States.   The minimum contact, if I remember right,  has to be for $100,000 USD of bitcoin.  Minimum.  Every contract
The futures are for a price on x-date in the future.  The brokers have to buy at lows to fill those contacts at profit at maturation.  It's ATH now but is closer to all-time lows once regulated, fiat-backed institutions get (more directly) involved in a commodity that is NOTHING in comparison to what they normally deal with.  It's in their best interest to buy everything as low as possible and the only thing stopping them from buying everything is the HODLers.
HODLers don't have their coins on GDAX.  But sellers do.  An artificial price explosion due to the market getting sucked up - maintained by professional market "makers" - will only serve to ensure their futures contracts are that much more profitable in the end.
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:18:19
The futures trading alone could buy GDAXs entire sell wall in an afternoon.  
@_date: 2017-11-19 05:44:04
Get a slice of that pizza
@_date: 2017-11-21 22:52:50
This is one of the funniest things I've seen in a long time.  Ver was PISSED at the very end haha.  The best line is Richard Heart saying something to the effect of "No, some TECH come up to you and told you Bitcoin has something wrong with it, that's all you know."
Heart with the REKT again!
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:36:52
Because it will get cheaper than it is right now, and I will buy more.  I don't view Bitcoin as a currency - it is, to me, a store of value.  There's plenty of other cryptos to use as currency.  I'll chip a bit off here and there for some alts I'm holding, but otherwise, it goes straight in storage.
If you look at the historical data of any exchange or market - from stocks to commodities, etc, it is the people who FOMO buy who end up getting in at the peaks and panic-sell on the way down to cut their losses (or preserve some profit) who end up losing the most.  If you have the fortitude to hold through panic a couple times, you'll learn how to actually look FORWARD to the market failures so you can buy more of your chosen asset at a lower price.
Then, you sit on it, waiting for it to go back up.  If it goes down EVEN MORE, then you buy EVEN MORE.  Sounds crazy, but that is actually the billionaire mindset.  If you don't have the capital to throw at it, you shouldn't do it.
Remember the classic mantra - Fear when others are greedy, Greedy when others fear.  
I won't be making any more fiat-BTC purchases until it stays either above $12.5kUSD for a couple of days or drops below $8k, and I really would not be surprised to see it hit $5500, or less.  A lot of new buyers with new money may potentially be permanently burned out of the adoption market if a correction occurs - and corrections are HEALTHY for markets.  I think the market has been flooded by greedy, short-sighted speculators who barely know how to get in and probably know how to get out of their positions even less.  Most people getting in have no idea how markets work, how to analyze trends, or how to diversify their portfolios to shore up peaks and dips across the board.
Most new people I know are throwing EVERYTHING they have into crypto because their bank account pays less than 1% and entry into "safe" stocks are prohibitive since you can't buy fractions of stocks like Google, Apple, Amazon, etc.  These are people who can barely afford their lifestyles now as it is.
There's WAY too many people who've just made 25% profits in the past week and are going to have to ask themselves if they have the cajones to stick in the market to hit $12k, $15k, $20k, or beyond.  I think most of these people are going to sell off at the first sign of panic, and that is where I'll be greedy.  I don't need to be greedy at $10-11k, I was already greedy enough several thousand dollars ago.
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:32:01
I'm gonna chalk it up to people selling out profits to finance the first post-fork announcement Friday night celebrations in Asia.
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:35:15
Everybody who had bitcoin before you wanted it to go up, unless they wanted it to go down,  so they could buy more.
@_date: 2017-11-19 06:35:18
Do you have a Faraday shield for your cold storage?  That's what it's worth right now. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:26:18
It's better than Apple or Google simply for the fact you personally can buy a fraction of a bitcoin, whereas you cannot buy a fraction of a particular stock.   
10 in BTC a week is a historical record of being a better payout than saving 10 every week until you have enough for one share of Google.
@_date: 2017-11-29 17:38:55
Fear?  No.  Look forward to?  Absolutely.   I'd love to see it hit 5500 again. 
@_date: 2017-11-19 04:20:30
Do you own your own land?  Do you have seeds to get you through the winter?   How many gallons of water on hand and what's your average APR?
NEVER invest what you can't afford to lose UNLESS you are investing in YOU.
You can get everything set up, your coinbase,  whatever,  so when the pullback happens you are ready.   Go out and get ready.  Put your fiat in order because when you get off it it's  gonna be wild for a bit.  Put 10, 20 usd on gdax every few days.  Stop going to Starbucks.   Eat at home.   Throw that $8 on the exchange.   Learn how to read the EMAs.  
Are you ready to more than double your money,  lose 30% of it, then recover that 30% to hit all time highs a week later?  That is literally the last 6 weeks of bitcoin.  
DO YOU EVEN ALTCOIN BRO?
Learn trading terms,  learn charts,  watch youtube.   Get ready. 
Then,  yes.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:34:46
All my limit sells/buys I placed three days ago in preparation for exactly this moment went through without a problem.  I didn't even have to be stuck to a computer screen for days on end.  
Nothing better than selling high and buying it all back +30% more coins 15 minutes later, and then head back towards highs 10 minutes after that.  I even got to keep a little fiat off the top of LTC.
Develop an investment plan, stick to it, and let your money work for you.  With a little foresight you won't need to worry about panic-chasing a market either up or down.
@_date: 2017-11-26 05:08:26
Everybody who sold is dumb.  Everybody who bought is smart.  If you want to play the short game, you better know the analysis and know how to time it right or you might get left behind. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 02:22:23
The sad part is they haven't been taught how to save either.  I like that aspect about the HODL mentality.  It also teaches normal people how trading markets, exchanges,  etc work.  Kids eat this stuff up, it's the new Pokemon.  There are great life lessons in how to use money to make money, and how storing value can be more important than spending currency. 
@_date: 2017-10-20 16:51:50
It's a regulated "trust" for the markets to invest in BTC via government backed securities, like a one-stock mutual fund.  To me, it's basically "mainstream" traders wanting all the profits with none of the risk.  There's institutional money involved. 
It at one time followed BTC pretty close, but the last few weeks it has not paired very well.  I think it went from 690 to something like 740 the week after the China FUD recovered,  haven't paid much attention since then,  but sitting sub $700 now, which is less than when BTC was sittiing at 4k.  You'd think it would have boomed to closer to $800 given ATH but that's Wall Street for ya, they probably aren't going to let their market be as motivated or impressed by fork-hoarding as the believers.
@_date: 2017-10-12 15:19:05
A bit of advice . . . for YEARS my wife and I stayed out of BTC because we thought it operated like regular stocks.  The "common person" - not a broker - can't buy a half a share of Apple.  You can't go put $20 into Amazon every paycheck and let it ride.
We thought "DAMN!  Let's get a couple hundred together and go get 1 BTC . . . but bills!  Next week!"  Then . . . "Let's get a couple grand together and go buy 1 BTC! But . . . let's pay all our credit cards off with that first."
Then . . . China FUD.  We're a few years on.  We say THE TIME IS NOW, BOOM $3200 ready to go, setting up our Coinbase access (total newbs, I know) and . . . 
and . . . 
We coulda been dumping $10, $20, $100 into this EVERY SINGLE WEEK FOR YEARS.
Now, we look at every decision to go out to eat as $50 we could drop into BTC.  
I can't touch my 401k until I retire or quit this job and take a tax hit.  My savings account pays LESS THAN 1%.  You can't touch a bank CD for more than . . . 4%?
BTC went up around 8% LAST NIGHT.  Your $500 yesterday would be worth $540 today.  It might go down to $4800 overnight, or look out for Asia selling off on Friday night to go finance karaoke.  
But now, you can control YOUR OWN FINANCIAL DESTINY.  This has not been available to the serfs for centuries.  It is now.  Learn as much as you can, but as the old proverb goes, there are two best times to plant a tree - 20 years ago, and today.
@_date: 2017-10-12 17:44:37
My mom is a semi-retired, computer-literate but not tech-savvy person who lives in a relatively restricted income, almost 70 years old.   She's got a little savings, but . . . it's not much, and every day on that USD it gets to be worth less and less.
After laying out the facts to her that this level of financial self-determinism has NEVER been available to the average person, after laying out hours of research, dozens of community tutorial videos on trading, on alts, and most importantly on what blockchain technology itself is and the future in front of us it provides, laying out the CENTURIES of fiat, centralized banking, serfdom, and how, now . . . now we can do something about it . . . she is in.
She thought she was doing "ok" after working nearly 50 years, but, deep down, knows she is living paycheck to paycheck, getting older and weaker chasing that dollar every day.
IF she had the financial knowledge to take advantage of banks paying higher interest rates in the 80s, IF she'd known how to leverage debt for profit, IF the public school systems had taught her how finance worked in the 50s . . . she wouldn't need this advice.  Her lambos would be buying their own lambos on the moon for her right now.
But now?  I have her learning how to do technical analysis,  I have her reading white papers, I have her on Twitter watching for what is (and isn't) said.  I'm tired of arguing with her over what's the best MACD settings.   MOM I DON'T CARE YOU CAN COLOR-CODE YOUR CHART HOWEVER YOU WANT.  The Excel sheets man . . . the excel sheets.
There's barely anyone in the little rural town she lives in who has high-speed internet, much less knows or gives a damn about not just crypto, but ACTUAL finance systems.  But she's learning.  I'm paying her in BTC to research coins/ICOs in her free time, and she's turning it around in her own wallet, making profit.  She's got the time to do it.  
Now, she's investing in crypto loan companies directly to the "developing" world.  Now, she's learning the difference between proof of work and proof of stake,  she's throwing $5 or $10 here and there into things like FoldingCoin.  She's talking with the farmers in her area about unionizing their data on a blockchain - did you know the US government sells farmer tech data for huge profits, and the farmers don't get shit out of it?  
She's listening to the Think and Grow Rich audiobook.  I get texts that just say "RETRACE!!!".  She listens to CryptoNews BECAUSE the Eric Clapton intro, the same reason I turn it off.
Another example:  A good friend of mine gambles online.  A LOT.  He uses CoinBase for nothing else but getting BTC to throw at this site, and once he wins, it just sits there doing nothing for him.  He knows about tumbling, but doesn't know much of anything else.  
He and his girl came over a few weeks ago, we went over markets, terms, how to take his BTC out of the site's tokens, keep it in a wallet and make money while he's sleeping, etc.
But the biggest take-away he had was to go home and teach HIS young daughters about this stuff.  They went home and they as a family learned TOGETHER how stock markets work, how finance works, the market terminology, how to SAVE, how to INVEST, how to RESEARCH.
And most importantly, all these people, I give one mission - NO FUD, NO FOMO, HODL, THINK AND GROW RICH, keep your game TIGHT.  There is NOTHING better than seeing people give themselves the power to get out of serfdom.  There is NOTHING better than seeing people CHEER when the market FALLS so they can BUY BUY BUY just like just like Buffet, the Rothschilds, et al.  They are learning how to get out of the BUY LOW/SELL HIGH mentality and how to get into the SELL HIGH/BUY LOW mentality.
I'm freshly invested this myself, but not new to knowledge of the tech and product.  I know tomorrow, next month, next year, 5 years, 10 years . . . we're gonna be the vanguard.  The opportunity of things like Walton, Civic, Cure, Sia, whatever, to radically increase efficiencies, accuracy, verification, are incredible.  
The shills, the Dimons, etc . . . we aint gonna hate, we're gonna play their game, but on our field.  We're gonna make our markets, take our profits, buy our moon-lambos and still struggle to wear matching socks.
An EMP can wipe this out tomorrow, but the veil is lifted, and the knowledge - the real power - has been transferred.  We got this.
@_date: 2017-10-09 21:58:22
"Hold On for Dear Life"!
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:03:18
Do you know what a not orange carrot looks like and why?