@_author: infrikinfix
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:46:35
That article was cringe inducing. Anytime someone says currencies need some sort of  "intrinsic value" the person has revealed themselves  to be  a dilletante. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 02:35:41
Somewhat ironically, arbitrary precision arithmetic is limited by machine numbers. I don't remember the exact reason why, I just remember finding that out when naively trying to get around some precision problems with an arbitrary precision arithmetic package and getting overflow problems when trying to compute something relatively straightforward. You just have some different machine constraints that ultimately are similar to the constraints with fp numbers.
@_date: 2014-05-02 06:56:26
I am looking for something a bit more academic I think, not interested in personal finance self help so much.  From what I gather that seems more like a self help kind of book right?
@_date: 2014-05-02 16:56:34
Thank you for the suggestion. What I was getting at with the crackpot statement is I want a book that isn't a polemic. I prefer analysis that doesn't start with a "this is how things should be" and then set out the analysis to take you to that conclusion, ussually spelling out who are the bad guys for you. You know Positive vs. normative, descriptive vs. prescriptive. I feel like those narratives  make insight harder to come by. 
For example, the political economist Bruce Buena De Mesquita writes about political behavior which decent people can see is morally questionable, but he doesn't need to spell it out for you, he just describes political behavior as a human phenemenon, not getting bogged down in moralizing the behavior and suggesting improvements. I find public choice theory in general is like that and I personally feel I get a lot more out of that approach and was hoping for something similar with money and banking.
That said, my impression of Rothbard is he does have an ax to grind which would make me think it might not be what I am looking for, not to say it is devoid of insight. I could be wrong though, I've only read a little bit of him here and there and seen a little bit of stuff that came out of the Mises Institute (some of which I find insightfuul even if it is politicized)
The gold thing I just get tired of because I feel like money goes deeper than that. It is interesting historically but I feel like if there were no such thing as precious metals with all of thier advantageous qualities for use as money, people would still have come up with monetary systems in some other way. So looking at gold offers insight, but people get hung up on it.
@_date: 2014-01-16 02:55:34
I'm dumb, I was thinking of doing calculations over the rationals in mathematica where you end up with fractions that have huge numerators or denominators. Of course arbitrary precision is only limited by memory and speed. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 01:40:06
In the very long run (maybe ridiculously long) that does not seem  to be the only possible consequence since BTC have finite subdivisions. A currency isn't very useful if there are only a small number of usable bitcoin fractions left. But I don't know the rate so this could be a problem that is only likely to turn up after the heat death of the universe for all I know, which is why I am enquiring.