@_author: inhelicopta
@_date: 2019-02-02 20:41:15
See that’s just killing the confidence and adoption.. it would still be here like I said. Literally everyone in the world would need to stop mining it or you’d need to shut the internet down. There are attack vectors but it is still early. The true time to attack it was actually the day it was created and we are a long time past that. Security still growing.
On the taxing part that may be true turning it back into dollars, but I don’t see myself able to pay in gift cards or euros or what have you. Only dollars, or my house/car/my body in jail and up until recently bitcoin. So even if it seems small, that says something. 
5.8 million? There are 22 million bitcoin wallets alone, this does not include users of exchanges that don’t use their own proper wallet nor does it include users of other crypto currency’s. You must be mistaking that number for the “active users” study, and that’s just bitcoin again. There’s more than that. 
Yes as crazy as that sounds that is around the estimate for it’s stable value. Time will tell if it will ever be stable. I thought it was crazy when I saw it reach $100. But guess what? Each time the bubble grows, then pops, a new higher low is found. You should know that. And that’s part of the growth I’m talking to you about. It has never gone back down to  a penny, a dollar, 20 dollars, 500 dollars, etcetc. It keeps going crazy up then crazy down and finding a new floor that is higher than it once was, that’s what we can get from these boom and bust cycles so far that there is actual price growth for now. 
In 1995 there were only 16 million users of the internet. To think that in only 10 years to 2006 there would be over a billion people on the internet, that’s delusional!! (See what I did there) you couldn’t stop the internet, look where it is today and had evolved to. So far it seems bitcoin/crypto can’t be stopped, aswell as it’s evolving.. wonder where that will go (seriously lol) 
Remember it’s still young. Only 10 years old and still evolving and so many people still don’t know about it. The monetary incentive system is set to last ‘till long past we are dead in 2140 and even then the system can go on. 
Not that many people talked about the internet in your day to day life back in the day, now people spend their lives on it. 
Who knows, when the fog clears we both will aha
@_date: 2019-02-23 15:53:22
This guys been around for years... seen him a lot. I remember he’s posted about it before years ago (: 
@_date: 2019-02-02 19:17:36
It didn’t exist until the time it came to light in 2008 though. It’s very young. Could be gone tomorrow? What part exactly? The invention can’t be taken away now that it exists, it’s a software protocol like the internet. Sure you say it could be gone tomorrow but you would have to break every algorithm possible for every chain and even then new ideas and technologies are constantly created. Think of the internet. 
The reason fiat has that power is because of the artificial demand and laws for it.
The confidence in one chain? Yeah sure that part could be gone tomorrow but at this point I’m not so sure. 
You’re assuming the world is going to just take this entirely and adopt it overnight. That’s not going to happen. Doesn’t with anything. The facts are that it has yet to ACTUALLY be taken down, it’s very young, and it has steadily been growing through its early years and we’ve yet to hit the point of it being gone tomorrow, but more so it’s becoming normalized in society slowly. There are a few states voting to be able to pay taxes directly in bitcoin I mean think about that among other things. I could go on down the list. Point is in my eyes, it’s growing, and it’s young. Do I know for a fact it will become super valuable? No. But I do know it’s here to stay and price/adoption wise, it hasn’t been stagnant and the long term trend we can take from it’s short existence has been up. 
@_date: 2019-02-02 19:56:00
I do not know and you don’t either, we can only draw our own conclusions. I more so wanted to know what aspect of it would be gone tomorrow? 
It doesn’t need to be impressive to have a lasting effect. When used in proper applications it can make things more efficient. bitcoins just the first example. And again new technologies are making these things faster.
What made the dollar so dominant? The artificial demand. If the government didn’t come up and say “you have to use this as money, and you have to pay your taxes in this money cause that’s what’s valuable to us” then no one would HAVE to use it and it probably wouldn’t have became so dominant and normalized in society. It used to be tied to something but not at this point. Also ironically enough, states are starting to accept bitcoin for taxes, other than the dollar. 
The security is giving it its value sure, but that’s the beauty. It has YET to be unsecure and no one has stopped it yet. If you can’t stop it and everyone’s slowly turning an eye to it, what’s going to happen in the long term you think? (I think it will grow until it finds its certain stable value, but that’s me)
Viruses? How would one implement that on an already encrypted chain? 
Anyway yeah I don’t know if it will become super valuable, but I do know that it’s just like a Pandora’s box as in you can’t just kill it, and it surely hasn’t been getting smaller in its observable long term, just these crash cycles make people think it’s “dying, never going to work, will plummet” they only pay attention to the moments in those times, they don’t look at the overall growth or actually research it
@_date: 2019-02-02 18:18:24
I wouldn’t call it stagnant when it was worth literally near nothing at one point, and yet, magically, as it evolves it keeps growing with the cycles. Not claiming to know where it’s going to go. I feel I know where it may go. But I’m just saying it’s not stagnant 
@_date: 2019-06-18 13:25:01
Think he meant coinbase pro, you can still send to a different wallet from there and coinbase eats the fee for you so it's free to transfer
@_date: 2019-12-20 14:59:19
Aside from the few people I’ve onboarded, same here they are rare to find!
@_date: 2019-12-20 13:47:35
I was about to say, I live here too!! Haha
@_date: 2019-06-17 21:28:46
And he's not even in control of his keys if he's just using coinbase....
@_date: 2018-11-26 19:36:47
You sir are an awesome person 
@_date: 2018-12-31 15:21:49
Buar 