@_author: inigooomontoya
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:08:49
I have watched the BBC documentary and listened to the unabridged American Kingpin audio book.
Based on these, I dont think Ulbricht is a hero in anyway, in fact he was guilty as charged and probably guilty of a lot more. Nevertheless, I do think his sentence was too harsh because of mitigating circumstances. He is a victim of leading a sheltered self-centered life, the anonymity of the web and cryptocurrencies, and hubris (which is something very common in all of history).
Drugs, legal or illegal, are much more insidious than you think. I think it is far more likely that Ulbricht's "libertarian" philosophy was more a result of his penchant for drugs than an actual result of deep thought and reasoning. Think about it -- you take an illegal drug and it makes you feel great. What is your next thought? Naturally, your next thought is "why is this illegal? this is wonderful! Everybody should be able to do this!" So what is going on here? You are not thinking about society as a whole. You are thinking about yourself. You are thinking that everybody is like you and will probably have wonderful times with drugs if given the chance. Of course you will admit that not everybody will have the same reaction or will use them wisely, but that is their problem and you should not be restricted in your life by other people's problems. Do you see what is going on here? The drug is biasing you. You are involved in it now. You are not an uninterested bystander.
So Ulbricht isnt a hero. His political views were largely the result of his drug use. But those political views were only part of his incentive to start the Silk Road. The other was money -- how do we know this? Well, if he wasn't interested in personal gain, his take would have been something like an average salary (well average for somebody living in San Francisco) plus expenses of running the business. So what does taking a large amount of money represent in this case? Hubris and greed. And this also explains why he tried to protect his web empire with violence. But the flaw of hubris and greed has been a character flaw recognized throughout society.
On top of this, he really wasnt that smart -- this is especially clear when he started trying to kill people. He knew how uncertain things are on the internet, yet when bitcoins were apparently taken by one of his employees, even though he knew almost immediately that this employee been arrested by the police, he still had no doubt that his employee had stolen from him. So he immediately tried to have his employee beaten and then killed. Wait a minute, how did he know that his employee's computer hadnt been hacked or the police themselves hadnt turned him by threatening prosecution? These are distinct possibilities to any half wit.
And he put a hit on a guy who took money from the Dead Pirate Roberts? Oh wait, I am sure the police would never suspect him, the owner of a multi million dollar website who had been robbed, with murder/conspiracy. ;)
You see? Drugs make you stupid, you lose your situational awareness, you adjust your political view to justify your penchant or habit. So this guy was really flawed and not that smart on top of it. But that is human, and he was dangerous. He certainly deserves punishment, AND a substantial enough punishment to discourage others like him because there are many like him out there.
He should have received 20 to 40 years in jail, and to never profit a dime from what he did on the Silk Road.
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:05:18
au contraire
@_date: 2017-09-18 19:53:07
I completely agree. I am not saying that Ulbricht's philosophy or position is completely wrong. I really dont see the difference between weed and Big Macs either, and I have never done illegal drugs intentionally. My point is that we all tend to take political positions that facilitate how we want to live our lives. If I did illegal drugs, I would be against their illegality too, whether I realize that my political position is self-serving or not is another question. I am saying that he has a personal interest in his political position, his libertarian political position is tainted, not that it is wrong. My point is that he is human, apparently intelligent, but not a genius because he is not aware of how his lifestyle affects his political views. Maybe I am wrong, maybe he would have been a hard-core libertarian whether he had a drug predilection or not, but that is the feeling I get from the book and the documentary, he was pretty much a normal guy who found the tools to enable others with similar habits, and he didnt acknowledge that the tools he was using enabled a lot of worse behavior too, and his greed and hubris caused him to go overboard and try to kill or harm people who abused his trust.
@_date: 2017-09-15 22:58:15
From reading some of what the judge said in the sentencing, there was information provided to the court during the sentencing phase of the trial regarding attempted killings. Though I dont know much about criminal law, I believe that a lot more information can be considered by the court during sentencing than in the main trial -- this includes character testimony, both good and bad.