@_author: inkhaton
@_date: 2017-08-19 07:30:15
Ok - why?
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:51:57
centralization of processing transactions through hubs which give the rich an unfair advantage in the system (like regular banking) and expose them and everyone depending on them for transactions as single points of failure. Not using central hubs in LN is cost prohibitive to most users for common transaction due to need to settle on blockchain which is expensive. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:13:10
Segwit an LN are the poison. Not segwit2x....  
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:09:41
I know they are locked - but they are locked on the lightening network - not in bitcoin. Does the blockchain know anything about our contract?  I know i can't give LN the runaround because it enforces its rules, but bitcoin itself does not enforce these rules.
What is stopping me from using another computer with another - bitcoin only no knowledge of LN Wallet - with the same wallet file and just transfer my shit out of it to another wallet in pure bitcoin - before the LN nonsense is settled.
Seems like only LN can enforce LN contracts but thats assuming everyone is only using LN. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:52:03
Yea - I get it now. Im a clown.  Though I think in the future, the incentive to participate in the real bitcoin as a miner or a node, will be increasingly grater that altcoins will just die off completely. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:08:00
So maybe actually thats the problem....   maybe SHA256 chips are optimized for hashing quickly but not optimized to has efficiently...
Even if some super chip can has a million times a minute, a million dell latitude desktops from 5 years ago all need to just perform 1 hash and that collection of dells will win every single time - (well the sha chip would win 1 out of a million times or something)
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:12:10
So how are they validated - miner run full nodes right? Who else is running nodes? Are you running a node?  
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:21:23
LN seems to be a fundamentally different concept from bitcoin, with different rules, different implications, different balance of power....  some of which lead down a not too optimistic theoretical path of centralized control by the wealthy. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:29:20
I assume running a node is the key - the more people that run nodes the better. I base this on this from the paper:
"To compensate for increasing hardware speed and varying interest in running nodes over time,
the proof-of-work difficulty is determined by a moving average targeting an average number of
blocks per hour.  If they're generated too fast, the difficulty increase"
The difficulty is high because now the "varying interest over time" is to generate new coins. However, we may decide that the varying interest over time becomes voting rights in the system over generating coin which has its own and different value.  It seems that based on this, even though the chances of a 1 trillion MHZ CPU might get the coins, but has an equal vote as a 33MHZ CPU when it comes to voting (validating blocks?).
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:10:16
Out of your three points, the one and only mentioned in Satoshi's paper is the the gratest cumilitive proof of work determined by consensus. Really thats all that matters.
That determines the highest number of tramsactions that have the horsepower behind to process them most efficiently.
Market cap is meaningless because its totally based on human speculation and fluctuates with world events, and especially this early, it is not a valid determining factor of what the price WILL be.  
The amount of brainpower or public support is equally nonsense. People ate fickle, easily influenced and brainpower is measured by the publics interpretation of the ideas generated. 100 chess average players have more brainpower than 1 grand master , but their combined brainpower doesnt mean that independently or together they can ever beat the grandmaster.
Bitcoin is governed only by math. Only by network rules. The way any blockchain will succeed is by combination of developers making the most balanced decisions, which make the network more efficient, which attracts users and their volume attracts miners. All together they create value. Over time its a self feeding mechanism and as it grows in mass its "gravitational" pull will attract more users and more miners. 
Yahoo had tons of features and google had just a textbox. Google won because its output was more efficient, and people chose to sacrifice nifty features, newsfeeds and games (gimmicks) for the system that more efficiently satisfied their fundamental need. Facebook beat myspace because it more efficiently supported more users instead of allowing custom wallpapers and midi files. As more people switched to facebook, more people followed because their friends did.
Bitcoin race will be the same. Future will tell, but "improvements" like lightning network, sidechains, smart contract offshoots etc.. seem like gimmicks while neglecting the efficiency of the core feature people actually want.  
Most people will prefer the simpler solution which just provides an efficient way to use plain bitcoin.
The core target group is not to appeal to a group of internet nerds who get fired up about gimmicky gadgets but the average person that just wants simply what bitcoin already offers.  
Coincidently, what the system is designed to support growth simply in those terms. Not to be used as a platform for apps. 
History repeats itself but time and time again , the loosers in technology are the ones that want to load up on features and the winners are the ones who focus on making one clearly defined service the best it can be.
Look back in time to any competative tech products and simplicity with efficiency always wins over feature bloated "we can do it all- but nothing the best" clowns. 
Keep it simple stupid.  Shit's old as time
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:37:45
But if you dont then you will be responsible for settling a higher number of transactions with the blockchain yourself (for every channel) rather than as littel as 1 with the HUB only - . There will be a clear financial incentive to do everything through this hub
@_date: 2017-08-15 07:19:57
Yes. They need to control the private key to your wallet to be able to move coin in and out. Once its there, send it to a private wallet that no one but you knows the private key to
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:57:36
Don't listen to others. There IS a community vote - but its not done on chatrooms or forums - its by CPU. You have to run a miner or node for the verision of your choice.  This crap is so genious, it will work despite forks or complete other blockchains...   its math. 
The chain with the most blocks has the most coins and can handle the most transactions to support the most users but the rate of released coins has to be proportional to the amount of users joining the system and they will join only the most widely used one.   The chain that can grow fastest naturally is one that gets its shit together, and has the most cpu power allocated so that it can process and create new blocks most efficiently.  
As you increase your vestage in that chain, its in your interest to provide CPU to that chain and there is less incentive to support lesser chains.  
Eventually the strongest will survive and overcom all others which will become useless - why would anyone waste their time on less stable, less used and less valuable asset?
We are still in the phase comparable to early social networks - there was facebook, my space, hot or not , aim, etc...   People dabbled in all of them -- but ultimately the more people gravitated to the best one, so did everyone else because thats where everyone else was and all the others died and now there is only facebook. 
This chaos will end naturally - maybe all of bitcoin will die and something else will replace it - but ultimately once the balance is struck correctly, one of them will win decisevly - its just a matter of time. For now, the chaos will ensue while people continue to look for immediate personal gain without taking into account the big picture
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:35:39
The ONLY argument I heard out of this whole sub about why BCash is bad, is that the increase to the block size IS THE reason why its bad and that is because it gives too much power to the miners. 
So since LN and Core don't solve that problem but also make it worse in some ways ..   tell me why BCash is not the way to go? (Assuming you just want bitcoin and not some 2nd layer bullshit PayPal clone network)
What do you mean? 
All anyone would have to do is look at wallets and how many transactions they are processing. 
Since hub nodes would be doing processing for many users, they would be settling often and alot of transactions and their volume of transactions would be immensely higher then your average user. 
On top of that, their wallet address would be pegged because all the contracts they have will all of their "clients" so there would be static wallets with massive transaction throughput. 
Anyone can probably go on blockchain.info an do a manual search they would stick out so hard.
Honestly, at this point I even have more coin in BTC than BCH but I honestly feel like the longer it is before everyone jumps the BTC shipt the worse it will be.  BTC has the inertia with all investors etc..   if they keep going through to this LN fiasco - I am starting to think it will be like the titanic and when it fails - with everyone on board - it will be a loooooong time before you can convince people to go back into cryptocurrencies. 
Bitcoin was a simple and pure concept that is ENOUGH and should be the goal that is strived for - not some new innovation made by  kids who may be brilliant coders,  can't see two steps in the game of the real world where there are sharks already waiting to go hunting on a new playground, just like they have done over and over and over again always... bitcoin was the escape hatch....
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:12:09
how do they know which transactions to include and which ones not to? I Can switch wallets at random... i can create new ones. They cant  track who is who...
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:31:14
So this is my concept - in more detail... please tell me about this whats the issue:
So here is the magic. No one cares about all the correct answers - just how many attempts are needed to randomly find just one....
If you want to find a result with 1 0 in the front, then all you have to do is at most, try 36 inputs.
if you want to find a result with 00 in the front, then all you have to do is at most, try 1296 inputs...
for 000 --- 46,656 inputs.
It doesnt matter what they are - out of 46,656 unique inputs, you will find one that starts with 000.
So for any given difficulty you take the amount of unique numbers needed to solve by brute force - and you divide THAT set among all the nodes... NOW their force is combined to find the 1 result that is definitely in that small set.
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:47:33
I don't have to participate in Visa because I can start my own processing company but I can't because I don't have a billion dollars and neither do you to start a hub node to compete with someone who does and will undercut your fees. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:03:20
Noo... the difficulty adjust to ensure blocks are generated at a consistent pace. If difficulty was reduced artificially, the amount of coins would grow to fast in relation to demand and it would destroy the system by making unable to grow based on adoption. 
Competition of mining doesnt make it secure - the distributed validation of blocks does which is not the same. Running nodes would ensure security as the critical number of nodes validation blocks is what determines which chain is valid.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:27:11
supoosedly... a lot of assumptions are stacked to get to this point
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:14:52
Bill Gates once said that no one will ever need more than 640K of memory and if they do they are bad at programming so......
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:49:31
So see - there in lies the "rub" - in such a scenario 3 things need to be considered.
First, such an organization would need to dominate 51% of computing power of the network, not only miners but also NODES without which, their blocks would be invalidated and never added tot the blockchain.  The more the system grows, the more improbable and extremely costly this would become. 
Second, the moment this happens, everyone would loose trust in the system, pull whatever money out they could and stop using it. No users means no transactions and no fees generated. All incentive or mining goes down the drain.  The miners that would do this would be shooting themselves in the foot. Their only possible goal would be to completely shut down the system. 
Now consider also, that the more the system grows and is distributed across the globe with growing numbers of miners, the more expensive it would be for any single group to achieve this - the costs would be astronomically large - only to essentially waste it and commit mass financial suicide for themselves and everyone in the system. At some point soon, if not already out of the reach of most, the cost to do this would make anything like that pointless. It would be the financial equivalent of nuking your own country. 
In any more moderate scenario, if the miners effectively cause users to loose trust in the system, that system will begin to shrink and some other more honest chain will be there to pick up the pieces and outpace it.  
The system is so brilliantly designed, that it almost ensures miners honesty because anything but would essentially be self sabotage and counter productive for them in every scenario except total annihilation.   
The community at large can more easily protect itself by encouraging as many people as possible to counter such a threat by running nodes, which do not require crazy mining hardware - and are within the means of most individual to do - and even with higher demand for bandwidth memory - any businesses with vested interest in bitcoin (which at one point will be many) will have a financial incentive to ensure its continuous operation.
The system as designed does not need protection. It is self-preserving and resilient like an ant colony. 
The only thing switching up the rules and incentives and adding layers of nonsense will do is speed up the survival of a more efficient fit honest system while this one dies from being overburdened not by transactions alone, but having to facilitate all the tacked add-ons like LN, sidechains, smart contract plugins (why cant you just use ethereum for that) and god knows what else nonse segwit will allow to be added on. And all without focusing on the primary goal of making blockchain more efficient it will be crushed under its own weight of crap - maintenance and probably soon looming battles between various teams of LN and its knockoffs arguing that one is disrupting the other's business and introducing their own additional changes to support some new magic feature ....  there is no end to the madness.  That WILL kill the core chain. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 01:22:17
Yes - thats exactly it.   Right now the race is too close to call but eventually one will be "the one" and it will be like gravity - the more it gets adopted the more it will pull everyone to it.... 
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:14:14
Wow - a balanced reasoned argument instead of just getting called a paid shill. Its appreciated. You are right about the bias part as we all have a tendency to Push our ideas and are less likely to accept counter arguments. It's why Trump is president. 
 
 Sure, Lightening Network CAN be seen as bitcoin scalability issue if it was the ONLY extension on bitcoin. However, it seems that segwit has opened a pandoras box of a systems of "Apps" - Sidechains. networks, smart contract platforms etc...  all will now be competing for the same platform along with anyone else just trying to use bitcoin for transactions.  
So this doesnt change anything. The core blockchain still HAS to scale - or none of these services, including LN, will be of any use. Its great if i can do instant transactions in LN - but untill I settle on the blockchain - I actually DONT HAVE my money - just the promise of it. And these days people are reporting 12+ hours to get a transaction through so how on earth can this be of any use. 
Sure Lightning Network may have all the awesome features you are hoping for, and it may have some of the centralization risks that I am concerned about and time will tell whether its promising or com-promising. 
However, right now it seems to be putting the cart before the horse. Creating Netflix HD streaming when there is only dial-up. 
Putting a loud muffler on a shitty honda civic from 1999. It's like the internet speculation bubble in 2000 - "it must be good and it will be worthwhile in the future - who cares if there are problems with the underlying thing its dependent on  - "someone" will fix those - untill then buy stocks!" 
Unless your foundation is solid - everything you build on it will fail. Thats the way I feel. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 09:27:19
Its easy to tell which is the winner - mathematically the longest chain is the strongest and hardest to beat. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:00:22
I am confused as to what you are suggesting. 
As far as I can tell, BCH is BTC with larger block sizes - how does that make it centralized?
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:45:23
I think you have it backwards. The only VALID chain is the LONGEST one.
It is impossible for you to have a chain which has the same root and is also longer that did not have the most CPU power devoted to it. Length is what gives validity, cpu is what gives length - maybe its incorrect to say miners - but unless people start running nodes knowing they wont get coins - the miners still have the most CPUs in the network - so they will win... .read below
From the paper:
"Nodes always consider the longest chain to be the correct one and will keep working on extending it. If two nodes broadcast different versions of the next block simultaneously, some nodes may receive one or the other first. In that case, they work on the first one they received, but save the other branch in case it becomes longer. The tie will be broken when the next proof- of-work is found and one branch becomes longer; the nodes that were working on the other branch will then switch to the longer one."
" Proof-of-work is essentially one-CPU-one-vote. The majority decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested in it. If a majority of CPU power is controlled by honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the fastest and outpace any competing chains."
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:27:20
AOL had amazing value and growth early on - it was the leader. 
Yahoo had amazing value and growth early on - it was the leader. 
Apple was innovative and a leader and even though they maintained complete control over their ecosystem, unlike Microsoft, any investment in Apple then made you rich. But investment in Microsoft made you richer....
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:48:54
IF larger block sizes are bad because they give miners too much power,   hub nodes expose themselves as single point of failure targets for miners to attack - disrupt transactions to-from one wallet and you just disrupted transactions of anyone using them as an intermediary. 
Nodes are not the same single points of failure in blockchain system. 
Hubs will stand out statistically based their volume of transactions. Easy to identify and blacklist. 
Seems like a bigger problem created than with bigger block sizes. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:17:59
I am not sure what you mean. I was referring to multiple competing blockchains.   If one is more efficient (faster, cheaper) - it will attract more users and increase in value, which will make mining more profitable.   This trend feeds on itself and increases users, value and incentive in a cycle up.   An inefficient system would have the same effect in reverse. Miners have an incentive to participate with the system that provides most sustainable growth because in that system, the growth in value will be grater than the benefit they can gain from exerting control  - which may itself cause the downward trend and erase any of the value they were able to extort from the system by leveraging their control.
I am not sure how you tied traditional fiat currency to that but perhaps I am missing something
 
@_date: 2017-08-19 05:07:55
Now that is some high level trolling.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:17:53
Those are very real problems and may need serious solutions. 
I do not think though moving away from the chain in anticipation of a future problem should be the way to go. 5 years is a long time and technology is increasing. Remember, bandwidth caps are moreso just a thing in the US while the rest of the world is getting ready for 5G speeds on wireless which is supposed to give 1-10Gbps bandwidth speeds.  
Also, just out of curiosity, are pruning strategies like the one mentioned in satoshi's paper already implemented?
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:23:38
You ever get airborne on a jump?  If you did not hit it correctly, or at the right speed, you know before you crash that you are going to crash.  It's not hard to see, even acknowledged by supporters of LN as a "feature" that LN naturally leads to having transactions between two people being processed by one or more high-volume intermediary nodes.   At the very least, these are going to be dominated by rich entities who can afford to pay the high blockchain settlement fees and will charge users fees to route through them. (Back to centralized banking in a way).  At worst, they will become single point of failure targets for miners to blacklist to interfere with transactions of all users depending on them to route transactions.  Because it fundamentally changes the economic rules of behavior of how transactions are processed in a variety of ways, it opens up a whole new set of problems that may turn out to be worse than the original issues claimed to be caused by larger blocks. 
I am not saying I am right - I am saying to think carefully and realize the stakes are high.  If BTC craps the bed with this LN stuff, cryptocurrencies as a whole are going away - no investor will ever trust it again. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:39:47
Pretty easily - unless fees become so high most people wont be able to afford it - and then not so easy anymore. Back to centralized banking we go.. ...  good job 
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:09:21
The fact that you have to say "gateway to crypto" rather than bitcoin IS Crypto shows how far screwed up things are... "IF? LN works?" 
You mean bitcoin is being sabotaged for LN and LN is still an IF? .....
LN creates more problems than it solves. It is fundamentally the opposite of what bitcoin was intended for.  
Unless core wakes up from their LN pipe dream - bitcoin is doomed and if BCash can't carry it forward then you might as well say g'night because no fucking investor will ever trust this concept again
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:09:09
Do you know what?  There was a day in my life when I spent $418 dollars at a computer show to purchase 4 MEGABytes of ram. - and at that time the fastest internet connection available was 9600kbps .....  I am sure if bitcoin came out then, 1MB blocks would have sounded like  it might as well be infinity... that was not that long ago........
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:51:45
But in this example its unnecessary. I have to pay fees only to move my own funds from myself to myself. 
If I just had bitcoin , i pay fee based on what i transact to bob or alice because just funding a channel from myself to myself wouldn't cost a fee.  
Its an extra layer of bullshit which is far from "user friendly". 
You can mock me all you want but guess what.. 
Most fucking people spend sunday morning clipping cupons out of newspapers to save 30 cents on cereal.   
Fees are one thing, but if you make a system that charges fees just to reorganize my own money without sending it to anyone, you better believe it no one will fuckin use it. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:04:45
How exactly do miners censor transactions? Or have control when its nodes that validate their blocks?
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:25:33
My actual concern is the way its going neither will be useful. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:22:48
and I am sure that there are still people on myspace
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:37:40
No idiot we don't want middlemen on who we are dependent to process our transactions. Bitcoin was supposed to eliminate the middleman. Not making more efficient. I want a system like cash where I give you something and it doesn't have to be facilitated by someone in the middle collecting a f****** fee
@_date: 2017-08-23 01:02:01
You are technically correct - the best kind of correct. 
Here is what i mean in a practical sense, which you might be overlooking based on your answers. 
IOU's in a sense you don't actually have bitcoins someone sent you on LN until some future time when you settle the transaction on the blockchain. Until then you have the promise of bitcoins - so an IOU even if its protected by the timelock its still a promise of coin and not the coin till you settle. 
Yes, you can redeem "any time you want"  but - settling on the blockchain will cost you, so the incentive will be to roll as many transactions through a channel as possible to avoid that fee. Maybe with proper support from hub nodes, you can do so indefinitely. 
And, yes, LN nodes themselves don't hold power over you because they are bound by the smart contract but.....   I heard a lot of animosity toward miners who supposedly will get way to much control from bigger blocks, they will have the power to pick individual wallets and refuse to process their transactions (not that they would but that is the argument). 
So now we have LN Hub nodes, who we can easily identify with statistics. They will be the wallet adresses who have a vastly larger amount of posted transactions than average users - like 2+ standard deviations more - especially since they have to keep their wallet static to keep all their customers channels open.  So now these "evil miners" can in the same way target these hub nodes and refuse to mine any blocks with their wallet adresses in the transactions. Now your transaction when settling to get your funds from them will never process, and neither will everyone else who used the targetted hub....  sounds awesome right?  Or maybe it has not been thought through or maybe the whole idea of evil miners trying to take control over the network was just a strawman argument. 
And of course no one is in charge and Core's development efforts are by no means authoritative to bitcoin in any way - but most people don't understand that and certainly are not willing to consider all sorts of implications when investing their money to put up with a community who cant ever agree on simple things and instead of making the system more reliable - splinters in a massive flame war based on emotional or fan-boy arguments. All they will see is turmoil and still the lack of a robust and scalable system. They will turn toward other investments and user adoption will drop since what merchant wants to keep up with forks and cores and new channel networks all the time. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:20:26
Can you set the difficulty to 1 if you fork from the main chain and maintain everything that came before?
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:23:18
Can anyone tell me why just having more mining power won't fix transaction capacity. Is there even a need for Off the Chain Solutions or any other garbage and it's actually just because there's no one participating in this goddamn thing
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:17:36
What's centralized exactly? 
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:49:42
Yes - so how can anyone be certain segwit isnt a hole in the boat -  isnt it basically a backdoor to have a whole bunch of transactions that wont be validated as part of the core blockchain? That seems risky even if you tell me lightening is secure - other things might be created that aren't so great. Its like a pandoras box
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:04:05
Everything so far that I see is making LN a platform where everyone will be doing the transactions through centralized nodes because no one is gonna wanna open up arbitrary thousands of channels and a business is not gonna wanna keep a channel open indefinitely becuause value is still flucutating
And da fuq you gonna do when all miners dump bitcoin because there is less and less transactions - why would they stick around...   
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:15:49
BCH seems to be doing better at the moment.
@_date: 2017-08-18 09:20:12
Its not the same because since everyone that had one coin now has 3 it effectively dissolves their value proportionally.  But mathematically , 2 of them are destined to die in the long term. See this post:
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:26:36
Sure.  Supposedly, LN solves the problems of transaction processing without giving power to miners as a block increase would.
However, that is not the case, since miners can still target HUB nodes of LN. 
Without high volume hub nodes, LN has its own share of usability issues (mainly no one wants to manage ongoing multiple channels and track contracts over time with everyone they ever do business with - but the only alternative is hub nodes to process all transactions as intermediaries - but they become huge targets for miners to blacklist since they will stick out as having abnormally large amount of transactions)
So now we have the same control of the miners as before if not worse, a shitty transaction solution which by nature encourages the creation of monolithic 3rd party middlemen like we now have in Visa and PayPal - and virtually no alternative to settle outside of LN because core blockchain fees are so high because of the god-damn tiny block size.... 
So how is any of this better?
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:15:07
... for a reason... 
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:24:38
What I am trying to say, there is not such thing as a fork - there are going to be just dead branches. Bitcon Cash or whatever, unless it gets most power behind it and has the longer chain will fall behind - now think when we get to a point and it really matters and coins are really valuable and running a node is as important as voting (because look at the stakes in even this situation) - why the hell would then anyone wast their cpu on the other thing - all those forked shorter chains will become increasingly insignificant.  So whatever the opinions are - whether its miners or nodes - the one that has the more power to create and validate blocks and ends up with the longer chain is the one that is really Bitcoin. The other one may stick around for whatever - but will eventually die too. How you use your cpu will become increasingly more deterministic and not participating in the core system is like throwing your vote away
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:35:45
But they will have to settle the transactions on the blockchain at some point. Hubs will have a lot more transactions to settle. They will stand out.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:42:36
How does it balance out the power of the miners exactly? 
Now all the transactions will be consolidated in HUB nodes which they can target and with a single walllet address disrupt the transactions of everyone who is using them as an intermediary....    Sounds like that is worse. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:40:28
GOD DAMN IT - letting people set fees is fucking fundamentally the OPPOSITE of what bitcoin is supposed to be
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:11:49
I think that the point of a hash - the same input will always have the same output but you can't reverse it.  That way you can verify correct information by comparing two hash values (its how websites verify your password and they never have to store the password itself - just it's hash)
So to make it most efficient - distribute all possible inputs evenly across all participating nodes ... 
that way the problem processing time is divided by the number of participants.   
@_date: 2017-08-23 12:13:43
The concern over centralization of nodes seems to be a little far fetched. Network capacity and hardware resources are always increasing in speed and volume and decreasing in cost so it seems likely that it will be within reach of the community at large. Also, larger entities will be increasingly commited to supporting a fair system and will have incentive to run their own nodes for validation without mining to keep the system honest - exchanges, large volume merchants etc.  Also, resources of smaller capacity can be pooled for this purpose. The number of honest nodes should always be able to keep up to maintain consensus. Additionally, further improvements in optimization of the blockchain can lessen the burden.  LN on the other hand ties everyone to a system OTHER than bitcoin (still based on BTC but with its own ecosystem rules and implications) which also has its own centralization problems. 
As the system scales, even with LN , to what everyone hopes will be mass adoption, the original problem you mentioned will still be an issue. Plus LN and any other future network and sidechains will put extra burden on the core BTC network, making the use of just BTC for anyone who wants even more prohibitive. 
The risks of LN are great in my opinion. While in theory, anyone can open channels with anyone else, this is not practical. Most users, and especially merchants, will not want the burden of managing multiple channels, with multiple contracts that have to be settled with the blockchain - all of which will incur higher fees. The tendency will be to gravitate to highly connected hub nodes, which will allow users to transact with anyone through a single channel. The reason for this will be to reduce the fees for having to settle transactions on the blockchain and because it will make all your funds available all the time for all transactions without having to settle.  If you have all your bitcoins on one channel and you want to spend them to fund another transaction on another channel, you will have to either wait or settle your first channel with the blockchain first, so you will have to pay a fee just to be able to do a different transaction. This will make a natural tendency for participants to subscribe to a smaller number of central nodes to avoid costs ,and for some merchants may become a necessity to avoid loosing significant profit on fees. 
Once these central hub nodes have the critical mass of connected users, users will now become increasingly dependent on them since they connect them to everyone else, and switching will mean to cut themselves off from a majority of possible people to easily conduct transactions with. Once this happens, these central hubs will be able to increase fees more and users will be willing to pay rather than getting shut out.  The only operators of hubs that will have the capacity of the high amount of volume of transactions, will be those who have the large amount of money required to continuously settle all the throughput transactions on the blockchain, giving rich entities grater power in the network than poor ones.  
On top of that, since changing channels is costly, most people will keep a single wallet continuously to maintain their channel with the hubs, so hubs now will be able to collect transaction data and determine patterns of usage etc. Now the users anonymity and privacy of transaction history are compromised, at least to a degree to which they sustain such relationships - which again - will be a financial incentive to most people who don't want to pay fees.
Many people who support bitcoin and its core ideology feel  this type of system compromises too much of the promise of bitcoin's ability to remove the dependence on 3rd parties to process financial transactions and provide direct peer 2 peer transactions without adding a extra financial penalty for doing so. 
Time will tell, but the fact is that LN's nature as a network suggests this pattern of behavior is likely since most markets are driven by financial incentive and in LN there is a clear financial incentive for centralized behavior of participants, even if there it is not technically enforced. 
The idea that the average user will be juggling and managing multiple channels and tracking their contract times and settlements is unrealistic. It's a cool concept and might be intruding to tech savvy users but most people want to interact as little as possible with their payment system and want to track as little additional metadata or accounting data as possible.  
Finally, i keep hearing scare tactics that once miners "have control" (whatever that means) the will be able to selectively deny transactions for individual wallets by refusing to mine blocks containing their transactions.  However, with the usage example I gave above, the problem is much worse with LN, since targeting HUB nodes in this way will disrupt all the transactions of anyone with channels open to that hub , since no one will be able to settle their transaction with the blockchain for their channel to the hub.  And simply examining transaction volume of wallets on the blockchain will easily identify large hub nodes, since they will have a vastly statistically grater volume of transactions on the blockchain than most users. This is because to maintain all the channels open with many users, they will have to maintain the same wallet address continuously to be useful.  Because of this, and the fact that users will also now be incentivized to maintain the same wallet continuously to maintain channels over time - transaction anonymity is further compromised on the blockchain itself in addition to that of the HUB node in LN as it will be easier to tie groups of transactions to particular users over time.  Now someone with access to both HUB Transaction history AND blockchain history will be able to analyze them together, see what percentage of transactions any given user does on one hub vs others etc.  
Plain blockchain does not impose such behavior since switching wallets and processing transactions with users directly is not penalized in the way it is with LN.  
Based on these factors, in many people's opinion, it is much more important to make scaleability enhancements which maintain the ability for users to be able to perform transactions directly on the blockchain in a reasonable time and for a reasonable fee rather than de-incentivise people from direct BTC transactions and herd them to a network like LN by making core BTC costs unsustainable for normal commerce. 
While this is a theoretical supposition, I would welcome any balanced counter argument which shows that this scenario is unlikely given the incentive structure of LN and human nature to take the path of least resistance, both technically and financially. 
However, these types of scenarios have to be considered since they will only be proven at large scale usage, but in the case of pure BTC, we already know that such concerns are not present because it does not put these burdens on users, providing the cost of using the network is low enough.
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:45:03
Think about the future - if blockchain stays the way it is and this whole system grows 10x, 100x 10000x of users, the fees to settle a transaction will be astronomical.
Then I need lots of money to begin with becuase the fees to settle any transaction on the blockchain are so friggin high I can't afford it if im poor. 
So only people who are already rich can start a hub.....  so like me now, trying to start a bank with no money ... If everyone uses my bank i will get rich but the first person who wants to get their money out and Im fucked.....
It's confusing people don't see this that its going to create a barrier of entry 
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:15:20
Ahh yes,..... what could possibly go wrong except a bunch of grandmas getting together to run a finely tuned financial operation.... 
Just like they can open up a bank together today, or anything else... 
You live in fucking fantasy land where you think this system wont immediately be dominated by massive players - even small to mid sized nodes will immediately be killed off for two reasons:
1. Without the volume of the big guys, your fees will always be bigger.
2. If they connect me to everyone else, and you can only do to some of the people , why would i pay your shitty higher fees to get connected to less people. 
BIG MONEY WINS AGAIN... congrats - you just made bitcoin into a Visa transaction network. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:52:47
So I got this from the abstract of Satoshis paper..
"The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of
events witnessed, but proof that it came from the largest pool of CPU power."  - so in theory, the chain that the most miners operate on at any given time is the real bitcoin ?
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:48:25
My grandmother doesn't have the money to settle all the transactions her node will process for others because she doesn't have money to start with. Yea she can earn fees but thats the same chicken and the egg problem thats preventing my grandmother from starting a bank today.
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:51:54
But that is precisely what they are competing to do - all of them want to find the 1 magic input.
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:06:41
10,000 node network is childs-play.  An average sized office building has larger networks.  We are talking about a currency to dominate the entire world, and some joker network admin can install enough nodes on some medium corporate network to overrun concensus?
Has anyone considered whether doubling the amount of nodes might increase transaction processing time? 
Increased functionality is not needed and honestly, not that appealing in the form of lightening network. It fundamentally introduces new rules in the game, altering the balance of power and centralizing control to the wealthy.
We all already agree on the distributed, decentralized nature of the rules bitcoin provides - lets focus on making those work instead of already changing the rules.
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:47:11
Except as is, the lack of maintenance on the core network instead of shitty LN makes it cost prohibitive to use the 1st layer for any normal transaction
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:37:37
Yea... I think that Lightening Network is actually a trojan horse of an idea to allow banking types to exert influence and control - not over the system - but over the people using it
@_date: 2017-08-19 07:57:03
So like poeple trying to change bitcoin so they can push pet projects like lightening and rootstock? 
How many friggin apps am I going to need. I just want to send goddamn bitcoins not pay other people some fuckn network fees or do smart contracts or whatver. 
Its to much crap that will have more problems and barely anyone is using just core bitcoin in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:58:48
Dude - if i have to perform transactions with some lame LN instead of directly with bitcoin - to me THAT is the alt coin
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:33:44
Ok thanks. I too feel concern but it is my understanding that the risk from single domination would be from the validating nodes.
In any case even if it were possible,  since the largest pool would always effectively beat out any smaller ones, making them obsolete at a certain level of scale, in order for centralization, everyone would have to be "in on it"
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:07:32
I am not saying they are not smart. I am sure they are brilliant. 
Their goals may be different from what many people think bitcoin should be I guess.
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:46:53
I realize nodes don't mine. Nodes validate. 
Without nodes,  miners effectively produce garbage. 
If you controlled 51% of validating nodes you can validate your own fork instead of the true one, rejecting blocks from regular miners. 
How though can miners attack the network if they are pooled? Not to mention, the pool will always naturally consist of the greatest population of miners vested in the network , making any subversive miners unable to compete with their inferior un-pooled mining power.  The only way if at all, if the largest mining pool was to attack bitcoin it would be because the majority of its own miners turned on it and decided to destroy their own value as well. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:42:33
Maybe - but if thats the case, can you please point out to me why this is not correct? 
Fundamentally the idea is to join all miner and pools into one large mining pool. 
Where am i wrong on this?
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:04:35
How exactly would you "remine it" - somehow surpass the combined computing power that went into getting it this far without having control over a superior collection of CPU power?  Re-mining woudld mean re-calculating all that proof-of work. 
From the paper:
" To modify a past block, an attacker would have to
redo the proof-of-work of the block and all blocks after it and then catch up with and surpass the
work of the honest nodes.  We will show later that the probability of a slower attacker catching up
diminishes exponentially as subsequent blocks are added."
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:36:26
Ok -- so someone tell me who knows - what happens if I open a channel, pay someone but before we settle, I dump all the coins in the wallet into another BTC wallet using NON LN software - just regular wallet. 
Now I paid that person something, they gave me coffe or whatever and now I have all my BTC in another wallet right? Because the blockchain and core BTC network don't know about my LN nonsense....
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:07:22
Not free as in "free beer" - free as in "Free speech"
The concept of bitcoin promised a direct transaction between you and me. No one in the middle competing to process our transaction based on a competitive fee schedule.  
Just what I charge and what you pay....  simple. 
Now since BTC is becoming cost prohibitive to use directly, we will be dependent on that 3rd party and their fees ... again.
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:47:31
I will explain slower. 
HUB nodes will be intermediaries for many people to do transactions through. 
Because of this, they will have many many many more transactions to settle than the average users - like statistically significant number more. 
Also, to ensure all those contracts are enforces, they will be pegged to a single bitcoin wallet......   
So now anyone with access to the blockchain transaction stats (everyone) and a copy of EXCEL will be able to easily identify who the biggest HUB nodes are because their volume will stick out alot.  
Now you tell me miners can refuse to mine transactions paying to any list of addresses,  and with everyone using LN, as a miner I will actually be able to target a MUCH SMALLER number of addresses, whose volume stands out statistically - and be able to disrupt a much grater amount of transactions than before..... 
so..... how does LN solve the problem of miners having too much power.. because if anything it makes it worse. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:27:49
That sort of radical shift seems to have come from people who are using this as a reason to subscribe to their ideology (and conveniently coinciding product release of the Lightning Network) which seems to actually make that problem worse.
@_date: 2017-08-25 03:05:25
Do you realize how fu insane that sounds? You are saying corporations are collaborating with the Chinese government, all pumping millions and millions in investment in hardware, patents etc...  just to make the thing they want to make money from be destroyed - so it ends up being a massive waste of money for everyone?
That is the equivalent of a military strategy to Nuke yourself.   You are drowning in kool-aid
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:01:28
You hit a wall of memorized talking points an have no actual original contribution to make now. Yawn.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:21:38
But pools and future growth of the mining community will help counter that. If anything, anyone who cared about this should just join a mining pool not fundamentally alter bitcoin. 
LN creates centralized HUBs which also happen to be central points of failure for miners to blacklist which would screw over large amounts of user transactions with one shot.
LN makes the problem worse...
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:07:55
The more i read and understand the more it seems like thats whats created. What's stopping the government now from saying "Sure - use bitcoin - but only on the lightning netowork going through FED-node and btw...  we charge 3%" -- -Then we are right back where we fuckin started but worse
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:01:58
bitcoin is secure and trustless. It's  pretty awesome. 
So let me ask you this. What if I send you a bunch of these "off-chain" transactions but before you actually settle them on the block chain - I use regular bitcoin and transfer the bitcoins from my address (that i sent you off-chain but havent settled yet) to some other random address? What happens when you try to go settle?
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:51:58
All in short term yes, but the user adoption is unbelievably small. Even if LN reduces the burden on blocks now, if any sort of growth is gained where people actually start to use it for transactions, then even the load from LN will hit a limit - and fast. 
Groups of users can run LN hubs but ultimately big money will beat out the competition by being able to cover a higher volume of transactions and average Joe Smith user will use a node that can connect his transaction to everyone elses because he isn't gonna wanna mess with multiple channels or whatever. He's just gonna wanna pay for his damn coffe easily. The easiest way will be to go through some big node. He won't even realize that hes back to same system like paypal or visa - now easier to track and also itself becomes a single point of failure.
Not to mention this simple fact. The longer you wait to settle your channels with the network, the longer your money is tied up and can't be used for other things unless its on the same channel, so especially businesses, who collect money, will naturally want to go through a central node, otherwise they will not be able to use their funds on another channel without settling first.
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:34:27
I can see the high fees of settling on the blockchain forcing people to depend more on intermediaries for processing transactions. That puts more control in hands of powerful intermediaries. 
Consider this example. Alice is a single mom. She wants to use LN to buy groceries, gas, coffe, dipers etc. Lets say 100 transactions a week. She can open channels with all the stores she does business with, but that would mean at some point, she has to settle 100 transactions on the blockchain. The fee that she has to pay 100 times is too high for her to afford, but she can use BOB's Node as an intermediary, perform all of her transactions through BOB's network and only settle once a week or whatever. Dave is in the same boat as alice and can't afford to make ends meet so he also uses BOB's service to be able to afford doing business. Lot's of people use BOB's service because they are poor and BOB is rich, not to mention, BOB now charges them all some small fee (smaller than the bitcoin tx fee) and he becomes richer because he does high volume.
Now, BOB decides to lower his fees a little to encourage more people to do business, but in order to use BOB's service, he requires you use the SAME wallet all the time, and register that with your email, and identity on BOB's Service website.
Now bob tracks everyones transactions and exploits them for data mining and turns them over to law enforcement whenever they ask and most people still need to use BOB's service because they can't afford to use just bitcoin.
Now the government thinks this is good and requires everyone to use BOB's service in their country. For national security, BOB's service won't let anyone make transactions with certain countries...
etc... etc... etc.....
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:44:39
So why is everyone scaring everyone about big block sizes giving too much control to miners?
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:06:08
Lets say you and your friends had a timed challenge.  The goal was to present to me the Ace of Harts. 
There are 10 of you.  There are two ways you can do it. 
Both have 10 people working but one is 10 times faster than the other. 
The first way, each of you gets a pack of cards and each of you looks at each card in your deck, until one of you finds the ace of harts an brings it to me.
the other way is to take ONE deck of cards and divide them between all your friends so each of you have 5 cards (two people will have 6 iknow)  ... now each of you looks thorough each of those piles and the first person who finds the ace will bring it to me. 
Yes you can get lucky in each scenario and someone has the ace on top and its the same. But on average, if you did this a thousand or a million times,  the first scenario it would take each of the 10 of you the time to look through 26 cards before you were done and you will have flipped 260 cards together to find one ace. 
In the second scenario, the time would be 2.6 cards worth and you would have flipped 26 between the two of you....
So which way do you think would be faster. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:30:02
" Bitcoin forever as it is now, except with tons of transactions"
Yes this.
This concept alone is one of the most revolutionary concepts in the history of mankind ----    and before it even gets adopted you already want to mess with it?  
Its like if someone made the first WWW page and then someone immediately wanted to put active x and flash and a java servlet on the damn thing.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:55:06
i missed the part where one group was given some governing power over bitcoin and can claim their sife to be the "correct" side and others who decide to also make changes to the thing no one is in control of are branded as attackers. I'm sorry to tell you but this is how the system was designed and Bitcoin core is no way in a position to fight for any legal action because they do not represent Bitcoin or its Direction and have no right to justify anyone else's changes but their own has attacker
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:08:10
ok.. so 200,001 dells beats 1 asic. 
Now put the 200,001 dells together with the asic and you doubled the total speed.
@_date: 2017-08-19 00:08:35
Actually - i thin if you project out - there is not room for all of them....   this is still the super super early stages where participation is only from a very very small amount of people. Once it grows, the gaps of computing power and incentives to participate will widen between the one "real" chain and the others..  they will begin to die off or stagnate due to lack of participation.  
Think of facebook and myspace...  they were both around for a while, but at some point everyone said.. . fuckit - i only need one of these to do the job, the other is redundant. 
There will be a point where the processing power required for an altcoin to catch up meaningfully to generate sufficient blocks to sustain a constant flow of processed transactions will be an ever increasing obstacle untill it just withers, because everyone will have much grater incentive to participate in the big one - whatever that turns out to be.
The "real" bitcoin will ultimately be the one that the majority of users participate in - miners, nodes, transactions....  whatever the name is - the longest blockchain is it
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:12:00
So how does LN solve the problem - now due to transaction volumes they can easily identify the hub nodes because they have to keep static addresses to keep their channels open. 
If anything LN exacerbates this issue because you are now more likely to maintain the same address because of dependency on channels and its worse for you to keep jumping around in addresses - which was no problem before. 
LN creates more problems and solves none
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:08:36
Unfortunately for anyone who disagrees this is how the system is designed. Whenever there are two competing chains, the one that is supported by the majority of nodes is considered the correct one. If the majority of nodes support 2X than anyone trying to keep your coins on core is stealing your coins. Instead of bitching about it support your cause by running a node. That is how you vote in consensus as described in the paper Satoshi wrote. One CPU one vote. Just because a bunch of people got together on a bulletin board doesn't make them the Masters and doesn't give them some sort of control over Bitcoin and definitely doesn't give them any legal basis for lawsuits. Simply Having devoted lots of time to development doesn't give you an advantage over anyone else in the world in control of the system. Only running and node does. And no minors don't have extra influence. Mining rigs typically use clustering to run a single node. So you running a Dell laptop have as much say as someone running a supercomputer.
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:47:34
It can afford to loose some? So it means I can process a BTC transaction without a problem now?
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:25:35
Use cases like pay pal.  The whole goal was to get away from middlemen  fuck this,  bitcoin as a concept is gone....
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:06:03
"to someone who trusts them" --- uh....  bitcoin was supposed to not require that......
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:22:04
But that is the reason people are giving for why LN is needed, to take away power from miners. 
So since it doesn't do that,  why not just improve the bitcoinblockchain since it seems there is no way to get away from miners influence and lets just do business in blockchain  - since LN is dogshit that introduces more problems than it solves...
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:34:47
Unless its a problem with the fundamental concept
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:25:42
The last I checked, running a full node doesnt give you an advantage over others and you can't charge them fees. Also, the main point is that settling on block chain is going to beyond the cash means of most poeple
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:49:40
But they can make everyone dependent on them to process transactions. IF you want to do business, now you will be paying whatever Central node you want - because guess what, even though "anyone" can be a hub node, unless you already got money to start with you wont be able to hub for shit because you wont be able to afford to settle the transactions on the block chain
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:19:21
Sure. The assumption that regular users will be able to start hub nodes for transactions to help control centralization of user channels around big money hubs like a PayPal or Visa of FED Hub.  - its questionable because of economics of scale.  To operate a hub you will need large amount of capital to be effective. The more users you service as their "central hub" the more blockchain transactions they will need to settle.  This will give power to those who can sustain a larger amount of channels with more users - which are the rich. 
The assumption is that bobj and his friends will be able to start their own node to compete. This is a false assumption for a number of reasons:
1. They will not be likely to have the amount of capital available as billion-dollar fortune 500 companies - probably ever.
2. The larger a hub is, the more users it attracts because it gives its users more ability to settle more of their transactions through a single channel - which is what is easiest and cheapest for average users. The incentive drives this because the more channels any user maintains, the more costly settlement is with blockchain. It's multiplied by the number of channels. Even if that fee is relatively small - a few dolalrs a month is enough to convince average Joe or even more average Patel in bangladesh who has significantly lesser financial resources -to maintain the number of channels as low as possible to perform the gratest number of transactions.  
3. The more users any hub obtains this way, the more attractive it is to other users - and those users are less likely to open a channel with the node you and your friends are running because it gives them access to less of a market. Effectively if Visa runs a node, anything you can create will be a shittier version of the Discover card - and look at how that's doing.
4. The larger the node grows, the more secure it's income stream is from fees. That gives them the power to rule in two ways.  Price the competition straight out of the market by lowering fees or Raise fees, because they can - because now all their users are dependent on them for access to the biggest most robust market for transactions and leaving it would mean a lower ability to do business - especially for merchants. The same reasons all those suckers now pay ridiculous 3% transaction fee on Visa sales is because it is offset by increased business - and while you can say "thats free market" - it is the gouging of an almost costless service by a business which dominates in volume so they can do whatever they want and people will bend over for it.  
No, people won't be opening up lots of channels. Not only is it then more costly but its also friggin tedious - especially for business owners to track, account for etc....   
All LN does is provide BIG MONEY transaction agents a new platform to do the same thing they did before. 
This fundamentally is the reason many people dislike the idea of LN and prefer plain bitcoin. The goal of bitcoin is to make this type of centralization obsolete. There is no need in this world for a PayPal or a Visa.   
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:05:21
developers and any agreements dont matter. Consensus rules is all that matters. Whatever the network participants support is what is bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:24:42
Nothing matters in the end other than how many users actively use the system. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:50:19
LN is fundamentally flawed and its centralization through hub nodes exposes single points of failure. 
If miners were able to target addresses in the past to disrupt transactions between individuals, now they will be able to target only hub nodes and disrupt transactions between anyone who happens to route the transaction through them. 
It makes the problem worse not better.  Inevitible? only if you want to have your transactions in limbo for eternity - but they will get to limo LIGHTNING FAST!
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:04:04
Well it has much less support, less developers, less wallets, exchanges dont support it - so it can not generate investment or make itself accessible to users for adoption. 
Fundamentally I don't see problems as its just BTC with larger blocks but inertia is powerful. 
Imagine convincing all the people in the regular world who already are confused by all this bitcoin nonsense, that the bitcoin they were investing this whole time is now leading them down a path of some centeralized channel network and the concept they originally signed on for is BCH and they should switch to that....
People are gonna throw their hands up and just walk away from the whole thing.
@_date: 2017-08-24 02:59:15
Sure - if your optimal scenario is to have bitcoin used on the fringes of society and while it may be difficult to catch people, if doing so puts your Job, your legal rights etc at risk - most people will not take that risk. Bitcoin users would be pushed to the brink of society and only those with nothing to loose will use it. Not any responsible adult with a family, a mortgage and a job.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:12:51
They ARE a middle man. They however, can't charge you a transaction fee on bitcoin transactions. They can't see your address and they don't know who you are sending transactions to. But when you pay online, through your ISP using PAY PAL They can because you tell them.  The same is with hub nodes. They will be the new paypal's.
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:50:01
Didnt it already reach pretty high numbers... think of what will happen if its is actually every used by any significant amount of users?  Right now its just a bunch of nerds jerking off and telling their parents about how its so awesome - but if it ever gets adopted anywhere close to mainstream, the demand for transactions will grow way higher. 
If raising blocksize will make transactions faster/cheaper it seems that should be the first course of action and once that is exceeded only THEN its a good idea to move off-chain....
Not to mention - can I use lightening today ? No?  Can i use bitcoin.. oh its super slow?  .,... OK - BYE... ill use something that actually WORKS Then
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:53:03
You should use the lightning network. oh wait...
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:45:17
there is nothing now. Transactions suck now
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:09:18
I still have not heard how miners control anything - its the nodes validating who keep them in check. You seem to be repeating misinformation
@_date: 2017-08-22 16:31:48
Bitcoin value is high because its the name everyone hears on tv and thats what gets the most investment from people who don't know what it is and treat it as some sort of curious stock. 
The problem is until the thing gains traction and actually has people doing transactions for commerce, that "stock" will never pan out to anything of value. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:59:22
Actually so far it seems like a few smart people came up with it and everyone else is parroting what they said - based on the lack of explanation of some basic flaws which seem obvious in LN like centralization of transactions on HUBs and those hubs becoming single points of failure etc. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:16:44
I don't know - but the answer has to be in bitcoin - not some external 2nd layer system that changes the economic rules around completely
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:55:31
That was a convincing argument, typically reserved when someone has reached the end of the talking points they were fed and have no actual space for their own analysis and opinions, resorting to "gotcha" comments is the only option. 
You might as well have said "lets agree to disagree" 
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:03:10
they were talking about bitcoin - which seems to be gone - the choice now is between BCH and Lightening because BTC is going to be unusable on its own
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:26:38
Yea  - I already figured that out -its why i deleted my post in shame.  basic math fail.
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:03:48
Ok - how is that anything. I Answered the guys question. The best thing anyone can do to support their preference is to run a node. That is how the system works and that is how "votes" are cast.  Or are you saying now Satoshi's paper is somehow controversial?
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:38:52
Is it actually possible to do that while preserving the root chain itself?
Also - isnt the difficulty adjusted to ensure the timing of the creation of blocks? MORE CPU Power does not mean blocks are generated faster, it just means they get harder to mine so that their output is consistent:
From the paper:
"To compensate for increasing hardware speed and varying interest in running nodes over time, the proof-of-work difficulty is determined by a moving average targeting an average number of blocks per hour. If they're generated too fast, the difficulty increase"
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:44:36
why do you WANT 3rd party transaction malleability? 
So there can be a pay pal?
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:34:01
Ok - perhaps I have a fundamental misunderstanding.  Can you tell my why that would be?
If that was true, then why would any single miner today ever buy 2 asics if it wont increase their mining nodes processing time?
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:42:12
Here's another awesome use case lightning enables. Unless you're using 1Channel which it seems like we'll be PayPal or Visa, for all your transactions you're going to actually pay money to move funds from one channel to another when you need to. That's right you'll have to pay money to give money from yourself to yourself because that's what f****** Bitcoin users want
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:39:30
That i am sure replicates all of the possible issues, especially those with large scale usage
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:19:42
Yes- but how exactly. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:48:09
Yea I got you. But the point of bitcoin is that the community, without having to be wealthy - can equally vote on details of how the system works by running a node which has the same voting power as any other node. In off-chain solutions, different rules apply and in LN or channel based system, it seems like wealthy, high-volume intermediary nodes will have a disadvantage of power based on their wealth
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:20:06
only if you can afford the transaction fees to settle with bitcoin network yourself. IF the fees become high from higher volume but lack of improvement to bitcoin itself like we are seeing now, than the average person will not be able to pay high fees to avoid the intermediaries. The balance of power will shift.  LN is a whole new dynamic, different rules and no consensus.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:47:16
How about I am more concerned about mass adoption of cryptocurrency than I am about profiting from it. 
Also - How do i short bitcoin exactly? 
@_date: 2017-08-19 01:57:46
By dominance i mean mass or inertia...  the race is too close to call but the growth will only succeed by the system that can equally attract users to perform transactions and miners to process them. If either is out of balance, a competing chain will beat it... at some point the one that continuously beats them all will have attracted so many users and processing power that the others will dwindle and die since both users and miners are needed to sustain growth.   The decision will be made by optimization for longest term natural growth sustainability, not by popular opinion. IF everyone chooses to get on the wrong boat, even though they all agree its the right one, if the boat has a hole it will sink.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:17:03
Is lightning a week away? I thought it was still in testing and many possible fundamental issues are being raised about the concept as a whole .
@_date: 2017-08-23 04:50:24
I hate to tell this to you, but if governments want to outlaw bitcoin and put people in jail for using it, then even if its technically feasable to hide, no average person is going to use it anyway. Sorry. You won't need larger block sizes because no one is going to risk it.  They don't have to win technically, they just have to make the average person with a job and kids to feed to scared to use it. 
They will use the usual reasons, too easy to launder  money, national security, pedofiles etc. 
After a while, if you even mention bitcoin everyone will think you are a criminal or drug dealer.  
so yea...  "politically" - bitcoin can't even win that war.
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:53:27
I'd rather use bitcoins, where all my transactions are validated on the block chain- not some sideshow that who knows is what - even if its not lightning it could be something else as well right? No thanks - ill just wait the 10 min.
In 99.9% of scenarios its not necessary for things to be instant - once people trust the system it will not be an issue for most people. 
Plus, once the network grows beyond the size of an average office building computer system, it may be less of an issue as long as value increases to give miners incentive to keep supporting it.
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:30:41
So here is the magic. No one cares about all the correct answers - just how many attempts are needed to randomly find just one.... 
If you want to find a result with 1 0 in the front, then all you have to do is at most, try 36 inputs.
if you want to find a result with 00 in the front, then all you have to do is at most, try 1296 inputs...
for 000 --- 46,656 inputs.
It doesnt matter what they are - out of 46,656 unique inputs, you will find one that starts with 000.
So for any given difficulty you take the amount of unique numbers needed to solve by brute force - and you divide THAT set among all the nodes...   NOW their force is combined to find the 1 result that is definitely in that small set.   
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:29:16
The whole argument is about LN... the only reason core was pushing SegWit and small blocks is to FORCE everyone to use LN because now that is the only way to get any useful transactions out of the blockchain - they essentially crippled bitcoin to force everyone to use their 2nd layer bullshit instead of fixing bitcoin in bitcoin, and all the reasoning used about miners having too much control is nonsense because they still totally do with LN if not more. 
SegWit was a mistake and so was keeping small blocks. BCH is more of a champion of actual bitcoin than core is at this point - based on the goals Bitcoin was created to achieve.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:39:06
The definitive layer to application that subverts the fundamental philosophy that Bitcoin was created for which is to eliminate the need for middlemen to facilitate transactions between two people and what lightning Network almost certainly will ensure will be the de facto standard
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:05:52
Isnt the whole reason for forking etc because transaction times have gone to shit recently - some going over an hour or more?
@_date: 2017-08-18 03:59:22
What if there are two large group of people - miners, developers etc - who each say THEIR thing is the real bitcoin? If there any native way to tell the difference if they both share the same original chain?
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:28:11
centralizing decenralized networks? whaaaa?  Would it not just be the same if all the mining power from all the networks (and all the value and resulting incentive) was in the one network?
@_date: 2017-08-18 03:39:08
Ok so thanks for your help. Then I have more questions. Does it matter if it was mined before Aug 1 or the last transaction was How do  we know which side of the fork is "the real bitcoin" .It sems till now the fork took a different name but what if the fork developers insist THEIR version is the real bitcoin. Is it just a matter of concensus opinion or there is so way to settle that argument.   I say this because i made another transaction a few days ago and even though my funds have to be "cleared" its telling me my coin will arrive on the 23rd which is way long to verify funds transfer.  I better end up getting some crap alt-coin and they claim its now bitcoin.  But more theoretically, if each transaction occurs on both chains, wouldn't that make the fork worthless since each wallet on both sides is controlled by the same person? Everyone would just end up with a shadow account making it meaningless. It would only become a problem if it was possible that the two wallets on either side were controlled by different people. But I assume that only applies to blocks before the fork right? Or do newly mined coins on one magically appear on the other? Because if not, it seems all i would need to do is create a new wallet POST fork and just send all my coin there - and the other side would not be able to mirror it - so what happens then? What if that is done on the forked side? What happens to my "REAL" bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:18:11
It seems that off-chain ideas should be the concept of last resort as they fundamentally change the nature of the whole bitcoin concept.  There is no consensus in LN and the division between the wealthy, high volume intermediaries who can afford to settle transactions on the block chain and poor people who want to do transactions but can afford to go direct p2p will increase and the poor will be dependent on the wealthy intermediaries.  
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:04:53
If I am not mistake, that attack requires someone to control 51% of the nodes validating blocks, not mining.  I think if you had majority of nodes validating only one miner - the valid chain would be whatever that miner produced -  and it would be really slow.... 
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:52:21
Does seeding require settling transactions with blockchain, for which there is a high fee because no one bothered to make improvements to keep them low?
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:11:07
That seems like would be shooting themselves in the foot.  The system overhad would be insane for that sort of nonsense. And ultimately nodes keep miners in check so they cant go crazy anyway
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:55:26
You are contradicting yourself. Aside from a few places, I don't have recurring transactions with most places often enough to use LN by your example. 
But now I can't use bitcoin because its not cost effective for small or single transactions -- so now what?
And no, I don't use 3rd party intermediaries that dominate because of their wealth and set their own fees. 
And you tell me without LN miners have too much control, but tell me how LN solves the problem?  If they charge somehow - they can charge the shit out of LN Hub nodes based on the volume of transactions they generate and put them out of business......  unless those nodes pass that to their consumer... and again we not only have 3rd party - but a chain of people taking a cut along the way......
With crap like LN it will be trivial to identify who the hubs are . They  will have to keep a static wallet address to ensure their channels are open for everyone they service, and they will process noticeably more transactions....   easy pickins....
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:11:25
yea... like it is now with banks.... 
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:49:38
but then all value of the network is lost so whats the incentive?
from paper:
"  To modify a past block, an attacker would have to
redo the proof-of-work of the block and all blocks after it and then catch up with and surpass the
work of the honest nodes.  We will show later that the probability of a slower attacker catching up
diminishes exponentially as subsequent blocks are added."
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:29:19
I agree - that is what I am trying to point out because everyone is telling me somehow BCH is giving power away to miners but I feel like segwit and LN are creating a worse problem. 
So now BTC and LN are popular and doomed to failure becasue LN sucks and BCH is doomed to failure because it is unpopular... 
so bitcoin is dead?  Unless people wise up and meet in the middle somehow and focus on making bitcoin be the best solution (by bitcoin i mean the original concept of the blockchain as the medium for transactions) - its primed to go belly up on all sides. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:32:50
And yeah in Ln you have to have the magic foresight for putting exactly the amount of money you want into every channel and if you want to move it from one channel to another you're going to incur transaction fees for moving your own money to yourself. That is unless you route all your transactions through Visa or PayPal which is exactly what most people will do. Which is exactly the whole point of Bitcoin was to prevent us from having to go through third-party middleman to move money around. Talk about a corporate takeover f****** Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-08-19 03:05:01
Because of natural growth. CPU power fuels growth. As the value of one currency exceeds others, the gap between mining incentive for all the others will drop as will the user base - all will migrate to one. 
Think of myspace and facebook.  The one that one is the one you went to because that's where everyone else went to.  You don't need two social networks of that type once all your friends are on one. While you have some friends on one and some on the other, but eventually, one does something marginally better and as more of your friends migrate you will too - once the scale tips, its a one way street.   Think about the effort needed now to convince EVERYONE on facebook to use another social network. Even if it was much better in some way, it doesnt have your friends so you won't switch and neither will anyone else for that reason.  It would have to be something spectacular.
Bitcoin is simmilar in that ultimately there is no need for multiple currency. Everyone will use the one that is most commonly accepted and works because that will be the easiest to trade in. Why on earth would you have a currency that a fraction of businesses accepts? Why would businesses accept an alternative when majority use one? That trend will just naturally push out competition.  
There is just no need for alternatives. 
BUT - in order for that to occur the system needs to be able to grow and consistently be the best to support user adoption and for that it will need an increasing amount of mining power.  As the usage of a certain coin will grow, so will its overall value in society naturally increasing the incentive to attract miners. 
So.. regardless of what people THINK is the right choice - only the correct choice will be balanced and be able to support the necessary growth. Otherwise sooner or later it will fail in some way and the better option will win regardless. 
Imagine a time when one of the coins after surging in popularity - is worth 100,000 vs 4000 or 400 of the next closest competitor. There will be no one mining the other one an no transactions will be processed and no one will use it - it will just naturally spiral down as both users jump to the big one for membership in the larger more useful economy and miners will devote their cycles for the far more rewarding coin
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:56:37
I am not sure - in the system difficulty fluctuates to ensure blocks are created at a certain pace. If you magically generate 10000 blocks their timestamps would make them invalid..... and also blocks are not valid without nodes to validate them 
from the paper:
"To compensate for increasing hardware speed and varying interest in running nodes over time,
the proof-of-work difficulty is determined by a moving average targeting an average number of
blocks per hour.  If they're generated too fast, the difficulty increases"
 
@_date: 2017-08-23 00:49:14
People buy it but don't use it. I can't use bitcoin to replace an alternative payment method for almost anything on a daily basis. It used to be possible through some gift card exchanges or a few websites but now the transaction performance and cost is so bad that its driving people away from even that. The point of bitcoin is not to be an investment vehicle - its to be a currency..
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:17:05
But now i have to pay an onion bag full of fees instead of going direct....   not an improvement. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:12:36
It seems to be feasible at least for now in BCH..
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:29:40
I think hashes are simple to even children. You put input - you get some scrabled output. The same input always produced the same output and the output is never the same for two different inputs. 
In bitcoin, for each block, given one unchangeable input (the previous block's hash) and one random input (nonce) generate a specific output. nonces have to be tried at random until the correct solution is determined. 
This is fundamentally perfectly divisible labor like making widgets. If 1 person can make 1 widget in 5 minutes, it will take a person 50 minutes to make 10 widgets. 
If 10 people make widgets, they can make 10 widgets in 5 minutes. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:43:50
Because if you use it you still use bitcoin. 
Bitcoin core is now only usable if you use stuff like the lightning network - which is a separate system with its own rules and balances of power etc.  If you like the fundamental concepts of bitcoin,  they are now hard to come by in the core bitcoin chain... 
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:36:35
It doesn't matter if bang is an intermediary or PayPal. It's still a third-party Middleman. The point of Bitcoin is it supposed to eliminate any dependence on them and not give power to those who have more money
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:15:54
Only in relation to these offchain "solutions"
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:15:25
Can you run multipel nodes on a single cpu? If you combing 100 cpus to run 1 node - is that still 100 cpus or effectively 1?
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:15:42
No - I think that many people share the concern of being herded away from bitcoin blockchain and into LN for a number of reasons and this is having a real loss-of-confidence effect.  Some of the reasons:
1. LN changes the nature of bitcoin transactions into a scheme/format that is fundamentally different from the nature that attracted many people to bitcoin in the first place.
2. LN is unproven and at best, even it's developers seem cavalierly optimistic while seemingly making a lot of assumptions about its success as in this article  
3. Outside of LN, there does not seem to be enough steps taken to ensure scaleability or even to continue to handle the current level of transaction demand on the core bitcoin blockchain for those who choose not to use LN or in case LN is a failure.  It's basically an all-eggs in one basket scenario and with so much existing investment on the line,  if LN does not live up to all the hype, the investor confidence would suffer an immense loss- not just in this system but in cryptocurrencies in general.  It would show that the system has fundamental flaws that will prevent it from ever growing to the point where its actually useful at the level where any of these investments are ever going to pay off and it will solidify in the minds of all critics and doubters (which is by far the vast majority) that cryptocurrencies are just a  flash in the pan gimmick incapable of ever growing into anything useful. 
Now as a supporter of cryptocurrencies, it is a legitimate and significant concern that so much faith is being put by the community in the promise of one thing without , in my opinion, taking enough measures to ensure stability in the event of any scenario. Because right now, I feel the whole crypto space is being taken by the "Lightening Network or BUST" ride.
This needs to be figured out by cool heads and not by fan-boys for a given idea.  
If you have been around long enough, you know that even great ideas which have no technical or usability flaws still fail due to some irrational point of view held by people for who knows what reasons. 
I see Lightening Network as an App.  An option for people to choose a set of features and functionality. It should not be THE one and only solution for scaleability of the whole system. 
From a risk analysis perspective, there is a need to diversify the options to hedge against failure. 
Ultimately it wont matter how much influence miners have or how more profitable one chain is over another if the system never grows beyond what it is today or shrinks from here. 
It's like people on shark tank who all think they have the best idea and don't want to give up some percentage of their business before it even starts because they are projecting value to a point it the future and calculate that extra 5% based on some imagined future value.  They always fail to realize that owning 95% instead of 90% of a business that is worth $0 is still $0 - whereas having 90% or 95% of a multimillion dollar business still makes them rich.
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:56:07
Tell me if BTC is cost effective to buy something for 10$ right now - more cost effective than paying with Visa
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:17:36
I edited this because i forgot hashes are alphanumeric
ok..  again - its simple math.....  and my example was simplistic but lets try again. 
If you want to find  a result with 1 0 in the front, then all you have to do is at most, try 36 inputs. 
if you want to find a result with 00 in the front, then all you have to do is at most, try 1296 inputs...
for 000 --- 46,656 inputs.  
It doesnt matter what they are - out of  46,656 unique inputs, you will find one that starts with 000.
So for each level of complexity, the total amount of inputs increases... but it is a KNOWN QUANTITY.   
Its not magic. Its just probability from high school. 
So sure .. lets say you generate random unique numbers.  You can generate  46,656 of them at the 000 level... and give each of 10 machines 4666 of them.   Same gain in speed.
Go ahead and try it with your magic website....    you will NEVER have to try 37 times to get one 0 at the begginnig - any set of 36 unique inputs will do.
@_date: 2017-08-18 10:17:11
Look - I understand I am just now coming to understand this consensus thing but if you can please point out anything I have wrong here or misunderstood please try. I am capable of understanding it but the information is very fresh to me so, as human nature has it, my mind fills gaps of knowledge with assumptions and until I replace them all with facts my picture will not be correct. 
Until I started to hear about this forking stuff - it dint really stick out to me.   So there are 2 options of blockchain now. The validity of a chain depends a combination of how many blocks are generated by miners and then validated by nodes... am I right so far?  So in theory - if the "fork" had more miners generating blocks and more nodes verifying the blocks - then that would actually be the real bitcoin and the other version would become alt-coin right? (mainly because it can mathematically outpace it as stated in the bitcoin paper)
So now in theory - when 9000 nodes exist now, and I created another fork which was unique, and I generated blocks and i was the only one, but then I put 10,000 nodes on the network, and rejected every block but mine,  would I not effectively prevent the other blockchains from being able to process any transactions?   If there were millions of nodes, that would be difficult but 9000? Someone in an IT department of a medium corporation or someone in control of a botnet could do it.
But I acknowledge I may be missing info or misunderstanding. Thought he way I see it,  CPU participation is necessary to scale the system and secure it from being overwhelmed as the scenarios I just described, so over time (after all the amazing growth everyone is dreaming of) the incentive of participation, preservation and voting in the healthiest strongest blockchain likely to survive - both in scale and from attack -will be in the highest common interest and participation in alt-coins will be like throwing away your right to vote and participate and weaken the system.  There is no need for multiple alt-coins - just the most stable possible one blockchain - and its strength seems to come from participation in the form of nodes.
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:57:55
Can anyone tell me again how increased block size gives miners more control?  Nodes still have to validate their blocks. So if people want to keep miners in check from doing something nefarious after big blocks, just run more nodes. 
But segwit opens the door to some other-world non-bitcoin transaction system which frankly, is not proven and has some significant power control issues possible.   
So how are the miners overpowered?
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:46:27
So first off, how do miners know whos transactions to block? 
And if they can , which is more likely, they can juts block the ones for settling from the HUB nodes on LN, effectively shutting down that whole shitty system - so tell me how does LN solve ANYTHING?
@_date: 2017-08-18 05:26:05
Isn't the whole part of the bitcoin "consensus" determined by the combined power or the largest mining pool?  I think that is how the "winning" thing is determined - not what most people think bitcoin is. 
This is the very last sentence of Satoshi's paper: "They vote with their CPU power, expressing their acceptance of
valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on
them.  Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism."
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:26:18
Are you sure?  The difficulty adjusts to control the number of coins produced and is not arbitrary. I would defer to someone more knowledgeably but I suspect that you can't "reverse" certain rules if you want to keep the historical chain valid - at which point you would again not have the longest chain.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:15:17
Yea ok .. so lets say i send you money on the channel, and before you settle the channel, I just dump my regular bitcoin into another wallet. 
What happens when you settle? because I no longer care about my wallet - its got a 0 balance...
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:23:43
Do you have the money to be the intermediary to process 1000 transactions a day between various people? How about 10,000? 
Do you think someone who can afford to settle 1,000,000 can't push you out of the competition by lowering fees below whatever your braking point is? 
Sure they can - this is how regular banking system works and also why it fucking sucks
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:51:11
transaction speed /fees now and no  concern about lightning strikes.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:25:59
I meant a mining pool - you can join your resources to contribute to a mining pool so you can help process the blocks that the "evil miners" will refuse to - which will diminish their control over the system. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:14:13
BTC transaction instability coupled with doubt over the awesomeness of LN are giving people jitters -  LN is much overhyped and not delivered and conceptually it has some flaws.
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:00:41
I think the coin screwing with the blockchain and causing people to need to settle their transactions off-chain is the subversive one. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:50:07
Avoiding the issue by pointing out irrelevant topics is also a strategy
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:19:17
Actually, I am more commuted money wise in BTC at the moment.   If BTC looses I loose.  So  no - I am not "shilling"  but I am starting to consider FACTS.   
I am just an individual who got attacted to BTC years ago based on the fundamental principles and I think LN is reverting on many of the most important ones. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:34:42
The point is that lightning Network creates a system that encourages centralization by everyone having two rather transactions through those people who are rich. We're back to being at the mercy of third-party middlemen to move our money around. It goes against the whole f****** point of Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:24:25
I was under the assumption that before the transaction in a block was added to the blockchain to be confirmed in the first place, the block hash had to be calculated which is where the delay is. 
Increasing block size will reduce the number of calculations because more transactions will be added with one calculation i guess...   but going from 1 to 8 mb blocks means 8x speedup max?
But what when amount of transaction increases 8 times? before mainstream it will increase that many times.    
@_date: 2017-08-30 19:14:42
Ok - this is purely a mathematical exercise - can you provide the block size at which point running a node will become beyond the means of average users to do?
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:43:51
You are incorrect sorry.  No one or no projects OWN anything or any rights or anything. 51% attack by an individual is destructive. If 51% is by consensus of most users on the network distributed and voting for a given change, than that IS BITCOIN.  As per Satoshi's paper. Read it sometime.   Just because some core group "claims" to be the authentic one doesn't mean they are. In that situation, THEYY become the hostile node. 
This isnt firefox or linux and its not decided by people in charge of some repository on github - they are just the ones carrying the torch at the moment. Any and ALL Decisions are accomplished democratically by network participants. 
Who decided in the first place that this group / project is THE one?
Sorry buddy, no one is in charge of bitcoin and no "central" or "core" group get to decide its future. The worldwide bitcoin community get to and tehy do  so through usage and network participation which is governed by consensus rules. 
Wan't a vote? Run a node. Otherwise your bitching on the internet is useless.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:27:04
this fucking sux. I preload my channel and what if I want to move it to another Channel now I have to incur a fee to Move It from my account to my account?
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:12:10
Well I am sure LN will let me at one point open a dependent channel. Not tied to bitcoin but to some central hub, which will only issue me credit or pseudo-coins or something, and that will let me do transactions with everyone in LN, but I will forever be out of bitcoin. Sounds like a more efficient version of today's oligarchical banking system
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:06:50
But you are still talking about nodes for validating, not miners. Its validation nodes that set consensus. BTW - consensus means just what the most nodes in then network support. The community IS the nodes - if you support some fork then you run a node - otherwise your opinion is worthless. Each CPU is a vote. 
You are missing though, that its NOT centralization. The miners are still as distributed as ever and are the same independent entities that they are now. They just CHOOSE to collaborate instead of compete but if they disagree about anything its as easy as not joining the pool... though I still don't know what miners can collaborate on other than solving the problem faster
@_date: 2017-08-30 12:16:57
Another one. Have you actually thought it through or are you just repeating the "large blocks create centralization" garbage.  Please explain to me how/why that is the case.
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:33:52
I am not saying LN hubs need to go on TOR to hide from the government - their BITCOIN Address will show them as hub nodes simply based on the number of transactions they will be processing. 
That problem doesn't exist in bitcoin itself because there are not wallets which serve as middle men - all transactions will have about the average amount of business. A hub in LN will have many times the average users amount of transactions.  Easily they will stick out past 2 standard deviations, at which point miners can evidently blacklist em'
BCash so far seem like the original concept of bitcoin - with larger blocks ( that I was told give miners too much power and therfore bad ) But since core and LN does not solve that problem and in some ways makes it worse -- then what IS wrong with BCAsh?
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:13:12
The nonce IS the input.   The nonce options are finite.  The input set is finite.   The previous hash values are  the same for every attempt. 
List all numbers from 0 to whatever the max of a 32  bit number is. 
Divide those numbers evenly across all miners. 
For each block - each minder only tries input from their set of nonces. 
Everytime you double the number of miners in your pool you reduce the calculation time in HALF.
Shit, if all miners just found a buddy and did this that would half the time of whatever now is
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:10:45
You are right - its not the paper and its not people either. It's math. Nodes automatically support the longest chain, the longest chain is only possible one with the most CPU of miners generating proof of work behind it, which as it grows in complexity, makes it harder and harder for anyone falling behind it to catch up....  here is an excerpt from the paper:
"Nodes   always   consider   the   longest   chain   to   be   the   correct   one   and   will   keep   working   on
extending it.   If two nodes broadcast different versions of the next block simultaneously, some
nodes may receive one or the other first.  In that case, they work on the first one they received,
but save the other branch in case it becomes longer.  The tie will be broken when the next proof-
of-work   is   found   and   one   branch   becomes   longer;   the   nodes   that   were   working   on   the   other
branch will then switch to the longer one."
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:00:06
You are wrong. It precisely IS a sequential process. The very purpose of hashing is to ALWAYS generate the same outcome for the same input - so doing it randomly makes no sense. 
You know ahead of time the range of possible inputs to try say - 0 to a million.  
It will be the same exact set of inputs for every block during the same level of difficulty.  The possible set of all inputs for every level of difficulty is also known ahead of time.  
You don't have to use the bitcoin network bandwidth to do the overhead.  You can assign input sets to nodes up front.  Node a does 1-100, Node b does 101-200, Node C does 201-300.... etc..
The only time you have more overhead is whne you add a new node and redistribute the sets. After that each node does its subset without having to talk to any other node. If it doesnt find the answer in its set, it just stops because some other node is certain to get it.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:12:43
And don't assume those you "trust" are not playing you... consider all sides carefully.  
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:47:58
Not me running 200,001 dells....    200,001 people running 1 dell.... you can run a dell, I can run a dell and we all help the WHOLE....  while we browse reddit anyway ....
@_date: 2017-08-22 13:16:25
This article is full of hypothetical statements. 
They are counting on a large number of competing hubs to drive down fee prices - but the way I see it,  people are going to be naturally driven toward a few big nodes because:
1. The average user is not going to want to manage multiple channels etc - not to mention finding the right competing hub node that will also connect them to their desired counterparty. They will just use the biggest node that lets them transact with everyone. 
2. Most businesses will be inclined to accept payments and process payments through one central node - this is because once they receive a payment in a channel, they can only spend the money in that channel until the transactions in that channel are settled on the blockchain.  Therefore, maintaining multiple channels becomes an unnecessary cost because you have to loose the very benefit of LN (keeping channel open for multiple transactions) if you have to keep settling on the blockchain to be able to access your money for other purposes.  
3. Once groups of businesses begin to accept payment through a single channel, other businesses will naturally want to have the same accessibility for their clients so they will also accept from the same channel to be competitive.  Businesses may choose to accept on multiple competing channels but again, as the number grows their funds will now be distributed and locked to those channels so most merchants will likely stick to a handful of the most common ones.
4. Once big hub nodes have the volume of many businesses and many users, they can start to raise transaction fees because now their value is that they can claim to connect the greatest number of people and businesses. Sure you will be able to switch to another hub if you want, but that will mean you will be directly not as accessible to others unless they want to set up some separate channel to deal with you - and most people wont. Think as a merchant of stopping to accept Visa because of high fees and switching to Discover because their fees are lower.....   no amount of fees will make any business in their right mind do that. So once they gain volume, the "Visa" nodes will start to bump up fees because now everyone is dependent on them. 
So while the idea of LN does not require centralization and gives everyone the ability to run own hubs etc.. the nature of people to make things easier and avoid cost will drive them to centralization out of convenience and economic reasons. 
For this reason I think LN is a inferior solution to the blockchain itself, which in no way obstructs direct payment between 2 parties or encourages the need for any 3rd party transaction processing through cost or ease of use advantage. 
At the end of the day, blockchain eliminates the need for a PayPal or Visa but LN gives them a newer more efficient platform on which to operate .
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:22:09
You're assuming lightning Network is a good thing. A couple of phrases from the definition tell me that it makes people who conduct business directly on the blockchain are referenced uncooperative Channel counterparties. Does that mean everyone's going to be expected to do things on the lightning Network. What if I don't want to use it the whole point of Bitcoin is that it allows everyone equal access. And while my understanding so far is still vague it seems like lightning Network allows Rich individuals to be powerful nodes that will allow for some sort of control over poor people
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:01:37
And it sucks. 
Tell me this - I just want to send a few bucks to my friend. 1 time. 
And then settle. Whether I make it useing LN or not, we have to pay the transaction fee anyway.   Unless I'm doing volume,  LN won't help most users most of the time, especially not at the begging where few people even do any portion of their transactions in bitcoin.
LN actually creates an ecosystem where i NEVER want to actually settle with bitcoin becuase its expensive.  
It makes most optimal to utilize 3rd part high-volume intermediaries but then if most people do that,  most of the time they are not using bitcoin and they are not freeing themselves from a centralized - financial services middleman economy like we have now.
So let me tell you this - If I am:
1. Not going to use bitcoin as often as I wanted
2. Going to use a 3rd party intermediary 
3. Be charged fees by that one
Why the f*ck would I even use bitcoin in the first place. 
My Visa does all those things and its ALREADY accepted everywhere. 
To most people its going to look like this:
It offers no significant usability advantage. 
It offers no significant reliability advantage. 
It eliminates all of the democratization, de-cenrtalization that people are excited about bitcoin for providing.
Since I am not going to get new wallets and add them to LN arbitrarily because it will be cost-prohibitive, I assume the central nodes will end up tracking transactions and exploiting me even more than CC companies did before. 
LN  is not "a way to make bitcoin faster"  
It is fundamentally NOT bitcoin   and philosophically its the god damn opposite.
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:45:52
So every transaction i make will be on the blockchain? Because the blockchain is bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:33:38
My main concern is this. 
The reason given for why bigger blocks is the bad optimization technique is that it gives too much power to the miners. 
So LN is the better alternative. 
But LN is a system which encourages centralized hubs to act as intermediaries routing transactions for a fee, so that they can bear the brunt of paying blockchain settlement transaction fees. 
What this creates is the ability of "Evil miners" to target a small number of high volume hub node wallets and effectively cripple the transactions of a much grater number of users who depend on that node for their transactions. 
Therefor, LN creates a worse problem if you are worried about "evil miners"  - but since the blockchain itself was not optimized, its harder to NOT use LN to settle transactions
@_date: 2017-08-23 05:04:07
First you have to establish that B2X is somehow a bad thing and not the desired outcome of the bitcoin community. 
This can easily be flipped from "people who are pushing for B2X" to "people who refuse to accept B2X"
The core developers do not hold some special power to decide how bitcoin is implemented over time. 
The only thing that matters in the system is consensus and I think  you think it means what the most popular opinion and that is where you might come to the error that somehow Core developers and their chat group get to decide anything.
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:24:35
I'm starting to get on the boat where I don't think lightning network is an improvement. It's a Kluge that creates confusion and probably will come with its own problems and then what you'll add another Network on top of that
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:02:41
Well you said the reasoning for NOT increasing blocks is because the hardware and network capacity will outrun Moore's law.  
If that is the argument, it should be presented by performing a simple calculation. We know the formula for moores law.  We can calculate hashrate based on CPU power. We can calculate hashrate needed to generate blocks at any difficulty interval.  So there should be a not-too complex formula which shows the required increase in CPU need over time to handle an increasing # of transactions right?   I mean right now there are ~9000 nodes running on the system which seems like kindergarten.  Shit, my friend is in charge of an office network that has more computers on it than that.   With that many nodes, the stress on the network, even with a best-effort model will probably BE high. IF you look at the graphs, the overall number of network nodes has been pretty steady for months, but the number of transactions has been increasing. If anything, we should be encouraging people to run more full nodes, make it easier whatever. Not going off-chain to support some sort of philosophically broken channel system. 
 It seems like this off-chain solution was rushed (probably because someone sees a personal benefit some way) instead of considering all possibilities of first scaling the bitcoin network itself appropriately. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:07:07
So here is my question - Isnt the point of bitcoin to NOT Have services like PayPal?
Why the hell would I want Ligthening Network.   Bitcoin is what I want specifically to avoid crap like that?  Im starting to think that segwit was a screwup - people pushing an agenda to add something they want to make fees on down the line - already bulking up a system that realistically has no users yet with extra overhead and complicating it for adoption. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:25:04
It's easier for merchants to accept bcash tomorrow than it is for them to find a way to make selling coffe or electronics affordable using bitcoin today. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:01:51
No - because a difficulty of 1 would create blocks too quickly and also they will not be validated by the network. The chain isn't created by just blocks, but by VALIDATED blocks - 
From the paper
"To compensate for increasing hardware speed and varying interest in running nodes over time,
the proof-of-work difficulty is determined by a moving average targeting an average number of
blocks per hour.  If they're generated too fast, the difficulty increases"
 
@_date: 2017-08-18 10:41:47
A blockchain with a small community of nodes that can be easily outnumbered to overwhelm consensus IS economically relevant as its value is dependent on its survivability.   Sorry about the typing - I am still and continuously amazed at the level of thought and anticipation that went into the design of the whole thing and it seems to be controlled by natural mathematical forces - and the only thing indecision can do is slow down the inevitable.   Like what did Satoshi mean by "honest" nodes - i don't think its the ones that support the strongest economic position or the most popular one as voted by the community...  I think it might be the ones which support the most clear goal of the natural growth intended by design - all other changes throw the system off balance and are doomed to fail.
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:35:26
What third-party middlemen that everyone's dependent on for moving money around are supposed to be obsolete buy Bitcoin not enable them to be more efficient. This is b*******
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:54:25
The two are linked. For any of these systems to be useful and rewarding for all participants you need the correct balance of :
Users to use the system, generate increasing volume of transactions and increase value of the currency.
Miners to devote CPU, generate valid block and receive incentive.
Nodes run by users who want to ensure that the system is fair, by validating the blocks and creating consensus.. 
I think a lot of the push to LN seems to be from the confusion that only miners enforce the network rules and have too much control but anyone in the community can run a node to "Vote" what the rules are being enforced. Without majority of nodes voting for a set of rules, block generated by miners will be invalid and never added on the chain so they never get their reward. IF the community wants to keep the miners in check, all they have to do is run a node.
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:06:55
Nodes automatically switch to support the longest chain. The only way the longest chain is possible is because more blocks - which means more CPU: 
Another Excerpt:
"Nodes   always   consider   the   longest   chain   to   be   the   correct   one   and   will   keep   working   on
extending it.   If two nodes broadcast different versions of the next block simultaneously, some
nodes may receive one or the other first.  In that case, they work on the first one they received,
but save the other branch in case it becomes longer.  The tie will be broken when the next proof-
of-work   is   found   and   one   branch   becomes   longer;   the   nodes   that   were   working   on   the   other
branch will then switch to the longer one."
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:28:42
So what is the transaction fee to settle on the blockchain is $500...
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:43:51
but if they don't offer the most competative chain than another one will win. Miners don't have a patent or naming rights and cant sue anyone for doing EXACTLY what they do cheaper - because they will get rewarded more by GROWTH in users and value than by edging the market out a few percentage points
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:58:36
Because they will have to settle a statistically significant amount of transactions on the blockchain which is going to much grater than the average user. The bigger the hub the more their volume will stand out statistically. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:54:23
I think in this context , CPU means a processing unit which takes input and generates output. In this case it is used to establish individuality for concensus:  
From the paper: 
"The proof-of-work also solves the problem of determining representation in majority decision
making.  If the majority were based on one-IP-address-one-vote, it could be subverted by anyone
able   to   allocate   many   IPs.     Proof-of-work   is   essentially   one-CPU-one-vote.     The   majority
decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested
in it.  If a majority of CPU power is controlled by honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the
fastest and outpace any competing chains.   To modify a past block, an attacker would have to
redo the proof-of-work of the block and all blocks after it and then catch up with and surpass the
work of the honest nodes.  We will show later that the probability of a slower attacker catching up
diminishes exponentially as subsequent blocks are added."
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:50:00
The only reason anyone is holding is because they are waiting until mass adoption when people are using it in large volumes - then it will be worth alot more. But without wide adoption for day-to-day transactions,  the value is based on nothing.
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:23:41
This was an example, but given modern hardware- 10 asics working together evenly distributing workload will be 10 times faster than 10 asiscs working independently on the same problem. 
Think of it this way.  You have 10 people.  The first person to build a barn wins a basket of bread. 
You are hungry. 
The barn has 10 parts.
Each person can build 1 part of the barn in a period of time carrying from 45 minutes to 1 hour.
In 3 hours, a storm will come and kill everyone who is not in a barn. 
Whats more important, being the first to get the all the  bread or building a barn and sharing the bread?
@_date: 2017-08-18 09:26:03
I think only one can exist: My reasoning is here - i would appreciarte feedback /criticism
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:54:22
OR be a gateway that puts people under the control of the hub who makes them their bitch... like a bank -- that will be 3% please
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:57:52
why not?
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:12:01
I realize its not difficult - but as a general rule - is it not better to fix a problem you have than to change something that isnt broken so you can add klugy workarounds that they themselves may have some problem down the line and you end up with a rickety pile of unreliable nonsense?
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:22:47
What if fundamentally the need to have multiple currencies. 
Now its because they are national or controlled by a bank etc..   why even wast your time on conversion or multiple apps or whatver - what benefit is there?
Multiple currencies divide the available computational power, users, transactions, validation nodes.. making the network weaker --- for what?
@_date: 2017-08-18 10:36:28
I am not sure I agree. Unless I misunderstand, the system is designed to preserve itself based on evolution-like principles. The more computing power that is devoted to a given blockchain, the more likely it is to have blocks generated and accepted. This makes that blockchain longer than others which makes it more difficult to be overtaken by brute force replication (since the increasing difficulty has to be replicated and then surpassed by a competing hostile blockchain). 
Economic value or popular opinion has no merit in this scenario  - its mathematical and for good reason - it also helps to keep it purely democratic - but the only way to vote is to contribute by a node which will validate the version of blocks you support and reject the version you don't.  
With 9000 nodes, if someone FORKED the blockchain and immediately put 100,000 new nodes on the network all rejecting previous versions and only accepting their fork, only that new fork would grow and the other would not even be able to process transactions.  Is that even right?  If not I am interested where I am wrong. If correct though - this is a reason why node participation from the community is important as it strengthens the blockchain from hostile takeover - the more users run nodes, the less chance an attacker has at outnumbering them.  Its well within the power of a bank or nation state to bring enough computers online to force the decision of the direction of the blockchain in the event of a fork.   That is if I am understanding this correctly. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:39:35
Why not increase block size first, increase use and adoption and see if future enhancements even make it necessary for off-chain settlement. 
It seems like off-chain should be the LAST resort since it so fundamentally introduces concepts and possibilities that are so against the core philosophical benefits of bitcoin. 
Honestly,  with lightening network and central nodes controlled by people charging fees is really making me doubt the whole future of bitcoin. All I see there is another pay-pal.... which we already have so why would anyone fucking choose to use it.......... .
I want FREEDOM, not the same subservience - but faster
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:45:29
So I thought node owners and miners are not the same thing. A miner doesn't get more input becauses they are mining. Nodes are the ones that have to validate their blocks right?  No where does it say you have to run some sort of massive CPU to be a node... but it gets equal say.  ONE CPU - ONE VOTE!  If you want to keep miners in check, the community just needs to support the system by running nodes at some moderate level, maybe in the background of your computer or cell phone or whatever.....   It's a false statement to say that miners have too much control.
However, once powerful intermediate users in Lightening Network gain influence, volume and money - they now have power which is based on their WEALTH - so now I don't get ANY vote unless I have money.... 
It's back to the old system.  
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:02:38
If it grows sufficiently it wont be a problem but the problem is that there is only 9000 nodes in the whole network - are you serious that how low the participation is?
Do you not worry that somehow taking transactionons off-chain can possibly more damaging in the long term?  
@_date: 2017-08-21 18:03:41
Yes - because lightning network has been validated so thoroughly, I can start using it today.... oh wait
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:09:52
I agree with you. I think people are pushing "innovations" to it before its mature enough to even be what it was supposed to be in the first place. 
I honestly dont see the purpose of lightening other than put a framework where individuals can collect fees..... 
10 minutes to validate a transaction is not bad considering my credit card say pending for friggin days and it never bothered me.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:06:25
Dude - its not segwit2x.....    the initial segwit and all this Lightning nonsense is what fucked up BTC.    Unless BCH takes the torch - the original concept that was bitcoin is in the shitter... Lightening introduces more problems than it solves.
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:17:10
Think about it. It's a Tree.  It has one trunk - and many branches. 
The tallest branch is the "Valid" one.  The only way to increase the chain is to generate proof of work. 
Again- from Satoshi's paper:
"  Proof-of-work   is   essentially   one-CPU-one-vote.     The   majority
decision is represented by the longest chain, which has the greatest proof-of-work effort invested
in it.  If a majority of CPU power is controlled by honest nodes, the honest chain will grow the
fastest and outpace any competing chains."
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:46:36
no one is using it yet - there is barely 10,000 nodes - it seems way premature to start adding layers
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:12:37
So how does LN help? They will just put all the hub nodes on the blacklist .. now what?
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:31:05
Ok.  Consider this example. Alice is a single mom. She wants to use LN to buy groceries, gas, coffe, dipers etc.  Lets say 100 transactions a week. She can open channels with all the stores she does business with, but that would mean at some point, she has to settle 100 transactions on the blockchain. The fee that she has to pay 100 times is too high for her to afford, but she can use BOB's Node as an intermediary, perform all of her transactions through BOB's network and only settle once a week or whatever.  Dave is in the same boat as alice and can't afford to make ends meet so he also uses BOB's service to be able to afford doing business.  Lot's of people use BOB's service because they are poor and BOB is rich, not to mention, BOB now charges them all some small fee (smaller than the bitcoin tx fee) and he becomes richer because he does high volume. 
Now, BOB decides to lower his fees a little to encourage more people to do business, but in order to use BOB's service, he requires you use the SAME wallet all the time, and register that with your email, and identity on BOB's Service website.  
Now bob tracks everyones transactions and exploits them for data mining and turns them over to law enforcement whenever they ask and most people still need to use BOB's service because they can't afford to use just bitcoin. 
Now the government thinks this is good and requires everyone to use BOB's service in their country. For national security, BOB's service won't let anyone make transactions with certain countries...
etc... etc... etc.....
@_date: 2017-08-22 12:07:31
Or that an a combination of other optimizations. Maybe developers can start looking more at tree pruning strategies, facilitating faster block creation etc.  These things are hard - but I bet there is room for optimization.  Sadly I have to work to pay to feed the kids but othewise I and I am sure many other developers would take a crack at it. Someone somewhere might find some clever way to save space or cpu etc.  I am sure Core is most competent, but now seems to be more focused on LN than BTC itself and some people have suggested external financial influence but I personally don't believe that. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 07:33:25
yes i see that now - this was a learning experinece
@_date: 2017-08-23 00:39:16
A: Its not the specs, its the need for funds to cover settlement of fees for many transactions with the blockchain which you would hope to make up for in smaller LN transaction fees, but as always, you need to have money to make money, especially at large volumes.
A: Good point - so also it seems like miners have a vested stake in supporting the most robust, scalable and accessible solution available because with that will come their greatest profit. So why do people use the concept of miners with evil agenda's to undermine anyone who is a supporter of scalability solutions other than LN?
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:27:50
Dude - I have been a redditor for 8 years. I didn't just all of a sudden create an account to troll. 
I agree, saying its poison is a strong statement. So far though, I have yet to hear anyone definitively state a response to the basic question. 
Big blocks are bad because they give miners control. LN is supposed to be better but it does nothing to fix that and in many cases it makes it worse. Aside from its unique features, which some may want and others not, why is bitcoin not allowing larger blocks if the miner advantage is not a factor?
@_date: 2017-08-23 01:23:05
Well future I mean after the block size increases have been exhausted. For now at least it seems possible to keep the system usable in the short term by increasing block size until it becomes a huge obstacle while better alternatives are found. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 02:34:19
It's not stupid, It's propaganda. 
It's talking points that will be repeated by other media outlets ad-nausea. The fact is most people will never bother to learn "how it works" and it will be difficult for them to tell what risk is real or not even if the overwhelming concesus of people who do know tell them otherwise. It's the same reason people think vaccines cause Autism or that climate change is not real or that Net-Neutrality is bad. 
Would it be that surprising that heavily funded establishment powers would engage in deliberate misinformation to create confusion and fear about something that can potentially make them obsolete?
They  aren't stupid....   Their job is literally to identify and hedge against risk.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:56:20
something old from a couple years ago - does it matter? Are there wallets that will work differntly?
Doest it affect coins unmoved for a long time?? Or will the problem just affect new coins / transactions?
What if i have a pending coin with an exchange that will be delivered later next week? Will that be in jeopardy?
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:34:55
You are right - something I deffinitely don't see being within reach of most people in the future - 
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:13:06
I am slowly and I keep hearing words like "crypto bank" and centralized service providers etc...    those seem completely contrary to what bitcoin is supposed to be
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:04:48
Nothing says decentralized economy like " me and a handful of other people"
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:13:48
Sure .. it can be HTTP or it might be Usenet or Gopher (do you even remember those?)  - I am sure either of these were a step away from being "the one" for mass adoption and there were many people excited about the use of each one. For a long time in early internet days, Usenet was the more useful, content rich environment and lasted for a while, even through early years of WWW....    Time will tell and the only thing that matters is user adoption.
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:09:58
How about there is this thing called BITCOIN - which is supposed to fucking do all that already.....
@_date: 2017-08-19 01:24:49
I think that the reason so many coins exist still is because the lack of clear dominance because there is so much more room to grow - but at some point, there will be a more significant gap between one and the rest that will grow at an increasing rate until there is just one.
@_date: 2017-08-23 05:14:17
According to Satoshi's paper - the decision on which chain is the "right" chain is based on consensus. If consensus supports b2x than core becomes the hostile chain... you do realize that right? Core developers and public opinion do not have some unique privilege to determine what changes are considered "correct"
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:07:02
Well - LN doesnt solve this anyway. IF anything, it makes any intermediary hub nodes stand out like sore thumbs since they cant change their wallet address because they need to maintain their many channels open.  Seems like its making it easier to find central targets.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:36:41
Well no -but that is why I wish there was a version which is supportive of the original bitcoin concepts that also has support of the community of CPU Resources. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:51:21
ok so all that says is the set is larger - still divisible. 
Why is this so difficult - If I am a miner and I buy 2 asics for my node, my node is faster right? Now what if I ad a 3rd? still faster? What about a closte full ? EVEN FASTEER? -- what If I get another miner and he brings his closet of asics to hook em up to my closet ? Even faster?   What is our two sets of asics hook up to one of them pools? EVEN FASTER?.... What if that pool joins another pool?  EVEN FASTER?.........     When all are in one pool? EVEN?  faster
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:57:30
Another valid point. 
LN is just the first iteration of .. "bitcoin is great but Im a nerd so I will think of something BETTER!!!"   and was pushed through. 
Soon banks and governments will be pushing their own shit on top of this, only adding to the burden of processing on the original blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:04:48
If you sell coins you had before August 1st it might turn out to be the biggest mistake ...
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:32:48
Yea, they literally said I will be sending money to the person I want through a network of middle-men  and a guy actually mention Visa, Mastercard etc.   In a future where transaction volumes are so high, the average person wont be able to afford the fees, maybe to EVER settle on the blockchain and will forever be doomed to channel payments facilitated by some intermediary who is one of few rich enough to BE able to settle - only if they have the money to get started and the volume to make it worth it.... .   SO A FUCKING BANK
@_date: 2017-08-15 07:20:56
Im pretty sure all you need to do is print out some alphanumeric strings and put the piece of paper in a safe then format / smash / burn your laptop or whatever. I have not heard of hackers hacking paper yet.
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:06:28
It seems like Lightning network will be a way to HAVE banks - you think grandman is gonna open up doesns of channels? She will go through some central node...    and also what about when miners drop it because its not giving enough fees.   
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:15:41
You go ahead and pool some money together and compete with PayPal.. see how far you get. Especially not only because of money -but because their users already use and accept PayPal and no one knows who the hell you are
@_date: 2017-08-29 16:02:07
You do realize for people who support bitcoin for decentralization and independence, Apple is a horrible comparison right?
The way its going, the better comparison is that blockchain is WWW and the Lightning Network is AOL.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:48:22
Easy to call names when you have no valid contribution
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:14:32
I Can't be certain but it seems like lightening network is a way to keep people out of the blockchain, making them dependent on some gatekeeper of the channel who is making fees processing their transactions for them..
That sounds like a fuckin bank
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:46:36
You are the type of clown who is gonna push people away. 
1. Miners are supposed to care about profitability. And mining should be profitable - the system relies on them. 
2. If I have to use LN to process any transactions than whatever system THAT is is the alt coin.  I don't want to do transactions in a highly centralized channel network which basically trades iou's instead of actual coins until some future time you redeem it. I already experienced the pay-pal, Visa, MC ecosystem and it fucking sucks and no one wants an "improved" version of it. 
3. Bitcoin core has at this point been completely unusable. No one will want to invest in anything where the people in charge were not adequately prepared with whatever workaround solution they propose to the point that any business doing transactions is basically SOL untill they get their shit together. Can you imagine if a significant amount of people actually used bitcoin?  This type of bullshit would cause the economy to crash. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:59:59


@_date: 2017-08-18 13:32:26
Yes, but the input space is known - they know all possible inputs to try. All inputs have to be tried.  
1 computer has to try up to 100% of the inputs, 
2 computer competing have to try up to 100% of the inputs and the first one to do it wins.
2 computers working together only have to try up to 50% of possible inputs before 1 of them gets it because each is trying half of all possible inputs.
3 computers solve it in 33%, 4 in 25%,   100 computers solve it in 1% ......      now turn the whole mining network to solve one problem evenly divided across all of them?
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:55:13
so distribute the list of plausible inputs and collectively discard ones you know wont work.  In any case, every time the difficulty increases the set of inputs increases. At the very least you know 100% you can discard all previously successful inputs. But that's the other shoe- if everyone works independently, they don't know what the nonce was for the block they didnt solve so they dont know not to use it.  In co-op mode, everytime a block is solved, that nonce can be removed from the list of possible inputs, further reducing workload for ALL miners. One by one millions of blocks and millions of spent nonces.
@_date: 2017-08-18 23:33:59
Yea - it happened to me a bunch of times in a row. I thought I was certain of one thing or another only to realize a short time  later I was completely off. Some things were silly but others threw me for a loop. 
This thing is like nothing else I have seen before and I delved into some loopy topics man. 
This thing is so completely well thought out and balanced,  i think it can't be so wrong that it needs significant change but I will now leave it to those who have been kicking it around longer and not butt in, while I am catching up.   Though I still feel like when all the dust settles, there is really only room for one.  Seems like all other competing cryptocurrencies will die of when everyone starts supporting the one that is best no? Maybe not - we will see. For now im keeping all my stuff put so it can be forked to infinity and i don't loose any of it regardless how it progresses.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:14:36
But the way the system is organized encourages processing of transactions through 3rd party hub nodes to avoid having to pay large amount of blockchain settlement fees. This creates an artificial dependence on hub nodes who now become the power brokers in the system. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 11:28:21
Well now there is BTC and BCC which have the same root but split off. There are miners mining on both, but because BTC is larger, it grows faster and is the superior one ( think in terms of natural selection) - ultimately over time, the gap in incentive between these two will grow to the point that everyone on BCC will abandon it for BTC - and since the majority of available power is concentratedon BTC, its mathematically unlikely that BCC will ever make up the computing time to catch up to BTC.  So over time, only one will survive and thats the one which has most processing supprot to generate and validate blocks right?
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:39:11
But that is due to participation at the moment - not because BCH supports technology that somehow makes it more centralized.  If more people supported it , it solves the problem. 
However, LN  fundamentally encourages centralization, and the more users are in the system the more centralized it will become. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:13:05
so saying that capacity limits should not get breached in favor of software solutions has been  a recurring lack of foresight in technology. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:40:54
No - I want fucking bitcoin not lightning. I don't want to replenish "Channels" - I want bitcoin.  Bitcoin is the value - channels are gonna be fucking slaves to intermediary nodes who can afford high transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:36:09
"We can trash Lightning Network and start over if it breaks."
You do realize people are now putting their retirement funds into bitcoin via ETFs and IRA's and stuff. 
It's not a playground anymore . Not to mention, once you loose investor confidence and everyone writes it of as the shitty magic internet money scam they always thought it was - that money is NEVER coming back again.  If bitcoin fucks up its over.  You will need a miracle to get people to support cryptocurrency again. 
I don't think its a conspiracy to destroy bitcoin. I think people are  blinded by cool ideas and whiz-bang new concepts and are forgetting the main goal is to at least get anyone to use the damn thing for something more than a curiosity investment.
@_date: 2017-08-30 17:29:00
increased costs enforced by impartial rules of the system are not centralization. No one is given control that can not be checked by the community using the system
@_date: 2017-08-30 01:26:15
Bitcoin fucking already provides trustless p2p and is decentralized. The moment I need to route my payment from me to you though some fucking lightning network node(s) its fucking immediately NOT p2p
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:35:59
IF the fees are regulated by the SYSTEM - it will be purely market driven and the fees will create sufficient incentive to both contribute CPU power up to a certain limit that both makes it worthwhile and provides the level of service that people will want to use. Self-balancing to provide the best balance for everyone - enabling a pure free market. 
If the fees are set by PEOPLE - who are greedy and will ultimately lead to imbalance between those who are rich and can afford to process other's transactions and those who cant - it creates an OLIGRARCHY.    PEOPLE Are assholes. Bitcoin Is supposed to FREE US from having to TRUST POEPLE
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:10:31
How can you start a hub if you can't afford the transaction fees to settle with the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:04:03
Don't buy more - the Lightening nonsense is a fiasco waiting to blow up in everyone's faces. It introduces more problems than it solves and by not solving core bitcoin issues, it essentially kills any usefulness bitcoin had...
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:35:16
The lighting network is a kluge which detracts from bitcoin itself and now makes me dependent on some other thing....   its better to make the thing better than to glue who knows what on it with its own new set of future problems and risks involved.  
@_date: 2017-08-18 08:01:55
Yea - I see now the gap of my logic. I had had that whole other thread I went on a tangent based on my flawed understanding. But despite that it still seem the need to participate by contributing a node to the network might in the future kill off alt-coins. 
Today the difference is not huge - $4000 vs $400 lets say - but when it comes to decisions that are more important or to defend the network against takeover by a  collection of foreign banks or some bad group of governments - it will matter how your cpu power is used - and even if you are not mining, contributing nodes to some other nonsense will be like wasting your vote - and any smaller network will be able to become completely overtaken because their ability to defend itself will be dependent on participation right?  So even if a bank cant get at Bitcoin because of network size , they might be able to take down something like BOBScoin simply because it has fewer nodes validating....   ultimately the survival of any cryptocurrency will depend on the scale of participation in terms of cpu power it seems. Without support of sufficient mining and validation smaller coins wont be able to support a volume of transactions beyond a limit - or am i missing something again
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:32:33
Do non-hacked people need to all assure themselves they have not been hacked?  
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:19:57
I can accept but this is a proposed idea - it would be great to find a flaw and dismiss it but please elaborate on anything you see that would make it troublesome
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:10:20
So how does LN solve the problem - now due to transaction volumes they can easily identify the hub nodes and shut them down. Now what?
What about just assuming as the system grow there will be more participants running mining rigs across the globe so it takes their power away.....  
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:40:18
If it cant be found in so many possibilities by  a thousand computers working together,  how does a single computer ever do it on its own?
The word nonce --- literally means "number only used once"
There is a finite set of numbers. For each hash, one of them will be the solution.   Given any set - distributing those numbers quickly reduces the problem set required of each computer.
@_date: 2017-08-19 22:14:46
How do you know lightning network is a good thing. Instead of making bitcoin better, it actually encouraged people to conduct their business off of Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:25:13
But there can always be pools....anyone can contribute to a pool...
@_date: 2017-08-22 11:39:05
For now yes, but the very fact that they are not able to reliably perform transactions will be a driving force away to another alternative. It seems like people who want segwit, LN etc can use it, but also they seem to be intentionally crippling core bitcoin to force everyone to use it.  Why not at least have both?  I personally don't want to use LN because of all of its centralization implications. I would prefer to just use plain bitcoin myself. But this core group seems to be pushing everyone towards LN because they think its better.
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:05:51
Im not saying banks as in Wells Fargo - I mean banks as in central entities who have more money which gives them leverage over those who have less creating a dependency on those entities for transactions.  That is centralization. The very opposite goal of bitcoin whether its uncle Jimmy or uncle Sam it doesnt matter.   If I  need them to send money to you - its already all  fucked.  They can tell me no or charge me something they choose. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:20:33
Ok - fantastic deflection to actually address the issue. 
But let me clarify. 
I open a channel to Alice - I tie up 20 worth of funds in a contract right?
Now I open another channel to Bob and I tie up my remaining 20 worth of funds on that channel. 
Now a situation arose, I want to pay Bob - 35 worth of funds. 
Please describe the situation with your superb knowledge of LN, how many transactions am I settling with blockchain in that scenario?  To move 15 of my funds from the alice channel to bobs...
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:57:11
because if this trend is going like we see - the transaction fees will be so high to use just the blockchain, people who won't be able to afford them will seldom be able to do anything in actual bitcoin so people who can afford it will be the new money-lenders
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:04:14
What if neither I or the person I want to send money to can afford the fee to ever settle our transaction on the blockchain?
@_date: 2017-08-18 15:36:15
Ok ......   this is where we need to do the math to find a braking point but at scale i am certain you are mistaken. 
It depends... and possibly there is such a thing as optimal pool size where the best performance can be found. 
Its faster for 100 computers to solve indpenedent puzzles if the puzzle takes 10 for each computer to solve and 1 min for all of them to solve together. if you have 50 puzzles... but if you have 2 puzzles the pool is faster... 
What if the scale is higher... its 10 minutes per puzzle per computer but 1/1000000 of a second per puzzle for the grid....    now whats the brakeout point. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:16:12
At least BCH is improving things....
@_date: 2017-08-18 10:45:47
But the others were mining core before and some switched to emergent concensus. It seems the segwit2x blocks are being mined by completely new miners it seems. Otherwise, if core miners were switching to segwit2x, then for every new segwit2x block, there would be 1 less of core or EC. An inverse relationship like there is between Core and EC... but that is not the case. The all are generated without reducing the output of others which means its brand new miners online who were not mining before. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:05:52
who is the "WE" that gets to ban
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:51:34
I thought the party would be at paypal HQ
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:26:30
What do you mean?
@_date: 2017-08-23 04:40:23
Well as I was told, the reason bigger blocks are bad because miners are greedy and somehow will more easily control the system (in which way it was not described)  - So if that is how they behave, I would assume they are not happy with LN because it takes transaction volume away from the chain and lowers their profit, so to take it down they can target hub nodes, which greatly reduces any advantage of being on LN in the first place.  So if people are so worried about miners, LN makes it a worse situation than big blocks. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:18:18
Yes  - it is just a mining pool. But the bigger a mining pool is the faster it is. 
Every invalid effort IS a waste, but in competitive state, that effort is duplicated across each competing participant. They perform REDUNDANT work.  In cooperation, they don't.  Failing to calculate the hash is not waste. Trying to calculate the same hash twice is a waste. 
Miners don't ensure integrity I thought the nodes validating the blocks do.
@_date: 2017-08-21 10:49:13
I know but yes - the point of saying there is no reason to increase some memory limit seems to be a recurring lack of vision 
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:40:54
You will use Visa and Paypal - their Hub nodes on LN.   They will charge you the same fees they do now...  congrats. BTC has just become the network Visa and Paypal will use and it will even be powered by volunteers - they save on infrastructure. Its a win win for them
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:09:32
Thats the fuckin problem.  I don't want to "almost never settle on the blockchain".    I don't want employer to fund my channel. I want bitcoin and i want to to transact in bitcoin without middlemen.
You say that large blocks are not a solution, yet, the blockchain with large blocks works NOW.....  LN is still in alpha and who knows when its gonna be before it works and what type of problems it will run into. You are pushing a solution that has not been proven yet like its the bees knees
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:53:52
And does a 2mb or 8mb blocksize prevent you from doing that ?
Maybe you will process less blocks but is it out of the realm of possibilities that there will just be more nodes as the system grows? So that as  transactions increases and blocks grow so will the number of nodes so it is proportional.... almost as if whoever designed the system may have intended it?
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:12:07
Its not attacks - its people slowly realizing that segwit and LN are a mistake -  and people are genuinely not satisfied with the direction LN is taking bitcoin. Many are wondering if BCH  is closer to upholding the original bitcoin vision but unsure whether it can execute on it.     
Segwit and LN seem like were the pet project of a small influential group and everyone believed them at face value - but now its starting to click in maybe the idea is not as super duper as they would have you believe... 
@_date: 2017-08-21 23:30:16
N sucks ass. Considered this use case. I load up 20 bucks on my Starbucks Channel. I load 20 bucks on my beer Channel. Now I want to spend 30 bucks on beer unexpectedly. Now I have to pay a f****** transaction fee to move my own money around to myself.
That is unless I'm routing all my transactions through one Central place which sure would make it easier but then I'm back to f****** using Visa and MasterCard which is the world we were trying to escape from, the world of middlemen who exert control
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:01:36
There is no god-damn utility if regular transactions are cost-prohibitive.
People are NOT willing to pay such a high fee which is why no one is using bitcoin any-fucking-where .   Except to invest in high amount of dollars -but those people are waiting until it CAN be used and they have been bamboozled because now it wont be and LN is not going to help anything and they will find out the hard way.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:09:56
Whats illogical. That The only argument against bigger block sizes was that it gives miners too much power - is something that LN makes worse by centralizing majority of transactions through HUB nodes which give miners an easier single target to disrupt transactions of a larger amount of users?
You can call me names but that is only because you can not provide a well reasoned answer as to how this is not a worse situation than bigger blocks. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:30:02
Even if you have automation, you can't automate your way of not being able to cover the fees....  automation doesn't create money you need to do business last I checked
@_date: 2017-08-18 06:35:29
I don't know what they did and to what extent its possible to fidget with but IF their chain was longer, then all bitcoin nodes would consider it the correct - would they not?
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:40:09
Last week, ex-Bitcoin Core developer Gavin Andresen forecast the accompanying ecosystem would be highly centralized once operational, but that this was OK.
HOW IS IT OK?
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:08:13
So based on this calculation, at what block size does it outrun moores law?  If it's 8mb it may be an issue. If its 10GB it seems like there is a long way to go before caring and maybe THAT is the point you should consider off-chain solutions no?
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:03:31
I am saying bitcoin is unusable right now.  
And whenever it gets here, I don't want to use LN.. I want to use bitcoin. 
This has screwed up the whole point of bitcoin in my eyes. LN is the opposite of what was promised. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 10:00:12
I'm not sure though- rational actors or not - if bad choices are made, a blockchain will suffer one way or another. It may even all die off (like an extinction event) and have to start over until participants realize that there is only one correct narrow path to balance it to maturity.  The more forks the weaker each chain becomes.   I am still not sure if I get it right but according to many counters out there, the whole bitcoin network has only like 9000 nodes? Does that mean I can install a custom node software on 10000 computers that rejects all but some custom for blockchain  blocks and I can just overpower the consensus with that?
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:13:23
By refusing to adapt to growing number of users, BTC Core has made it so unless you use lightning, transactions on regular BTC network are slow and expensive to the point they are unusable - like right now
@_date: 2017-08-21 21:49:11
This is all propaganda .. there are no sources. Someone trying to convince everyone that instead of using bitcoin like we were all excited about for years, we should use some centralized other system that who knows how will play out and likely turn into another pay pal , visa shitshow.
@_date: 2017-08-20 15:38:46
Unless the fees become so high, no regular person will be able to "Route around them" because it will be cost prohibitive and only large volume players will be the only ones that can afford it.
Its taking us back right to the fuckin place we were supposed to be SAVED From.. god damnit
@_date: 2017-08-21 17:53:31
My problem is that you can't stick to bitcoin - you have to now join up with some lightening network or other 2nd layer garbage.  I think thats way more risky than big blocks because its a whole separate thing from bitcoin
@_date: 2017-08-21 11:16:16
but wont that be conterbalanced by grater participation of miners and those operating nodes?  Has anyone actually done a calculation projection of how much combined processing power is needed to support 10% of worlds population? 20% , 50% 100%?   and how blocksize increases affect that projection?   Unless this is done, there is actually no proof that LN is needed. It is possible that simply the right balance of block size, full nodes and mining cpu is needed to support the system at any capacity. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:02:13
It's not a flaw. You have to consider how very very early in the game it is. What percentage of people on earth use bitcoin? 0.000001%?
Do more than 5% even know what it is?
When the scale picks up and a significant percentage of people use it - then the gaps in size of networks will be so big all the alt-coins will die off - simply because they are not necessary. 
If bitcoin is maintained open and decentralized, there is no additional utility any other coin will offer other than an inferior service with worse performance ... there will be literally no point
@_date: 2017-08-14 20:06:41
thats not the question
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:24:15
With current state of BTC transaction efficiency, LN is a system that encourages centralization of transaction processing through HUB nodes which are rich enough to settle on the block chain in large volumes which poor users can use to process transactions to avoid paying those fees. In exchange, they will pay the HUB node a smaller fee per transaction.   This gives the rich more leverage over the poor but also, makes the HUB nodes a target for "evil miners" who we were told are the reason LN is needed instead of larger blocks.   So now the miners can blacklist HUB node wallet adresses (which will be easy to spot on the blockchain due to their high volume of transactions; settlements from all their clients) - and by blacklisting them they will effectively disrupt the transaction of all dependent channels by attacking one wallet address. 
This way, LN is not only fundamentally divergent from the philosophical goals of bitcoin as many view them to be, but also creates a system which can be exploited by the wealthy and simultaneously create additional risk from miners seeking to disrupt the system as we were warned they would do with larger block sizes. 
@_date: 2017-10-17 12:25:07
The saying "2 heads are better than 1" totally does NOT apply in computer science. Think of it in terms of chess.  Consider Satoshi as Gary Kasparov. Do you think 400 random chess players  have any better chance of beating Kasparov than one does? Unless one of them has the skill of Kasparov,  the combined knowledge of lesser skill does not magically yeild a better chess player.  If none of them are as good as Kasparov than all together can't either.  This is fundamentally also the reason computer security is so hard on the defensive side. If you have one Gary Kasparov attacking you , you have to have a whole perimeter defense staffed by someone as good as Kasparov - which is impossible.  
@_date: 2017-10-18 04:19:49
this is dangerous / sad - still to a majority of people on earth this will seem more "legitimate" 
