@_author: innomen
@_date: 2018-01-28 06:07:44
A wallet someone is in possession of with a lost password.
@_date: 2018-01-28 06:18:13
I feel like I'm being trolled. 
Let me try a different way.
Imagine a USB stick with a bitcoin wallet on it, inside that wallet is 1 BTC. You're essentially holding a bitcoin are you not? Like one might hold a dollar bill.
I meant it's in a sense exactly like a physical bitcoin that never gets destroyed/redeemed isn't it?
I just feel bad for the people that can literally be holding bitcoins and yet the have no value. Also it's just weird. 
The analogy would be more like a safe you know for a fact is full of cash but can't open. 
If someone offered to sell a safe with a million dollars in it, for 1 dollar, and you could prove its in there, but could never open it, are you really saying no one would buy it? Like the money because it's in a safe forever now has no value?
If so, then how is it money in safes right now has any value? That's almost a weird existential Schrodinger's cat type claim to me, like it doesn't become money till it's actually outside the safe.
Also, are we seriously saying that these wallets can NEVER be opened? Like, objectively never. Like at no point will there be a future computer power enough to do it? Even if the trapped coin was worth a trillion dollars by then? Come on. So in that sense lost pass wallets still have to have some non zero value don't they? Why not repurpose them as physical exchange only bearer instruments? Assuming of course that's even possible, though I grant that as far as I can tell it isn't.
@_date: 2018-01-28 06:30:59


Spent is not even close to the same thing as lost, obviously I'm not saying empty wallets should serve as the basis for physical coins.


But you don't know that till you open it... You're trusting that company in a number of ways. You're trusting them not to clone "dimes" for starters. For all we know they have a master list of the private keys to every dime they make for some future one time steal'm all and disappear tactic. (mtgox comes to mind)
Which is fine. I trust a company with my life every time I get in a car. That's not the problem. My thing here is why can't we do something similar with "permanently" locked wallets?
See also: 
@_date: 2018-01-26 22:46:21
I own and use a nano s. I get these basics, I'm just wanting to make sure I understand correctly why recycling dead wallets as permanent physical bitcoins can't work. Because if I'm wrong, that would be good news. We'd have a basis for physical bitcoins and people with lost wallets would have reason to hope.
Even if the physical versions had to have some sort of central authority (like how banks manage printed cash and gold) that would be better than a total loss wouldn't it?
Put another way, I wouldn't mind owning dead wallets loaded with coin, if I could be sure it wasn't copied or going to be copied.
Like would it be possible to even start verifying such a purchase?
I worry my communication skills are not sufficient to express what I'm trying to express here hehe.
@_date: 2018-01-29 23:52:08
So if I encased the Mona Lisa in opaque lucite, it's suddenly worth literally nothing? Ok. /shrugs (That ok sounded snarky but it wasn't meant to. If this is how value literally works, despite being irrational, then ok. I'm just surprised.)
You guys keep repeating obvious stuff as if that has relevance. Yes a BTC you can send is worth a BTC, wow, what a revelation. I never thought of that &gt;.&gt; 
I can't be the only one that would buy a locked wallet IF it could be proven it was (and would continue to be) the only one. At that point the question becomes price point.
Could that ever be proven? (Because if so it would seem like the basis of a physical currency.)
@_date: 2018-05-16 13:34:41
Wow... So did that not happen? Or is it happening slowly? Is ledger gonna make a stand alone? Have they already and I just missed it?
So many questions XD
@_date: 2018-05-19 00:33:19
That's fine, just so long as I'm not bound to a specific piece of hardware in the event of a catastrophe. Thank you :)
@_date: 2018-05-16 13:33:33
Doesn't that process require another nano? 
I'll search around in either case. Thank you.