@_author: insertobject
@_date: 2013-10-21 23:13:35
Coinbase is absolutely ridiculous. Do not use them at all. There team is very small and they have absolutely poor infrastructure to deal with financial transactions. Absolutely no way to contact their support for emergencies. Their normal support takes days-weeks to respond and only ever returns "we're sorry... blah blah bah, try this instead..." instead of fixing the actual issue.
Their verification methods are buggy. I tried to verify my account through the debit/deposit method and ended up with only debit on my account. After an entire month of going back and forth with them and verifying with my own bank multiple times, I decided to use their instant method (which oddly enough they seem to keep pushing me to do).
I changed my credentials before using this method since I didn't have too high of confidence in their service at this point.
Then I made my first order to find out that I would have to wait an entire week to clear. I figured that I have the exchange rate locked in so it's not a big deal.
4 hours before my transaction is supposed to clear, I get a response saying the transaction is "high risk" and is being canceled.
I looked around, and according to their blog, it's an automated system. If it's an automated system, why does this system need to wait an entire week? It can get flagged within a few minutes and I can take my money elsewhere.
I had my funds tied to this transaction for an entire week and now I guess I lost out on a substantial investment opportunity. I wonder if my transaction would still have been "high risk" if BTC dropped $40 instead of went up $40. At this point I guess I have no recourse.
I was under the impression that this would be a fairly smooth way to obtain Bitcoins, but I was grossly mistaken. I wish I had done the proper research first and avoided this abhorrent service, before giving them any of my financial information.
Oh and did I mention that my bank account is still debited (without any credits) from their verification and they refuse to do anything about it? I wonder if this is one of the ways they make money.
@_date: 2013-11-16 02:37:16
I hardly find Coinbase neither fair or secure. They can flag a transaction as "high risk" but still allow the same account to make another attempt to purchase without additional verification. 
As for fair... read the TOS yourself. The TOS is openly hostile towards customers and allows them to do anything they want with 1 week pending transactions. And they have shown that they are very much willing to abuse it.
Their unwillingness to fulfill mistakenly canceled transactions is very fishy. They essentially used customers money as a fractional loan for themselves to buy BTC off an exchange.
They also state that the customer buys BTC directly from Coinbase when that is not the case. This is evident by reading Coinbase blog that attempts to explain cancelled orders. This is also evident since the price always hovers at some margine over BitStamp and when BitStamp goes down, buy/sell/tickers all stop working.
@_date: 2013-11-16 02:16:03
Between me and someone else, we have had 1 successful purchase from Coinbase out of 3.
My first order was canceled and after 3 weeks of emails with customer service, they threw the TOS in my face, pretty much saying they can do whatever they want with the transactions. Very professional behavior. It's plenty apparent that they are willing to abuse their TOS section on high risk transactions for personal gain.
The other person I had one successful order. She placed another order with them a few weeks after the first order was confirmed. The price spiked sharply and her order was canceled after the promised transaction completion time. She received an email canceling the transaction 4 hours after when Coinbase stated that they would deliver the BTC. A support ticket has been sent, but honestly I don't think Coinbase will honor it.
Coinbase' TOS is hostile towards customers. It allows them to classify every single transaction as "high risk" at will. Usually companies use this as a CYA, but it seems that Coinbase is abusing this for personal gain.