@_author: insette
@_date: 2017-01-12 20:11:27


This is just SN talking about a hypothetical dishonest mining majority. SN describes this scenario as not being within Bitcoin's security model. Instead, the genius behind Bitcoin was to give potential dishonest mining majorities financial incentive to remain honest.
Your point about SPV being incomplete would ring more true if Greg Maxwell and the BC developers had been moving in that direction this whole time, the direction being that of datacenters with full nodes run by specialists and most users running SPV wallets with the stated feature requirements. Instead the stated feature requirements are a mere distraction: no member of the BC power brokers has any intention to follow Satoshi's vision for massively scaling mainnet.
@_date: 2017-01-12 18:53:52


It's no contradiction: there is no intermediary involved in Satoshi's envisioned Bitcoin system where most people run light wallets.
For example, who are you trusting to run Bitsquare in SPV mode? OpenBazaar? Breadwallet? Your coins are not entrusted to *anyone*. Where is the intermediary?
Usenet's fate is a red herring; it's anyone's guess why Usenet lost to sites like Demonoid and other torrent trackers.
@_date: 2017-01-13 23:04:05
[Ethereum stats]( [Bitcoin stats](
To your credit, you do have a point, in USD terms Ethereum is doing only 3% or so of Bitcoin's daily transaction volume. But my point is if you were to reverse the two, and assume a competitor such as Ethereum had 97% of global transaction volume while Bitcoin had 3%, that it would be a problem for Bitcoin. How could Bitcoin be "digital gold" when it's mining ecosystem isn't even half the size of its biggest competitor?  Since when was gold considered frail and unuseful in transaction settlement?
The dominant blockchain is Bitcoin today, and it needs to stay that way.
@_date: 2017-01-12 23:29:27
What do we have to do make this a reality, Luke?
@_date: 2017-01-14 15:58:21
In 2013, Counterparty was created by PhantomPhreak (a pseudonym). His idea was to extend Bitcoin with securities trading, futures and options, prediction markets and smart contracts.
These innovations were popularly lusted after in the BC development community. Quoting BC developer [Mark Friedenbach](


The quote demonstrates that the BC developers are well aware of the potential of these features, including the potential of these features to eclipse Bitcoin's current traffic, perhaps even *quickly*.
But, in order for Counterparty to provide these features, features which are outside the capabilities of Bitcoin, it has to make one key sacrifice. Since BTC can't be controlled natively by smart contracts for securities/options/futures/prediction markets, in order to implement these features, you must fit a fundamentally new trading engine inside of Bitcoin. And since the engine needs to have its own concept of smart contract coins, it fundamentaly also needs its own ledger. Counterparty's ledger is on top of Bitcoin's ledger, but the ledgers are necessarily *isolated* from one another.
Still, since Counterparty's ledger is on top of Bitcoin's ledger, you can't use Counterparty's ledger without also paying Bitcoin miners. Counterparty is a ledger within a ledger, and the BC developers have major reservations against this technique, known as "embedded consensus".
In fact, some of the biggest names in Bitcoin including Greg Maxwell, Mark Freidenbach, Jorge Timon and Luke Jr have all called the nature of Counterparty's ledger within a ledger "abusive" and "parasitic", and have gone far out of their way to discourage Counterparty's usage by the public.
For example, Greg Maxwell even went so far as to snub Counterparty in his [Capacity Increases for the Bitcoin system]( address to the BC development community, stating quote:


Again, the BC developers are fully aware of the potential of smart contracts: they just don't like how Counterparty achieves it. The BC developers constantly snub Counterparty, despite the fact that Counterparty works today bringing the very capacities they themselves are interested in developing to Bitcoin mainnet. Conveniently, those developers formed Blockstream, and are now pushing *sidechains* as the pre-eminent implementation of Counterparty.
@_date: 2017-01-14 22:33:17
@_date: 2017-01-14 17:01:40
I doubt if that's what it will come to; there will always likely be proof of work involved in the cryptocurrency space, but it's an interesting point. Does it really matter if 97% of transaction volume globally is going elsewhere besides Bitcoin if it's going to pure proof of stake coins? I'm not sure, but yes, if 97% of transaction volume globally is going elsewhere besides Bitcoin, regardless of proof of stake, Bitcoin's mining ecosystem will be adversely impacted, if nothing else in terms of mindshare and competitiveness.
Bitcoiners have long described Vitalik Buterin's technology as unnecessary and/or impossible. But I think Vitalik's track record speaks for itself.
@_date: 2017-01-12 19:34:43


False: in SPV wallets like Electrum, the server can't make the client believe they've received BTC when they have not received any BTC. Servers may only *lie by omission*, but you can simply connect to a new server on command (or just run your own).
The resulting model carried to its conclusion is quasi [AnyTrust]( where all it takes is for one server to be run honestly for the system's security to be upheld for connecting clients. Coincidentally, the Anytrust security model also works to scale embedded consensus systems like Counterparty, and as stated numerous times Counterparty combined with Satoshi's vision of scaling Bitcoin in datacenters with full nodes run by specialists competes against Blockstream and Ethereum on the basis of Bitcoin's strengths. Unsurprisingly, since this is how Satoshi wanted Bitcoin to move forward.
@_date: 2017-01-08 21:18:41
Today I learned [Eric Lombrozo was on the founding team of Ethereum]( Unless Lombrozo negotiated for payment in BTC or worked for the Ethereum Foundation without being paid any ETH, then we have to add this to the litany of possible COIs common amongst BC developers who have for the most part forsaken mainnet scaling.
"Mainnet can't scale, except if it's Ethereum because I'm invested in ETH".
"Bitcoin can't do non-monetary transactions, except if it's sidechains because I'm invested in Blockstream".
@_date: 2017-01-10 06:23:58


That's a luxury, and I doubt if many of us are willing to pay much of a price for that luxury: Ethereum hit 20% of Bitcoin's market cap and is currently doing 20% of Bitcoin's transaction volume on a daily basis. This is a problem for Bitcoin. This is a problem much moreso I would argue than the ability of Gentoo loving C++ programmers to run a full node on a home desktop computer.


I'd rather not have to trust Greg Maxwell and the BC developers aren't steering Bitcoin mainnet in a direction that could cost BTC holders rather dearly financially speaking. For bitcoin to be "digital gold", it can't be solely useful to scofflaws; Bitcoin must open itself up to enterprise use cases so that BTC may be adopted heavily in commerce, leading to flourishing BTC transaction fees getting paid to Bitcoin miners, decentralizing the mining ecosystem and making Bitcoin stand out above the competition as the most secure and immutable open blockchain framework in existence.
@_date: 2017-01-12 18:36:28
I *know* it's "uncalled for" in these times to cite Satoshi Nakamoto, creator of the Bitcoin system, since his views clash with those of the BC power brokers. Yet I did anyway, and additionally I'll back up my statements with direct quotes from Friedenbach and Timon.
Keep in mind that, at the time these quotes were being made by Friedenbach and Timon, Blockstream wasn't public knowledge; both Friedenbach and Timon were Blockstream cofounders at this time, unbeknownst to us. Notice how they call Counterparty quote "abusive" and "parasitic":
















- Mark Friedenbach, 2014 ([Source](


- Jorge Timon, 2014 ([Source](












- Mark Friedenbach, 2014 ([Source](
I'd implore The Control to do a followup interview with Back and Maxwell, asking them for their subjective opinion of Counterparty. Greg Maxwell has been [rather candid]( about this subject on Reddit.


And once SPV is "finished" by your exacting standards, *surely* you'll support BIP101 for scaling Bitcoin in datacenters with full nodes run by specialists as envisioned by Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2017-01-12 18:51:12
Today, Bitcoin commands the *lion's share* of transaction volume across all blockchains. However, Ethereum is doing 20% of Bitcoin's daily transaction volume; Bitcoin's dominance is obviously slipping and this is bad for Bitcoin:
If Bitcoin's share of the global transaction volume is allowed to fade, Bitcoin miners will be rewarded less for mining Bitcoin and more for mining the competition, bolstering the competition. At that point the security argument starts slipping and pretty soon the whole digital gold appeal has no more basis in fact. How can Bitcoin ever be digital gold if it doesn't have the strongest mining ecosystem based on retaining the lion's share of transaction fees globally?
Satoshi Nakamoto envisioned specialists running all full nodes so as to maximize Bitcoin mainnet's performance, ensuring Bitcoin miners are well paid and keeping Bitcoin's competition in check. Unfortunately, Gentoo loving C++ programmers aren't going to be able to run a full node on a home desktop under Satoshi's vision. However, that price may well be worth paying if it stops Bitcoin from becoming bested by a competitor.
@_date: 2017-01-10 16:21:09


First, I am **heavily invested** in BTC.
Counterparty XCP is an investment product, the fuel for smart contracts run on the Counterparty network. Each and every Counterparty transaction, from merely placing a bid or ask on its decentralized E-trade like exchange, or paying BTC dividends to holders of a Counterparty asset, requires paying Bitcoin miners to field the transaction. Counterparty is an enterprise user of BTC: each Counterparty transaction bolsters the BTC income of Bitcoin miners by adding to Bitcoin mainnet's transactional demand.


No, but what I *have* said is that CryptoVenmo would be based on USDX, a national currency backed Counterparty asset that would eliminate the need to sit down each person we're interested in having adopt BTC and explain to them the pitfalls of central banking subsequent to hard selling them on a major investment. There would be no investment component to USDX, CryptoVenmo would be a better Venmo. Critically, to use USDX for anything would require owning tiny amounts of BTC to pay to Bitcoin miners, vastly increasing Bitcoin's reach.
@_date: 2017-01-10 03:19:37


Fairly recently, during the height of one of the mempool spikes, I couldn't use [Bitsquare]( a decentralized Bitcoin exchange, because it was taking 18 hours for my transaction to confirm on the blockchain. Bitsquare trades have a 24 hour timeout to avoid crippling and horrific user experiences to whatever extent possible in a decentralized environment.
When blocks are perpetually backlogged and transaction fees rise, Bitsquare users and market makers take it on the chin: if it costs $0.50 to settle a transaction on the blockchain, that adds up to a major cost of trading. If trades are delayed long enough, the platform flat out stops working. This cripples Bitsquare's liquidity making it much less useful than centralized alternatives.
And the thing is, I do $1000+ trades *routinely* on Bitsquare. This incident went to show me that when low value transactions are backed up inevitably *high value* transactions get delayed as well. Then you have to think about OpenBazaar whose developers routinely give feedback about Lightning: that forcing the merchant nodes to be online at all times was the biggest complaint amongst OB vendors and was a large impetus for rewriting OB server to use ipfs.
Bitsquare and OB are Bitcoin's truest patrons, with the least COIs that I can think of, and in both cases their product is crippled when Bitcoin mainnet is crippled.
Unfortunately, we may not be able to avoid taking away full nodes from Gentoo loving C++ programmers who are infatuated with running nodes on desktop; but that could be what it takes to scale Bitcoin to mainstream success, this was Satoshi's plan all along and if Bitcoin doesn't do that, you are absolutely guaranteed to see at least one other coin attempt that path, and grow bigger doing the things that Bitcoin has come this far doing so excellently.
@_date: 2017-01-12 17:41:46
Very well sourced article. But the developers of btcd [proved back in 2014]( that we can scale Bitcoin mainnet to 2000+ tps by going with clustered full nodes in datacenters, which is a common approach taken in scientific computing and is coincidentally *identical* to how Satoshi suggested Bitcoin should scale (with most users running light wallets, while specialists would run all the full nodes).


[Satoshi again](


SN's plans have never been rebuked by anyone, yet they've clearly been de-prioritized for scaling plans favored by Greg Maxwell and the BC power brokers.


You could run the most successful Bitcoin startup in the world, own 1,000,000 BTC and develop an alternative full node costing you millions of dollars to lay out; and yet your views on how to scale Bitcoin would not be actionable on mainnet without the consent of a subgroup of power brokers within BC led by Greg Maxwell, who has a (real or perceived) conflict of interest against scaling Bitcoin mainnet.


Adam Back, Greg Maxwell, Jorge Timon and Mark Friedenbach have given [Counterparty]( absolute hell for years because Counterparty has provided these features on top of Bitcoin mainnet with a one way peg since January 2014. Counterparty flew in the face of Blockstream's vision of two way pegs and sidechains doing the same things that Counterparty is doing on mainnet already.
Bitcoin has *been extended* to support other digital assets a la Ethereum; it's just that power brokers within BC staunchly oppose the technology enabling it, giving the impression to developers that mainnet approaches to achieving these ends are off limits.


Sidechains *are* "other blockchains", too. Bitcoin mainnet has already been [extended]( to support the things Blockstream would prefer to do on sidechains, and it would work perfectly well assuming Satoshi's vision where full nodes are run by specialists would be adhered to.
@_date: 2017-01-12 18:42:43
Indeed, the parallel between Red Hat's systemd and a Bitcoin ecosystem forced to grow entangled with sidechains at the top down direction of bought and paid for industry is *very clear*.
@_date: 2017-01-10 21:20:32


All forms of money work this way. You wouldn't accept a money if you didn't believe it were possible to exchange that money for things you want in the future.
@_date: 2017-01-11 04:17:19




Malware on the client is the only way BTC in a light wallet can be stolen from you.
SSL connections, onion hosting and proxies can resoundingly defeat an MITM.
Sybil is more of a problem for bloom filtering SPV clients. With Electrum you don't have to trust the server because it's open source and you can connect to your own dedicated instance. You can download the blockheaders only from your own trusted server, or you can get them from several different servers and compare for secure operation.


Then you are willing to agree that as soon as someone "finishes SPV", you will support Gavin Andresen's BIP 101?


It's OK if OpenBazaar just isn't your thing. But you'll care when services like Bitsquare and OpenBazaar catch on in the greater marketplace for cryptocurrency and Bitcoin is left in the dust as this type of innovation attracts merchants, traders and users to competing platforms.


Do you realize Ethereum is *regularly* doing 20% of Bitcoin's daily transaction volume? This is exactly the kind of thinking that is going to prevent Bitcoin from retaining the lion's share of total blockchain transaction fees. The complacency here is just out of control. You could be talking about an event that costs Bitcoin miners tens of millions, and it's sure to prod the smart ones over to mine the competition.


Greg Maxwell and the BC developers have no right to unilaterally declare which transactions are a fair use and which aren't. Even if he were willing to become Bitcoin's sole administer, Greg Maxwell wouldn't have the desire to interject a fair use policy on Bitcoin's blockchain. Mind you if he did that it would be straight out of a dystopian thriller.


What's better than Bitsquare and OpenBazaar? With Coinbase pivoting to supporting multiple cryptcurrencies, are you so sure you have the right to be entitled to perfect products built on your blockchain, that developers building on top of Bitcoin can be verbally abused or even actively discriminated against, regularly getting called "parasites" by people with absurd conflicts of interest?


No, the plan of SN has been laid before your eyes. Blockstream has heavy influence in BC development politics and they have a clear conflict of interest against Bitcoin mainnet scaling as suggested by SN, which is evidenced by their rejection of BIP101 in favor of a soft fork that doesn't solve the problem except through their own preferred solutions.


Solutions to what? The fact that China accounts for easily over 50% of Bitcoin's hash power? The fact that Bitcoin developers are unpaid, forever necessitating external entities like *Blockstream* with real and perceived COIs from funding BC developers? Was it the fact that Bitcoin's biggest investors, customers and business owners can't get any representation whatsoever in Bitcoin regardless of how many BTC they own?
If [Bitcoin's biggest challenges]( are what you mean by problems worth solving, then yes, I'm doing my part to find the solution.
@_date: 2017-01-10 16:53:21


I hear Freicoin is 100% decentralized: two out of the two people invested in it run full nodes. And yet, no one cares, because no one uses Freicoin. Freicoin has no network effect.
"Decentralization is what gives Bitcoin its value" just like "gold's use in electronics is what gives gold its value". Completely incorrect.


Nobody is faulting the developers for taking it slow and steady. It's that Greg Maxwell and the BC developers don't want to follow Satoshi Nakamoto's suggestion to scale Bitcoin mainnet with full nodes run by specialists in datacenters. If we were slowly and steadily aiming towards that, there would be no issues.
@_date: 2017-01-10 21:35:00


You'll have to send me the story about Peter Todd, but good SPV wallets like Electrum are not vulnerable to this attack. Servers can lie by omission but they cannot make you think you have received coins when you have not received them.


You nor anyone else, Greg Maxwell included, have ever rebuked SN's proposed method of scaling. What we have seen are federated sidechains and previews of LN. Meanwhile real world OpenBazaar vendors complain about needing to have their store online all the time for it work, which prompted the OB devs to [rewrite OB server to use ipfs]( Bitsquare and Counterparty's decentralized exchanges get severely damaged by high fees and unpredictable mainnet confirmations.
Who says SN's proposals were flawed? You haven't debunked SN nor will you ever convince me that your plan is superior to SN's plan.
@_date: 2017-01-12 04:28:18


Dedicated instance implies an always-online server.
And really, light clients can much more easily afford going offline periodically since they were designed to need very little data, which is akin to how modern banking apps function. Again, another example of Satoshi Nakmoto's suggestion for how to scale Bitcoin, with most users running such apps and full nodes being run by specialists in datacenters.
With the level of scale envisioned by Satoshi, it's just not reasonable for most users to run a full node on their home computer, especially since they would be turning them off and on, which implies syncing them for hours and hours. It's a bad experience *today* even at 1MB blocks, and we need *much* bigger blocks than this unless Bitcoin will be entirely reliant on sidechains and Lightning for growth. Which I'm sure you'll agree is awfully convenient for Blockstream.


Do you really think block size protectionism will stop investors from pooling funds for ultra high efficiency datacenters equipped for PoW mining? PoW mining is hopelessly centralized already. There's no going back now: companies are even setting up GPU datacenters and mining altcoins professionally. PoW centralization is simply not technically solveable within the confines of Bitcoin's current consensus system.


And what "price" is that? More usage of Bitcoin, such as that given to Bitcoin by Counterparty, is a reward in and of itself for anyone who supports Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-12 19:13:04
Alice sends Bob BTC from Alice's Breadwallet on iOS to Bob's Electrum on Windows.
Where is the intermediary?
There is no intermediary: Bitcoin is a peer-to-peer electronic cash system, and this is how SN envisioned Bitcoin would scale, with most users running light wallet and specialists running full nodes in datacenters.
@_date: 2017-01-13 02:59:15


Yes, and that's precisely what Mark Friedenbach was saying: "some of us are even convinced this could happen quickly."
@_date: 2017-01-10 18:45:58


Who do I have to trust to use OpenBazaar in SPV mode? Who do I have to trust to use BitSquare in SPV mode?
Who do I have to trust to use Counterparty from Electrum?
This was how SN wanted to scale Bitcoin.


Then why would Satoshi have suggested it numerous times? [First]( here:


[Then here](


You don't trust anyone with your money by using a light wallet which you control the private keys to. This is the Bitcoin experience that people have come to cherish. Not a *full node* running on Linux desktop. That's a tiny minority of the Bitcoin using populace.


Ever heard of sugar coating it? That's what Satoshi was doing. He said undeniably that most full nodes will be run by specialists in datacenters. It was and remains to this day a viable way of scaling Bitcoin mainnet to mainstream success.
@_date: 2017-01-10 05:41:15


Bitcoin (with a capital B) is a distributed consensus system and payment rail. "Little b" bitcoin (BTC) is the mutual token of exchange for people who are using Bitcoin for payment and remittances.
BTC is also the entry token to the distributed consensus system. For an example of an application of Bitcoin that uses Bitcoin as a distributed consensus system, check out [Counterparty]( In short, it uses Bitcoin like people play arcade games: insert token (BTC), but instead of playing a video game, do a stock trade, or bet on sports. Etc. It's pretty much like a distributed E-trade brokerage built on Bitcoin, or InTrade that is censorship resistant.
@_date: 2017-01-09 23:31:08


I don't mean any offense to Freicoin, but it's basically only Mark Friedenbach and Jorge Timon who use it, and unsurpisingly they both run full nodes. Since two out of two people who are invested in Freicoin run full nodes, Freicoin is *100% decentralized*. And yet, no one cares:
**There is no money without network effects**. Bigger is better when it comes to money. The Gentoo loving C++ programmers, great at programming as they may be, who are infatuated with full nodes simply do not account for the majority of users of a money.
In addition, Bitcoin isn't just a money in a vacuum. The miners need to be paid to mine, and Bitcoin must retain the lion's share of the grand total transaction fees paid to miners across all blockchains, else it will lose hashrate to competitors, and with less hashrate, bitcoin's security argument starts slipping and at that point the whole argument that Bitcoin is digital gold goes out the window.
@_date: 2017-01-07 19:31:00
"Capital B" Bitcoin is a distributed consensus and payment platform. "Lowercase b" bitcoin (BTC) is how entities pay to take advantage of Bitcoin's services, those being on-demand distributed consensus or timestamping, and/or payments.
The sum total transaction fees paid by entities using Bitcoin's service framework are rewarded to miners.
The total transaction fees paid into the Bitcoin system by entities using the system is, at least today, *far* greater than the total transaction fees going to all other competing blockchains. But there is no guarantee that Bitcoin will retain the lion's share of the grand total transaction fees paid across all blockchains, and if Bitcoin's share falters, it could be a defining moment for Bitcoin, and not in a good way.
Today, Ethereum is doing 20% of Bitcoin's transaction volume, which is why some of us are so concerned that the BC developers are forsaking mainnet technologies like [Counterparty]( that deliver mainnet innovations a la Ethereum, bringing transaction fees that would otherwise be going to the competition back to Bitcoin mainnet.
To summarize, "lowercase b" bitcoin (BTC) is an investment product, the fundamental demand of which is measured in the form of fee-paying transactions to Bitcoin miners. Bitcoin needs to retain the lion's share of the grand total transaction fees paid across all blockchains to remain the dominant blockchain service framework in the future, which is very pertinent to investors and hodlers. The sum total fees paid to Bitcoin miners constitute Bitcoin's fundamental demand, and it is this fundamental demand for BTC which sustains the system in the long run.
@_date: 2017-01-13 22:36:24


The sum total amount of transaction fees paid across all blockchains globally constitutes the fundamental demand for blockchain transactions: this is the closest approximation we have to the true value people and enterprises are getting out of "the technology" as it were.
As an early investor in Counterparty, a technology that has been practically speaking *exiled* from Bitcoin (despite being built on top of it) and told by cults of personality that it has no right to exist, I am frankly not all that appreciative of heartfelt gestures that paper over the true happenings and history of Bitcoin. When pundits paper over the facts, future users are deprived of historical context, and make less informed decisions.
It's critical for investors and users of these technologies to realize that, in order to stay the biggest and best blockchain, your blockchain must command the lion's share of transaction fees across all blockchains. That is how "the technology" *works*. Miners are the lifeblood of this type of technology. If Ethereum were doing five times Bitcoin's transaction volume, the entities mining Ethereum would be paid more than the entities mining Bitcoin, bolstering Ethereum.
If you don't think this is a serious issue, simply carry it out to its conclusion: if Bitcoin was doing *2%* of the global transaction volume, why would you mine Bitcoin instead of the (far more profitable) competition? Where would Bitcoin's security come from then?
This is a technology with big winners, and despite all the heartfelt things that are said publicly, the competitors in this industry are always jostling for position.
@_date: 2017-01-12 23:37:30
Well, since you've decided to grammar nazi me, please allow me to explain. Take these SN quotes for example:


Notice how SN says this is what we'll use. This is what we'll do, implying action.


Again notice the actionable *should start running client-only software*.
I'm not sure how much more clear SN could've been: he intended Bitcoin to scale in datacenters with full nodes run by specialists. It's absolutely *undeniable*.


Devil's advocate: if you disagree with Satoshi, shouldn't you get your own coin?
@_date: 2017-01-14 03:14:50


By "Bitcoin", I'll have to assume you mean *the blockchain* linguistically genericized (Coke, Kleenex for US-Americans).
Ethereum is doing 20% of Bitcoin's daily transaction volume. *Routinely*. It hit 20% of Bitcoin's market cap at one point. This is not a joke. It is not 2012. Bitcoin has real competitors, and they're proving you wrong day in, day out.


Sigh. It's a P2P electronic cash system. We've been here before. I'm sure this is so painful to even bear witness to that I'm tempted to spare readers the argument.
You're wrong. The total transaction fees paid to Bitcoin miners puts a ceiling on the amount of energy that can be profitably burned for securing the Bitcoin network in the long run. It just so happens that 99% of the BTC subsidy will be gone by the year 2033, so less than two decades from now, **share of global fees** will determine Bitcoin's budget for hash power.
If another coin gets ahold of the lion's share of transaction fees instead of Bitcoin, that means Bitcoin can no longer be described as the most secure coin. Its blockchain won't be the best blockchain. Its money, won't be the best (most valuable) money.
When I bought BTC, I wasn't buying the second best money, or the third best money, or the *tenth* best money. Quite probably, neither were you. And so, in order to keep our money the best money, we must ensure Bitcoin retains the lion's share of transaction fees globally.
By being the best global money, Bitcoin will also be the most *decentralized* global money, because BTC will be used in commerce by a huge proportion of the transacting global populace. Satoshi predicted that most full nodes would be run by specialists in datacenters to get here, and that's what is best for Bitcoin and Bitcoin holders.
In light of this, Bitcoin can't afford to turn away developers who build BTC fee paying projects on top of Bitcoin mainnet, because assuming those projects are successful (like ETH's billion dollar valuation), Bitcoin must shephard the lion's share of their transactions in order to become the decentralized global money we all want it to be.
@_date: 2017-01-12 23:20:34


I never thought I'd see the day.
@_date: 2017-01-12 23:48:24


Right, which is why it's so troublesome to us at [Counterparty]( that Blockstream employees openly discriminate against non-monetary uses of Bitcoin mainnet despite their massive conflict of interest.
@_date: 2017-01-12 19:57:57


Quoting SN from [the whitepaper](






Bitcoin's security model rests on the assumption that the majority of hashrate is mining honestly. If full nodes are broken by a dishonest mining majority, the entire system is compromised, including, obviously, light wallets.


Colocate your own hardware there, or rent a dedicated instance.
"His comment about BitDNS" is irrelevant: Satoshi's plan was always to scale Bitcoin mainnet to datacenters with full nodes run by specialists.
@_date: 2017-01-05 00:47:11
If you hold your own metals, you'll want to hold your own bitcoin. It's the same principle (you don't want IOUs, and you don't want a bank holding your assets for you).
I'll assume this describes you. Download [Bitsquare]( Bitsquare is a P2P Bitcoin exchange which means it isn't a bank, and there's no account to sign up for. You simply make an Interac e-Transfer and get your first coins through the Bitsquare app.
The upshot of this route is that Bitsquare might be a lot faster than registering at an exchange. You won't have to set up an account with a new Bitcoin bank; you'd rather avoid banks anyway if you intend to hold your own BTC.
The lack of needing to set up a new bank account is basically why Bitsquare goes so much faster. But the downside is the spread on Bitsquare is higher than you'll see on most bank-based exchanges.
Not to spoil the moment, but for a first time buyer, you don't want to worry about the spread since you shouldn't buy more than a couple dollars worth. Definitely don't buy more than 1 BTC for your first time.
You should plan out how much you want to (eventually) invest in BTC, then plan out where you want to store that BTC. There aren't any decent Bitcoin wallets yet, so I'd recommend you just use Electrum, Electrum is no frills which means less of a chance of fucking things up. It also sets you up with a 12 word mnemonic seed which is how pretty much all wallets operate these days, so you need to get used to it.
@_date: 2017-01-08 22:39:38
It's not that simple. For example, VSlice is an ICO token that pays a dividend to the extent its associated gambling venue *VDice* is used by gamblers. There has to be a way to link gambling on the decentralized platform with the dividend payouts to ICO token holders, and with plain "colored coins", you have no way of doing that.
Importantly, turns out Bitcoin does have an answer to this, and it's called [Counterparty]( As you along with Greg Maxwell and Jorge Timon have been telling us to do Counterparty off of mainnet and as a sidechain since 2014, I'm absolutely sure you're familiar with Counterparty. But if you need to jog your memory, here's [what Greg Maxwell thinks of Counterparty](
Favoring your own solutions over existing solutions is picking winners and losers. What were you saying about "apolitical money", again? Please *do* go on.
@_date: 2017-01-12 22:22:49
[This]( is what happens when you make Bitcoin into a pure investment product, instead of focusing on applications of the technology. You get scammy forex cold callers hounding the elderly to reverse mortgage their homes in order to "buy in" to a poorly understood asset for its potential to appreciate in price alone.
It's straight out of *Boiler Room*.
@_date: 2017-01-13 01:22:18
Ethereum is currently doing 20% of Bitcoin's transaction volume. With the Counterparty approach, everything Ethereum is doing right now on a competing blockchain would become possible on top of Bitcoin. So we could take the 20% and growing share of Bitcoin's transactional volume, and steal it away from Bitcoin's competitors back to Bitcoin mainnet where it belongs.
Unless you think sidechains are going to put a stop to this once and for all, there's no other solution. Bitcoin doesn't have Ethereum like smart contracting capabilities built into it.


@_date: 2016-12-07 19:46:16


OK but the rest of us plebians can't realistically mine anymore. So the subsidy has effectively been monopolized by a few. Bitcoin is no more "fairly distributed" than Tesla stock these days. Which is fine by me, and I agree with the rest of your post. But if I may, might I suggest reading "[Bitcoin's biggest challenges]( I think you may be missing some important context when it comes to decentralized mining and decentralization of Bitcoin in general. It's interesting reading if nothing else.
@_date: 2016-11-06 02:12:26
We can file that one under *should've used a "better wallet"*. One with dynamic fee estimation.
Alert: i'm beating a dead horse
Question: What would happen to the fee if every wallet had dynamic fee estimation?
Answer: rise
Question: What would Bitcoin users think if the fees rose to $5 or more?
Answer: this is getting kind of expensive
This is why when people say "Should've paid enough fee", it's a copout. Unless you're ok paying $5 fees if not more.
@_date: 2017-01-14 16:12:55


I'm not sure why you would think the concept of transaction fees is unique to purely Proof of Work systems. Users still pay transaction fees in pure Proof of Stake systems. If 97% of all transaction fees are being paid to Bitcoin's competition, it's irrelevant if some of them are proof of stake.


Wishful thinking.


That would mean ordinary users would have to run light wallets, as predicted by Satoshi Nakamoto. Bitcoin was designed to scale this way. It would be truly gut wrenching if ignoramuses in Bitcoin allowed *Ethereum* to become closer to Satoshi's vision than Bitcoin itself based on misunderstandings of Bitcoin's history.


Have you seen a specification for Bitcoin? You know, developers outside of BC are very familiar with this ploy of yours: demand competitors produce a spec even when your own technology doesn't have one. In the early days of Counterparty, Luke-jr was telling us to get a BIP! You guys are *so cute*.


You don't have to own any XCP to use Counterparty. You can hold a Counterparty asset in a Bitcoin SPV wallet with zero modifications. The Counterparty asset in your wallet could pay you BTC dividends without you ever knowing Counterparty was involved. Furthermore, so long as federated sidechains are the best Greg Maxwell and the BC developers can come up with, and so long as you're comfortable giving your BTC to a consortium, you can do the same on Counterparty: simply exchange BTC for a derivative of BTC (BTCX) held by a consortium, and now you can utilize the full extent of Counterparty with BTCX. It's the same principle as sidechains, but it's based on Bitcoin mainnet.
@_date: 2017-01-10 06:09:25
That's a great way to present false choices to the public. Lend legitimacy to the idea that the potentially bought and paid for "scientific community" of Bitcoin has a couple of competing ideas of what constitutes decentralization; they'll just end up choosing the definition that suits their own politics the best and chances are none of the choices would be presented in good faith.
It's time people start to think for themselves about these issues. Transaction fees are what pay Bitcoin miners which sustains the system in the long run, and Bitcoin must retain the lion's share of those fees across all blockchains that exist to remain the dominant cryptocurrency in the future. Bitcoin doesn't really have a choice here: bigger is better when it comes to money and there's no way it's acceptable to jeopardize that ideal just so that Gentoo loving C++ programmers can continue running full nodes on home desktop computers.
@_date: 2016-12-27 00:59:41
Bitcoin miners are compensated for nulldata transactions just as well as they are compensated for multisig transactions or regular sends.
Conversely, Ethereum doesn't depend on Bitcoin in any way shape or form, and the Ethereum blockchain competes directly *against* Bitcoin's blockchain. Counterparty competes against Ethereum on the basis of Bitcoin's strengths.
Inserting a physical coin into an arcade game machine counts as a cash transaction. In Counterparty, instead of inserting a physical coin into an arcade game, you pay a de minimus amount of BTC to Bitcoin miners to publish nulldata on Bitcoin mainnet. Same principle. And this nulldata is safely pruned from full nodes.


It's wrong to stereotype users of a technology based on the actions of a few. For example, it's wrong when the IRS suggests that *all* Bitcoin users are tax evaders based on a few public Reddit posts claiming that Bitcoin is meant for illegally evading taxes. It's simply wrong.


Short of BC developers merging Ethereum features directly into Bitcoin mainnet, Counterparty competes only with *sidechains* and with Ethereum and other smart contract focused altcoins. Counterparty pays Bitcoin miners for its survival. Ethereum does not. Litecoin does not. Etc. Now, obviously all cryptocurrencies are investment products, and each cryptocurrency competes against the rest for investment capital. Is that really so bad?


For most use cases of Counterparty, like getting paid BTC dividends directly to your Bitcoin cold storage wallets, you don't need to be running a Counterparty client at all. It can happen entirely offline. Full nodes are only truly important for enterprise users to run, the rest of us will just run Bitcoin SPV wallets.
In addition, you don't need a full node for *Token Controlled Access*, you just need to sign a message from a regular Bitcoin address that happens to be holding a Counterparty asset in it.


Doesn't Blockstream intend to do asset issuance on its sidechains? Smart contracts? Prediction markets? Counterparty brings all this functionality and more to Bitcoin mainnet. These are trillion dollar markets, and we're competing against Blockstream and the Ethereum Foundation for a share of that pie.


You can have a functional fee market with low volume and high fees, or a functional fee market with high volume and low fees. The latter has the benefit of opening Bitcoin mainnet up to more use cases, and keeping Bitcoin affordable for light wallet users and enterprise users alike. The former cripples Counterparty, but it also cripples Bitsquare, OpenBazaar and normal users.


You should be happier that enterprising people *want* to ride on Bitcoin's coattails. It's a sign of success. However, I'm happy to report that based on your continued discriminatory policies against Counterparty, that I have begun supporting an alternative network that does not engage in such regrettable behavior.
@_date: 2016-11-22 04:09:33
The wallets. The exchanges and startup innovators. The SRs of the world. *These* are the leading Bitcoin services by popularity and they're naturally the biggest drivers of demand for Bitcoin transactions.
Now, holders of BTC may in fact lose political power should they not be able to run full nodes, but you don't *have to* run full nodes to put an effective check on the PoW miners' currently *unchecked* powers.
@_date: 2016-12-09 01:56:53


Without mining, you don't have Bitcoin. Bitcoin miners need to be sustained by transaction fees, without transaction fees you don't have miners and without miners you don't have Bitcoin. Without transaction fees, you have nothing. You don't have immutability, you don't have security, you lose, do not pass go, do not collect $200.


A store of value isn't a store of value unless the unit being stored *is tradeable for other forms of value*. Sum total fees paid to miners, to LN hubs, etc is more critical of a metric than market cap. Sum total fees paid equals real world usage of Bitcoin.
Store of value is a meaningless term if you don't stipulate usage as being a pre-requisite. A "store of value" without usage is an investment product without fundamentals, and without any fundamentals that investment product's market value will be greatly strained.


If your goal is to preserve the 21M supply cap, you need to strive for a more stratified consensus system than one that gives miners ability to unilaterally block consensus upgrades, or alternatively the ability to *browbeat* users into taking a suboptimal consensus upgrade. This is all covered in great detail in the article titled "[Bitcoin's biggest challenges](
If Bitcoin inexplicably caught on in a world where everyone on the planet ran a full node, they'd end up taking advice from experts or cults of personality as to which node upgrades to take and which not to. Specialization of full nodes is unavoidable regardless of what steps you take to avoid it. Wanting nodes to run on home computers forever in the hopes of preserving the 21M limit seems misguided, as software upgrades still inevitably come down to cults of personality. What is needed in any case is a stronger notion of [stratified consensus]( amongst stakeholders, PoW miners and developers.
@_date: 2016-11-19 23:47:49


PoW mining is and *will always be* centralized due to efficiencies of scale. There are only so many people who can afford a hydroelectric power plant or long term Power Purchase Agreement necessary to mine professionally.
This ship has sailed.
In [the words of Mike Belshe]( creator of HTTP/2.0 and CEO of Bitgo "we all want a decentralized system. But the blocksize isn’t the key here."
@_date: 2016-12-13 05:38:47


And industrial scale PoW miners in giant warehouses *won't*? How is that any different?
At least if sharehodlers had voting rights, you wouldn't need a hydroelectric power plant or long-term Power Purchase Agreement with a public utility to get representation. To be clear, I'm not saying you need to own 1M BTC to get voting rights, everyone would have voting rights. It's just coin votes are inherently weighted towards the interests of larger holders.


What happened to  "1 CPU, 1 Vote"? Bitcoin is supposedly based on users having representation in Bitcoin's consensus, but PoW mining has been monopolized by Chinese megafactories. I repeat, if you give sharehodlers voting rights, it just means you don't need a hydroelectric power plant to cryptographically exercise your opinion on where the protocol should be headed.
@_date: 2016-11-19 18:39:39


And Ethereum is the result of BC management *discriminating against* non-monetary use cases on the blockchain.
Clamping down on non-monetary use cases such as Counterparty "because it's an altcoin" has completely backfired: the on-chain censorship evidently results in a **true altcoin** that competes directly against Bitcoin taking 20% of Bitcoin's market share.
I really, really hope Rootstock can overcome adversity, because if it doesn't, this is extremely bad news. Ethereum can easily be done on top of Bitcoin, Counterparty proves that, and Counterparty is fully dependent on the BTC token for its transactions, which never threatens the system's integrity unlike the existence of Ethereum.
@_date: 2016-12-13 00:38:26
Who says they *mined* 1M? In any case, anyone who owns 1M BTC today has $700,000,000 or thereabouts invested in the Bitcoin system. In theory, his incentives should align very strongly with the success of Bitcoin, much moreso than your daughter-in-law who knows someone who has a second cousin who owns half a coin.
Now, obviously you can't solve everything by giving total control over to stakeholders, and I didn't suggest doing that. I'm just stating facts:
1. If you were to develop your own consensus compatible Bitcoin full node implementation written from scratch, costing you hundreds of thousands of dollars in development, you would have no leverage over the future direction of Bitcoin without the consent of BC developers, and
2. If you were to do 1), and then acquire 1M BTC, you'd *still* have no leverage over the future direction of Bitcoin without the consent BC developers, and
3. If you were to do 1) and 2), and *also* run a highly successful Bitcoin startup, you guessed it, you'd *still* have no leverage over the future direction of Bitcoin without the consent of a tiny handful of unelected people
It's generally unseemingly when people who invest the most in the success of a shared enterprise aren't given the respect they deserve, or any voting rights whatsoever.
@_date: 2016-12-01 16:31:44
Lykke is yet another ICO coin. They marketed the LKK ICO coin as a stock to unsophisticated US investors, which makes it an [illegal unregistered security]( I'm guessing you're an investor in LKK because otherwise the concept of a "decentralized exchange" has been done to death, and is not noteworthy at all. There are at least 3 others that are at least as good if not better: Counterparty, Ethereum and Bitsquare, all of which have been around much longer.
@_date: 2016-12-12 22:18:03


I view bitcoin as an investment product. Alts are just competing investment products. I would prefer if people adopted this nomenclature rather than waxing poetic about bitcoin as tcp/ip in 1985 or http 1995 or "an ocean", take it to please.


You say this as if people only want to gain BTC. How sure are you that there is nothing else in the world that people would want to cash out to?
@_date: 2016-11-20 00:22:10




*Decentralized mining* means investors in Bitcoin can derive an income stream on their hodlings from participating in the network consensus, which includes setting the future direction of the Bitcoin system.
Conversely, *centralized mining* means the vast majority of investors *can't* derive an income stream on their hodlings, and can't participate in the network consensus.
Today, Bitcoin is paying virtually all of its "dividends" to Chinese miners and John McAfee, simultaneously giving them extreme influence over the network consensus and formation of the Bitcoin system.
These problems and more are covered in depth in the must-read article "[Bitcoin's biggest challenges](
@_date: 2017-01-10 21:06:36


Freicoin is 100% decentralized, yet you'd never *dream* of hodling it. Bitcoin is a distributed consensus system and global payment rail powered by transaction fees which are denominated in BTC. *That's* why BTC has an investment case to it: it's not because Bitcoin is "decentralized", but because BTC is **useful in commerce**.
There are lots of decentralized protocols out there. Too many to even list. None of which have taken the world by storm the way Bitcoin has. Bitcoin didn't gain its initial following merely due to full nodes running on *desktop* computers. SN predicted all full nodes would be run by specialists in datacenters. It's undeniable that this was his intent, that *datacenters* is how SN believed Bitcoin would scale.
@_date: 2017-01-13 16:01:13
Counterparty's ledger was initialized in a proof of burn event. Investors sent BTC to an [unrecoverable Bitcoin address]( and received XCP in return. [More details here](














Indeed, the Blockstream cofounders do have a conflict of interest. But I wouldn't describe it as "vague", at all: you can't stand the thought of following Satoshi's vision of full nodes run by specialists in datacenters. At Counterparty, we're invested in Satoshi's vision, and you're standing in the way of that to prop up sidechains, developed by *your* company, Blockstream.


I think you knew this day would come, Greg Maxwell. The miners are no longer siding with your vision where Bitcoin mainnet never scales except to the extent desktop full nodes continue to run. Is Counterparty a competitor to Bitcoin, or is it just your *political* opposition?
@_date: 2016-11-20 00:25:52


Maybe Bitgo wouldn't be in the position of [having to support Ethereum]( if BC management would stop carrying out discriminatory policies against non-monetary use cases that inadvertently adversely impact monetary use cases.
@_date: 2016-11-24 22:30:26


These aren't problems that can be realistically solved for average computer users, *nor should they be*. Full nodes belong on the server.
@_date: 2016-11-22 03:16:12


The biggest drivers of demand for the Bitcoin network are also naturally the biggest benefactors of the Bitcoin network. It's a mutualistic relationship:


It's so curious you say this when in fact a single startup with $76 million in VC backing intends to divert demand away from on-chain transactions to off-chain contraptions, in actual fact interjecting themselves as the life blood of Bitcoin.


Great, it looks like we're on the same page. With that, your blog post meandered heavily into mining centralization, **using mining centralization as justification for users needing to run full nodes**. These issues are orthogonal, yet you harped on them as if they were intricately linked. That's simply wrong.


No it isn't. We have better, and you would see that if you read the article "[Bitcoin's biggest challenges](
@_date: 2016-11-07 17:03:10
Bitcoin is a de facto publicly traded equity, and what the gung ho forkers proclaim as the best path forward is akin to splitting up the existing company over internal politics. Another way to look at it is as a nasty divorce.
The Ethereum Classic debacle proves that this path leads only to shareholder losses and misery. If you don't like Bitcoin's current leadership, you should ideally vote to remove them and/or diversify. Everything else would permanently damage Bitcoin, just like the DAO disaster permanently damaged Ethereum.
@_date: 2016-11-19 01:09:48


Right: *was*. If you combine both coins now, they've lost over 100% of their market cap collectively.
@_date: 2017-01-10 16:40:53












And if you bothered asking the OpenBazaar developers how they feel about scaling OB on Lightning, you'd hear that the number one complaint OB had from vendors was that the vendor needed to have their store online at all times. That's why OB server was rewritten to use ipfs: so that the vendors don't *have* to be online constantly for the system to work. Lightning unfortunately requires both parties to be online for the payment to go through. So either all OB payments will have to somehow go through a centralized LN intermediary and later dispatched to vendors as they come online, or it's going to have to move to a sidechain, assuming sidechains are even feasible or adoptable by the end users of OB.
Bitsquare and OB are Bitcoin's truest patrons with the least COIs I can think of. All of this amounts to making Bitcoin's biggest users jump through hoops making their products suffer so that Gentoo loving C++ programmers who are the tiny minority of Bitcoin users can continue to run a full node on a home desktop computer. If you're a believer in the value behind OB and Bitsquare, that's a very bad thing for Bitcoin's fundamentals: it means less users of OB and Bitsquare will want to pay Bitcoin miners as opposed to the miners of an alternative system that isn't irrationally afraid of scaling their network with full nodes run by specialists in datacenters as envisioned by Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2016-11-01 02:21:32


It'd be *especially* worth it for the P2P loan market, so you could earn interest on your coins without counterparty risk. *Someone* needs to decentralize Poloniex, and Bitsquare looks to be the most viable attempt.
Note to people bashing Bitsquare for its use of the JVM, Bitsquare is surprisingly good looking, it's the best performing Java desktop application I've ever come across, hands down. Hats off to the developers, big time. Here's to hoping they're able to add leveraged trading and atomic cross-chain swaps.
@_date: 2017-01-10 03:09:35


Ethereum hit 20% of Bitcoin's market cap and is currently doing 20% of Bitcoin's total transaction volume on a *daily basis*. You're honestly less concerned about Bitcoin getting destroyed by the competition than you are concerned that Gentoo loving C++ programmers, who are the tiny minority of Bitcoin users, are able to run a full node on a home computer?
@_date: 2016-11-15 03:04:01
If an ICO solicits funds from US investors without registering with the SEC, they're *already* violating US securities law by conducting an unregistered securities offering. This is true regardless of which countries their alleged foundations and obfuscation schemes are being purportedly run from. The question isn't *if* the SEC will investigate, but *when*.
Just because we haven't seen a major crackdown yet doesn't mean the SEC won't take or isn't *already taking* notice of the millions of dollars being raised from US investors by offshore salespeople and their elaborate systems which are designed specifically to violate US laws for profit.
This is precisely what ICO pushers are doing when they compare the ICO to pre-buying "oil" and all the other nonsense that is used to obfuscate the fact that ICO coins are practically indistinguishable from equities.
@_date: 2016-11-02 23:39:36
Crapola, if ever there was a time to use a :) face after one of my sentences. Yes, of course it was tongue in cheek, and completely agreed
@_date: 2016-12-01 16:08:54


No. You should use [Bitsquare]( especially since you're European. Bitsquare has decent EUR volume and you don't have to register with a centralized exchange to use it.
@_date: 2017-01-10 00:43:47
Yes, and as the network effects of Bitcoin continue to grow, each entity with a stake in the Bitcoin system has an increasingly larger incentive to bend the Bitcoin system to its whims.
At [Counterparty]( which is a Bitcoin mainnet based smart contracting system a la Ethereum, we've had Greg Maxwell, Adam Back Friedenbach and Timon give us the pitchfork treatment for the better part of three years. This is because the Counterparty system inherently competes against Blockstream (and Ethereum, of which I just found out core developer Eric Lombrozo was a founding member).
So that is my COI. But it seems, at least in the Bitcoin system, that Counterparty has pulled the short end of the stick; and I'm vocal to this end because Counterparty relies on mainnet transaction fees being affordable and plentiful, and as such widely available to the highest number of people and enterprise use cases of the blockchain.
But I'll shut up for now because if and when Greg Maxwell and the BC developers realize it's time to scale Bitcoin mainnet to datacenters as envisioned by Satoshi Nakamoto, Counterparty just might have a fighting chance against the wishes of minority special interest groups who have an entirely different image of how to scale Bitcoin to mass adoption and commercial success.
@_date: 2017-01-10 16:32:26
In case it wasn't clear enough before, Greg Maxwell is a Gentoo loving C++ programmer who is infatuated with running a full node on his home computer. That's fine, except that he believes others aren't truly using Bitcoin if *they're* not running a full node on their home computers. This runs counter to what Satoshi Nakamoto said about scaling Bitcoin with [full nodes run entirely by specialists in datacenters](




Just read these quotes to see how far Greg Maxwell and the BC developers have strayed from Satoshi Nakamoto's vision of how to scale Bitcoin mainnet to mainstream adoption. The reason pools like ViaBTC are against SegWit is because it's all too obvious that the path suggested by Satoshi Nakamoto is still the best path forward for not just Bitcoin but any of Bitcoin's hundreds of competitors who are chomping at the bit to dethrone Bitcoin from its current position where the lion's share of all blockchain transactions take place on the Bitcoin network.


Don't miss the forest for the trees, now: OpenBazaar and Bitsquare are both crippled when mainnet is crippled and to the extent you believe that OB or Bitsquare will be commercially successful, this will be the death knell of their support for Bitcoin and will almost certainly result in a handout to Bitcoin's blockchain competition.
@_date: 2016-12-09 04:54:17
Bootstrapping has nothing to do with the importance of the sum total value of fee-paying transactions. Bringing up the need for competing systems to bootstrap is a red herring.


TLDR "liquidity begets liquidity".


That "technology" is OpenCL and CUDA, and is bog *standard* scientific computing. That alone is enough to propel Bitcoin to VISA scale, today. Yes, you won't be able to run a node on a home computer, but full nodes are cumbersome anyway even at 1MB blocks. Full nodes *belong* on the server.


Then you'd agree that if LN and sidechains doesn't pass muster, on-chain scaling *must* happen for Bitcoin to survive?
I'm not for or against "Second Level Technology", but I *am* saying shoehorning the entire system into SLT is an extremely risky plan.


Blockstream will exist with or without a block limit, and the half dozen companies developing Lightning aren't just going to abandon it so easily. This seems like another attempt at reaching on your part. We could do BIP101 tomorrow, and nothing would change with respect to SLT dev.


There **is no economy** without trade. You're not considering the fact that you don't have to save any BTC to benefit from Bitcoin's service framework ie payment rail, nor do you have to save any BTC to benefit from Bitcoin's pay-as-you-go distributed consensus platform. The sum total amount of fees paid to miners or LN hubs etc by Bitcoin's clients are what allow miners to continue mining, which allows your so called "economy" to even exist in the first place.
Anything can technically be "saved": Beanie Babies, tulips, hot air, by your definition it doesn't seem to matter. All of those count as stores of value in your mind because you take the absurd position that stores of value don't need to be *used in commerce* for them to be so called "stores of value". That's only true in a very *contrived* and completely unrealistic sense.


While that's a great option to have, users seem to massively prefer thin clients to full nodes on the free market. By your standards, these users are relying on a TTP? What if I colocate my node in a datacenter. Is *that* a TTP?


This is where we differ. The phrase "peer-to-peer electronic cash system" has different meanings to different people. For me it means the ability to actually *use* the system as intended without forking over any of my money to some new fangled contraption that I implicitly have to trust (SLT). It means not having to hand over my money to a bank of any kind. On-chain scaling means no TTP, and when I send money from my wallet to yours, THAT is a P2P transaction. So what if a datacenter-based node relays my transaction? I never had to trust that node, and to the extent there are any problems with that trust model, I've repeatedly pointed out [real world solutions](
@_date: 2016-12-08 23:59:59
I have nothing against sidechains if and only if sidechains are presented to users as a free market alternative to on-chain scaling. But without on-chain scaling, sidechains will become the **only** way to do advanced use cases without paying exorbitant fees and waiting unpredictable amounts of time for on-chain confirmations, crippling Counterparty.
Greg Maxwell believes Bitcoin works best with a constant backlog of transactions, and furthermore he [openly discriminates against non-monetary use cases of Bitcoin](


@_date: 2016-11-15 00:30:38
I can see ICO vs No ICO. Considering that one is or *soon will be* ruled categorically illegal under US law. When a coin is lead by guys who construct elaborate offshore obfuscation schemes to deliberately flaunt the SEC, it should be of material concern to investors because prosecution could put a coin's bus factor to the test.
But pre-mine vs no-premine? I take it you've never done the calculations to mine a brand new altcoin. You'd be stunned at how quickly the difficulty rises for a new coin with any semblance of a story to it. I have one that is less than 9 months old and has a market cap of approximately nil, yet it's doing roughly 20% of Ethereum's hashrate. How can you expect the founders to get into the mining game? Wouldn't you agree the founder of Bitcoin deserves an outsized share of the underlying?  Would you rather have guys like Marco Krohn of Genesis Mining mine 1,000,000 BTC with massive farms, or is it more important for the founders like Satoshi Nakamoto to be given an incentive to stay in the game?
Regardless, early adopter whales end up accumulating the vast majority of the underlying in almost all cases these days. So basically there's no comparison between a pre-mine and an ICO, and the pre-mine itself is increasingly a moot point.
@_date: 2016-11-02 21:21:02
ICOs are probably going to be ruled unregistered securities offerings in the coming years, because they all *obviously* pass the Howie Test. This alone presents a litany of complications to would-be promoters of these schemes. But the concerns don't end with the SEC.
An interesting precedent exists for regulating ICOs: *interstate land sales*.
In the off chance that the SEC doesn't clamp down on ICOs, there's much precedent in real estate sales for regulating ICOs much as you would regulate the marketing of subdivision properties. It's easy to see the resemblance with ICOs. Quoting real estate attorney Les Scher:






It's incredibly unlikely the SEC doesn't take an interest in ICOs, as most cryptocurrencies, without even doing an ICO, resemble traditional equities, particularly equity REITs, moreso than they do national currencies. This is doubly true of ICOs.
In the off chance ICO promoters can slip by the SEC with clever tomfoolery "this token is just fuel", it should be noted promoters of real estate have been successfully prosecuted for a litany of reasons that seem highly applicable to ICOs. According to attorney Les Scher, various developers have been caught:
- handing out brochures stating that a subdivision was conveniently located near shopping centers, hospitals, and beaches, when in fact the facilities were 40 miles away
- failing to disclose that the developer was in foreclosure at the time parcels were being sold
- falsely representing that purchase of a lot was a way to achieve financial security and representing that prices were increasing without disclosing that the increase may be the result of the developers' pricing, unrelated to actual changes in the value of the land
- routinely giving buyers a "fast shuffle" closing, after which they left the sales office without copies of contracts, notes, property reports, or any other important documents
This list isn't exhaustive, and it goes to show how crazy unregulated ICOs will become if no action is taken to regulate.








Bottom line, the only teams brazen enough to raise money in an ICO are willing to go to jail for it, and if they're willing to take the risk of prison, then 9 times out of 10 they'll also be willing to disappear with your money.
Buyer beware.
@_date: 2016-12-27 05:17:25


Increasing the amount of mining rewards up for grabs creates more opportunity for miners to come on board. When it comes to Bitcoin's security, more income going to miners is better than less income going to miners.


Energy spent mining ethereum is energy not spent mining bitcoin. The same relationship does not hold with Counterparty: XCP is unmined, and XCP transactions are fielded just like normal Bitcoin transactions by Bitcoin miners. Counterparty is part of the Bitcoin ecosystem, unlike Ethereum.
You claim that my use of "Bitcoin mainnet" is promoting Counterparty, but I'm over here claiming that your discriminatory policies spell certain doom for Counterparty, and amusingly enough I make this exact comment in the very post that you screenshotted.


If Ethereum would start to anchor itself to Bitcoin to ensure its immutability, that would be good for Bitcoin, as one of its competitors would be admitting defeat.


I've never argued that XCP provides Ethereum functionality to Bitcoin users, just that Counterparty financially supports Bitcoin mainnet by compensating miners.
@_date: 2016-11-19 19:25:28
Inserting a physical coin into an arcade game machine counts as a cash transaction.
In Counterparty, instead of inserting a physical coin into an arcade game, you pay a de minimus amount of BTC to Bitcoin miners. Same principle.
Counterparty embeds Ethereum inside Bitcoin blockchain nulldata which is safely pruned from full nodes.
With Ethereum nulldata scripting, a single Bitcoin transaction can launch a stream of Ethereum subtransactions, since the Ethereum contracts are Bitcoin aware they interact with each other and the result is settled at the next block.
Despite this, BC management has been appalled by nulldata encoding schemes since the dawn of OP_RETURN, and refuses to even so much as acknowledge that it's a digital cash transaction.
@_date: 2016-11-22 00:13:47


Profitability of their business models aside, the fact that these companies became interested in and *invested in* Bitcoin in the first place is why Bitcoin has a $12B market cap. Blowing them off is ill-advised, you simply can't count on businesspeople continuing to put up with your *bullshit*.


How dare they.


No, they run nodes too. You just don't want them to have control over most of the nodes, because in the absence of switching to a superior consensus system, you lose your political power, which by the way, you're probably vastly overestimating?


Hydroelectric power plants and long-term Power Purchase Agreements with public utilities simply aren't that easy to come by. Yet that's what you need today to mine at a large scale professionally. **End of story**. Stop pretending like block size is the culprit. In the words of [Mike Belshe]( creator of HTTP/2.0 and CEO of BitGo: "We all want a decentralized system. But the block size isn't the key here."


This major oversight and other intractable problems with Bitcoin consensus are covered in-depth in the article "[Bitcoin's biggest challenges](
**Running a full node isn't a good solution to mining centralization**.
@_date: 2016-11-06 01:02:42
Greg Maxwell believes Bitcoin works *best* when a perpetual backlog exists. If OP had posted this transaction under such a perpetual backlog, his transaction would've either *never* confirmed, or would take many hours if not days to see a single confirmation. And you know what the response would be? Should've used LN. Should've used a sidechain. Should've used a "better wallet".
@_date: 2016-12-08 22:34:05


"Not possible" on chain you say?




- Sidechains for asset issuance: this is [already possible on mainnet]( complete with decentralized exchange, it's been that way since January 2014; Counterparty pre-dates sidechains
- Sidechains for new kinds of markets: this too is [already possible on mainnet](
Mainnet can do everything sidechains can do, if you just allow Bitcoin to scale on chain.
@_date: 2016-11-01 00:31:52


Given this *mystifying* one liner reply, do you have an opinion on the state of "1 CPU, 1 Vote" in the current Bitcoin system?
And do you deny what Satoshi said in his own emails, that block processing would be done by specialists in server farms? He's undoubtedly referring to HPC practices, which are very common in scientific computing.
@_date: 2016-12-12 22:06:50
While it's notable that CPU/GPU mining algorithms are touted as being more decentralized, the reality is those algorithms decrease PoW miner lock-in. This is good for miners in that their equipment can be blockchain agnostic, but it's bad for each blockchain in that miners can hop from one coin to another with virtually zero cost. This makes miners less loyal, and can lead to extreme fluctuations in hashing rate as miners hop from one coin to the next based on fleeting profitability metrics.
It's also worthwhile to note that an algorithm billed as "CPU hard" or "GPU hard" will still end up monopolized by large scale industrial mining farms. A warehouse in rural China can be filled with GPUs just as easily as it can be filled with ASICs, and indeed some already *are*. In addition, it's theoretically possible for ASICs to be devised for "CPU" or "GPU" coins, and this is worse than in ASIC coins because such ASICs will be harder to develop and more likely to remain a secret, leading to even greater centralization risk.


I often see this line of thinking touted as a solution, but for the reasons listed above it solves nothing. It is at best a shuffling of the deck. Switching algorithm does not thwart mining farms, indeed some of these mining farms are *already* GPU mining altcoins professionally, so as they say "out of the frying pan, into the fire".
@_date: 2016-12-16 20:29:15


By your logic, decreasing the block size would decentralize mining. Is that what you *really believe*?
@_date: 2016-12-07 16:51:52


Eh. For the first year or so, BTC could be mined on CPUs by just about anyone. So the early subsidy was theoretically very widely accessible. But to the extent PoW mining has devolved from CPU mining to what it is today, ie dominated by Chinese miners, Genesis Mining, etc, that isn't really the case since very *very* few people have access to the subsidy nowadays. This subsidy monopolization has been the case for at least 2 years now, so I'm not really sure how you can argue that Bitcoin is being fairly distributed any longer.
And the other thing is an estimated 75% minimum of all BTC outstanding is held by 1% of Bitcoin investors. BTC resembles a traditional equity in this sense, although it's an equity that unfortunately only pays dividends to Chinese miners, Genesis, John McAfee. In terms of access to investment upside, the rest of us BTC holders can only hope for our underlying capital to appreciate. I don't want you to misconstrue what I'm saying here, because Counterparty suffers from all of the same downsides, but let's call a spade a spade.


No deadline proof of burn has been discussed and while it's technically feasible, it's not so simple: for starters ongoing burning of coins damages Bitcoin's UTXO set in perpetuity which is going to be politically infeasible and secondly you have to ask how you set the "price" for the ongoing burning of coins. Doing it the easy way of just setting the price once and forgetting about it is tantamount to centralized price fixing.
I don't disagree with the rest of your post.
@_date: 2016-12-01 16:05:44
Staggering amount of misinfo here.
Counterparty was created in response *to* Mastercoin's ICO which are IMHO always unethical and almost always illegal. In January 2014, in order to initialize its ledger, Counterparty held the world's first proof of burn [event]( where hodlers of BTC sent coins to an [unrecoverable address]( No one got those funds. There *was no* ICO. There *was no* premine. It was at least as fair as Bitcoin's launch, since everyone who held BTC in January 2014 could've swapped BTC for XCP by sending any amount of BTC to the burn address.
And no, you can't just "duplicate" Counterparty's network effect and liquidity, just like you can't just duplicate Bitcoin's network effect and liquidity.


BTC doesn't compete with colored coins. Why on earth would you think colored coins threaten the 21M limit or have *anything* at all to do with fungibility? Are you for real?
@_date: 2016-11-19 22:24:08
Here's a must-read article on the topic: [Bitcoin's biggest challenges](
@_date: 2016-12-09 02:53:48


And that demand exhibits itself in the form of *fee-paying transactions*. A hypothetical competing system that has a higher sum total amount of fees paid to miners is healthier than Bitcoin. It has more real world usage. The more real world usage there is, the wider is the network effect, and the lower is the currency risk. It becomes a better currency than Bitcoin that way.


Yes, key word "almost". If you make a large transaction today (in bytes), you can easily pay over $10 for the priviledge. For a large merchant, that adds up. And if you believe this is a problem as I suspect you do, and you *still* deny the need for on-chain scaling, then you're banking entirely on LN and sidechains. Seems like a questionable risk to take.


That isn't surprising. 75% of all BTC in circulation is held by 1% of users, at best, it's probably closer to 90%+ held by 1% of users. What we're talking about here is an equity investment product. That isn't good or bad, but it's also not nearly as noble as you'd make it out to be. "Sustaining" this "entire economy". Holyfuck. You mean to say people are "upholding the system" that they have a controlling interest in? How very *noble* of them. This is so very *very* different than all other investment products, which are all so devoid of Bitcoin's chivalry and ethics.
Maybe that strategy works for you, of encouraging unproductive hodlers to continue hodling while contributing nothing in exchange for promising them capital appreciation, but it makes for a downright shitty investment product and it's no surprise that many people are hesitant to invest in that.


What? Nodes are trivially sybil-able. How is running a node in any way participating in the Bitcoin consensus. That's such a farcical statement. Nodes have their advantages but those advantages pale in comparison to the need to scale on-chain. You're making up all manner of implausible excuses to rationalize extremely risky behavior of discriminating against politically undesirable fee-paying transactions on mainnet.
@_date: 2016-12-09 00:26:23
Bitcoin is a service with open source architecture, and BTC acts as the defacto publicly traded shares of that service. The "service" is a payment rail and entry token to a distributed consensus system. The "shares" appreciate in value only to the extent the underlying is demanded for fee-paying transactions. Dividends are paid to PoW miners in proportion to fees collected, at least in the long term.
If you add up all the BTC fee-paying transactions, however small, monetary or non-monetary, the sum total of all fees paid to miners amounts to the *fundamental demand for BTC*. By restricting Bitcoin mainnet, you're restricting the types of fee-paying transactions that can sustain Bitcon miners, and in effect you're imposing upon Bitcoin's fundamentals.
Decentralization may play a role in Bitcoin's market price, but it's difficult if not impossible to measure that role, and anyway the importance of decentralization pales in comparison to the importance of *fundamentals*. And the better are Bitcoin's fundamentals, the stronger is Bitcoin's all-important network effect. If Bitcoin ever loses that network effect advantage, it's fair to say that the Bitcoin system has been outdone by a competing system.


Indeed, Bitcoin is certainly shaping up to be the victim of its own success. It will be interesting to see how true believers in small blocks begin to react as their discriminatory policies that put Bitcoin's fundamentals in jeopardy predictably lead to a market cap "mishap".
@_date: 2016-12-17 18:53:49
You could lower the block size to a *single byte* and it wouldn't make a lick of difference to John McAfee, Marco Krohn or BitFury. They're going to develop multi-million dollar datacenters dedicated to ASIC and GPU Proof-of-Work mining; a small number of players will always monopolize PoW mining when you need a hydroelectric power plant to mine. There's not a damn thing you can do about mining centralization within the confines of [Bitcoin's current consensus system](
In the words of [Mike Belshe]( creator of HTTP/2.0 and CEO of BitGo: "We all want a decentralized system. But the block size isn't the key here."
@_date: 2016-12-16 20:11:50
I fully agree that Proof-of-Work mining is centralized to a large extent. But it's mostly because it takes a hydroelectric power plant or PPA with a public utility to get access to the kind of electricity you need to mine with a significant hashing rate. Proof-of-Work mining requires highly specialized knowledge and lots of capital. Block size is practically irrelevant here.
Proof-of-Work Mining has long since been monopolized by large players. Whether we lift the limit or lower the limit doesn't matter one iota to the people who have a large amount of capital to invest and a desire to earn serious income from mining.


There is only one fix for the inherent march to centralization of Proof-of-Work mining, which is discussed in great detail in Company Zero's article series beginning with "[Bitcoin's biggest challenges]( In fairness, this fix, which is currently in live production, has been called "impossible" by BC developers. So it may not work. But I hope I've piqued your interest.
@_date: 2016-11-19 20:04:17
`((0.034 * 85,000,000) / 15,500,000)`
OK, fine it "only" hit 18% of Bitcoin's market cap. [This is not a cause for concern](
@_date: 2016-12-27 01:07:14


Putting a nickel into a pinball machine to play a game counts as a cash transaction.
Paying a de minimus amount of BTC to Bitcoin miners to bet on an election is the same principle. I'm paying cash to get a result. Only instead of the cash going into the pinball machine, it goes to Bitcoin miners.
@_date: 2016-11-18 23:25:46


What a terrible analogy. Bitcoin is more than just "a stock". It's a stock where the underlying has considerable network effects in and of itself. Coin splits result in a partial loss of that network effect. While superficial analysis would lead naïve readers to believe that doubling the supply would result in a doubling of wealth or at least the preservation of wealth, the coin split cripples the all-important network effect, leading to *more than half* of the cummulative network effect being lost compared to a scenario where the split had not occurred.
Ethereum experimented with a coin split and both coins put together are now down in market cap by *over 100%*. The market says coin splits are bad for sharehodlers. This isn't fucking la-la-land, if coin split pumpers are allowed to carry out their stupidity on Bitcoin it will be CERTAIN to result in real and significant losses for every Bitcoin holder. Worse, it will drag Bitcoin's name through the mud in a way that will make us look like an utter joke.
No thank you.
@_date: 2016-12-17 19:23:51


Bitcoin payments can cost less than an international wire transfer, and while banks can take days or weeks to settle funds, Bitcoin can take seconds.
In addition, to use Bitcoin's payment system, you don't need to visit a bank or interact with a bank teller. It all works on your computer over the internet.
Assuming your only goal with using Bitcoin is to take advantage of its payment service, you don't have to hold any BTC for longer than it takes to make the payment, which shouldn't be more than a couple minutes.
If you want to hold the BTC longer than that, you should approach BTC as an investment product, similar to a stock, which is a whole different story.
@_date: 2016-12-27 03:55:50


BTCChina and ViaBTC are already making side deals with Bitcoin users to get their transactions processed. I sense that you predict the inevitable will occur and that fiat currencies will be used to compensate miners. If that is what the market desires, then nothing else matters. If it's going to happen, then you should prepare for that new reality.


Counterparty XCP is an investment product just like BTC is an investment product. Litecoin and Ethereum are also investment products.


Obviously, investment products in this industry compete for investment capital.


This glosses over the fact that until BC merges in Ethereum functionality into Bitcoin mainnet, Counterparty can do everything sidechains and Ethereum can do on *Bitcoin mainnet*, today, and I harken back to the time Luke Jr was telling us to get a BIP, thanks but Counterparty isn't asking *for your permission* to exist.


Counterparty doesn't exist without Bitcoin miners fielding its transactions, and in this way Counterparty directly supports Bitcoin's mainnet. The Ethereum Foundation does not have this relationship with Bitcoin miners.


That's a misunderstanding. I specified Bitcoin **mainnet**, keyword mainnet, at least twice. Counterparty supports Bitcoin's mainnet ecosystem by financially compensating its miners.


12c is an average fee, and it's with almost nobody adopting Bitcoin. I believe you suggested elsewhere that the "fee market" your policies have produced would cripple Counterparty, we get it, there's no need for you to rub it in.


Indeed, I am of the belief that another system will support Counterparty with open arms, and that we must seek refuge there due to your regretable decision of network policies. It isn't a sure thing, and as a Bitcoin maximalist it gives me great pain to be put in this predicament, but I believe when facing certain doom, any other option is superior.


Consumers deserve to be informed of the real happenings and history behind Bitcoin. I promise to support alternative systems that welcome Bitcoin's political undesireables, and you may come to find that it's more people than you think. And we have also learned from your mistakes. Due to your policies, XCP will be the least of Bitcoin's worries.
@_date: 2016-11-20 02:26:53


lol tell us how you really feel
@_date: 2016-11-22 01:00:11


@_date: 2016-11-02 22:10:12
It resembles a modern day democratic election. We know Jihan doesn't want to toe the party line, and now he has a chance to make a real impact in setting network direction.


There are far less extreme solutions to this. Unfortunately those solutions *do* ruffle feathers. It's a shame.
@_date: 2016-12-27 03:37:21


And by "Bitcoin users", you don't happen to mean **full node users**, do you?
Do we have any demographics on full node users, because I'm pretty sure Gentoo loving C++ programmers are overrepresented among them. With that demographic mind, if Bitcoin is successful, do you believe that the Gentoo loving C++ programmer demographic will be less than or greater than half of "Bitcoin users".
Satoshi predicted in numerous places that most users would run light wallets. This is the reality today and it will continue to be the reality unless you scare away everyone but the aforementioned demographic from using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-20 00:14:58


Very true, but I'd say the current configuration fo BC management has been a long time coming. When I first came into Bitcoin, I noticed to my dismay that some people genuinely believed everyone using Bitcoin *has* to be using a full node, and obv non-monetary use cases should be stomped out to make sure that "standard" continues to be upheld. Those people have always held prominent positions in BC management, but lately it's taken a turn for the worse.


Coin voting, integrated into the consensus layer, would enable Bitcoin to adapt smoothly to the will of its largest stakeholders.
Conversely, putting in a mere time limit to spur decision making would just force the usual suspects to make decisions even faster, which probably isn't actually a good thing?


I think you'd be interested in this article: [Bitcoin's biggest challenges](
@_date: 2016-12-12 19:16:06
I'd argue certain altcoins are "solutions seeking Bitcoin's implied non-apparent problems" in the same way Bitcoin is a solution seeking implied non-apparent problems in fiat currency.
For example, China has easily over 50% of the global hashing rate, and China is known for its very active censorship policies. If the Chinese government wanted to censor certain types of transactions, there would be very little that Bitcoin could do about it short of switching PoW algorithm, ie such a counter-censorship program wouldn't go very smoothly. And then you need to ask whether China wouldn't still dominate that new algo eventually, leading to a recurring problem.
There's also an open question of how we should fund Bitcoin development. It's the norm for development work in open source projects, including popular projects, to go completely unpaid. But the competitive nature of cryptocurrencies poses a unique challenge in that the strength of the core development team plays an outsized role in maintaining a cryptocurrency's competitive advantage in the marketplace. Ideally you *do* want a team of highly skilled professionals working on core development full time.
Unfortunately, the traditional route of seeking funding leads to external entities paying core developers, which introduces real and perceived conflicts of interest. The investor interests funding those developers may clash with the interests of users. How is an outside observer to distinguish between a developer taking actions that he believes best, and that same developer taking those same actions because they are in that VC firm's best interests?
Finally, consider the large stakeholders of Bitcoin: big investors, successful companies, developers of alternate full node software. Currently in Bitcoin, you could hodl 1,000,000 BTC, run a successful Bitcoin company and develop a quality alternative full node implementation but you would not be able to diverge from Bitcoin Core's consensus, and you would not be able to influence Bitcoin Core's consensus without getting the approval of a very tiny handful of people.
These are [Bitcoin's biggest challenges]( and they certainly *are* issues [according to some](
@_date: 2016-12-19 02:30:43


Imagine a PoW mining farm of the future: one that costs $5,000,000 to lay out, and $3,000,000 per month in electricity to run. There are already comparable large scale mining facilities as of 2016, and if competition heats up those numbers will worsen.
In a world where PoW mining at large scale costs you $5M up front plus $36M a year in electricity expenses, only deep pocketed companies will run the majority of the hashing rate. According to Chandler Guo, certain Chinese utility companies are *themselves* starting to mine, so at this point you should not hold out any hope for PoW mining to get any less centralized.
Notice how all of the above would be true regardless of block size. Whether it's 1 byte or 1 gigabyte, doesn't matter one iota if the hashing rate majority consists of resource rich companies and public utilities.
But what you're telling me is that *despite* you needing to spend $5M on a mining farm, and despite you needing to spend $36M a year on electricity costs, those things aren't what centralizes PoW mining (clearly). No, the straw that breaks the camel's back is big blocks. Is that what you really think? That it isn't the up front and ongoing expenses, or the need for a hydroelectric power plant. $$$$$ isn't the culprit for centralization of PoW mining, *block size is*?


Mike Belshe is the creator of HTTP/2.0 and CEO of BitGo.


You're right, I already know I can't change Bitcoin, which is why [I'm sounding the alarm bell](
@_date: 2016-10-31 03:14:15
On [Bitcoinocracy]( the will of the hodlers is what counts. Should Bitcoin developers seek to give those with the largest stake in the system's success a voice? How should these governance issues be decided?
@_date: 2016-10-30 23:42:45
Are you referring to the same OP as I am? Dr. Washo posted *this* Satoshi quote, I'll provide it here in full just to be sure we're discussing the same text:






In light of this quote by Satoshi Nakamoto, how can you then claim "Satoshi wanted a network mostly made up of full nodes"? He says right there "**it would be left more and more to specialists with server farms of specialized hardware**". In reality, block processing would be far more efficient if done by GPU clusters, which is *very common* in scientific computing.


That's like saying Vitalik Buterin only develops core clients for Ethereum and "can not make policies". It's blatantly bending the truth.


I admit that I didn't read what you wrote very carefully. You'll have to rephrase it again. As for your opinion on competing dev teams, you can ignore them to your detriment.
@_date: 2016-10-31 02:20:33


This is actually [only partially true]( the latest, unreleased and unoptimized version of [libbitcoin-server]( claims to sync the first 400,000 Bitcoin blocks in 45 minutes flat on a machine with 32GB of RAM, and the lead developer claims it will be even faster on a machine with 32 CPU cores. A high number of cores are becoming increasingly accessible even on commodity hardware. He claims the goal of syncing the *entire blockchain* within 30 minutes.
It's true that GPU clusters would require retooling backend software stacks. You note differences between Bitcoin and scientific computing but in both cases we need to focus on HPC, where this approach is, again, highly common. GPU clusters are a big step up from what large Bitcoin service operators have to do to run super efficient server rigs today, but it's probably worth the sacrifice if it means increasing mining fees and sustaining the wider Bitcoin ecosystem.


Haha, I knew you'd come around to that one. Thanks for the candor. I do hope you can read through [this link about libbitcoin]( however. It's pretty cool stuff.
@_date: 2016-10-30 18:09:30


Lightning Network, sidechains, and TumbleBit are all solid innovations that anyone can support. Where you start to lose customers is when you tell them certain innovations might be the only viable options in the future. Some of your customers might be OK with that, but others will begin looking for alternative services that provide the quality and levels of service they desire.
Let me give you an example:


Three days ago, at the peak of full blocks, I couldn't use Bitsquare which is a *decentralized* exchange, because my $1000 multisig deposit was taking 18 hours to confirm on the blockchain. Since I couldn't use a decentralized exchange, my options were to stop using Bitcoin or to use a centralized exchange service.
This goes to show that if *low value* transactions are backlogged, then inevitably *high value* transactions will be backlogged too.


That depends. Do you think telling your biggest customers to use workarounds is a bad thing? Is burdening them with wait times and high fees a strategic blunder, or is it actually a good thing?
@_date: 2016-10-30 17:30:51


Luke-jr: that which you consider "spam" is paying plentiful transaction fees, and could quite easily make up the *bulk of transaction fees* some day, that is if Bitcoin was allowed to scale on chain, of course. If it's not allowed to scale on chain, I assure you those transaction fees will be paid one way or the other, albeit not in a way that directly benefits the Bitcoin network.
This is, BTW, why Vitalik Buterin was against launching Ethereum on top of Bitcoin, and it has since become Bitcoin's largest competitor.
@_date: 2016-10-31 03:02:51
High fees, low volume; or low fees, high volume. Both result in a sustainable Bitcoin absent any block subsidy.
More food for thought. Imagine a competing cryptocurrency implements block processing with OpenCL or CUDA, and does it with GPU clusters run by specialists. This of course only becomes necessary if and when it sees *significant* market adoption. For end users, they get more of the same, more of what they're already used to: low fees, speedy transaction processing. It's simultaneously a major enabler for on-chain non-monetary use cases.
@_date: 2016-10-30 17:39:12


Gross oversimplification. Bitcoin is a service. The biggest customers of that service deserve quality service, not workarounds, and they certainly shouldn't be endlessly accused of spamming the network.
Now, you can claim big blocks will inhibit adoption of full nodes, but when Core discriminates against Bitcoin's biggest customers and forces them to use *workarounds*, that too will inhibit adoption of full nodes, because less people will be interested in using a system that is rabidly anti-consumer.
With competing dev teams improving by the day, Bitcoin can't float by on its first-mover advantages over the long term without a viable source of transaction fees that are efficiently distributed to its investors, the side effect of having many happy customers.
@_date: 2016-10-30 20:53:53
I hate to break it to you, but Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general are *investment products* akin to equity REITs. It's just that in Bitcoin's case shares of the underlying double as an efficient electronic payment vehicle and entry token for a distributed consensus platform. The real world use of the underlying in those capacities creates *fundamental demand* for the underlying, the rake upon which is paid out as a dividend to miners.
To the extent hodlers of a cryptocurrency don't or can't receive a dividend from mining in proportion to their investment, that cryptocurrency is a poor investment. Two qualities are needed to ensure a good investment potential:
1. Decentralized mining
2. Fundamental demand for the underlying


Umm, I'm not the one "reducing". Bitcoin is an investment product, because that's the truth. And you know how you make a good investment product, create a service with *fundamentals*, in Bitcoin's case that'll have to come from transactional demand, in any form, and for any reason.
@_date: 2016-10-30 00:08:54
There are no good arguments against SegWit.
The beef has always been with SegWit being used as a delay tactic or bait and switch ploy. Essentially the proponents of it pretend to be for on-chain scaling, whereas in reality no one who is working on SegWit has any interest in scaling on-chain any more than they absolutely have to, and even then only after being raked over the coals of public opinion for the better part of three years.
@_date: 2016-10-30 20:36:28
Bitsquare would be infinitely better with atomic cross-chain swaps, but even atomic swaps are restricted by block size limits.
It'd maybe be a good plan to use LN channels to perform trades, but only if it was provably safe to store tens of thousands of dollars in an LN channel. Right now, that's just not the case.
@_date: 2016-10-30 00:05:54
What made you change your mind?
@_date: 2016-10-30 21:41:51


That's odd. I seem to remember a rapid upwards price movement from the middling 600s to the lower 700s, and in line with historical trends, the price movement was accompanied by a spike in usage as traders flocked to and from exchanges. In light of this, do you have any evidence of it being a spam attack?


Off-chain solutions shouldn't be offered to the exclusion of on-chain scaling, as is being done now. If users aren't happy with off-chain solutions, Bitcoin can't afford to sit there and make idiotic decisions like freezing the block size limit while alternative cryptocurrencies grow with the demand at the behest of Tibetan Raspberry Pi full node operators.
@_date: 2016-10-26 13:47:56
Bitsquare does the same for its automated multisig deposits, it's hard coded at 0.0002 BTC. My recent trades have been stuck for 18 hours waiting for a single confirmation.
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:15:52


Must be another batch of unconfirmed [rare Pepes](
@_date: 2016-10-31 16:14:23
By *high volume*, do you mean HFT, because that's not what I mean by high volume. Bitcoin block processing can absolutely be done HPC style with GPU clusters, run by specialists, as predicted by Satoshi and if Bitcoin won't man up and do that, then I guarantee you an alternative cryptocurrency system will, and it will make Bitcoin look terribly uncompetitive for a wide variety of use cases.
And when you say "we" don't know how to do it, do you mean that we don't know how to do it while keeping full nodes running on home computers? That just isn't possible, and it's not a worthwhile goal for anyone except for those who have a stake in a system that competes with Bitcoin on-chain.
@_date: 2016-10-30 21:14:55
That's fine, treat your customers like shit. You will pay the price, and the price is an alternative cryptocurrency eclipsing Bitcoin in market cap. I'm sure there are many who are happy to pay that price to uphold their limited view of what Bitcoin truly is, but I am NOT one of those people, and I'm betting neither are most hodlers.
@_date: 2016-10-30 23:28:05


It isn't, and I say this as someone who supports SegWit, even as a soft fork. Unfortunately for us, SegWit transactions are optional. And since SegWit transactions are *optional*, the quadratic hashing problem with larger blocks will still need to be addressed with a hard fork if we are to ever safely increase the block size limit.
@_date: 2016-10-30 21:12:59
Banks like Bitfinex and Coinbase are *middlemen*. They're not what I would consider to be services that layer on top of the Bitcoin "protocol". For that you're looking at Bitsquare, OpenBazaar, Blockstack, Counterparty, colored coins, EternityWall, even Lightning Network works in a certain capacity where it depends on the Bitcoin protocol as a customer does a service provider. It'd be a tough sell to build LN on a cryptocurrency with a block size limit of 1 kB, for instance.
Those are Bitcoin's *customers*, along with people who use BTC for payments. All are customers of the service provided by the Bitcoin network.
Calling it a pure protocol without examining who or what is using it in a way that sustains the ecosystem is a brain damaged view of what Bitcoin is.