@_author: insightone
@_date: 2018-05-20 22:30:45


I truly enjoy history. I have read what you mentioned above, however there is ton's more research and evidence that is more in alignment with the video. I believe the video does a great job depicting what has taken place. This video is shedding the light on much more than the Rothschilds, although no doubt very power hungry and shady family.
In this day and age you have to be persistent and patient in researching this stuff. The internet, google, wikipedia etc. Have you jump through hoops to somehow get to the truth. I am sure you are aware wikipedia is nothing but a huge scam. Anyone can add to any wikipedia page. It should be ban from the internet. 
It is amazing just how many people are completely in the dark regarding these types of very serious issues that effect each and everyone of our lives.
Lastly, these very powerful \(old and new money entities\) whether they be people, families or corporations that have proven to be corrupt need to be dealt with...
Second lastly, there are conspiracy theories, and then there are conspiracies. We should educate ourselves. Our children's futures depend on it. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 02:23:14
"All the governments need to do is outlaw any business from accepting anything other than FedCoin".
Perhaps i am missing something. Untermensch is down voted for this statement, but yet it is so true!
None of us may like it, we all wish it was different, but how does it change it from being a reality? can someone give a logical answer. I truly would like to learn more.
Thanks, 
@_date: 2018-02-24 18:05:21
AbleLeg, That is exactly what they are doing... They do not know the difference!!
Hahaha But yet, they consider themselves to be intellectuals Lol
 
@_date: 2018-03-16 21:31:19
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:44:18
Haha holding BTC is cool, holding Bernie not so much... Btw: come on, at the very least, please be intellectually honest with yourself. Bernie and his ideas are as much about socialism as I have ever heard come out of the mouth of a big time US politician. Perhaps, you JUST do not understand what socialism is.
Bernie himself, acknowledged that his ideas lean toward socialism. (The ideas behind BTC, and or cryptos have nothing to do with socialism, if anything, it would be the complete opposite).
Peace.  