@_author: insidebitcoins
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:01:43
Thank you for your comments and for bringing this to our attention. We apologize for the delay in posting the first speakers and agenda for Inside Bitcoins Melbourne. We have a few events coming up before July that we have been working to finalize, but our agenda and speakers for our Melbourne event will be up very soon. You can see the speakers from our most recent event in New York here: 
Regarding food, this event will offer a complimentary continental breakfast for full conference passes and one day conference passes. As for the price, many conference attendees are investors, financial professionals, entrepreneurs, consultants, and lawmakers, who attend the sessions to learn about the business opportunities within bitcoin. For bitcoiners who are looking to meet other enthusiasts, speak with bitcoin companies, and see the latest mining technologies in action at the exhibit hall, complimentary networking passes are currently available. 
We're very excited to be bringing the event to Melbourne for the first time, and would love your feedback on what you would like to see at the show. If there are any speakers or sessions you would be interested in seeing, we'll do our best to make it happen. Thank you again for your feedback - we're excited to meet Australia's bitcoin community this summer! 
@_date: 2014-09-04 18:51:00
The goal of our conferences is to help spread the word about the benefits of bitcoin, especially to finance, payment, and technology professionals who can spur global adoption by incorporating bitcoin into their sites and businesses. 
For each show, the pricing takes into account the venue, staffing, wifi, printed materials, AV, and other costs. We also invest in the content by helping to pay for airfares for speakers from all over the world so that attendees get the best and latest information worldwide and not just local speakers. For our London event, the two-day pass also includes coffee breaks and lunch for both days. For each of our shows, we also make free or low-cost networking passes available to try to accommodate as many bitcoin enthusiasts as possible. 
Thank you for your input in this thread, and we'll definitely continue to keep our prices as low as we can. 
And thanks to whoever posted about "Outside Inside Bitcoins" - it gave the Inside Bitcoins team a big laugh! 
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:10:23
Individuals are certainly welcome! It's a great opportunity to get up to speed, network and meet bitcoin vendors. Hope to see you there!