@_author: insidiousmind15
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:26:56
Id say ENJ is a good bet. I got in during ICO and right after ICO (it was down from PreICO investors flipping quick profit). It's recently got up to it's first ICO price ~.05cents) and they're just about to release their first product (Secure Wallet). It's probably the only currency I've seen so far that had a real use in the world and can be implemented _right now_ with our current tools. Basically, it's a Cryptocurrency for gaming which let's the gamer actually have ownership over their items. Solves alot of problems gamers hate with microtransactions (think, EA) and would be crazy awesome in the mobile games market. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:47:31
I mean, i've been looking/tracking/playing/lurking around in this space for a few years now, out of a general interest of Cryptography. Right now, I'm mostly divied up between Bitcoin, Ethereum, OmiseGo, Augur, and Enjin Coin along with a small stake in some PREICO's i thought interesting but haven't gotten off the ground yet, and probably/might not do anything at all. I look at ICOs/Alts pretty often though, to try and scout out anything that may be interesting.
Coins that I haven't invested in, but have my eye on are IOTA, Cardano, Dash, RDN, Monero, ZCash, and Substratum. There are various reasons I haven't invested yet, including sketchiness (Cardano/IOTA) not enough research done (RDN), and, from some humble calcs that probably mean nothing profitability (these calculations are very subjective, and it really just comes down to gambling). However, if I do invest in another coin, there's much more of a % of me investing in coins I have my eye on/have done previous research on.
When people say '90% of ICO's are a scam', I am not going to lie, it's usually true. Though, some aren't a scam and just fail immediately because their entire concept is shit. It's mostly like gambling though; you just have to invest a little money and see where it goes, but be 100% aware that you have a 50/50 chance of losing everything, with the other 50 being 45% breaking even with the hope of going up sometime, and 5% making some money. (these percentages are out of my ass, obviously, but that's what it feels like). Though, all in all, when an ICO *does* do well, I tend to make up what I lost with other ICO's. An amount of diversification plays into it, too.
But, the rule i always follow when investing in any crypto, ICO or not, is just to do as much research as you can with your time, and only invest in projects that you believe in. I invested in ENJ because I do/have played a fuckton of videogames in the past, and I see that the coin has real potential in the market they are going to chase. In addition to this, they already have up against competing coins (GameCredits, etc) in their developers  and Community Base (they are a company which runs forums for gamers, with the # of members in the millions, with many communities already signed up to use the coin) The research I did shows that what they're trying to achieve is absolutely realistic. I won't invest in random coins in a market that I know absolutely nothing on how it operates (like those coins used for selling meat goods, or Credit coins, or other coins like that. They may be 100% viable, or they may be total shitcoins. I have no idea, so when I come across something like that, I immediately skip it).
You also have to be aware of what existing coins are capable of. If a coin comes out and can do nothing different than a coin that already established a userbase (assuming the coin cant do it better than the already-established coin), that's a downright dumb buy. If a coin does something which can already be done on an existing coin/blockchain, that's another stupid buy. Why create a coin who's use can already be had quite easily with another (much more established) coin? Not much use there.
That's part of the reason ERC20 coins (coins created with the ETH ecosystem) are so cool. _Because_ they have the base of a community already, Ethereum,
that's just my 2c and experience though.
TL;DR: Be aware of existing coins and what they do; stay open-minded to new coins and what they may be capable of; don't invest in stupid shit that can already be accomplished with existing coins; only invest in shit you believe in/have experience a knowledgebase in; do your research.
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:43:46
@_date: 2017-12-14 07:38:50
Please can you take two lasers (green, red) and beam them at the Moon precisely 24 hours from when this comment is posted, beaming the green and red in tandem with the 1/0s of your code so I can read them off into notepad (Windows)? Thanks in advance.
@_date: 2015-01-06 16:44:04
Definitely. Then, we could just send out a team of Highly-Trained ninja's hired through TOR with Bitcoin, to quietly and efficiently dispatch of the offenders. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 07:40:02
Yeah, totally agree with this. As far as ETH languages go, however, there is no one language to create smart contracts in. Theoretically someone could create some Uber Lang that circumvents all/some of these issues. When EthereumS Viper language is released we will see less news like this.
Currently I think Solidity can be compared to C (and is obviously very similar to JS). It allows for too much flexibility in what one can do (EX, taken from Viper readme, 'operator overloading' in Solidity you may theoretically be able to overload '+' to mean 'transfer all ETH to XX wallet')
In other words Solidity doesn't exactly provide all the tools necessary to write good, secure, and bug-free contracts. Looking at some contracts in the wild, many are bloated and too complicated. Which produces bugs like this one. I'm thinking some Rust-like compile-time optimization and security is much needed in the Solidity world.
The developers realized this long ago and so that's why they are creating Viper
Or a better solution to ETH comes along that does away with these issues before ETH is able to get it together.
@_date: 2017-11-08 06:55:03
Pretty sure that's called NFC
@_date: 2019-04-16 16:24:32
Hopefully when decentralized exchanges become better, they replace coinmama and the others. I hope it happens soon.
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:53:31
Oh, oh! Does it end in 'C'?