@_author: instavcc
@_date: 2016-12-08 22:51:05
Hey, r/bitcoin!
Use this for 100% off: rbitcoin_smspv_rq8zrltchbhjed6uw6e4dhpf737zkul2guuqzqxs
2 phone verifications per person please :)
Just recently I've launched my SMS PV service on my website. Bitcoin is the only form of payment I accept. It is useful to verify accounts that require your phone number (whether it is to sign up or to gain extra features for your account), with our service you are able to bypass this requirement and therefore don't have to give away your real phone number. The prices are mostly ~0.65mBTC ($0.50), some are ~1.3mBTC ($1.00). Right now you can only receive one SMS message per number, but in the future you'll be able to request to receive more messages on the same number.
There are many features that I have planned, but for now I would like to test the service further. The functionality is already there, however we haven't really had the chance to have many people test it. I am really interested in hearing your suggestions and feedback!
The numbers are restocked regularly, but sometimes some options are not available. One popular (and busy) option is the 'other' one, which allows you to receive an SMS message from pretty much any website. This one might run out of stock quickly.
For now the coupon is limited at 50 uses max to prevent abuse. 
Thank you!
@_date: 2016-12-08 22:03:35
I don't think there are tens of millions of users yet. A few million maybe, that sounds like a more accurate guess. It's hard to have a clear estimate since it's so easy to create a new wallet and make transactions. A lot of the transactions are automated and made by bots used by exchanges and other big bitcoin services.
When there will be tens of millions of users you will feel it, most likely in the form of your bitcoins gaining more and more value quicker and quicker. :)
@_date: 2016-12-22 14:56:05
I'm a horrible trader. Each time I do something with my bitcoins I end up losing money. In 2013 I sold off all my bitcoins at $200 each, 2 weeks later the price was at $1000 each.
Nowadays it doesn't matter to me as much. Price went up 10%? Cool. Went down 10%? Oh well. If it crashes really bad I will just buy your coins at a cheap price from your shaky hands.
In bitcoin it all happens over and over again. From my own experience I regret that I didn't have the patience to hodl.
@_date: 2016-12-08 21:52:14
My small online business accepts Bitcoin as its only payment option.
The amount of Bitcoin users is pretty low compared to other forms of payment that exist today, but it is a very unique one. It is young, but it has grown really fast. It will take some time for the world to adapt, but you can already buy everything you need to live directly with Bitcoins in some places.
The main advantages are:
* It's safe. No disputes, no chargebacks.
* It's +1 payment option to your website.
* Low fees.
It seems that you want your customers to pay with Bitcoin, which will get converted to fiat. That is possible, and Bitpay is a great option for that. I myself use some websites which use Bitpay as a payment option and the user experience is really great (for the customers, I have not used it as a business). Never had a problem with them. You don't have to use a third party payment gateway though, you could receive payments directly into your bitcoin wallet (running a full node is optional since you can use 3rd party API), so that gives you more advantages:
* You own your money.
* Low fees (not only as a business, but as a customer as well)
* You could earn money from the volatility.
I'd say Bitcoin's price has been pretty stable lately, pretty much always climbing up. I understand if you don't want to take the risk though, and for that Bitpay is a great option.
@_date: 2017-09-22 21:11:11
Yes. They were really quick compared to other exchanges. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 14:17:03
They're too busy keeping our money "secure".