@_author: intersectingwebs
@_date: 2014-03-20 11:07:53
Bitcoin is regulated by a maths in a protocol that is 100% transparent. 
There will be no more than 21 million bitcoins, that the same regulation as if a centralbank in one country wanted to be very nice and transparent and told everyone in the country how much they planned to give out for the next 100 years. Thats as transparent and regulated as it gets. 
A protocol that is not hidden from public as the banks hide their money printing.
Its a protocol that can not easily be changed by anyone as such a change would not be backward compatible and would not work with what is used today. It would also be transparent. 
Bitcoin IS regulation of banks, as it makes it difficult for banks to lend out money they do not have.
Like this:
Which is what they do today. Between 95-97% of the money the lend out to people and let them pay interest on, is money the bank don´t even have.
Banks could not get away with this as easily when all money was cash. 
Because banks were not allowed, and could not copy cash. 
They used to have 30% of the money they lent out to people. Now they only have 3%. 
But they can get away with it in a bigger extent when they use digital numbers, because there are no laws against copying digital numbers as there were laws against copying notes.
With Bitcoin you have to have a bitcoin to send it to someone because its impossible to copy a bitcoin. 
This is regulation of the banks a regulation that the banks don´t want.
Therefor they start to spout that they need to "regulate" bitcoin in order to try to sound important when in reality its regulatory capture, a way to "regulate it" so it become unattractive to use and goes away, so they can continue to easily copy digital numbers and continue lending out money they do not have to have, and charge an interest for lending out the money thats not even there and continue to insert themselves between people who send money to each other and charge fees on this.
They are talking about regulating bitcoin, when in fact they are the ones that should be regulated.
Where is the talk about regulating the digital numbers that the banks use?
Where is the talk about updating the laws/definition of the laws that applied to cash so it also applies to the private banks digital currency?