@_author: internetpointfarmer
@_date: 2019-05-21 17:18:53
alright ill have to try and figure it all out ill mess around with it and send a message when i got it
edit: so i looked it up and to be clear 1000 satoshis is still bitcoin and not a different crypto right? just a super small amount?
and no nothing else i can think to ask. ill read up on what others said to also and i hopefully will be set
~~dont mean to spam you with edits but i have the wallet set up. how should i go about sending you an invoice on the app? should i just send the public key to you?~~
got it figured out:
@_date: 2019-05-21 15:28:48
i just watched a video on it and i seem to get it a bit more in terms of the keys. to make sure: you have a public key you use to buy or sell bitcoin? which i assume that means it would be okay to share that info in a transaction? and the private key which is basically your security and a way to access your BTC?
other than that i would want to ask what you recommend the route i should take to get started with all of this. as there seems to be a lot of options in the sidebar regarding wallets and exchange sites.  where to get the keys especially though
@_date: 2019-05-22 10:18:49
Quick question. some months ago i remember bitcoin being around 3k and i dont remember the website but there was a live chat of people hoping it would go up to 4k, and now its at 7.9k i believe? anyways what im getting at is i was stupid to not be super into bitcoin at the time and not willing to learn what i need to. and now that i have/am learning about BTC and wanting to buy some, should i buy some now or wait? im unsure if itll drop lower like that again, but on the other hand it could keep steadily going up? of course its impossible to know that i was hoping someone experienced would know something
@_date: 2019-05-22 00:53:28
thats fine, thanks for all the help from everyone though
@_date: 2019-05-21 14:52:06
i have been reading up online about bitcoin and stuff on the sidebar, but the more i learn the more i feel overwhelmed and understand less. and im hoping i can get some dumbed down help. 
regarding ownership of BTC, how do these keys work and how exactly do you get one? is one given to you when you purchase X amount from somewhere? and from some comments ive seen on other posts with an online service like coinbase i dont really own that bitcoin? 
For investing in BTC would i at some point invest in a hardware wallet? and if so can you periodically sell and buy despite having that wallet or is there a lengthier process? 
sorry if this is really simple but im just not completely understanding