@_author: intelligent_dress
@_date: 2019-07-29 11:10:20
No, the Bancor is a not simply a unit of account. It is a global unit of account for the whole world.
Friedman never advocated for the abolition of central banks - but that their primary function, balancing trade surpluses and deficits, be computerized. Something like Keynes' Bancor with blockchain tech makes this much more feasible.
@_date: 2019-07-14 13:50:54
The majority of people in every country can't even find their capital city on the map. Yes, money is a legal concept enforced by the ruling sovereignty.  The majority's opinion on the subject is irrelevant.
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:16:00
You don't seem to grasp that history has proven that a debt based system appears necessary to promote social and economic stability.  This is why in the past, before modern banking and technology, debt jubilees were such an easy thing to do.  Everyone knew the money was just made up, so cancelling the debts was easy.  
Then of course we have the problem of capitalism, where interest is one of the primary means of extracting surplus labor value. In the US, where most people acquire money from trickle-down economics thanks to USD hegemony, interest is a way for the bourgeoisie to extract wealth from them too.  
The solution is communism.  Money is and always will be fiat.  What we need is not Stalinist central planning, but a decentralized planning and distribution system for manufactured goods.  The distribution of global commodities is, for all intents and purposes, as centralized as under the Soviet Union so transitioning that to communism is easy.   
After that, money simply becomes a token for buying the fruits of the means of production. We already have fewer companies per industry in the US than the Soviet Union did.  So things will remain relatively unchanged, except for the bourgeoisie who will lose their mansions and lavish lifestyles.  
What politicians and bitcoin people don't understand is money is inherently political.  It evolved, in the beginning, as a way to settle civil court debts and then as a way to establish sovereignty by imposing taxes in state currency.  Money is just a scoreboard for how we allocate the means of production. They are mere numbers in a huge ledger, or rather a huge computer.  
Limiting money or expanding money is not the problem. The problem is the people who control the money. 
And this has always been case - why do you think Jesus whipped the money changers?
@_date: 2019-07-08 21:42:46
Euro member states are not sovereign in the same sense that constituent states of the United States of America are not sovereign.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:30:29
That's about as stupid as separating law from the state. 
Law and Money is what DEFINES a state.  A sovereignty that cannot regulate the value of money, demand its payment in taxes, settle civil disputes in that currency, and enforce the law is not a sovereignty.  
What is worse is that this is what the globalist ruling class WANTS you to believe. They WANT you to believe money is not political as they will be a shadow sovereignty operating through the UN and international investment banks.
@_date: 2019-07-29 11:51:05
balancing trade has nothing to do with central planning. You do not understand international trade, exchange rates, or why the Bancor was even proposed. 
You also do not understand why central banks exist (they are not for central planning).
@_date: 2019-07-26 03:44:44
Crypto is only tolerated at the moment as a public test of what is the best/fastest technology.  In time, a public ledger will be incorporated into all national and reserve currencies.   
Private crypto will of course be banned.
@_date: 2019-07-25 13:49:50
That is not the purpose of central banks. Central banks do no create money. Banks create money.  Central banks regulate money exchange rates and are essential for international trade.  What central banks DO allow is for banks to create more money than they otherwise would as reserves, like gold, are no longer required.  
This has served two purposes: the technological advancements of the 20th century allowed for pretty good capital allocation and the creation of the modern world as you know it. It also allowed banks to expand the supply of USD to the point where the US economy essentially functions as an empire with the GDP bolstered by skimming off the top of global trade.
@_date: 2019-07-20 19:18:46
Central bankers created blockchain technology so that a future reserve currency unit could better incorporate all the factors discussed by John Maynard Keynes' when the Bancnor was proposed.  
Bitcoin is simply a testrun before forex trading is banned, national currencies are for domestic use only, and all foreign exchange will be conducted in Bancors.
@_date: 2019-07-29 20:39:32
And I'm sure you think the US needs to take out 90-day loans.
You don't understand international economics.  Sovereign debt is about coordinating international exchange.  The interest rates signal future exchange rates. Long term debt = stability. Short-term debt - instability. 
Under a bancor system, these methods would no longer be required. 
You're honestly a total idiot if you think that sovereign debt has anything to do with price fixing. 
You probably believe money grows on trees too, right?
@_date: 2019-07-18 03:44:42
There is not a single court in the world that will adjudicate debts in bitcoins.  Bitcoin has nothing to do with banking, other than the fact you can sell them for sovereign currency in most countries and deposit it into a bank account.
@_date: 2019-07-29 02:19:29
Milton Friedman = Arch globalist and the architect of all IMF and World Bank austerity policies. 
Bitcoin = test run for Keynes' bancor with blockchain technology.
@_date: 2019-07-19 02:35:42
The courts WILL deal with bitcoin but they cannot force a defendant to pay a debt in anything other than United States Dollars. This is in the fucking constitution.  
Bitcoin will be treated as any valuable asset like baseball cards, comic books, sports cars, or whatever.  
Arbitration is obviously a different matter. Anyone agreeing to arbitration waives their right to the power of the government to intervene in their dispute.  They are not insurmountable contracts, and are often discarded to the point one can argue they are worthless except when a judge explicitly explains the consequences and they still agree.
@_date: 2019-07-26 17:43:43
Banning crypto is quite easy. The entire global financial system will use blockchain technology for the coming UN mediated reserve currency unit.  The entire purpose of blockchain is to prevent trade surpluses and deficits.  Other ciphers will simply not be recognized by the World Bank, and will be useless for international trade. 
They could still be used like comic books.  
The governments of the world only allow the exchange of bitcoin into fiat currency as part of a testing program.
In a few years, the world will be like it was before 1975. Forex trading, including crypoto, will be banned.  The UN will determine exchange rates (using metadata from blockchain ledgers).  And life will go on.
@_date: 2019-07-11 19:23:48
Inflation is necessary as long as banks are allowed to create money with a future interest obligation.  The money supply must increase not simply because the population increases, but because every new dollar created - with the the exception of our tiny deficits - comes with a future interest obligation.
People who talk about inflation have consumed capitalist propaganda.  Bankers don't want you to know that the government has delegated to them the power to create money along with a future interest obligation.  Running large fiscal deficits of interest free money would cut into their profits and allow the citizens to pay down their debts.
Instead, we get "austerity" so that people can live in perpetual debt servitude.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:37:16
There is no such thing as a deficit. The United States of America is the most powerful nation in the history of mankind and can create an unlimited quantity of dollars, with the limit only being inflation.
Ensuring grandma has a basic standard of living will not lead to inflation. In fact, inflation only really happens when a government loses sovereignty, i.e. Germany or borrowers in foreign currency like many South American countries or Zimbabwe.   
Money is a unit of a account in a computer.  It is not sitting in a vault somewhere.
@_date: 2019-11-03 00:55:25
Negative interest rates are more about balancing trade surpluses and deficits. It's been a long time since people used savings accounts for anything.
@_date: 2019-11-14 02:10:40
The national debt represents the WORLD'S use of United States Dollars for foreign exchange.  There is no relationship between the national debt and the domestic economy, except in as much as it lets us export inflation to the rest of the world due to an overvalued USD.  This is why there is a call to implement something like Keynes' Bancor, which will incorporate blockchain technology. Blockchain tech was never intended for domestic currency use, though were it used as such it would be a huge invasion of privacy and eliminate any kind of black market dealing.
@_date: 2019-11-26 15:16:39
I thought the whole purpose of bitcoin was to be a stable unit of value.  How is gambling on appreciation supposed to work? How can an economy function if people don't invest, but just buy bitcoins and wait for them to appreciate in value?
@_date: 2019-11-02 14:03:55
The whole purpose of negative interest rates is to prevent speculation/hoarding and to deploy capital in investment.  If everyone just kept their money in savings accounts, it would do nothing to grow the economy. And no, banks don't lend deposits.
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:02:44
Money is not made of paper.  Money is a unit of account in myriad banking computers around the world.  
Sovereign debt has nothing to do with domestic currency. Sovereign debt is about managing foreign exchange surpluses and deficits.  Your financial dictionary is bullshit. 
As well, the money multiplier is a flat out lie.  Banks have no need to take deposits.  Banks don't lend money. They create money with a future interest obligation attached, with the debt instrument enforced by the sovereignty that regulates the currency and controls the civil court system.
There is no limit to how much money a bank can create, except for credit worthy borrowers.   
You're an idiot, and so is that website.  I mean seriously. The US issues debt instruments from 90 days to 30 years. 
Do you really think the most powerful nation in the history of mankind needs to borrow money that only it has the sovereign right to create, and for a mere 90 days?   
You haven't put any serious thought into this.
@_date: 2019-11-13 02:23:04
Money has not been "debased".  The entire concept that money should remain fixed in value for all eternity is the dumbest idea out of the libertarian arsenal of stupidity. What is hilarious is only a government fix the value of money.  Bitcoin is more volatile than the junk bond market.  The market is totally manipulated, and far worse than being "debased".  Comic books are a more stable gamble.
@_date: 2019-11-13 13:31:19
Sounds like the comic book bubble of the 1990s.  
I see no reason why bitcoin can or ever will be stable.  It can only be stable if civil courts adjudicate contracts in bitcoin, which they will never do. It can only be stable if people HAVE to work for it in order to pay taxes, which can only be paid in sovereign currency. 
You completely ignore the reason why sovereign currency is stable in a wealthy, prosperous country - there is a well-functioning civil court system and taxes are collected broadly enough the majority of people have to work in order to pay them.  
Bitcoin is not a currency.  It is not money. It is, as you say, an asset - a mere number - that has no force of the law behind it.  
And for the record, you're young.  I've been using email since the late 1980s.  The importance of email was well understood, even in the early 1990s.  I would go so far to say its adoption was fairly rapid, to the point that everyone who had the means to buy a modern computer had some kind of access to email.  
What I do understand is the blockchain technology bitcoin was created to demonstrate, and test in the black market, will be incorporated into sovereign currency in time. Then, bitcoin will be banned just as forex trading was banned prior to 1975.
@_date: 2019-10-12 20:03:46
All billionaires are criminals.  Bitcoin, while it will never be truly valuable as no court will adjudicate disputes or debts in it, frees assholes like this from the law.
@_date: 2019-10-05 04:01:45
Humanity can function only within the confines of Dunbar's Number.  About 200 people. Anything more than that requires "violence" in your sense, although violence is the nature of the world.  
The concept that society can function without centralized control beyond a society of 200 people is inconsistent with nature.  
Many have dreamed of alternative social arrangements, but in the end, there is always a hierarchy.  
Today, we know the reason why: intelligence is hereditary and follows a bell curve distribution. Only about 20% of mankind is capable of independent, rational thought that liberals ascribe to all humans.  The other 80% are effectively superfluous, particularly today where machines have replaced what labor they once offered.  
The fundamental flaw of all liberal ideologies, including libertarianism, is the belief in the tabula rasa myth and the denial of the biological origins of intelligence.
@_date: 2019-08-20 14:10:30
A complete inability to understand sovereign debt. 
Sovereign debt is like the savings account for international banks for currency used for foreign exchange.  About 70% of trade is settled in US dollars, which is why the US debt is so high. These are not bubbles, but accounting systems.  The value of sovereign currencies are no longer officially fixed, but the US, through various mechanisms (See the work of Michael Hudson) of foreign policy, particularly war, imposes uniformity to a high degree.   Breaking out the Eurozone countries is a little misleading as that situation is a bit more complicated as those countries are not monetarily sovereign and hence not really sovereign at all.  The Eurozone should be looked at as a sovereign country in its own right, when discussing international monetary policy.
@_date: 2019-08-20 14:22:55
This has only happened for countries under military occupation or under severe foreign imperialist power.
In time, domestic currencies will not be used for foreign exchange. We will transition to an international reserve currency unit, like what Keynes proposed when the UN was founded and why the World Bank and International Monetary Fund were created. 
Inflation exists under only two circumstances
1) A country's sovereignty is waining, either due to military conquest or indirect conquest (Venezuela, Weimar Germany, which was inflating away its war indemnity and was under military occupation, Nazi Germany when the Reichmark value dropped to zero)
2) Normal operations where most money creation is by banks and the ruling sovereignty has to issue debt free money on a regular basis so that people don't have to take out more loans to service existing debts.
@_date: 2019-08-01 01:32:44
Sovereign debt is not for "the people" it is for central banks. Negative interest rates decreases the supply of money, which according to some ideologies is a good thing.  I do not concur.
@_date: 2019-10-30 18:54:52
99.9% of all money has been a number in a computer for decades.  For all intents and purposes, money has gone away and it did long before blockchain technology was invented.
@_date: 2019-10-14 01:01:26
What about comic books and baseball cards?
@_date: 2019-08-03 13:46:10
Central banks do not print money. End of story. You have no idea what you are talking about. 
What do you think austerty is?  These statistics are available on the fucking IMF website.  
You are delusional about how money works in a modern economy.
You also do not understand that 95% of money is created as a bank loan with a future interest obligation attached.  
Interest and debt is slavery.  Money creation by sovereign entities (i.e. money printing) is the only way to prevent all the money going to the bankers. It is the reason we don't have debt jubilees.  
You're ignorance is astounding and you have a lot to learn.
@_date: 2019-10-08 04:11:50
You don't seem to get it.  Governments will be banning physical money soon. It is already happening.  You may believe physical money has a purpose, but governments do not agree with you.  I have made no argument. I have stated facts.  99.99% of money exists as a number in a computerized ledger.  Governments are banning physical money. These are facts. Not arguments.  
You may not like it, but there isn't a damned thing you can do about it.
@_date: 2019-08-23 08:31:52
the SDR failed was proposed, largely in response to Robert Triffin's work, which as the Triffin Paradox still holds true today. It was not adopted because 1) it was barely more flexible than the gold standard it was intended to replace, 2) had nowhere near the flexibility of Keynes' Bancor and 3) the US had every intention of imposing USD hegemony to seize control of the world's natural resources and bring down the Soviet Union. 
The SDR is a relic, which modern analytical technology and blockchain technology has rendered obsolete. 
Within a normal banking system (normal being = that employed by 1st world countries) the only two ways to create money are via running fiscal deficits (sovereign nations have no need to tax currency only they have the legal right to create) and bank loans (for example, as defined in the use law FIRREA where they are known as "new money" loans).   
Money created by the issuing sovereignty as a result of taxes falling below expenses is the only way to create debt free money.  
Now, we could do what the Romans did and set up state run banks that issue 0% loans to areas heavily affected by debts, employ debt cancellation schemes, or any number of alternatives. But that is how 1st world monetary systems work.  I have no knowledge of how banking works in say, China.
Also note that that the above does NOT apply to countries that are NOT monetarily sovereign, i.e. Argentina. If they owe "national debt" denominated in a currency other than their own, the situation changes radically. These countries are more like vassal states, so in a sense - their entire economy is about owing debt to their master.
@_date: 2019-10-08 22:56:19
Describing the world as it is, is not the same thing as makng an argument. This is the second time you have made this error.
@_date: 2019-10-08 04:56:51
Those places, when it comes to the global exchange rate system blockchain technology is intended to facilitate, are irrelevant.  
Barbarian people will be systematically marginalized if their lands contain necessary natural resources (see Venezuela, Chinese actions in Africa) or ignored entirely if their lands have nothing of value (See much of Indonesia). 
There is a world war underway.  Keeping physical money around for barbarians (who don't really use it anyway) will not matter.  The global capitalist class has effectively secured global domination of all necessary resources and technology has rendered the majority of humans (i.e. billions) obsolete.  
They don't have reliable electricity or cell service because there is no point in giving it to them.  They are superfluous, and the less they have, the faster they die.
@_date: 2019-06-19 01:05:09
You don't understand the purpose of bitcoin or blockchain. They are testing grounds for implementing a "social credit" system like China uses, along with balance trade imbalances.  
Facebook is a government op.  Eventually, the same tech WILL be used for fiat currency.  Anad when that time comes, all other blockchain speculative units of account will be banned.
@_date: 2019-10-08 03:06:20
99.99% of all money is a number in a computer. This is why many countries are phasing out physical money.  It is only really useful for buying drugs.  And they will in time replace current forms of sovereign currency with blockchain technology, so that they can track where it has gone.
This is why bitcoin advocates are so deluded. They do not realize they are part of a grand experiment. The blockchain technology that you worship is going to be used to eliminate free movement of capital outside the watchful eye of government.  They MAY allow bitcoin to remain in order to keep the black market small and decentralized. Or they may just legalize drugs all together making the primary reason bitcoin exists null and void.  
But at the end of the day, cash is a relic of another era that is quickly coming to an end.  It serves no purpose, outside of facilitating illegal transactions.
@_date: 2019-10-28 19:08:31
This "problem" has been in existence since civilization began. There has never been a society that had banks operate in any other way. There have at times been exchange rate systems based on gold, but this has nothing to do with how banks operate. They have always been granted the power to create money as debt, enforced by the civil court system of the ruling sovereignty. This is because until very recently, it was impossible for a central government to allocate capital efficiently over large geographic areas.  
You can make an argument that capital should be allocated by some other means, but whatever numbers game you play, it really doesn't matter unless it works. 
As it stands, no civilization in history has employed monetary creation in any significant way besides via banks creating money as debt.  Rothbard was an idiot, and his utopian ideals have never been adopted anywhere or taken seriously by any economists.
@_date: 2019-10-08 16:14:22
If you spent time traveling the country, or if you lived in Manhattan as I do, you would see that the country is transitioning as most of the rest of the world is, to a bifurcated society with the capitalist class residing in major cities with a few resort areas that cater to their needs (say, Park City, Utah, East Hampton, etc.) with ongoing economic decline elsewhere. 
That said, places without reliable electricity and cell service are extremely remote and affect a tiny number of people compared to the overall population such that the topic is moot.  
This is in stark contrast to places like Africa or India where probably a billion people at minimum do not have reliable access to electricity or cell service.  
You're simply being pedantic, as well as needlessly vulgar.
@_date: 2019-06-22 21:50:15
Money cannot be sound when governments do not demand taxes paid in that money nor adjudicate public and private debts in that money. Government determines the value of money and its impact, in aggregate, on the economy.   
Bitcoin is not money.  The "immutable ledger" will in time contain other references besides the transactional history that limits the overall supply.  
An come on. Why the fuck do you think Facebook is coming out with a bitcoin competitor? Just for the fun of it?
@_date: 2019-06-12 21:50:38
To desire deflation means you do not understand banking.
Banks do not lend deposits. Loans create deposits. Virtually every dollar created is created as debt, which comes with a future, exponentially increasing interest obligation.  
The money supply MUST increase or those who lend money end up with all of it due said exponentially increasing demand to service interest.
@_date: 2019-06-24 18:22:23
Ok, tell us where money comes from.  A sovereign demands taxes be paid in coins bearing his likeness. Where do these coins come from?   
You sue someone for a tort, and the judge rules in your favor and you win 10,000 coins with the sovereign's likeness engraved on them. Where do these coins come from?
Explain to us which jurisdictions accept bitcoin for public (taxes and civil court debts) debts and private debts (credit carts, mortgages, etc.)
Bitcoin and Facebook's efforts are testing games for a future currency, which will allow greater surveillance, social control via a social credit system that Facebook is great for, and ultimately a global reserve currency unit like Keynes' Bancor that will in the blockchain contain all relevant metrics to prevent trade imbalances between nations. 
You don't have a clue about money, the first United Nations conference, the relevance of this topic to worldwide 2, nor Keynes' Bancor, the reason for supranational infrastructure investment banks... I could go on.  
All of the coins you are talking about will in time be banned as all coins were besides the USD prior to 1975 after the Nixon Shock.
@_date: 2019-09-27 16:49:51
Your post is pretty funny.   I almost can't tell if it's legitimate comedy or not.
"the free market will sove this" hahaha
@_date: 2019-09-18 05:35:08
It is also backed by a civil court system.  No one is going to be writing contracts in bitcoin anytime soon, and no court will adjudicate debts denominated in bitcoins.  At the same time, violence is what makes legal systems and civilization possible.  Libertarians deny this, and of course are the ones who are the largest proponents of bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-18 15:50:54
The United States of America is the most powerful nation in the history of mankind.  It is the sole sovereign authority that has the right, backed by the most powerful political and military system ever, to create United States Dollars. 
The Federal Government is not a household. It does not need to "take in" money. It creates money. All money comes from it.  
Where do you think the government borrows money from? The magical keepers of the money trees?
This mythology is just so retarded I can't believe people still just don't get it.  
The Federal Reserve is NOT the monetary authority, as the Constitution clearly indicates only Congress has the right to coin money and regulate its value.  Congress also, obviously is the fiscal authority that spends the money it creates.  Taxes have nothing to do with raising revenue.
@_date: 2019-09-19 02:03:18
No.  Sovereign debt is an accounting system of global trade. We issue bonds to control exchange rates. Do you really think the US needs to borrow 90 days? 
Do you think it was a coincidence income tax was legalized when the federal reserve was created?
The federal reserve allowed banks to greatly expand money creation. We needed income taxes to prevent inflation and misallocation of capital.  That is all taxes are for, outside of the traditional purpose of imposing sovereignty (like in the Bible).  
Currency does not "debase". it is a scoreboard and a method of capital allocation.  According to libertarians, the USD has been debased since the Federal Reserve was created, yet the United States of America has become the most powerful Empire in history, controls 75% of global trade, has a military larger than the rest of the world combined, and is the intellectual and media capital of the world. 
All money, since the beginning of time, is "created out of thin air" meaning created by government authority.  This is what makes civilization possible.  Inflation has never been a problem ever, except in countries that are not monetarily sovereign (Argentina) or are under military occupation.
Inflation is necessary to service existing debts, instead of debt jubilees. It is necessary to supply money to a growing population (and the world has quadrupled in population in just 75 years).
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:30:48
Libertarianism, and liberalism in general, are unnatural consructs. No, it is impossible to have a world without violence without removing free will, an essential component of human existence, from life.  
Blockchain technology is part of a global scheme of control, which is beyond the point of your question.  Full deployment of it on a global basis will involve violence, likely on a massive scale henceforth unknown. 
@_date: 2019-09-28 07:49:13
noted.  Must ponder. Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:46:00
Money is a scoreboard of capital - the combination of the political, social, and genetic attributes of a given people combined with their access to natural resources and the ability to exploit them to, at minimum, increase their numbers as all living things are compelled to do.  
Banks, and their ability to create money, were a solution once city states grew into countries and empires. It was also for the central government to allocate capital correctly, so this power was delegated to banks and civil courts were setup to enforce their contracts.  
Various methods of dealing with extensive debt burdens were employed in history. Most of the time, you simply had debt jubiles.  Muslims tried banning exponential interest, which limits the impact.  Romans would setup state banks that would give out 0% interest loans to the plebs until the crisis abated.  In modern times, we run fiscal deficitis - interest free money created by the government - which when given to the middle class tends to reduce debt burdens.   
As to the "why"?  It is the only system, as of yet, that has worked since civilization began.  What bitcoin demands is a radical social revolution.  These never end well, and never get off the ground without clearly explaining how and why this new system is connected to the past and will be better in the future.
@_date: 2019-09-18 04:17:34
The Federal Reserve does not "print money". Banks create money as loans. The Treasury Department "prints money", and decides later whether it should be taxed or not.
@_date: 2019-09-19 14:18:07
1) No country will adopt a currency that is not one they issue. There is only one single thing that us universal in history that defines sovereignty, and that is issuance of state regulated currency, collecting taxes in that currency, and a uniform civil court system that adjudicates debt in that currency. To do as you describe would mean complete ceding of sovereignty to "the market", which is total bullshit.
2) Libertarians do not understand that it is violence that imposes order that makes civilization possible. Violence forces people to accept sovereign currency "for all debts public and private", which is what made advanced economies possible. This is in fucking Plato's laws for God's sake.  They do not understand that violence backs up the civil court system, when torts are committed.  They do not understand that it is violence that makes people pay taxes, which is ultimately what binds the citizen to the ruling sovereignty.  
In short, libertarians do not understand that it is social unity that gives us civilization. And that unity is imposed via taxes, sovereign currency, and laws. And you don't have a choice in the matter.
@_date: 2019-09-28 03:13:46
Bitcoin is not legal tender. Plenty of hard money lenders exist.  Your post is incomprehensible.
@_date: 2019-09-27 17:37:01
Umm, actually, the world never has used gold as a foundation of money to any significant degree. Why is this? Because it is scarce. What it has been used for, at times, is as a reserve currency - the currency of exchange between nations. 
Those who believe otherwise, are ignorant of history.  The use of gold to subjugate has been the major reason for several key wars in history, such as the American Revolution.  The problem was not "taxation without representation" it was the British wanted to create a gold based global exchange rate system. And the taxes were to be paid in gold.  The problem was, America had no gold.  Yet here we are today.
The Roman Republic despised gold worship, and the Punic Wars were entirely about the Carthaginians imposing a gold based exchange rate system in conflict with Rome, which was based on iron and will. All the gold in the world - which is really what the Cartheginians had - could not buy them an army capable of preventing their destruction. 
Of course, the most modern example would be the Third Reich, no matter what your politics. A small country the size of Texas but with no oil and no gold was able to fight the largest Empire in history, which had a gold based exchange rate system, and controllled 1/4 of the planet, and nearly win.
@_date: 2019-09-22 14:28:29
I use bitcoin to buy drugs because it's convenient. That's it. And that's what pretty much everyone else does. 
 I think bro, you've  bought too much acid off the DNW.
@_date: 2019-09-27 14:00:38
How do you propose that our financial system is to function if there is a hard cap on the supply of money? How do people repay loans? Do you propose eliminating banking all together?  How can a hard cap on the supply of money function when the population is growing? If no one is in charge, how do we enforce any contracts with bitcoin, debt or otherwise?  
Your ideological stance here is, quite frankly, shocking.
@_date: 2019-09-18 04:33:21
Because the country has yet to recover from the Clinton surplus years, pathetic deficits in the 2000s, and austerity until basically now.  
Virtually all money created for 20 years has been via bank loans, all of which comes with a future interest obligation.
The problem is there are no more creditworthy borrowers.  Real estate has been leveraged to absurd levels. Investment banks no longer invest in industry, since the USD remains too strong for domestic industry to really take off.
In short, the government needs to either declare a debt jubilee, or eliminate income taxes for a year.
@_date: 2019-09-18 15:34:23
You do realize that the Roman Republic conquered the gold worshiping Phoenicians with nothing more than iron coins.
Money is political. It doesn't matter what it is made out of it.  The unity and power of a people is infinitely more important than anything used as a monetary accounting system. I mean shit, the British Empire was using wooden talley sticks until the 19th century.  
Gold has rarely been used as money because it is rare and not liquid. Its use has almost exclusively been that of a reserve currency, but even that proved difficult as the many sunken Spanish Galleons can attest.
@_date: 2019-09-29 00:53:51
Umm, actually these topics are not really suitable for "media" given the complexity.  The topic goes as far back to Plato's Laws, to many archaeological texts, speeches from Roman Senators of why Carthage must burtn, Poetic works such as Ezra Pound's Cantos, which eloquently highlights the conflict of gold in the foundation of the United States, to well - people like Adolf Hitler himself and what he accomplished with no gold.
These are academic subjects, and are best studied in books.
If you would like my best recommendation on how money has functioned throughout history, this is the most current and thorough.
The book is narrative, and easier to understand for most people.  This is why I recommend it. But there are many books on the archaeology of money going back to the 19th century.  Really, no one who seriously studies the topic believes gold was ever significant in the rise of civilization.
@_date: 2019-09-28 05:56:30
This again shows how bitcoin advocates do not understand the political nature of money. 
There is a world war underway. It has been ongoing since before any bitcoin fanatic was born.  It is a war over scarce natural resources and ultimately for global domination.  
Venezuela has a special kind of heavy oil that requires no special modification that is useful for tar.  While the United States now has most of the world's oil, it is wasteful process to use domestic oil for this purpose when it has value on the foreign market. 
Hence, we have directed economic warfare at Venezuela, and we see this in the dollarization of their economy.  Previously, Venezuela, like Iran, and Iraq and every other country the US has attacked, refused to trade in USD.  
It doesn't matter the nominal number of dollars used for anything in Venezuela. What matters is the United States now controls their economy, and since we can create an unlimimted number of dollars, we will always have first access to their very special oil.  
And at the end of the day, that's all that matters to the bourgoisie.  The rest of the people can rot and die.
@_date: 2019-05-19 16:53:59
Do you deny that the United States of America has been at near constant war for the past 80 years?  
Do you understand what USD hegemony means?  Do you understand what the word hegemony means?
Do you claim that natural resources can be allocated in some manner that does *not* involve force?  Do you believe individuals and companies have a right to own the earth's scarce resources?
It is interesting that you believe the supposed crimes of communists from a century ago, but ignore the crimes of the American government that occur every single day. 
The reality is you have adopted anti-communist propaganda, without bothering to research any of it.
"Let’s just admit you don’t want to have to work for your free shit "
Do you believe that the worldwide unemployment rate of about 30% to 50% is because people are lazy or otherwise their choice?  How do you propose to solve this unemployment crisis, if "working" is the criteria for how the fruits of the means of production are distributed?
@_date: 2019-05-20 18:17:10
@_date: 2019-05-20 01:02:13
You need medication son.
@_date: 2019-05-14 21:01:26
How on earth does math have "intrinsical" value?
@_date: 2019-05-19 03:18:06
I am a Marxist.
@_date: 2019-05-19 01:34:11
Ron Paul has to be the dumbest man alive.  That anyone could believe that goldbuggery freak after all these years of failed predictions, I'll never understand.
@_date: 2019-05-20 01:24:12
I mean, I think you need a punch in the face. But, this is reddit afterall.
@_date: 2019-05-14 13:33:26
Bitcoin can be used to:
1) Buy illegal things
2) send money to friends/family to be converted to fiat
3) buy from overseas where US banks can be a PIA (I buy prescription drugs from India at a fraction of the US cost using BTC)
Fiat currency issued by a stable and suitably strong sovereignty can be used to:
1) pay taxes or other public debts
2) pay civil debts adjudicated in civil courts
3) Pay debts (related to 
4) buy almost anything.
@_date: 2019-05-14 20:59:57
What you are describing is not "investing". It is called speculating. There is a difference.
@_date: 2019-05-20 02:26:59
Umm, were I an internet tough guy, I don't think I would have exclaimed "this is reddit".
Again, I have been very close to you libertarian clowns.  You need a little beating (torture!!) just to make you realize that "freedom" from "force" is not possible. 
I won't be the one to deliver that blow.  More than likely, as the global capitalist class tightens their grip, you'll just end up dead. Nothing more than the miserable wretch that you already are.
@_date: 2019-05-17 16:49:28
Polemics is not anger - it works by instigating anger in the weak, who believe for example numbers have value. Or comic books.
@_date: 2019-05-14 21:00:38
And a number in a computer is somehow related to strength?  The majority of bitcoin billionaires, in a more civilized age, would be tilling the field for their lord.
@_date: 2019-05-20 00:51:28
If you were 45, you wouldn't have this fervor.  And you would understand just how many books you have read over the past 25 years.  
I have read the Wealth of Nations. It does not say what most libertarians believe it does.  Though, the same would be true of Das Kapital, particularly Book III.  
My personal position is that we do not live in a capitalist society any longer. We have reverted to feudalism.
@_date: 2019-05-19 14:50:36
The US has killed far more people than any country in history by a significant margin. It has been constant war since 1941 in order to maintain the hegemony of the United States dollar.  Fuck, hundreds die every day just from random drone strikes.  Like, today.
And that is not counting the 10 million people who die every day from simple starvation thanks to the inability of capitalism to allocate global resources effectively.
@_date: 2019-05-20 00:38:57
Go back to Roosh's forum you prick.  I've been in this game since you were wearing diapers.  You're not telling me anything I haven't heard before. 
With the exception of Richard Spencer, every alt-right personality is just like you - a sexually frustrated, angry young man with no talents nor special skills. You derive your entire identity from your political ideology in the vain hope that it will get you pussy.  
It won't.
@_date: 2019-05-19 15:09:15
Because I have studied economics, and you have not.
@_date: 2019-05-15 02:22:33
You obviously have never read Plato, nor understand what irony is. 
Money is one of the primary projections of sovereign power, and it has always been recognized as such.  
At the moment, bitcoin is allowed to flourish primarily due to its blockchain technology.  The purposes are twofold:
1) The technology is being used to control the black market
2) It serves as a technological example of how to trace financial transactions, particularly within a mechanism similar to what Keynes' proposed as the Bancor.  In time, bitcoin WILL be banned, just as gold ownership and forex trading was banned after the United Nations was founded.  Blockchain technology will form the basis of a new international reserve currency unit, and domestic currencies for sufficiently advanced countries. 
What you are seeing today is nothing more than an experiment.
@_date: 2019-05-15 03:10:21
Sure.  Point taken.
@_date: 2019-05-19 15:22:22
Sorry, hungover.
@_date: 2019-05-20 17:41:41
You keep grasping at straws and repeating your delusional beliefs. 
1)Average lifespan hasn't increased significantly in centuries, when you exclude children under 10 who died due to genetic defects.  This should be obvious - how many famous people were there from the late 19th century that were more healthy and productive than your typical 70+ year old today?  Many.  
2) I have very low regard for reddit stalkers who, in the hope of crafting ever more potent invectives, stalk other interest of members in the hopes of eliciting a response.  You are repeating a great many lies about history, and demonstrate some serious genocide obsessions.   I'm not going to bother educating you about the history of testosterone discovery, synthesis, mass production, and discovery of active analogs used today.  
Now, go back to your video games and masturbating...  This is really quite tedious.
@_date: 2019-05-17 17:56:46
This is due to the insidious nature of libertarianism.  Only the government is bad.  Humans freed from the oppressiveness of government are productive, wealthy capitalists.
@_date: 2019-05-19 18:17:45
I dispute that the Soviet Union ever committed genocide, or that genocide is somehow intrinsic to Marxism.   Perhaps you can enlighten on when this transpired, and I'll happily explain to you the origins of the propaganda you inexplicably believe.  
All of that said, seizing the means of production from the roughly 100,000 global capitalists who control them will obviously entail revolution and violence.
Finally, I find it comical that you are deflecting away from the massive violence that the United States has used to maintain the USD empire.  You talk about events that occurred likely before you were born (no one is a serious libertarian after age 30), yet you have grown up with America killing people every single day of your life.  
How on earth have communists been worse than Americans?
It would seem that you want to confirm that politics involves violence.  It does.  Anyone who, for example, read Plato's Politics would realize this.  You're a real genius.
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:35:07
Listen, bro, I'm 42 years old.  I've been reading books since long before you were born.
@_date: 2019-05-15 02:30:30
This is history.  Do you have any idea why the conference where the UN was founded was called the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference?  Do you know what the Nixon Shock was?  Do you know what year forex trading was legalized?  
No, of course you don't.
And, you don't know what sarcasm is.
@_date: 2019-05-19 19:10:01
I'll bet you 1 bitcoin you've never read the Wealth Of Nations in its entirety.
@_date: 2019-05-17 17:41:13
Yes.  The purpose of bitcoin is to be a proof of concept for a future reserve currency unit similar to Keynes' Bancor and regulated by the UN.  They want to see how robust blockchain technology is, and if it can literally function as the accounting system for the global means of production.
@_date: 2019-05-19 23:21:24
That's a lot of words. You don't like me. I don't give a fuck.
Your kind wastes your life playing video games and jacking off to porn. Your emotional response is due to your own insecurities and inability to function in day-to-day life. Really, it is the alienation that capitalism excels at. You believe you've found meaning as some sort of ideological warrior. But, you don't mean shit. To anyone.
@_date: 2019-05-15 00:37:24
So, banks that are delegated the power to create money by sovereign entities, some of which like the United States of America command vast arsenals of nuclear weapons, are going to be overrun by a bunch of geeks and their mathematical equations?  
If the United States of America banned ownership of cryptocurrency under penalty of death, that would it be. Finished. over. done.  And if you follow the logic Plato gave us in Politics, it may be a good idea.  To whom are the owners of crypto loyal?   Themselves.  
Not a very healthy nor stable society.
@_date: 2019-05-17 15:10:22
I prefer comic books. They are real pieces of art. This is just some degenerate nerd masturbating to math.