@_author: internalaudit
@_date: 2014-01-02 09:06:09
I am definitely willing to look at the repeatable experiments set up by *Austrian Economics*. Only a repeatable experiment can be a starting point for any reasonable debate. I consider everything else to be mere verbiage. In absence of repeatable experiments, they should not call any theory *science*.
@_date: 2014-01-03 01:59:27
Western populations are trapped inside this system -- that they cannot escape -- because of their individualism.
None of the enforcement at an individual level, needed to oppress populations, works elsewhere. The government hits 1 guy and 50 fight back, 500 if need be; 5000, 50 000, and so on, until the attacker finds himself outnumbered. This kind of solidarity is invariably vested in extended family ties, based on tribal-, cousin-, and arranged marriage. This is why it is impossible to keep occupying countries like Iraq or Afghanistan.
Social structures such as the extended family do not exist in the West. The extended family has been destroyed in the West by centuries of church policy. This was to be expected, because nothing good could ever come from a religion that revolves around the glorification and deification of a convicted blasphemer.
Using feminist ideologies, the contemporary state has now managed to destroy the last vestiges of even the most basic nuclear family. This strategy will eventually prove to be self-defeating, however, because it also prevents the population from reproducing itself.
The population in the West are doomed serfs to a thieving oligarchy, because their individualism prevents them from resisting it.
@_date: 2014-01-02 02:07:37
SSH may be capable of resisting an MITM attack over a compromised route. In theory, it is. I am not claiming that in practice it is.
You can reasonably assume that Windows and MacOSX are compromised. Therefore, the burden is on the bitcoin exchanges to provide linux-based desktop applications to their users that:
[1] Sign their requests on the client device itself using ECDSA (same signature system as bitcoin itself)
[2] Connect to the exchange over SSH; this is only required for privacy and not as an anti-theft measure.
The burden on the user is to make sure that he verifies at first connection that the server's key fingerprint is actually correct.
The user must use a linux distribution with signed repositories. The burden on the linux distributions is to recompile all packages in independent, distributed compilation farms.
Once compiled, it is no longer readily possible to verify if the packages contain backdoors. The compilation farms are therefore crucial. Consequently, they must be thoroughly distributed and verify each other's results.
If any such central, single-point compilation is effected only on servers on american soil -- such as for Ubuntu -- the NSA can simply get a FISA court order along with a gag order, and force the linux distribution admin to insert NSA viruses, trojans and other backdoors. Therefore, the decentralization of the compilation of the packages along with mutual verification, has become a necessity.
Similar as in bitcoin, the linux distributions should distribute their packages using bittorrent. It makes it virtually impossible to corrupt the signed packages.
Therefore, most of the burden is not on the end user. There is nothing that the end user can do at this point. It is the distributors of software that must now take their responsibility.
@_date: 2014-01-02 02:28:56
I don't think that MtGox are scammers. They are under vicious and incessant attack by the fiat banking system. I am surprised that they haven't collapsed already.
It is excruciatingly hard to evacuate US dollars out of MtGox into a US-based bank account. Every fiat bank along the route will try to sabotage the operation.
Furthermore, MtGox cannot accumulate these dollars into a US account with any licensed money transmitter in the US. That is how their Dwolla accounts got frozen with millions of dollars in them, while these dollars were waiting to get distributed to US-based MtGox users. MtGox swallowed the loss and used entirely fresh dollars to transmit to these users. No matter how hard it was for MtGox to obfuscate the payment route in order to protect the route from attack, in order to pay these users, these users eventually got paid.
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:44:25
2FA does not help against an MITM (man in the middle) attack. Since you can assume that every router at the consumer level up to the industrial routers managing the internet backbone have been compromised, we are under continuous MITM attack.
The solution is that the exchanges deploy non-web clients that sign their exchange transactions on the client device itself, just like the bitcoin reference implementation does (bitcoin-qt). It is the use of compromised web technologies that is facilitating the rampant theft of bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-01-02 13:03:11
What country is it?
@_date: 2014-01-01 12:02:12
You assume that only the NSA will use the DROPOUTJEEP backdoor. Wrong. The crime syndicates pay millions for a copy of that. This means that someone at the NSA just has to make a simply copy of the file that describes how to use it and become a millionaire. It is not waiting to happen. You can reasonably assume that it has happened already. Staff at Apple are doing that too, if they can.
Furthermore, your random number generator has been crippled. That is an NSA typical one. As a result, it will be easy-peasy to compute your private keys.
You will see entire botnets targeting IPhone users in order to syphon off even just 1 dollar out of their wallets. You seem to forget that most of these attacks are automated. So, they really don't care if there is just 5 dollars in your IPhone wallet. They will want those too ;-)
@_date: 2014-01-03 10:29:09
I see lots of enterpreneurs asking for this.
The first and foremost question is: How will you make sure that your bank does not shut down your incoming/outgoing fiat channels? If you think that you are just going to use your business bank account to accept fiat deposits or execute fiat withdrawals, you may be in for a big surprise, such as for example, the bank shutting your account down.
In the US, you will also have to register as a money transmission service or otherwise potentially end up in prison on vague, non-descript "money laundering" charges.
There is a (relatively simple) example that was in real use until not so long ago, that is, the intersango exchange in the UK. They also open-sourced their exchange software. So, it is a realistic starting point (It has really been used!):
Of course, their business got shut down by their British bank on grounds of "crypto laundering", and an undesirable business model for the bank to "support".
@_date: 2014-01-05 14:45:23


It is silly but not illegitimate. I doubt anybody will buy ;-)


Advertisement. 
The problem is that his page only contains advertisement blocks and no useful content. It is unlikely to attract traffic in that way.
@_date: 2014-01-02 01:40:00
Here is the github repository for the NSA backdoors:  Additional research will uncover more of these.
@_date: 2014-01-23 02:10:32
- An increasingly large number of people can only pay with bitcoin; they currently have no access to credit/debit cards, but they would to bitcoin. So, it can only extend your market.
- it is a cheaper way to accept dollars. Bitpay will convert them automatically to dollars for you, if you need that.
- because on the long run, it is less dangerous to hold bitcoin than dollars, because there is nobody busy happily devaluing them.
@_date: 2014-01-02 09:02:35


Limiting the requirement to a *testable hypothesis* could be a possible approach.
In that case, however, there would be no guarantee for *causality*. Without causality, we would actually still not be explaining anything. We would just be observing a possible correlation in reality.
The dangerous part is that people would end up seeing causality anyway, even though the setup did not support doing that. The fiat banking industry did exactly that in derivatives market, just before half the market went bankrupt in 2008.
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:32:03
Really? Because your pedophile cleric says so?
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:44:06
The infrastructure to make bitcoins more convenient for non-technical users is gradually being rolled out by enterpreneurs who feel that they can boost the value of their own businesses by offering such solutions. Markets and innovation are things that work, but also things that takes time.
Seriously, the bottleneck is the speed at which enterpreneurs are able to get their work done.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:02:31
Buy bitcoins in Australia for AUD. Sell bitcoin in the USA for USD.
The commission on BTC purchases in Australia seems to be between 3% and 5% (   This is quite high. With a bit of patience, you may find better deals at  (LBC) by buying OTC. 
Apparently, accepting fiat payment for btc is even more dangerous in Australia than in other countries. Almost no OTC trader seems to be willing to accept a bank wire as payment.
An alternative strategy consists in opening an account with  or  or  or similar (check at LBC what else people are using).
If they support the AUD (without currency conversion) and you can safely reach this new account by wiring to it from your fiat bank account (without your bank blocking the transfer), you will be able trade in a much more liquid market at LBC, and obtain much better prices.
Concerning money laundering, it is the person who receives a fiat wire who is liable to being accused of money laundering. As long as you just buy BTC you won't have a problem.
As soon as you sell them, you will have to use an alternative route to draw the money. Do not use a fiat bank account, because the banks just confiscate the money at a whim -- even very small amounts.
In my impression, in USD, at the moment, the cheapest channel (surprisingly!) is to sell your bitcoin at LBC against a western union payment. It should work fine for individual payments up to a few thousand dollars.
There is a serious lack of market liquidity at the moment. The fiat banking mafia do everything they can to shut down incoming and outgoing fiat channels. In the long run, it won't help, but for the time being it causes serious inconveniences.
@_date: 2014-01-02 04:25:54
In the UK, you can use your fiat bank account to pay for bitcoins but not to get paid for bitcoins. I have done lots of BTC purchases over a UK fiat bank account, but I do not dare to do even one sale. Seriously, the localbitcoins.com users with frozen UK accounts are *receiving* payments in their account, *not sending*.
An alternative, but I haven't tried yet, because I am not really selling BTC at the moment, is to open an OkPay account, and ask them to activate the IBAN functionality, so that you can send/receive over the SEPA channel.
Two caveats. First, your UK bank may refuse to wire to your OkPay account, calling them "bad guys". Second, OkPay may refuse to wire to BTC-E, calling them "bad guys" too.
The bitcoin exchanges are too vulnerable to sabotage to the fiat banking mafia. Travelex is just part of that mafia. At this point, there are two fiat channels still wide open for selling BTC (peer to peer):
* Western Union, Moneygram
* Local in cash
Western Union (WU) and Moneygram (MG) cannot possibly know that you are paying/getting paid for bitcoins, unless you have not been careful in protecting your identity at localbitcoins.com.
WU and MG are my last fallback positions, if I ever need to sell bitcoins. We urgently need additional local money transmitters. Draw cash from the bank and then bring the money in person to the money transmitter's office. I don't see how else to proceed. I think it should also be possible to get salaries and/or invoices paid through money transmitters instead of banks. That would remove the hassle to get the bank subsidiary to actually pay out cash.
@_date: 2014-01-02 12:54:18
The fiat banking mafia were planning to establish *more control* over their minions and soon they will find themselves with *less*, or none at all.
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:18:46
The definition of a scientific statement is a statement for which it is possible to search (at length) for counterexamples but for which it is not possible to find one (yet).
This definition reflects the requirement of refutability ("falsifiability") for any statement classified under the nomer "science".
In other words, it must be possible to set up an experiment and test if the statement holds true. Seriously, repeating the experiment is the basis of science. Otherwise, it is not science.
The economist in the article wants to refute a *real fact*, that is, a functioning bitcoin system -- that we can all see before our eyes -- only by using tricks in English grammar.
Where is the science in any of that? Where is the experiment that we can repeat in order to verify his claims? How does he ever hope to attack something that is fundamentally vested in math and science by solely using English language engineering?
@_date: 2014-01-04 02:51:27


There is no appeasing Hitler. I am waiting for the pacifists to finally wake up to the unavoidable truth. The final straw, that is, the invasion of Poland, is on the horizon. I just hope that by the time people wake up, they are also sufficiently prepared.


This problem was predicted a long time ago. The Islamic (and also the other religious scriptures) are quite interesting, even to full-on atheists, because anybody who takes a close look at that notorious religion, Christianity -- in which they glorify a convicted blasphemer -- can confirm that the following is simply true:
*Surah 5:51 Don’t take Christians as friends. [They cannot be trusted.]*
*Surah 9:31 The Christians have elevated their [pedophile] clergy [and now also their politicians and civil servants] to the status of gods [and turned them into their lawmakers who overrule the original lawmaker].*
As you can see, the problem is not new. It is very old.
The French and the Russian revolutionaires also came to the same conclusion: The Christians glorify blasphemy and systematically break all the commandments. They are simply incredible liars:
*Leviticus 6:1-4, And God spoke unto Moses, saying, If a soul sin, and commit a trespass against God, and lie unto his neighbour…or hath deceived his neighbour… AND LIETH CONCERNING IT, AND SWEARETH FALSELY; in any of all these that a man doeth, sinning therein: Then it shall be, because he hath sinned, and is guilty.*
Yes, this is totally true. Christians even lie about the fact that they have lied! Only Christians would obey a gag order (like in the Lavabit case) issued by the fiat mafia and their violent government overlord. Everybody else would refuse to comply!
@_date: 2014-01-12 05:58:06
Since her son used an IPad to access the drugs website, and as IPads are evil tools that facilitate access to evil things -- that can kill people -- why don't we start a campaign to ban the IPad?
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:35:13
The thieves basically use two attack vectors to steal your bitcoins:
[1] Use a backdoor on windows to inject their malware
==&gt; Easy to fend off: Don't use Windows.
[2] An MITM (man-in-the-middle) attack somewhere on the route between you and the exchange
==&gt; There is no way to protect from this, because btc-e, bitstamp and the other exchanges trust web technologies, which should not be trusted.
By the way, neither larger passwords nor 2FA help against MITM attacks.
==&gt; Don't leave too much of value at the exchange, in order to minimize your losses.
@_date: 2014-01-03 01:39:01
* Faster confirmation (difficult)
* built-in anonimity (zerocoin-style)
* something we didn't think of ;-)
@_date: 2014-01-06 06:17:03
As a foreign financial service provider they simply bully you into denouncing your American clients. It is really over the top. How can anybody trust you -- American or non-American -- if you secretly denounce your own paying clients?
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:13:05
The amount of system software on which all other software rests is relatively small. A fully-functioning linux system is just 10MB large (in binary form).
In my impression, it should be possible to have a distributed verification process in which people read and comment on all changes made to the sources of this critical core.
It is true that the user interface (GUI) framework on which a client application rests (on the client side, not on the server side) is much larger. We will have to find ways to simplify this, so that it can be verified more thoroughly.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:21:35
While the Soviet Union did not have an alternative system of mathematics, they damn well managed to create an alternative "science" of economics. It discredits their "scientific" efforts but at the same time also ours. Why is it so much based on pseudo-math and verbiage? Where are the *repeatable experiments*?
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:40:56
You can reasonably assume that every router on the internet is compromised, from your ADSL, cable, 3G router to the industrial routers managing the internet backbone. This means that all of us are continuously under MITM attack. (man in the middle)
All transactions should be signed on the client device itself, before traveling on the internet, just like in the bitcoin reference implementation. There is a reason why the bitcoin reference implementation is not a web application but a locally installed one (bitcoin-qt).
The exchanges use https and cookies to protect you. These technologies are entirely compromised. They don't protect anything.
@_date: 2014-01-17 02:06:01
They were either using online wallets or else running Windows. Anybody who does not do either, is unlikely to be affected. You need to be able to keep a secret. Some people simply aren't ...
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:22:28
Lawful and unlawful are exclusively defined by the laws of the Supreme Being. This statement -- that, the first commandment -- specifically excludes clergy and politicians as lawmakers. There is just one lawmaker and it is not your thieving fiat oligarchy. You are worshipping false gods. Furthermore, only people who glorify and worship a convicted blasphemer -- as instigated by pedophile clerics -- would ever say what you've said.
@_date: 2014-02-05 04:15:45
Since any activity that competes with the banks is called "money laundering" and by definition is banned by regulations of the fiat mafia, it simply means that we will end up with not two but three economies:
* fiat economy (shrinking)
* cash economy (stable)
* bitcoin economy (growing)
@_date: 2014-01-05 02:49:22
This is a fantastic opportunity! The project is much more likely to attract funding than any other one. We need to start a project at  to create a bitcoin app with full support for accessibility. Anybody interested to join?
@_date: 2014-01-02 04:39:48
We need to find a way to enlist the typical main street shops into becoming payin/payout points for bitcoins (against a modest but sufficient fee to keep them happy). As soon as that happens, the fiat banks will be dead.
One problem will be to protect these shops from raids by the fiat banking mafia. Without reprisals and retaliations from our side, the fiat banking mafia will just start attacking another part of our bitcoin infrastructure ...
@_date: 2014-01-02 04:10:17
In OpenVPN, the critically important issue of PFS (Perfect Forward Secrecy,  looks like an afterthought. PFS has just been relegated to an optional SSL/TLS layer: 
In SSH, it is essential, built-in, tested and verified part of the protocol. Even SSH version 1 already had it, but not as well-designed as in version 2: 
* Diffie-Hellman key agreement
* periodic replacement of session keys
But then again, the implementation must continuously be subjected to intense scrutiny. As you know, it is incredibly easy to miss the ball and inadvertently create a vulnerability in these things.
@_date: 2014-01-05 03:08:20
Is anybody interested in listing the project at 
This project is almost guaranteed to attract funding. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 06:23:46
Yes, we seriously need to create new applications on top of bitcoin that:
[1] improve end-user security
[2] make the whole experience more user friendly for the grandmother level.
What is always missing at all times is enterpreneurship. Too few people trying something out (and risking their money while doing so). This is not specific to bitcoin. There is a generalized lack of enterpreneurship all across.
@_date: 2014-01-02 02:42:51
He made a mistake. He should first have completed the verification at coinbase, ensuring that his incoming fiat route was clear and ready to go. He should also have completed the verification at bitstamp first. *Only then*, he should have bought the bitcoins.
He is complaining about the fact that the AML procedure took forever. But then again, this procedure would have prevented him from converting his money on any forex exchange platform too.
If his paperwork had been in order, the conversion from USD to BTC would have been instantaneous and from USD to EUR too. There would not have been any exchange risk on BTC/USD or BTC/EUR.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:32:44
We are just asking Mr. Krugman for the *repeatable experiment* with which we can verify his claims concerning bitcoin. What would there be so wrong with that?
@_date: 2014-01-01 11:51:47
Not enough competition. But then again, the high price will attract it ;-)
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:05:13
It is a requirement to establish (if not done already) a complete and signed history of the GCC compiler's versions leading up to the latest version. If this has not been done yet, it is indeed an urgent matter.
Compilers are indeed a very dangerous attack vector. That is why I am quite unhappy with:
[1] The idea of a GCC "Compiler Collection". Only C and C++ are used as critical system languages. We do not need the remainder of the "collection". It only complicates verification.
[2] The use of a very complicated language such as C++ to build system-critical software. It is just to too complicated to verify, while the system-level software could perfectly well be built in C, for which the compiler is much easier to verify.
The use of a complexity monster such as C++ in system libraries is a choice that we will end up bitterly regretting.
@_date: 2014-01-01 23:25:48
This is only possible because the regulators keep competition out of the market. There is no price discovery possible for this kind of services because only the fiat oligarchy is allowed to provide them.
Not only it looks expensive, it also takes forever to complete, and adding insult to injury, they simply refuse to confirm that the money has arrived at destination.
All you can see, is that that money went off your account. You cannot know if it has arrived at the other side, unless the beneficiary tells you. If they stopped the payment halfway for any reason (as they do) you could be wondering for weeks what happened. The bank will not tell you. The beneficiary will think that you never paid him and believe that you are leading him on. It may very well destroy the trust between you and the beneficiary.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:50:20
OpenWRT is an entire linux operating system, not just a communication protocol. OpenWRT contains busybox which contains Dropbear, which is the equivalent to OpenSSH. So, we are back to SSH.
I will not criticize OpenVPN too much because I am quite convinced that their efforts have merit too. But then again, contrary to OpenVPN, SSH is trivial to set up and to use in a safe way. Here a few other comments about perceived usability:
* 
* 
Instead of OpenVPN, just use  It does exactly the same as OpenVPN, without the configuration nightmare.
You see, SSH automatically implements Perfect Forward Secrecy:  You can get OpenVPN to do that too, but only after incessantly fiddling with certificates and so on. The slightest error will simply make the entire thing insecure. SSH only has one serious Achilles heel (at the user level, that is): You must verify the server key fingerprint (really!) during the first connection. Otherwise, the MITM attacker can supply his own key instead.
@_date: 2014-01-06 06:21:06
Let your employer pay you in bitcoin. From there, sell them as you need them for western union at localbitcoins.com. There are other services where you can sell your bitcoins for western union. You can also sell them for pesos to mexican LBC traders.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:39:36
Any link to such NSA backdoor in OpenSSH? All I have managed to find was this (about OpenBSD):  and it does not specifically mention OpenSSH, even though that component would indeed be a prime target.
There are alternative SSH libraries, but I would be surprised that the NSA has managed to corrupt and/or bribe the OpenBSD management, even though everything is possible. It wouldn't even help much, because it is the linux distributions that actually compile their software. They would have to insert the backdoor at the source code level, where it is very visible to others.
An alternative to OpenSSH could be Dropbear ( which is built into busybox. Dropbear is substantially smaller than openssh and therefore potentially easier to verify, unless the source code is considered unreadable. I haven't investigated this alley, though.
It is about time that we have a distributed process of commenting line by line, every change in that kind of software. Seriously, that kind of software must be subjected to intense scrutiny.
@_date: 2014-01-04 02:47:10
2FA does not protect against MITM (Man In The Middle) attacks.
If you have read the news lately, you know that Netgear, Linksys, and probably  all other consumer-level routers have been compromised. You can reasonably assume that the industrial Cisco and routers managing the internet backbone are also compromised.
The DNS (domain name system) is also compromised. The SSL certificate system is also compromised.
Given this situation, attackers can easily stage an MITM attack on your account and siphon off your bitcoins.
To cut a long story short, you cannot store anything of value at an  address. It will inevitably come under attack. The attack will eventually be successful.
Store your bitcoins locally. Don't leave them anywhere else.
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:31:10
The first thing to do is to hold everybody against the same standards: *the repeatable experiment*.
We cannot exempt Mr. Krugman from scrutiny just because he has a Nobel Prize, just like we cannot exempt Obama -- when randomly killing civilians with his drones -- just because he also managed to extract a Nobel Prize.
@_date: 2014-01-02 01:51:24
Sorry for the confusion. I have added the (growing) NSA router backdoor database at the top of this post.
@_date: 2014-01-01 23:36:01
This problem uncovers another one with much deeper roots. 
Science is the collection of statements for which it is possible to search for counterexamples but for which they have not been found.
The core requirement for science is therefore refutability ("falsifiability"), that is, the ability for someone else to repeat the experiment and to check if he ends up with the same (or different) results.
Therefore, concerning Krugman, the pressing question is: How can we repeat the experiment that leads to his statements about bitcoin?
Krugman never defines such experiment.
Krugman may have won the Nobel Prize for economics -- just like Obama has won the Peace Nobel Prize -- but Krugman is not a scientist and economics is simply not a science. Economics is just an ideology supported by pseudo-mathematics and elaborate English language engineering.
Krugman is puzzled because his pseudo-math and his English grammar manipulations do not seem to explain why bitcoin works, while his pre-conceived ideology says that it shouldn't.
@_date: 2014-01-03 14:57:19
Record size is not a problem.
Bitcoin never signs the full document. It signs a hash of a hash of the document. So, your document can be 10 gigabytes, but the hash will still be 32 bytes long and the hash thereof obviously again 32 bytes. 
Since the hexadecimal representation of 32 bytes is 64 characters, we have 16 free bytes left in the 80 bytes hashing field. We could conceivably store the zero \0 string terminator there too. So, that leaves us with 15 spare bytes.
What are we supposed to store in the remaining 15 (or 16) characters?
@_date: 2014-01-02 02:51:10
Centralized organizations always suffer from growing and inherently unstoppable *internal audit* problems, that will eventually sink them.
In other words, the death of an organization is eventually always caused by internal audit problems that have overwhelmed them. Indirectly, internal audit problems are also what makes it impossible for organizations to respond to changes in the environment.
Most staff is honest but some staff will indeed steal and vandalize. On the long run the problem can only be slowed down. It cannot be solved. Even the Roman empire eventually collapsed on internal audit problems.
@_date: 2014-01-12 05:46:51
There are only a handful of governments really interested in banning bitcoin.
The other governments would actually want to ban the use of the dollar (or the euro) in their country, which competes with their own, often fledgling currencies.
In terms of regulation, bitcoin is a non-issue over there. Their situation is simply different.
All that bitcoin needs, is just a few of these other governments to wisen up and actively embrace bitcoin as the lesser evil. Do they want to live under the booth of the dollar empire or do they prefer something like bitcoin where nobody is dictating anything to anybody else?
So, yes, I can see countries like Iran eventually wisen up. At the moment, Iran is trading by shipping in gold from abroad. Why not bitcoin? Wouldn't that be easier?
As soon as something like that happens, bitcoin will be effectively unstoppable, just like the american dollar currently is in many South-American, Asian and African countries.
@_date: 2014-01-02 00:34:02
These systems all assume that *staff will be honest*. Most will be. If *only one* is not, however, the house of cards starts collapsing. The First Law about centralized organizations: "Even the most minute internal audit problem keeps growing over time until it finally brings down the centralized organization."
In the article, it says: *... it appears that some computer systems have been compromised ... in the companies handling the processing of card transactions ...*
These are always inside jobs. It is the staff colluding with outside crime syndicates that are destroying the system. It is so much easier to corrupt someone inside than to try to hack the system from the outside. At some point, this kind of inherently unstoppable corruption will effectively destroy the system. Bitcoin will thrive, not even necessarily on its own merits. It will, because the centralized financial systems will eventually all collapse.
@_date: 2014-01-02 04:12:03
It is a backdoor, if you know about it and hide this information from the user.
@_date: 2014-01-02 00:41:55


Target was probably nicely protected against outside threats. What they did not hedge against -- and could not possibly hedge against -- is the inside threat.
Some people will have had access to the database of credit cards. One of them has sold -- for good money -- a copy of this database to an outside crime syndicate. This is, 100% sure, what has happened at Target.
Determine who officially had access, and who could have had access. Keep interrogating them and backtracking in detail their steps, until one confesses.
@_date: 2014-01-02 00:02:20
*Dear Mr. Krugman, what experiment can we repeat to verify your claims about bitcoin? Otherwise, your verbiage is not science at all.*
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:34:12
One aspect of bitcoin is the wholesale use of the system of proof-of-work to update a common distributed database. It rests on three concepts:
[1] Any of the many participants can update the database, on the condition that the facts contained in his update are true.
[2] Who exactly is allowed to update the database depends on who first finds the solution to (another) problem, which is difficult enough to keep the participants searching for some time.
[3] The winning participant gets some reward for the fact that he is the one updating the database.
The successful use of this concept is a massive breakthrough in computing. It has changed the world forever. This concept can be applied to decentralize *any* centralized database. It does away with a central database administrator who could be subverted, corrupted, shutdown, eliminated, destroyed, attacked, and so on.
Since the advent of bitcoin, it has become possible to create decentralized/distributed databases of anything where we fear that corruption is a problem. In other words, there is no longer any justification anymore to centralize important databases.
This means that central governments have lost quite a bit of their justification, simply on technical grounds. Centralized governments cannot prevent corruption, while decentralized technology can. Therefore, this kind of technology will end up tremendously reducing the rôle of such centralized governments.
Since governments will use violence to hang on their power, the next step is to devise decentralized military technology to frustrate any such attempts. It is obviously that a centralized army is prone to corruption and deceit. It will be no match for a decentralized, bitcoin-style military force.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:45:04
For bitcoin to shed its volatility, traders should abandon centralized-exchange based trading and trade OTC only. We can be grateful that the Chinese authorities have closed down btcChina now and not later in the game; as it would have caused much more damage than now. The centralized exchanges have to go. Their vulnerability to shutdowns is the real problem.
@_date: 2013-12-27 00:47:41
This is an important victory in the war against the thieving fiat oligarchy. That the Chinese rebellion align in battle positions and get ready to open fire on the fiat thieves!
@_date: 2013-12-23 09:17:09
On our side, we are simply waiting for the peaceful attempts to fail. If we do not let the pacifists try first, the general population will reproach us that we did not even try in a peaceful way. The oligarchy is not peaceful at all. Believe me, the cleptocrats will not respond in a peaceful way to their loss of power and control over our money. Seriously, I do not believe that appeasing Hitler will work out, but we will have to wait for the invasion of Poland before doing anything more convincing.
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:46:33
We can only use p2p market places and p2p payment methods. Stop using centralized exchanges with bank accounts. It is a disaster.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:35:05
Indeed, he cannot win by trying to abide to the rules of a regulatory framework that is hedged against him. There are numerous alternative payment networks in China that are entirely out of reach of the regulators. Why doesn't he just make everything anonymous and use those?
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:06:30
The casinos are a dangerous business to the Native Americans. The mafia easily grabs control by strategically bribing some guys and tactically murdering a few others. The average joe will never see any of the money that it generates, but only the vice, prostitution, gang crimes, and corruption that it brings. You can only make money from something that you actually understand. So, I am not optimistic about their ability to make money from bitcoin either.
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:34:41
We definitely need Indonesia -- and its impressive headcount -- in the bitcoin economy. How can we help achieving this?
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:29:44
The regulators bring their internal audit problem with them, which eventually always becomes larger than the original problem that they try to solve by regulating. As you know, bank assets in Europe and the US are entirely toxic now. In other words, the money deposited in these banks is gone. It no longer exists. The banks are only holding worthless, insolvent loans. The banks no longer mark these assets to market. Furthermore, through QE (Quantitative Easing) the regulators have increased the amount of outstanding fiat money exponentially. This will inevitably cause hyperinflation and destroy all fiat-based wealth. By the time the regulators end up understanding and dealing with bitcoin, the fiat system that they are regulating now will itself be bankrupt.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:06:28
For them, bitcoin is a dangerous evacuation route out of fiat. It is probably the only one left now that they shipped pretty much all gold to Asia.
@_date: 2013-12-18 04:03:15
No. Even if it were possible, it would defeat the very characteristic of bitcoin that makes it valuable: no central control. Don't watch the bitcoin/dollar price too much. Watch the gold/dollar and the oil/dollar prices. If you see a serious and rapid increase, it means that fiat hyperinflation has come. Lots of people will have to use bitcoin as their main evacuation route out of fiat, because there will be no gold supply in 2014. Gold mining has simply ceased now. Bitcoin is the last drawbridge left. There is nothing else left to evacuate out of fiat. Whether Quantitative Easing goes on or tapers, does not matter. Fiat is about to implode.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:19:32
I have always wanted to try out  but I don't dare to take the risk. If you try, could you let us know if it is a scam too?
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:23:43
So, Bernanke is tapering? This is excessively dangerous. If he does not buy up all treasury notes on the market, their value will drop, and consequently, the interest rate will rise. This will lead to panic selling in the stock market and a collapse  in the real estate market. The entire zombie part of the economy will immediately collapse too. Bernanke cannot taper!!! But then again, if he doesn't, the credibility of the dollar will take a hit and cause a bank run. Bernanke cannot *not taper* either!!!
@_date: 2013-12-25 13:31:08


Wall Street is a cartel, that derives most of its income by preventing competition from entering the market, and other companies from acquiring the licenses and permissions that would allow them to trade too:
Using the excess profits they make, this cartel -- the core oligarchy -- lobby and bribe the regulators to maintain the status quo.
It is not Wall Street that will jump on Bitcoin but their competitors, who currently find themselves excluded from the market by the regulations that protect the ruling oligarchy from competition.


With bitcoin being decentralized and void of any central authority, and therefore without regulators to lobby and to bribe, the oligarchy does not have any advantage over other investors. So, no, even a newbie could defeat them at the game.
@_date: 2013-12-18 04:07:04
The price collapse in bitcoin is not the same as the hyperinflation threatening fiat money right now. Quantitative easing has multiplied the money supply by five since 2008. If they taper it, the interest rate will go up and cause a collapse in the bond, stock, and real estate markets. If they don't taper it, the slightest increase in money velocity will cause hyperinflation. There is not enough gold left in the West to use it as an evacuation route out of fiat. China has bought the entire fresh gold production of 2013. All the gold has gone now. All that's left is bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-28 14:17:25
It may very well work for the majority of the world population, but probably not for Christian countries or formerly Christian countries. Otherwise, they would not agree to pay the astronomical taxes that they pay now, under the pretext of "Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar".
Christians are trapped in believing the incredible forgery that is the New Testament. Lacking other historical sources, it is hard to know what really happened in those days, but in the Christian narrative, the man whom they follow was sentenced to death by the Jewish supreme court for blasphemy.
Juxtaposing Caesar and his taxes to God, at the same level, is indeed one of his heinous blasphemies.
The populations of the Soviet Socialist Republics were heirs of feudal Christianity and as such very inclined to pay extreme amounts of taxes (100%) and to accept wholesale restriction of their freedom. This is simply the result of their Christian belief.
In certain ways Lenin was absolutely right: The emergence of a thieving (fiat) oligarchy is the direct result of the Christian belief in the legitimacy of this evil kind of oppression. The soviets took advantage of this situation to oppress some more. The population was used to it anyway. Both communism and crony capitalism are simply the continuation of Christian feudal oppression.
Who is actually surprised that the Christian clergy consists for a large number out of pedophiles? The one depravity obviously leads to the other.
Not one of the other world religions is based on a forged narrative which glorifies and even deifies a blasphemer, and therefore do not suffer from the same kind of depravity. Faith is useful and meaningful in many ways, but not when it is all based on lies and forgeries.
The rest of the world can still be saved, but the Christians cannot. They will burn in hell along with their pedophile priests.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:01:41
With all the hidden backdoors in the IPhone, and with its impaired random number generator, Apple's policy may spare these users from getting robbed ...
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:14:40
*You shall not make for yourself a carved image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is on the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth. You shall not bow down to them or serve them; for I the LORD your God am a jealous God.*
@_date: 2013-12-23 23:14:33
The corrupt oligarchy are perpetrating evils all across the world. As you can see, the American people, just like so many other nations in the world, have lost control over their leaders.
Bitcoin is truly the ideal battlefield to take on these evil elites.
Encourage people in Pakistan to use bitcoin and in that way to join the rebellion against these evil cleptocrats, these thieves and murderers.
If we manage to remove the corrupt oligarchy's grip from our money, they will have lost a good chunk of their power. From there, it will be much easier to remove the remainder too.
@_date: 2013-12-23 04:40:10


Regulations get defeated by politics, because it is politics that decides what the regulations should be. But then again, politics gets defeated by war, because war is simply the continuation of politics, but then by other means.
This man simply believes that the growing number of people holding bitcoins lack the determination to see this through to the bitter end. This is a glaring mistake in his analysis.
@_date: 2013-12-27 10:52:23
"Money laundering" is not listed in the laws of the Supreme Being as a criminal offense, but theft definitely is. Regardless of what they claim about their "regulations", they can never overrule the laws of the Supreme Being, who mandates that the individuals of this ED organization must have their hand chopped off.
In execution of the laws of the Almighty, it is now necessary to collect a copy of the database of the home addresses of every thief involved and carry out the penalty for theft, as mandated by the Almighty. The Almighty God expects every man to do his duty.
@_date: 2013-12-25 14:20:43
BTC China and MtGox (through mayzus) are essentially following the same strategy by going synthetic.
I recommend that people who trade peer to peer at localbitcoins.com do the same.
Do not use an ordinary fiat bank account to trade in bitcoin in any way, or to fund your exchange account, because you will sooner or later run into serious trouble. Open an account in a synthetic channel and wire your money there first.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:13:32
It is much simpler than that.
In order to cover its deficit, the government spends fiat money that does not exist. For the system to remain stable, however, they need to extract the same amount of fiat money out of circulation. In normal times they do this by borrowing the money to cover their deficit (by selling treasury notes).
This is no longer possible because nobody buys the treasury notes any longer. Especially the Chinese and the Japanese are no longer doing so.
With the FED now buying practically all the treasury notes, they just reinject the excess fiat money into the economy. Seriously, the deficit is no longer being neutralized by treasury note sales. By doing this, the FED has multiplied the volume of fiat money by five. Therefore, each dollar is now only worth 20% of what it was worth in 2007 (this is indeed: inflation).
They currently still manage to prevent inflation in the commodity markets, though, by moving quite a bit of this excess liquidity into the stock market. The CPI (Consumer Price Index) only measures inflation in the commodity markets. It does not measure stock market, real estate -or bond market inflation, even though it only takes a few hours for the inflation to shift completely from there to the commodity markets.
That is why hyperinflation will be preceded by a stock market crash, just like in 1929.
The fiat money system is about to implode again, but it is impossible to say on what day exactly that "Black Tuesday", October 29, 1929 will fall this time. The running up to a new Black Tuesday can take anything between 1 day and 2 years from now (with 1 day much more likely than 2 years). 
What we all know, however, is that the day of reckoning is unavoidable.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:28:44
The exchanges -- which are centralized points of failure -- are simply not compatible with a decentralized currency. These are the possible outcomes for any of these exchanges:
* it never manages to become popular
* it becomes popular and then it gets robbed
* or else it gets its fiat routes shut down by the fiat authorities
The only way to trade bitcoin safely is peer-to-peer.
@_date: 2013-12-22 05:07:06
Bernanke has been suprisingly good at this market manipulation. He managed to achieve several goals simultaneously:
* print 80+ billions of new dollars per day
* make them end up in the stock market
* keep them away from the gold &amp; silver markets
* keep them away from the commodities market
* keep them away from the forex market
His manipulations are therefore much more complex than the article describes. In my opinion, there is only one way to achieve this simultaneously: Bernanke has entered trillions of dollars in derivative contracts.
But then again, Bernanke is not directly the counterparty to these derivative contracts. Therefore, he must be instructing JPMorgan, Citi, BoAmerica, Goldman Sachs, and Wells Fargo to do this for him. These five banks account for 96% of the derivatives (hundreds of trillions), with the FED secretly soaking up their losses.
In my impression, Bernanke has a hidden method for reimbursing the big five banks for the losses they incur on his behalf for carrying out his policies. Therefore, I suspect that Bernanke is secretly printing even much more money, because otherwise this stream of money would be visible.
Conclusion: Bernanke is not just paying 80+ billion dollars per month. In reality, he is printing much, much more.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:05:08
If you believe that government should control **your** money, please hand over control over **your** money to the government. Since the IMF has suggested confiscations of bank deposits to "save" the banking system, we all understand even better what this government control means. If you keep your money in the banking system, you also agree to these coming confiscations.
I do not keep my money any longer in the banking system and I have thereby signaled that I do not agree with the coming confiscations.
Furthermore, I strongly believe that the following is true:
*A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.*
Any attempt to prevent the people from forming Militia or to bear Arms -- in order to protect their property -- is a provocation that will be answered by military means. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:34:27
This means that Amazon would have to print new Amazon coins at the same speed that Bernanke prints new dollars. It is totally impossible for Amazon to pull that off and still remain credible. Furthermore, as soon as any of Bernanke's many market manipulations starts failing, the Amazon coin would land into the same turbulence as the dollar itself. So, what's the point?
@_date: 2013-12-25 20:07:46
If you want to trade using neteller for fiat payments, use something like  (LBC).
The first thing LBC does, is to take the seller's bitcoins in escrow.  Furthermore, if the seller does a thing like described in the blog post, what would happen, is:
1. The escrow gets released to you.
2. The seller gets bad marks in his reputation record or even gets expelled.
It takes three to trade, not two: One buyer, one seller, and one adjudicator who will be the judge of it if things go wrong.
In any trade situation, you must ask yourself the question: Who will be the judge of it? If you don't trust the answer, don't do the trade.
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:37:51
The bitcoin theorem makes use of arithmetic and is therefore subject to Gödel's incompleteness theorem.
*Any effectively generated theory capable of expressing elementary arithmetic cannot be both consistent and complete. In particular, for any consistent, effectively generated formal theory that proves certain basic arithmetic truths, there is an arithmetical statement that is true, but not provable in the theory.* 
The entire body of science and technology suffers from this limitation. 
Therefore, yes, an airplane can crash, even though its design says it would not. A nuclear plant can explode, even though it was computed not to.
At the moment, we already know that bitcoin would be in serious trouble if anybody ever manages to build a functioning quantum computer. Both the SHA256 and ECDSA algorithms would most likely collapse:
(It is not a myth. Functioning quantum computers only exist in theory and not yet in practice, but they are not really a "myth".)
In time, new issues will be discovered. All we can do, is to keep an eye on things and fix them before it is too late ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:13:36
Look. Bitcoin is not a way to make quick money. Bitcoin is first and foremost a political statement. It is the main vector to carry our hatred of the centralized fiat banking system and the thieving oligarchy that abuses it to steal money from us. 
If you want to quickly make some cash, why don't you play blackjack at the casino?
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:25:41
The error is that nobody feels like reading Nakamoto's original paper or is capable to do so. Pretty much all his efforts go into decentralizing the system in order to prevent attacks on it. When will people finally understand that any centralized point of exchange or trust is just an invitation to attack, corruption, and deception? 
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:51:51


Well, the attacker could conceivably listen in also while the CPU is signing bitcoin transactions in order to gradually reveal the private key. I do not believe for a second that this possibility can be excluded without further detailed research.
It is probably not too much of a problem to know what transaction exactly the CPU has just signed -- just check in the blockchain -- but it may be a bigger problem to appropriately choose an adaptive tx text. 
It may require tricking the signer into signing transactions for 0.001, 0.002, 0.003 ... bitcoin. Dunno. We would have to look into how exactly they adapted the plaintext as such that the acoustic signal gradually reveals the private key. The devil is in the details.
But then again, it would definitely require to set up another acoustic experiment to verify if the same problem exists in ECDSA.
@_date: 2013-12-26 05:25:37
The desire to get rid of the thieving oligarchy once and for all.
@_date: 2013-12-26 07:27:32


This is not necessarily the case.
If you manage to upload your fiat money into channels like  or  (or neteller or payza or whatever else LBC supports), you can trade with anyone in the world.
If India is expensive, don't pick India. Pick sellers in the US or European countries. 
I have seen traders charging only a 3% surcharge on the bitstamp exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-12-18 03:56:26
I have evacuated out of fiat into bitcoin, because I do not trust the gargantuan fiat money supply sloshing around; which has become at least 5 times the 2008 money volume. The slightest increase in money velocity will cause hyperinflation. There is nobody left the neutralize the effects of QE (Quantitative Easing). The Chinese and Japanese are no longer doing it by buying US treasury notes. The slightest increase in interest rate would bankrupt the zombie economy (25% of the total), the stock, bond, and real estate markets. Continuing QE is impossible. Stopping it, is impossible too. We are very quickly nearing the fiat end game now.
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:27:14
Not true. The deficit is no longer being neutralized by the market buying treasury notes (The Chinese and Japanese have stopped buying treasury notes), and now Bernanke buys them in exchange for dollars. Therefore, the deficit is truly entering the money volume directly. Therefore, the QE money is already floating around in the real economy. They are trying to redirect this excess liquidity into the stock exchange and leave it bubbling there, but this strategy won't work forever. We are nearing closer and closer to a similar event as "Black Tuesday", October 29, 1929. You can expect panic selling on the stock exchange any time soon now and from there the excess liquidity will seek refuge in the commodity markets and from there it will boost the CPI (Consumer Price Index). Expect 100 dollars/gallon of gas any time soon now.
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:34:20
Not true. Half of the QE is just funding the deficit by buying treasury notes. The US government is pushing the money created to fund the deficit into the economy by paying their bills. The treasury can no longer neutralize the deficit-originated new money by issuing treasury notes, because Bernanke just converts them into dollars. Up till now they have been successfull in guiding the excess liquidity away from the commodity markets into the stock exchange. That won't be possible forever. Expect panic selling on the stock exchange any time soon.
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:55:34
Use change addresses. That is a first layer of defense. Next, there is already a very simple laundry system around: change bitcoin to litecoin and then back.
There are other laundy mechanisms available but just *changing* the bitcoins is already a very powerful anonymization mechanism.
@_date: 2013-12-20 12:59:30


Mt.Gox seem to have finally found someone who will navigate the regulatory cesspool for them. Mayzus seems to be spread around the Czech Republic, London, and Cyprus. It looks pretty much like a copycat competitor to OkPay.
This may not last. Mayzus may find themselves viciously attacked and assaulted by the British fiat regulator on instigation of the US fiat regulator, who may also put pressure on the Czech and Cyprus fiat regulators.
What makes Mayzus believe that they can defy the fiat regulators in total impunity?
They are not fully synthetic like PerfectMoney, WebMoney or EgoPay, who shield themselves from the regulators by firewalling themselves off the fiat banking system by interjecting a host of synthetic currency exchanges such as this one:
This cooperation between Mt.Gox and Mayzus may not last. Mt.Gox may simply have to go themselves fully synthetic instead.
@_date: 2013-12-24 05:30:57
Because of the connotations with the war on drugs, a dispensary should not administer "marijuana" but *natural tetrahydrocannabinol*, that is, *nTHC*. Harvested for medical purposes, in my opinion, it should never be labeled "marijuana".
@_date: 2013-12-18 05:37:32
localbitcoins.com sorts the sell offers from cheapest to most expensive. You will sometimes find offers below the bitstamp rate. You can pretty much always find offers to sell at bitstamp+5%.
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:27:36
Capitalism is used to cover two rather unrelated concepts: manorialism and a free market.
Freedom of trade and free markets are of course libertarian concepts while manorialism is not.
Manorialism is the idea that only a class of nobles can own land, while commoners can only work such land in the condition of serfdom. So, the elite accumulates all the means of production -- as correctly analyzed by the communist theory -- simply because the "law" mandates this inequality at gunpoint.
It only works in inherently pagan societies in which people believe that the "lords" are allowed to incessantly create new laws and regulations that favour their own capital accumulation.
The number one religion that encourages to accept this kind of manorialist injustices is of course the one in which an entire collective of pedophile priests encourages their flock to pray to the "lord", who according to their own book is a convicted blasphemer, a criminal, whom they glorify and even deify by calling him a junior member of the family of God!
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:49:53
Well, with a good chunk of the deficit being caused by the welfare state, much of the excess liquidity goes through the hands of the plebs first, who spend it immediately, so it ends up with fast-moving consumer goods companies such as Walmart and Proctor &amp; Gamble, who are asked in a friendly but firm way to invest their excess liquidity in the stock market. The NSA can easily do that with a FISA gag order, so that they cannot tell us about this.  
@_date: 2013-12-21 01:04:40
The bitcoin payment network would have no problem growing from a 10 billion valuation to 1 trillion in a matter of weeks. The aggregate computing power of our distributed miners already exceeds the capacity of the fiat banking system (which itself handles hundreds of trillions). Seriously, Bitcoin is eminently scalable. In fact, the valuation in fiat does not matter, if only because fiat is on the verge of becoming worthless.
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:10:48
The French and Russian revolutionaries knew perfectly well that all misery on the planet is the result of the lies propagated by Christianity:
Crony capitalism is also the natural result of worshipping a convicted blasphemer.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:00:15
Bitcoin will grow not just on its own merits. People will also start using it as an evacuation route out of the problems in the fiat system.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:16:30
This is only true on the condition that all computers are really *different*. Most computers aren't. They run windows (or Ubuntu) and they all contain exactly the same backdoors.
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:50:36
China is hedging against the coming dollar implosing and therefore the implosion of all fiat money by frantically buying gold. China has bought the entire 2013 production of fresh gold. They are hedging in their own way against what is coming next. In their opinion, they do not need bitcoin for this. In western countries, since all the gold has now been shipped to Asia, bitcoin is pretty much one of the only evacuation routes left out of the coming hyperinflation in fiat money.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:16:14
The bitcoin price is currently mostly carried by centralized exchange trading. This kind of trading is vulnerable to all kinds of attacks. They can attack the site's treasury. They can shut down incoming and outgoing fiat flows. They can arrest the owners. Centralized exchange trading does not match the decentralized nature of the bitcoin currency itself. What we lack at the moment is an entire armada of OTC exchanges with APIs that decentralize the market clearing logic itself to the actual users. The current exchange-based trading practices are simply not sustainable in the light of incessant attacks by the fiat powers-that-be. So, the problem is fundamental, not just technical.
@_date: 2013-12-24 05:49:16
The two main attack vectors on the IPhone seem to be:
1. Random number generator
2. Choice of SSL algorithms
It would be interesting to test the RNG algorithm in use on the IPhone. I guess the results will be even more surprising than for the original Android RNG algorithm (and the bitcoin heist that used this vulnerability). All an IPhone can do to protect its data streams, is to use the mostly broken SSL protocol. There is no other protocol available. Apple will never approve an app that deploys an SSH library or other alternative.
As you know, for the one or the other strange reason (actually: not so strange reason. It is called "NSA"), it is perfectly possible to negotiate a broken encryption algorithm during an SSL session:
*AES-CBC is broken. Only AES-GCM encrypts properly for the time being. RC4 is demonstrably broken and unsafe to use in TLS as currently implemented:*
*Apple is the only remaining vendor that has not patched their browsers, either on OSX or iOS.*
You see, if your salary depends on *not fixing* security issues, of course, you won't fix them ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-24 12:38:54
Yes, but use common sense and try to build useful relationships ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-18 14:03:52
I've bought all my bitcoins at localbitcoins.com. It works. I did not lose one dollar in 25+ transactions.
Rule 1: Only pick traders with at least 10 successful trades and a 100% feedback.
Rule 2: Never trade more than 2500 dollars in one go.
I did this 25+ times, with not one dollar lost. The OTC surcharge is on average 3% on the bitstamp rate.
@_date: 2013-12-24 12:49:15
Super! That will boost demand and therefore my consultancy fees for how to evacuate big € into bitcoin.


Wishful thinking. That's not how it works or will ever work ;-)


Too late. Everybody will have moved already ;-)


Without leaving the door open for corruption, it wouldn't qualify as politics any more ;-)


They must be joking. 1%? The fiat banks all go bust at the same time. This is the so-called *systemic* problem. One percent is not enough at all!
The only new thing they said is : *Unsecured depositors (over €100,000) would be affected last*. 
With most assets across the EU banking system being toxic (=worthless) and a new crisis unavoidable, it means that not one person should store more than €100,000 in a single bank account.
This will encourage large account holders to park their euros in bitcoin instead ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-24 12:28:16
Unless they manage to successfully sit a test on elliptic curves and their properties and on merkle trees, why don't they stop babbling about things that their brains cannot comprehend? The RBI has clearly appointed the wrong kind of people to talk about these things.
@_date: 2013-12-18 03:21:22
Watch out for real estate too. During hyperinflation real estate is pretty much worth nothing at all. All the value will flee into commodities: oil, gold, silver, aluminium, and so on. The best point in time to buy real estate is at the end of the hyperinflation, when people are still selling off real estate to pay for supplies, while the new currency has already started taking hold as a means of exchange. The retail level won't be bitcoin, because it is too complicated for the (global) general public. Bitcoin will be mostly used as a wholesale clearing mechanism and to a lesser extent for e-commerce.
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:23:27


Not really. 
Any attempt at removing government control from your money holdings will automatically become classified as being "criminal". This is the very definition of "money laundering": dealing with money in such a way that the government may be unable to stop that kind of transactions or confiscate the money involved.
The problem at the moment is that governments are not yet capable to describe what exactly should be outlawed in the bitcoin approach. In order to do that, they would need to be able to phrase in legal language what bitcoin does, which in turn can only be specified in mathematical language.
In other words, bitcoin has still not been declared illegal simply because lawyers do not understand the language of mathematics and are unable to translate these mathematical concepts into government-administrative language.
Seriously, it is not possible to regulate that what one simply does not understand.
Journalists have a similar problem. They are trying to explain the essence of the bitcoin mechanism in layman's terms, but they too fail miserably.


Here the journalist fails to understand why governments have no other choice than trying to regulate it into extinction. If they don't, this kind of money will simply replace their kind of money (fiat). It is not possible that both survive.
Governments will have to stage increasingly arbitrary attacks on bitcoin as it gains momentum. At some point they may even try to impose the death penalty for the mere possession of bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:50:16


Right and wrong, good and evil, moral and immoral cannot be invented by oneself. What will stop the politicians from wholesale inventing what is permitted and what is not, if you accept that people can invent this kind of things?
Forbidden is only the behaviour that is listed in the book listing all possible forbidden behaviours. You can pick by yourself which book contains this list for you.
By inventing your statement and claiming that trading is wrong, you have promoted yourself to the level of the sole entity that is allowed to define what is right and what is wrong. That amounts to pronouncing a blasphemous heresy.
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:45:27
You'll need to set up a 2-out-of-3 signature-based escrow system.
@_date: 2013-12-18 04:18:59
The most responsible thing to do at the moment is entirely counterintuitive: Get into as much debt as possible that is not indexed against inflation. So, yes, if you can buy real estate or anything else that keeps its value (but no paper value) using a mortgage, buy as much as you can right now, since you would be making promises to repay the debt in money that will be worthless by then. Do not take out an ARM (adjustable rate), because in that case, you will go bust soon.
@_date: 2013-12-20 16:49:50


Well, now that the IMF has suggested to start confiscating depositors' savings in order to save bankrupt banks, I somehow suspect that lots of people no longer feel secure holding their money there ...


And who exactly will be the lender of last resort to bail out the banks when things go wrong? Who will print gobs of bitcoins to bail them out? It is simply not possible for anybody to print additional bitcoins ...


Providing payment services requires that people trust the banks with their deposits, but that possibility is quickly evaporating with the Cyprus confiscation scenario being enacted as law everywhere around the world.
One round of confiscations is enough to get three generations of people who will no longer -- ever -- trust or even use a bank. This means that it will take another century before the banks can try again in that particular country. Cyprus is the first rich-country example where the depositors saw their money confiscated. With the banking system bankrupt approximately everywhere around the world, the next set of countries will follow soon ...
@_date: 2013-12-23 03:02:52
It means that you must trade anonymously in order to protect your privacy.
In fiat, the identities are public while the transactions are private. In bitcoin, it is the other way around: The transactions are public. So, the identities must remain private.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:59:33
The Chinese regulators have simply pointed out a contradiction. Why would a decentralized currency have a centralized exchange? Decentralization was meant to fend off attacks. I am grateful that the Chinese regulators almost immediately attacked btcChina, instead of waiting that it would grow even bigger and even more vulnerable.
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:48:22
Wait until the IMF recommendation on the confiscation of bank account holdings gets implemented in Europe and the USA. They cannot wait too long after announcing it, of course. 
That is when people will see that we were right all along.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:46:17
We don't want more centralized exchanges. Bitcoin is a decentralized currency with no central point of failure. The exchanges are centralized points of failure. They do not match the nature of the currency. BItcoin should only be traded OTC.
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:03:00
Exactly ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:13:00
Nothing. The pagans will never learn. They simply need their idols and graven images, because that is how they are.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:15:19
The NSA needs this capability.
They will use it to prevent people to sell their stock holdings and flee into commodities and start a bout of hyperinflation in that way. So, whatever instruction you give to your bank that looks like moving money from the stock exchange into the commodity exchange, they will keep canceling that transaction.
They need this capability to slow down (but impossibly stop) the coming bout of hyperinflation.
Of course, because of their internal audit problem, rogue NSA staff and contractors use this capability to simply steal money.
@_date: 2013-12-27 11:55:05
Any money stolen from these people, are the proceeds of theft.
We need a complete database of home addresses for anybody involved in these "raids". We need to put out a bounty for that file.
In accordance with the laws of the Almighty, it is now mandatory to chop off the hand of anybody whose home address appears in that file.
@_date: 2013-12-18 03:32:29
Bitcoin, gold, and silver are evacuation routes for the coming onslaught of bank deposit confiscations. The quantities of gold and silver are too small in the US and Europe to contemplate them for evacuation. All the gold has moved to Asia now, more specifically China and India. The gold mines are no longer producing either. Bitcoin will soon be the only evacuation route -- out of fiat -- left for Europe, Japan and the US. It will be the only way to run away from the gargantuan and therefore worthless supply of dollars, euros and yen. Watch the oil and gold prices. If they suddenly start rising, the banks will close and the bank deposit confiscations will be mandated immediately. When the banks reopen, most of your money will be gone.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:01:41
During a bail-in, Coinbase's bitcoins will be confiscated immediately. The same will happen to any scheme in which they hold bullion. Anybody holding his bitcoins (or gold) long-term at the exchange will simply lose them.
@_date: 2013-12-25 13:58:10
Bitcoin is lower risk than a fiat bank account, which will sooner or later be "bailed in", that is, confiscated (above 100 000 dollars) to "save" the bankrupt bank. All western countries have now introduced laws to facilitate this form of theft. All banks are bankrupt already. They just systematically lie about it by not marking their assets to market. Their books are simply cooked. That's why some people still doubt about it.
@_date: 2013-12-25 13:34:46
Well, it does protect a guest OS from another guest OS. So, if you never use the host for anything, but always do things in a guest, things should work out too.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:15:41
China does not need bitcoin as badly as the West as an alternative to the collapsing fiat system. China has bought the entire 2013 production of fresh gold. They already have an alternative. Watch out for panic selling in the stock market and runaway increases in commodity prices. That means that hyperinflation will be upon us in a matter of days.
@_date: 2013-12-20 16:31:42
Exchanges could indeed still function, but they would have to use an alternative (synthetic) fiat money system. The ordinary fiat money system is now simply off-limits. Furthermore, the collection of synthetic fiat money systems has now grown astronomically large. I do not think it is possible for the fiat regulators to shut it down any longer ...
Actually, Mt.Gox is moving in that direction; as expected. They will now start using Mayzus, which is definitely a semi-synthetic fiat money system (similar to OkPay, Payza, Neteller, ...).
@_date: 2013-12-25 11:30:29
Do not trade at LBC using ordinary fiat bank accounts. Accept or move the money to:
* a fully synthetic channel: perfectmoney.is, penunix.com, egopay.com, ...
* or a semi-synthetic channel: mayzusfs.com, neteller.com, okpay.com, ...
Ordinary bank accounts are not suitable for peer-to-peer trade. The trouble that you raised is just one of the many, many possible problems in using them during trade.
@_date: 2013-12-30 05:06:57
Gold has never been confiscated in Asia or in the Middle East.
This kind of policies only works in Christian or formerly Christian countries, where the extended family has been destroyed by centuries of church policy.
If someone attacks 1 person in Asia, 5 of them come back, and then 50, 500, 5000, ... until the attacker finds himself outnumbered. All these people are related family-wise in one way or another.
That is why the failed occupation of Iraq or Aghanistan can only have been invented by a Christian who cannot imagine that people in other religions are not individualists like himself and that they cannot be singled out one by one.
The whole concept of policing simply does not work like in the West. The intense solidarity generated by tribal, arranged -and cousin marriage policies makes that impossible. These people are naturally free, simply because they are not Christians or former Christians.
So, no, gold confiscation and similar western policies will never fly elsewhere, while it is Asia that buys approximately all the gold nowadays.
@_date: 2013-12-18 04:09:45
The fiat routes into and out of the exchanges are closed now. Everywhere. The only way to trade bitcoin is OTC (Over the Counter). Do not try to buy or sell bitcoin through any exchanges. Go to places like  and trade peer-to-peer.
@_date: 2013-12-24 03:29:59
Apple clearly warns for and rejects the use of apps that require strong cryptography. In my impression, it is better to heed their warning. Apple knows much better than us why exactly we should not use IPhone for that. IPhone users who jailbreak their phone to run bitcoin apps, are simply looking for big trouble ...
@_date: 2013-12-23 02:55:47
You can sell just small amounts. Nobody forces you to sell more than that.
@_date: 2013-12-25 14:27:07
There are thousands of this kind of exchanges trading in hundreds of synthetic currencies. Who can shut that down? All of it is heavily cross-border too. For example, they've been trying to shut down  for how many years now?
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:09:03
SMS encryption is a joke : 
*A5/1 is used in Europe and the United States. A5/2 was a deliberate weakening of the algorithm for certain export regions.* 
Zimbabwe is almost certainly one of these "export regions". Furthermore, not only are A5/1 (and certainly A5/2) easy to crack, the GSM phones themselves are usually also backdoored. Never, ever trust a phone.
Besides that, the needed radio equipment to intercept and decrypt A5/1 and A5/2 is available off-the-shelf:
All your bitcoin are belong to us !!!
@_date: 2013-12-27 04:05:55
As an early adopter, you need to be either politically motivated in our battle against the thieving fiat oligarchy or fascinated with our fantastic technological solution, or both. The babysitting infrastructure needed to make it safe and convenient for the indifferent and unshaved masses is being rolled out gradually over time. You'll just have to wait until others have finished doing the heavy lifting.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:38:57
With their foreign currency holdings outside the country.
In a country like Argentina, close to every exporter makes two bills. One undervalued one, above the counter and another one under the counter for the remainder.
If these exporters insist on getting their under-the-counter bill paid in bitcoin, Argentina would be flush with bitcoins (instead of dollars).
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:28:53
True, until Bernanke's QE ("Quantitative Easing", aka: money printing) really starts backfiring. Amazon has no experience in trading under the conditions of hyperinflation. If they do not adjust quickly to those very peculiar circumstances when they inevitably materialize, Amazon will simply have to stop trading at that point.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:29:55
The initial solution is simple.
They organize a secondary exchange between btcChina-Yuan (BY) and Official-Yuan (OY) in which you can buy BY for 1.02 OY and sell it for 0.98 OY.
This secondary exchange carries the OY cash to the btcChinaYuan exchange, who are still not doing anything illegal. They are just trading the one virtual currency for the other.
This secondary exchange has not yet been banned. It does not trade in bitcoin. No, it trades in BY, which is something else, and not listed as forbidden in the regulations.
If the Chinese regulator bans the trade in BY, they can start a tertiary exchange in which they trade OY for BBY, feeding cash into the exchange that trades BBY for BY which feeds cash into the exchange that trades BY for BTC.
At the tertiary level, you can have thousands of small exchanges feeding into dozens of secondary exchanges, feeding into a handful of primary exchanges of synthetic money.
None of this is just theory, because it is exactly how the synthetic currency  (PM) gets traded. They have been trying to shut down this system for almost a decade now. There are hundreds of such synthetic currencies in circulation. Just look at the number of synthetic currencies that  trades. There are many, many more.
Once in a while they shut down a synthetic currency (such as Liberty Reserve). It does not matter. There are way too many around.
Furthermore, a lot of money does not even need to get transferred through cash. The banking system is corrupt enough to look the other way when PM brokers make large bank wires.
The trade is entirely anonymous and because it started emerging much earlier than bitcoin, the trade is much more liquid. The main difference between bitcoin and these synthetic currencies is that there is no trusted central party. That is why a lot of liquidity has moved out of the synthetic currencies and into bitcoin.
 
@_date: 2013-12-26 12:28:30
LBC warns for this in its trade detail page. The market is very open, but that has the inconvenience that all the crooks can get a shot too. Don't write your account number in deal:
Account number: 50-20-24 9939939
Account number: Ask
Before giving the buyer your account number where he can pay, look at his profile, his reputation and his feedback. Expel buyers who have no reputation, unless they can point to a reputation elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:30:00
Learn how to trade at  (LBC) by *triangulating* over synthetic money such as okpay, perfectmoney, webmoney, ucash, payza, or any other quasi-fiat money system. In the worst case, use western union or moneygram. 
If you select an advert, you will pay at least 3-5% over the bitstamp rate. If you post an advert, you can *make* 3-5% over the bitstamp rate. Watch out because lots of adverts are way more expensive than that. Ignore them.
Skrill won't work. Paypal won't either. Credit cards are entirely anathema. Look at the long list of p2p synthetic currencies on offer at LBC. Don't try to use direct fiat bank accounts, because doing so attracts trouble from the banking system. You will end up blacklisted if you do that anyway.
Only *triangulate* over a synthetic currency. Do not hold money for too long in that kind of systems, because the fiat regulators actively try to shut those down too.
@_date: 2013-12-23 22:23:54
Look. Bitcoin is not a business problem. Bitcoin is a political problem. This can only be solved daggers drawn. Either the oligarchy pays reparations to their victims or else we must thoroughly inflict the reprisals and retaliations required to instill respect for us.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:08:48
I do not need any such stable floor above any value. I could not care less about that. By holding my savings in bitcoin, I am making a political statement: I do not want the fiat so-called authorities to fiddle with MY money. I really could not care less about the exchange rate btc/fiat. Who cares?
@_date: 2013-12-25 18:53:32
There are a lot of complaints about sending/receiving money to/from OkPay. 
But then again, since they are shunned by the ordinary fiat banks, it is impossible to know if they have actually received the money. Your own bank could have taken it out of your account and never forwarded it to OkPay.
The banks do this all the time when they don't like the receiver. They also don't tell you that they have never delivered the money to the other side, unless you inquire. Have you inquired with your bank to confirm that the money has arrived at destination?
As you know, banks never confirm the actual arrival of the money at destination, unless you keep insisting. They only confirm that the money has left your account. There are lots of aggravations in using the services of the fiat banks and this is one of the worst of them. Now you are blaming the receiver of the money, and that is exactly what your fiat bank wants: to tarnish the reputation of the receiver, and give the impression that the receiver is a scammer, while in reality, they are.
Their blank refusal to ever confirm that they have actually done their job and to notify you that the money has arrived at destination, is in itself reason enough to get rid of the fiat banking system. If any fiat payment service actually did confirm that they had done their job -- or otherwise gave you proof of payment -- the regulators would immediately shut them down.
Fiat banking customers are the hapless victims of one of the worst forms of 
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:20:46
Ha. And siphoning off 40 million credit card accounts from Target is even easier! ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-30 12:13:09
What about all the NSA backdoors in your IPhone, through which the thieves will steal your bitcoins? No, no. Keep bitcoin wallets away from IPhone, because we don't want to hear about a new heist.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:40:25
I somehow sense that the regulators do not particularly wish to cooperate with your plans. You are facing an uphill battle. Good luck. If you manage to deploy your ATMs you are doing something absolutely great for the global bitcoin community.
@_date: 2013-12-27 11:52:01
We need the database of home addresses of everyone involved in these raids.
@_date: 2013-12-25 19:24:11
OkPay is seriously disliked by the banks. I have seen threads in which people testified that their bank had said: "We don't wire to that kind of companies."
You see, I am not fond of OkPay either, because of their arrogance, but I somehow suspect that they are not thieves. I wouldn't be surprised that your transfer is the victim of sabotage somewhere along the line, while at the same time, the total level of sabotage is indeed swamping the OkPay helpdesk.
@_date: 2013-12-22 11:18:24
Yes. It is better, however, to use the seed on only one computer and use the master public key (MPK) on the other computers. Only the computer with the seed can spend money from the wallet. All the other ones are "watch-only".
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:39:46
We do indeed need a system backed by solid mathematics, that will make OTC (peer-to-peer) trading more convenient, even though it is quite usable and safe already (for relatively small amounts). I have done 25+ trades on localbitcoins.com at a 3%+ surcharge compared to the bitstamp.net average rate. It worked out ok. I have not lost one dollar doing so.
At this point, we have no time to wait until the research and testing of thought-out solutions materialize. We need a solution right now, not in months (or years). We just need more people to roll out OTC alternatives similar to localbitcoins.com and bitcoin.de, preferably on the tor network.
The trade must go on. The odometer is counting for the last bits of our existing exchange infrastructure. I expect a regulatory fiat assault any time now on mtgox.com, bitstamp.net, btc-e.com, and coinbase.com. 
Our current trade volume is very vulnerable. The fiat terrorists only need to target and attack a few central points of failure in our infrastructure, in order to inflict yet another defeat to the rebel alliance. We must protect the infrastructure of the rebellion now.
Therefore, I insist: Let's retreat behind the defensive perimeter of the tor network right now and exclusively trade using existing OTC methods, while incrementally improving these trade methods with research, development and testing.
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:11:15


The level of impunity is seriously going through the roof. The police are definitely in the middle of a runaway *internal audit* problem. They even refuse to acknowledge it!
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:24:28
At this point it is not possible for unsophisticated users to move to bitcoin. The paradigm is too different from fiat. With fiat, you trust someone with your money and you can blame him when things go wrong. This is what the masses prefer. We will have to wait until these trusted persons, aka the banking system, seriously starts ripping off the masses, before they understand that it was simply not possible to shift the problem onto someone else, because this someone else is exactly the person who will end up ripping you off.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:23:04
In order to remove the possibility of an *internal audit* problem, the bitcoin design decentralizes *everything*. In theory, it should work. In practice, it will work hopefully for a long while ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-18 03:48:23
This is the least of their problems. The regulators' main problem is the gargantuan fiat money supply. Believe me, they don't care about bitcoin at this point. In the greater light of things, it is irrelevant. If they don't buy their own treasury notes, the price will fall and therefore the interest rate will rise, destroying the bond, stock, and real estate market in the process, while bankrupting at least 25% of the economy which have become zombie companies. If they do not taper the quantitative easing (QE), the slightest increase in money velocity will cause hyperinflation. Therefore, continuing QE is impossible. Stopping QE is impossible too. Watch the gold and oil prices. If they suddenly start rising, hell will break loose.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:23:19
Ha. You forget the bitcoin exchanges. Only privileged network users can set up the MITM attacks (Man-In-The-Middle) that intercept and modify administrative commands at the exchange system in order to steal the bitcoins.
The NSA first starts by doing a DDoS (Distributed Denial Of Service) attack against the bitcoin exchange, hoping that at least one of the admin will try to log in to the system. At that point they intercept his privileged command stream and steal the bitcoins.
The only way to prevent them from doing that, is to route all privileged command streams (especially over SSL) over the tor network.
As a bitcoin exchange admin, you cannot trust the DNS system, the SSL system, or even any of the routers in between your admin device and the exchange. The NSA will subvert them in order to steal all the bitcoins in the exchange.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:12:28
Bitcoin will slowly but surely expand with the growing infrastructure now being put in place. The question is rather: Will this infrastructure be ready to make a difference when the panic selling starts in the stock market and the excess liquidity moves into commodities, causing hyperinflation?
I think we will not be ready yet as a realistic lifeline to the majority of the population.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:01:01
A lot of people here are buying bitcoin for all the wrong reasons.
Bitcoin is a libertarian project in which the aim is to expel the politicians from controlling the money we use. Our community (the real one, that is) is happily busy achieving this goal, regardless of what price exactly a bitcoin currently sells for.
I am NOT holding bitcoins because I want to make fiat money out of them. I am holding bitcoins, because I have some savings (not as much as others) and I do not want the fiat money system to lay their hands on my savings. So, there is no point in converting back to fiat. I will only use them to buy goods when I need to touch my savings in order to consume. 
If you are not holding bitcoins as a matter of principle, you should probably better gamble on something else ...
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:26:23
The masses are simply not willing to take responsibility for the security of their own money. They want someone to blame if something goes wrong. They will only join bitcoin after the fiat system has collapsed already (Any time soon now).
@_date: 2013-12-18 03:52:23
China has other problems. They have bought the entire fresh gold supply of 2013. At the same time, gold mining has pretty much ceased. There won't be any fresh gold supply in 2014 so to speak of. The Chinese are looking for alternative ways to dump their dollars and their US treasury notes, but there is no evacuation route for the kind of money involved. They may try to buy gigantic stocks of oil or so. Watch the prices of commodities because the Chinese will inevitably bid them up with their enormous dollar reserves.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:32:21
No. Every crime syndicate (aided by the NSA) is looking for vulnerabilities in their system. These crime syndicates are also trying to bribe their admin staff to do something stupid "Oh dear".
It is the same problem as with the banks. A centralized wallet will always have a growing *internal audit problem* that can only end in a spectacular heist.
@_date: 2013-12-27 11:50:42
Reprisals and retaliations against the thieves. In accordance with the laws of the Almighty, we shall chop off their hand.
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:20:23
This is true. How the theft in the banking system is carried out is quite complicated, though. Usually, they don't just lift money from your bank account (even though, inspired by the IMF, they are are about to do that too).
The front office traders receive large gobs of corruption money from their counterparty to enter very dangerous and loss-making deals on behalf of the bank. These front office traders then use some of that money to corrupt the middle office ("internal audit") to look the other way. By cutting the trader bonuses, the banks have only made the problem worse. Really, with the derivatives market rife with corruption, all the banks are simply going bust on their internal audit problem.
@_date: 2013-12-22 14:06:02


Damned if you don't and damned if you do ;-)
Credit card numbers, social security numbers, employer numbers, ... these things cannot be used to authenticate anything. The surrounding security logic does not allow for that. Their design is utterly flawed. Things will keep going wrong, until the system finally crashes and burns. In the meanwhile, they still actively prevent you from protecting yourself from the fallout ...
@_date: 2013-12-23 05:38:21
What the *Occupy Wall Street* movement lacked and what the Bitcoin movement does have, is a concrete issue to confront the oligarchy over. Everybody who hates the existing elite with a passion can now make a clear statement: *I use and insist on bitcoin*.
Getting even with the oligarchy is the ultimate goal, while bitcoin is indeed a fantastic pretext.
Daggers drawn with the cleptocrats. Daggers drawn.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:51:12
1. No. With financial repression along with hyperinflation coming to the fiat banking system, depositors will be looking for an evacuation route.
2. No. The fiat money system is on the verge of imploding.
3. No. It has only started.
Quantitative easing (QE) cannot continue, because the slightest panic will cause the velocity of money to go through the roof, causing hyperinflation. Quantitative easing cannot stop either, because that will lead to an increase in interest rates that will bankrupt large swaths in the economy, sink the stock market and destroy the real estate market.
The fiat money system is about to implode. In western countries, gold is not a feasible evacuation route, because pretty much all the gold has been sold to Asia. Bitcoin is one of the very few evacuation routes left.
@_date: 2013-12-26 05:32:32
This is an unimportant, practical problem that entrepreneurs across the world will solve by setting up their businesses and their trade units. There are always people willing to make things more convenient for others, if solving the problem can boost their own ventures.
This is not the original motivation for bitcoin, which is to prepare for the final confrontation with the thieving fiat oligarchy. Because of the pacifists who keep appeasing them, we are now waiting until the fiat nazis finally invade Poland, by openly confiscating lots of money from lots of people in order to "save" their thieving banks.
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:54:05
Yes. I totally agree that this scenario is inevitable. However, we cannot know *when exactly* it will happen.
So, don't speculate with money that you cannot afford to lose. The timing of your trading strategies is important because if you don't watch out, you could run out of money, and then you lose ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:01:21
That would have been a good thing. The price should not rise based on centralized exchange trading. That is exactly what is causing the current level of volatility.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:47:27
The server can hash the password and protect it in that way. The problem is that the client cannot do that. An API client library will have to store the password somewhere. Using a password to encrypt a password doesn't help, because where do you store the second password?
Therefore, the problem of client-side password protection is simply undecidable.
@_date: 2013-12-23 03:15:13
First. There are 203 countries and territories, each with its own government. Their relationships are often very oppositional. Do you really expect them to collaborate? Some powerful governments seem to be able to force other governments to do what they want, but the corollary of that behaviour is that these powerful governments bankrupt themselves waging wars on smaller governments. It is only a question of time before this approach completely backfires.
Second. In fiat, the identities are public but the transactions are private, even though the *internal audit* problems of the fiat banking system makes the transactions way less than private.
Since all transactions in bitcoin are public, the necessary corollary is that the counterparty identities must remain private. Full anonymity is simply a requirement in the bitcoin economy.
Third. Government brings along the biggest *internal audit* problem of all. This *internal audit* problem has already caused the 2008 banking crisis and will at some point inevitably cause the collapse of the fiat banking system. To what use do you want to bring in governments into bitcoin? In order to make it collapse too?
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:34:30
The extension has the potential to centralize a lot of value on just one server and in that way attract the wrong kind of attention from the wrong kind of people. The security of this extension relies on a lot of unverified assumptions:
* Their cryptography approach does not contain glaring vulnerabilities
* Chrome's underlying functions cannot be exploited
* Their SSL certificate cannot be spoofed; while the RSA-1024 that protects SSL certificates has become butter a long time ago
* No rogue SSL certificate authority will issue a fake certificate
* Their DNS name cannot be hijacked
* No rogue staff at a telecoms provider between your browser and the site will ever set up an MITM (man in the middle) attack.
* None of the developers will ever succomb to the temptation to insert a backdoor
* The admins managing the distribution site of the software will never succomb to the temptation to distribute a rogue version of it
* and so on
If the extension does not become popular, the developers will have wasted their time. If it does, the extension will be hacked and they will still have wasted their time.
@_date: 2013-12-25 11:34:18
That's what I did, even without running into this problem.
@_date: 2013-12-24 12:18:02
Well, now that this kleptocratic oligarchy are trying to prevent our technology from weakening their grip on power and our money, they are clearly admitting that progress for mankind can only achieved by their wholesale extermination. So, let's start scheduling the final solution for these roaches right now. We must devise efficient methods of technology for killing them without missing one such useless individual.
@_date: 2013-12-18 04:22:00
Have you read the Forbes article? Have you read the IMF report ( The only way to get rid of the current excess liquidity is: confiscation. The alternative is: hyperinflation, which is also a form of confiscation. Therefore, confiscation is on the horizon, no matter what.
@_date: 2013-12-26 03:04:51
Does that also apply to what you've just said? ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-22 01:01:40
It happens all the time. The recent sheep market heist involved $100 million dollars in bitcoins.
Our defense mechanisms are not entirely ready and rolled out yet to defend against *internal audit* issues, because these heists are most of the time *inside jobs*.
The only consolation is that the fiat banking system has a much, much worse problem with *internal audit*. They will soon sink the entire economy with their rampant corruption.
@_date: 2013-12-23 12:38:17
Reputable OTC traders are as safe or unsafe as an exchange, while their surcharge is minimal. Furthermore, why not list yourself as an OTC trader too? Put out a buy request.
I suspect that you can buy safely max. 5000 dollars per pop. So, it will take you around 20 transactions (or more) to fill up your wallet, unless you feel that particular traders are so reliable that you can do 20 000 in one go. 
Neither the exchanges nor the peer-2-peer markets are established enough to safely handle larger transactions just like that.
@_date: 2013-12-25 07:36:34
If any of the many market manipulations that Bernanke is carrying out, starts failing, the collapse of the dollar will be a fact. Examples of things that can and will eventually go wrong:
1. Bernanke keeps shorting gold while he pays for his losses in fiat. In that way, he is shipping trillions of dollars in losses to China and Russia, who are calling his bluf. A good chunk of what the FED calls "buying mortgage-backed securities" are in fact losses in the gold futures market. China no longer wants his debt. He must now ship the gold physically out of Fort Knox. There is no infinite amount of gold stored there.
2. Bernanke keeps pushing the excess liquidity into the stock market, away from the commodity markets. This will work until a selling panic breaks out on the stock exchanges. It will simply be Black Tuesday, October 29, 1929 all over again.
3. Bernanke has entered for hundreds of trillions of dollars in derivatives contracts in order to keep 1 and 2 going. Much of it is again based on real estate prices that either go up or else everybody involved goes bust.
If anything goes only slightly wrong, the five systemic banks -- the core oligarchy -- that are carrying out Bernanke's manipulations will all go bust at the same time: JPMorgan, Bank Of America, Goldman-Sachs, Wells Fargo, Citibank.
The systemic banks will close for at least two weeks, before reopening having confiscated all deposits in excess of 100 000 dollars (FDIC insurance limit).
@_date: 2013-12-23 04:34:10
Did you use Windows, Mac, Android, or IPhone? Watch out with Ubuntu too. Security does not mix well with any of these things. They've probably just used an NSA backdoor sitting in your client system.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:40:45
The infrastructure for ordinary people to trade in bitcoin is barely -- actually not -- ready. So, a country in financial turmoil would today still dollarize instead of bitcoinize ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-26 01:56:24


Again, this was NOT a hack by outsiders. It was definitely an *inside job*. Compliance with industry standards does not protect against that. The system does not work because it assumes that all members of staff are saints. If just one is not, the whole thing falls apart. The entire fiat system is now on the verge of collapse because of *internal audit* problems.
Dump one table, zip it, and send it on to the crooks. That is all it takes.
@_date: 2013-12-25 20:38:34
Faith is not necessarily dumb. Most forms of Christianity probably are, but why would the other religions be dumb?
For example, the Koran writes that you should not make friends with Christians, because they are dumb and cannot be trusted. In the greater light of things, that belief could even be smart, no?
I am quite confident that the Buddhist Tripitaka also contains warnings and caveats against trusting people from certain other religions that have had two revolutions (French and Russian) in which these former believers decided to kill all their clergy.
The atheists just took much longer to discover this kind of truths. So, they are not necessarily smarter either ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:41:57
On the short run, you should not look at investing in bitcoin for its intrinsic qualities, that is, the fantastic payment network that it is. It will take years before the infrastructure sufficiently materializes to see bitcoin's true value. The bitcoin infrastructure is still in its very beginning. It will grow, but that will take time.
On the short run, you should look at bitcoin as a hedge against the upcoming implosion in fiat money caused by Bernanke's incessant QE (Quantitative Easing), that is, money printing. Bernanke has managed to multiply the number of dollars in circulation by five. This means that your dollar is in effect worth just 20% of what it was worth before (do the math).
Currently, the inflation is visible in the stock, bond and real estate markets. It will not take long before the excess liquidity feeds into the commodity markets -- most importantly oil &amp; gas -- and from there into the CPI (Consumer Price Index).
As you know, all the gold bullion has been shipped to Asia, more specifically to China (and India). Therefore, it is currently impossible to get physical gold delivered. All gold certificates are overclaimed 70 to 1. Consequently, it is no longer possible to evacuate out of a massive fiat money problem by moving into gold.
Bitcoin is currently the only drawbridge left for anybody trying to flee out of the coming fiat money implosion, followed by bank account freezings, IMF-inspired confiscations, and hyperinflation. Anybody holding all his money in the fiat money system will end up completely destitute, worse than in 1929.
@_date: 2013-12-25 19:20:39
It happened to me several times in the past. So, those must have been impossible events? Two weeks after wiring the money, it had not yet arrived. When I inquired, my bank asked me all kinds of questions concerning my relationship with the receiver. Only then, they released the payment.
The money had been taken out of my account and had been sitting with them all the time and they had not even told me!
I had been wiring to this beneficiary for seven years already. Why did they suddenly start inquiring about him? Furthermore, it was only about a thousand dollars or so. So, why?
If the beneficiary had been a new contact, the bank would simply have tarnished my reputation with the beneficiary. How could the beneficiary know that I had really paid and that I was not leading him on? 
You see, the bank only tells you that the money has left your account. They never, ever tell you that the money has arrived at destination. They simply do not want to do that, regardless of how much you could insist. They consistently refuse to give you proof of payment. Nobody else can get away with refusing to deliver proof of their work.
Seriously, you can never trust a bank for paying money on your behalf. Use bitcoin. It gives you irrevocable proof of payment.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:23:11
They need to buy up large quantities of ASIC mining equipment to do that. We would notice this immediately because of the large orders and shipments of ASIC mining equipment coming out of China. At the moment, nobody has reported a thing like that.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:52:19
No. This does not fix the problem of imploding bank accounts. I think we have to enlist alternative money transmission systems such as western union, moneygram, and an entire host of smaller money transmitters. We need an entire infrastructure of alternative money transmission, in order to support the trade in bitcoin. Setting up an unregulated money transmission facility is outlawed by the fiat terrorists in many countries. But then again, there are still quite a few terror-legal money transmission systems available, before we need to move over to our own systems. We still have at least 12 months before these new alternatives will become indispensable to continue the trade.
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:55:34
Half of it is funding the deficit, which is gargantuan. The other half is used to buy toxic mortgage-backed securities to prop up the real estate market. Some of it is used to soak up the losses when (naked) short selling gold. I don't know what other commodities they are short selling in order to keep the prices down, but at some point Bernanke will be asked to make *physical deliveries* instead of paying the difference between the spot price and his promise in fiat money. Believe me, Fort Knox is physically empty now. The bullion has all been shipped to Asia.
@_date: 2013-12-21 01:15:18
The most important is what they have not said. This was not a random security failure at all. This kind of breaches is always and ever an inside job. 
The problem with using credit cards is that neither the banks nor the megastores are able to control their *internal audit* problem. Their data security personnel has simply been compromised. This also means that it will happen again and again and again.
In fact, the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers was also an *internal audit* problem, that is, an inside job in collaboration with outsiders who used corruption to make the heist possible. All of the middle office staff -- dealing with risk control -- had been compromised.
The mortgage-backed securities problem on which Bernanke now spends 40 billions a month, has also been caused by *internal audit* problems.
It is simply not possible to prevent corruption from attacking the core of a centralized organization. This corruption will eventually always sink it. Read my lips: The entire global economy is about to collapse due to *internal audit* problems.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:03:45
This sounds much better. However, we need an entire armada of tor escrow sites, not just one. Centralized exchange trading is the achilles heel of bitcoin at the moment. That is what causes all the volatility and trouble!
@_date: 2013-12-22 01:29:55
Fixing prices in bitcoin is not required at all. Furthermore, the practice of converting to fiat immediately after accepting a bitcoin payment does not damage bitcoin at all.
The real problem is that bitcoin exchanges try to plugin in directly into the fiat banking system. They should not do that. They should only accept synthetic (perfectmoney, pecunix, egopay ... ) and semi-synthetic fiat (okpay, payza, webmoney, neteller, mayzus, ...) and relegate the problem of injecting/ejecting out of the fiat banking system to them.
MtGox seems to have understood this, now that they are about to set up their own fiat channels through Mayzus. They should accept as many (semi-) synthetic currencies as they can, and facilitate trade between them.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:21:52
You can trade bitcoin safely, only peer-to-peer. The exchanges will either all get robbed or else get their fiat channels shut down. I use localbitcoins.com, but I experiment with smaller, upcoming p2p venues too.
@_date: 2013-12-25 11:47:51
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has even more trouble than the Bank of China (BOC) to convince users to trust them and follow their lead.
India is a country where the police could arbitrarily attack one person and five persons come back to ask angry questions, and then the police attempts to attack another person, and fifty come back threatening to get even with them, and then it goes to 500, 5000, 50000, ...
The underlying mechanics are grounded in the fact that everybody is a relative of everybody else there. This mechanism is effected through a policy of arranged marriage that groups the population in large extended families and clans.
That means that there is not much scope for the police to stray without running into severe reprisals.
That is why I prefer Asia -- and similar areas with no Christian history of breaking down the extended families and degenerating family ties. I simply do not want my kids to grow up in an area where they would be isolated individuals at the mercy of "the system".
Ultimately, all respect is based on the fear for reprisals. If "the system" respects you, it is because they fear you and for no other reason at all.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:46:06
The banks have managed to hide the truth since the 2009 change in accounting rules by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. They no longer need to mark their assets to market. That is why their balance sheet does not show the astronomical losses that the banks have suffered since then. In other words, whatever assets that the banks bought with your deposits, they are now worth nothing at all:
Half of Bernanke's QE (Quantitative Easing) effort is geared at buying these toxic assets at book value. Therefore, the problem is currently mostly being solved by printing money. There is a problem, however. As soon as the professional traders in the market inevitably start a run on the commodities, they will need to prevent you, the ordinary fiat holder, from doing that too. Otherwise, it won't work.
They will freeze your bank account, until it is too late to escape the hyperinflation that will inevitably hit your fiat, when all the value has fled into commodities already.
It may not even be needed to confiscated your money. Just keeping it frozen during a strong bout of hyperinflation will achieve the same effect.
They have multiplied the fiat volume by five. This means that they must get rid of 80% of all fiat money just to get back to the situation of 2007. 
Anybody with fiat savings but no political protection will be toast. At least 80% of their fiat money will be gone. Worse. With the loss of trust in the currency, the remainder will be worth much less than 20% of what it is worth now.
@_date: 2013-12-30 14:12:32
Bitcoin does not solve the two generals problem (n=2). That problem is simply unsolvable. Bitcoin solves the Byzantine generals problem (n is substantially larger than 2) on the condition that there are enough miners and that the proportion of honest to dishonest miners is sufficiently large. They say that 51% must be honest, but I have never verified that calculation by myself.
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:10:09
The pound is worth 20% of what it was worth before QE started (Quantitative Easing), aka: money printing. Max Keiser is right. As soon as the excess liquidity that has now fled into the stock-, bond- and real estate markets, start hitting the commodity markets, the CPI (Consumer Price Index) will go through the roof.
With gold certificates oversubscribed 70-to-1, bitcoin is the only drawbridge left for civilians fleeing the upcoming fiat money implosion.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:39:43
No. This is not "the" crash. This crash does not matter at all, because it does not constitute hyperinflation. As you know, QE (Quantitative Easing) in fiat money cannot continue without risking hyperinflation and it cannot stop without risking the bankruptcy of large chunks in the economy and without causing a collapse in the stock market and in real estate. Either alternative will drive the fiat system into the wall. Consequently, it is the fiat system that is about to crash.
@_date: 2013-12-23 04:10:21
The existing elite are trying to block the growth of the bitcoin phenomenon. It won't help. Bitcoin is simply antifragile. On the other hand, all of this clearly shows again that the existing elite will stop technological progress in order to maintain their grip on power. Let them expose themselves somewhat more, because it prepares the field for the next step: their removal through military means based on technologies specifically constructed for this purpose.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:45:03
Bitcoin's vulnerability are its exchanges. A decentralized currency like bitcoin should only be traded OTC (over the counter). I am now waiting for the next implosion at bitstamp.net and btc-e.com. As soon as OTC systems have finally taken over their trade volume, the volatility will subside.
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:41:00
An exchange is a central point of failure that will either get robbed or else get its incoming and/or outgoing direct fiat channels shut down. Bitcoin exchanges can no longer directly exchange btc to/from fiat at this point. 
Any new bitcoin exchange will need to triangulate over synthetic fiat money first: webmoney, perfectmoney, ucash, egopay, or whatever other synthetic fiat currency available (there are hundreds).
Still, the best way imho is not to use an exchange but to trade peer-to-peer at places such as 
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:57:39
Yes! Let's get rid of the kleptocrats, that thieving oligarchy!
And if they don't like it, we'll put them against the wall, just like last time.
@_date: 2013-12-27 12:07:46
Anybody advocating against the laws of the Supreme Being in order to justify injustices, is guilty of blasphemy and shall be either stoned or burned at the stake. Yes. You may not see it yet, but others do: All of this is going to end in a bloodbath and your kind is in for very bad times.
@_date: 2013-12-18 03:37:54
The problems with the bitcoin price do not even matter. The fiat money supply has been multiplied by at least a factor five since 2008. Therefore, the slightest increase in money velocity will lead to hyperinflation. There is only one way to address the issue: bank account confiscations. Watch the oil, gold, and other commodity prices. If they suddenly start rising, the banks will close and when they reopen, your fiat money will be gone.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:54:11
With all gold shipped to Asia, Bitcoin is the only drawbridge left out of a fiat money implosion. The existing gold certificates cannot be physically delivered. They are oversubscribed 70 to 1. There is no other evacuation route left than bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:28:49
Politics defeats the market, but technology defeats politics. Therefore, every oligarchic arrangement that favours the few to the detriment of the many, has come under technological assault. Technology is the only instrument left to fight back at crony capitalism. That is why the libertarian movement focuses exclusively on the use of technology to defeat the oligarchy. The rebellion is now taking on the bank cartels. Soon, the inevitable will happen and the rebellion will start taking on police and army too.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:38:15
Not true.
There are thousands of people at LBC trading bitcoins against synthetic (perfectmoney, egopay, ...) or semi-synthetic fiat (okpay, payza, neteller ...). He can easily trade with these guys, why not!? 
He can always reach the synthetic or the semi-synthetic fiat systems from India and entirely avoid the ordinary fiat banking system while doing so. India is full of pay-in and pay-out points.
India looks like one of the easiest countries on the globe to triangulate over synthetic!
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:59:46
Too late. The first thing they will do, is to freeze all fiat accounts. You will not be able to run out of fiat, before outright confiscation and hyperinflation eats it all. Since the banks are blocking the evacuation routes to the bitcoin exchanges, you may not even have enough time to convert your fiat money using peer-to-peer methods into bitcoin. It is probably already too late to flee.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:19:12
All holdings in 401k and IRA are in the frontline for confiscation in order to prop up the dollar and the collapsing fiat banking system. As soon as the inevitable sell-off starts in the stock market, they will prevent these funds from moving as well by freezing them and then confiscating them. Even this will not help. Hyperinflation will materialize anyway.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:30:42
He will get a visit from the NSA holding a FISA court order ordering him to stop doing this at once, along with a gag order preventing him from telling anyone why he stopped this project.
He can hedge against this by putting out a monthly message: "I did not get a FISA court order this month to stop accepting bitcoin." As soon as he receives the court order, he can stop publishing this monthly message.
@_date: 2013-12-24 04:56:06
With lots of emphasis on the technology itself, we risk getting into the same debate of *free software* versus *open source*.
Like Richard Stallman started the GNU project to become free from the commercial software oligarchy, Satoshi Nakamoto clearly indicated in his seminal paper that he wanted a decentralized system in order to get rid of the fiat banking cleptocrats.
Therefore, the moral ramifications, that is, winning the battle against the oligarchy -- the fiat nazis -- is more important than the technology itself, which is just a tool to achieve this.
@_date: 2013-12-24 21:01:15


That is indeed what the fiat banking nazis count on. They believe that they can hang on to the monopoly on the use of force and they seriously underestimate our resolve to see this through to the bitter end. Of course, bitcoin will at some point have to deploy an army, because there is no point in appeasing the cleptocrats.
It is again because of the pacifists that we will have to wait until the existing oligarchy finally invade Poland.
With the fiat banking nazis now having clarified that they will use violence to stop the progress of technology because it threatens their grip on power, it has become clear that progress of mankind requires the wholesale extermination of the existing elite.
Now that our decentralized technology has proven to be superior to theirs and defeats them in the field of finance, the existing elite are naive and totally mistaken to believe that our technology will not be superior in warfare and will not defeat them there too.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:09:10
We already have decentralized OTC exchanges. They are still primitive, but they are already quite usable. The solution will gradually emerge by incrementally improving systems like localbitcoins.com and bitcoin.de. Do not waste your time with bitstamp.net or btc-e.com. They are next in line for regulatory attacks and destruction, that is, regulatory terrorism.
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:46:12
Quite a bit of the dangerous excess liquidity has been absorbed by the stock exchange. You can very easily borrow money if you want to buy stock now. It is exactly the same situation as in 1929. The real liquidity shower on the commodities (Consumer-level inflation) still has to come. It will be preceded by a stock market crash.
@_date: 2013-12-21 00:59:00


If the stock market goes from very high to very low, the excess liquidity will rapidly flee into the commodity markets (oil &amp; gas, gold, wheat, frozen orange juice, whatever). This will not cause deflation but hyperinflation! So, expect to see situations like 100 dollars/gallon of gas.
I do agree, however, with his analysis that the stock market is about to crash. It will indeed be Black Tuesday, October 29, 1929 all over again. That is absolutely unavoidable.
@_date: 2013-12-23 12:30:52
Did you mean: revoke your signature on a transaction?
The bitcoin protocol does not support that. If you sign and broadcast a signed transaction (and it is valid) it will be considered final.
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:34:38
This is an attempt to infect you with a virus.
@_date: 2013-12-26 07:05:34
A 3% interest rate will be exported to Europe and Japan too, causing a string of bankruptcies everywhere across the zombie economy, turning a whole new class of bank assets into toxic waste:
I thought that Bernanke had all of that nicely locked in with his hundreds of trillions of derivative contracts? If Bernanke lets loose the leash, the fiat banking system will collapse all around the globe in a matter of hours ...
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:22:17
Bitcoin is a decentralized system, while all these exchanges are centralized points of deceived trust and rampant failure. The ones that can survive for a while will quickly start exhibiting the same internal audit problem as the banks themselves do. They will get robbed. They will also, inevitably, come under regulatory attack. They will have their incoming and outgoing fiat money flows cut off. It is simply not viable to set up a centralized ledger for a currency with a decentralized one. Anybody considering to trade on an exchange instead of OTC should first read Nakamoto's original paper.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:12:46
All attacks on bitcoin that are theoretically possible must also be executed in practice, for us to discover the real exchange rate btc/fiat. 
Therefore, as long as they have not fully shut down mt.gox, bitstamp and btc-e, I do not consider the rate to be stable. All trade must be carried out peer-to-peer. Otherwise, there is still a backlog of theoretical attacks that have not been practically executed, which inflate the value of bitcoin and causes needless volatility.
I will only feel assured of the current price after the entire community -- which is rapidly growing -- has moved to p2p trading.
@_date: 2013-12-25 13:52:41
Nowadays, recessions are caused by fiat banking crises.
First, around 50-75% of any bank's assets (=loans) are now toxic. This means that the bank cannot reasonably expect to get the loan paid back, ever. Most of the money that they received in deposits from customers (and that they have invested in these loans) is therefore gone already. Most banks are simply bankrupt already. Today already. They just don't admit this by pretending that there are still real loans on their books.
Second, the regulators have introduced new "laws" everywhere in the world that a failing bank will be "bailed in" by the large depositors. This means that all the money in bank accounts having more than 100 000 dollars will be confiscated to "save" the bank.
Third, one bank never goes bust alone. All the banks go bust together. This is because of the cross-holdings between banks. You can therefore not hedge against this problem by moving your money to another bank. You can only solve the problem by moving your money entirely out of the banking system.
Consequently, as soon as people receive early notice that the confiscations are impending, there will be a stampede at the doors of every bitcoin exchange market in order to get out of fiat money and to store the money safely out of reach of the kleptocrats who want to steal it.
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:27:58
Bernanke's QE (Quantitative Easing) has now reduced the dollar to 20% of its value by multiplying the number of dollars by five (do the math). Governments have to destroy all drawbridges out of the upcoming fiat money implosion, otherwise their confiscation strategy won't work. With gold certificates oversubscribed 70-to-1, gold can no longer be delivered physically. You can no longer use physical gold to hedge against the impending fiat disaster. Bitcoin is simply the last drawbridge left.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:30:27
Bitcoin is a decentralized currency that protects itself from attack by decentralizing itself. An exchange is a centralized point of failure. The two are not compatible. Theory already predicts that the bitcoin attackers will attack the exchanges. You can only trade bitcoin safely in OTC systems.
@_date: 2013-12-31 13:06:21


The pragmatic solution that the article describes is Liberty Reserve. 
The article seems to forget that Vladimir Kats, the central, single point of failure at Liberty Reserve, is now in jail, facing 75 years in the slammer for "dropping some features that most users find unnecessary".
Satoshi Nakomoto did not drop these features and he is still not in jail ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-21 02:04:05
Be a bit patient. MtGox have just announced a new deal with the semi-synthetic payment network 
Mayzus seems to claim that they are less vulnerable to regulatory attacks and assaults than ordinary fiat banks.
I am personally not so sure about that because MtGox has already tried exactly this with another semi-synthetic player,  Under regulatory pressure, OkPay backed out in a matter of weeks. We are talking about a Russian mafia gang, still bowing to regulatory pressure here!
In my impression, MtGox will have to go fully synthetic just in order to survive. This means going with guys like  or 
But then again, MtGox may also keep avoiding going fully synthetic, because the guys running these things are at the top of the (secret unpublished) New York FBI Most Wanted list. These guys simply qualify for assassination by drone anywhere on the globe. If they make the slightest OpSec mistake, Obama will at once order their assassination and they will be dead meat.
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:29:50


This is not true. Serving American clients has become cumbersome and even dangerous to financial institutions in other countries.
The Treasury Department will seek to arraign, confiscate, freeze, and repossess their interbank accounts in New York, if they do not duly denounce American expats who live abroad and earn salaries abroad.
These American expats are heavily targeted for surveillance and arrest by the police when they set foot back home. According to the new rules, they are guilty until proven innocent.
@_date: 2013-12-25 14:24:52
Look at the "payment method" dropdown at  It lists at least 10 usable, alternative methods to fund your trade with fiat. PerfectMoney and Egopay are even completely anonymous.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:10:00
A decentralized currency requires decentralized trading. All centralized exchanges are all just accidents waiting to happen.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:26:47
You may have trouble reaching a classical bitcoin exchange (bitstamp, mt.gox, btc-e, ...) using the ordinary Indian banking system. I suggest that you try to reach the semi-synthetic fiat payment system by using something like:
*   (obnoxious people, though)
*   (looks better, but never tried myself)
For the purpose of liquidity you may also end up injecting your funds into an entirely synthetic currency such as: 
* 
* 
These synthetic currencies are entirely anonymous.
They have pay-in and pay-out points approximately everywhere on the globe. For example, the semi-synthetic system Mayzus (Not anonymous, though) seems to have at least 8 pay-in and pay-out points in a city such as Amritzar. 
From there, you can trade OTC at  (LBC) by either using one of the OTC counters that trades there in one of these (semi-)synthetic systems/currencies or else set up your own OTC counter there paying/accepting synthetic fiat and try to make a profit by buying or selling ;-) 
As soon as your money is in Mayzus, you can also reach bitstamp.net or btc-e.com, since they also support incoming/outgoing wires to the traditional fiat banking system.
To cut a long story short, you will need to triangulate thoroughly over alternative (synthetic) fiat in order to avoid the ordinary fiat banking system.
If you are not that adventurous, you can also use Western Union and/or Moneygram to trade at LBC.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:54:55
Even without fiat money savings, you will be toast. You will get hit by hyperinflation, just like all of us. Get ready for 100 dollars per gallon of gas. For bitcoin holders, you could think that the corresponding price will be 0.14 btc/gallon. Not true. Since bitcoin is a better evacuation route out of fiat than ordinary commodities, the flight out of fiat will tremendously increase its value. The price in bitcoin will probably be more like 0.0014 btc/gallon.
By the time that the run out of fiat begins, it will be too late for people without political protection to flee, because their fiat accounts will be frozen. You pretty much have to start running away out of fiat into bitcoin now, before it is too late.
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:49:49
Bernanke has been neutralizing all effects that should have led to (commodity) inflation (feeding into the CPI, the Consumer Price Index). For example, Bernanke has been naked short selling gold over the last year. This means that he promised to deliver gold at for example 1250 dollars/oz while he no longer has the gold readily availabe. If the real price is 1700 dollars/oz, he has to pay 350 dollars/oz to do this. Bernanke does not care about that, because he can print these 350 dollars as he pleases. The problem is that the buyers in China and India expect *physical delivery* of the gold. They no longer want dollars, but the real stuff instead. At some point, Bernanke will have a problem with that. Not only the entire production of fresh gold in 2013 has been shipped to China, but all the gold mines have stopped production because of the low price. Therefore, there will be pretty much no gold production in 2014. This is just one game that will go wrong. Bernanke is involved in lots of these games. If just one of these games implodes, panic selling will start on the stock exchange.
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:03:27
Definitely LBC indeed, but do check the reputation of the vendor and the number of transactions he has done already, and split up the transaction into several smaller transactions to keep the value at risk below your treshold. 
The counterparty risk is actually lower with a reputable LBC trader than with an exchange, which could be robbed -- like most are -- or have its fiat channels shut off any time when it comes under attack of the fiat banking nazis.
LBC is very suitable for smaller transactions in one go and to constitute train wagons for relatively large transactions.
If you set up your own OTC counter at LBC you should even end up paying less than at the exchange.
If possible, more your fiat money first to a semi-synthetic channel such as neteller.com, okpay.com, or payza.com or similar. A fiat transaction over a semi-synthetic channel is executed in seconds. This removes the anxiety that something could go wrong in the meanwhile.
This strategy also shields you from an "account review" by your bank which may decide to shut down your personal bank account because of bitcoin trades (without even motivating their decision). The bank will only see one transaction to the semi-synthetic payment channel. It does not see the details of your trades. This really protects you.
Furthermore, if you trade peer-to-peer over traditional fiat banking channels (SEPA, ACH, BACS, ...), the transaction takes way too long, and the whole thing ends up causing lots of psychological stress and strain before the transaction finally completes. I recommend against doing that.
Traditional fiat banks are actually not suitable for anything at all ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:16:21
The practicalities are just that: practicalities. Fundamentally, the system already offers what its core constituency wants, that is, freedom from control by the fiat authorities and no central single point of trust and failure.
We do not want "investors" in bitcoin at this point. We want politically-motivated naysayers.
@_date: 2013-12-23 07:32:51
Stop talking about bitcoin as an "investment". It was never meant to be this.
Bitcoin is a method to confront the oligarchy and to settle our bills with them, daggers drawn. Let them attack our Bitcoin infrastructure, because Bitcoin is just a ploy to provoke exactly that, and to justify the harsh retaliations that the rebellion will inflict on them.
This is the opportunity, now or never, to take on this cleptocratic elite and wipe them from the face of the earth once and for all.
@_date: 2013-12-25 12:03:01
With everybody now waking up to the existence of bitcoin and painstakingly rolling out infrastructure to benefit from its advantages, don't be surprised at more news like this to hit the press.
It is not just the oil producers who are sick and tired of sanctions, bank account freezes, confiscations, withdrawal limits, incessant questioning about why you are paying someone with your money or receiving payment from someone, and the remainder of the growing apparatus of bullshit that the fiat banks impose on their customers.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:34:04
Just like gold -- and unlike fiat bank accounts -- bitcoin puts the responsibility of safeguarding money in the hands of the owner. This is both a problem and a solution. It is a massive problem for people who are incapable of protecting their assets. It is a great solution for people who are.
By the way, with the now impending IMF-inspired, Cyprus-style confiscations of fiat bank balances, we will all finally begin to understand that the ones who were supposed to protect our fiat balances are exactly the ones who will steal them.
There is no magic wand. If you trust someone else to protect your assets, it is exactly that person who will be in the best position to steal them ...
@_date: 2013-12-25 14:13:39
BTC/XAU will then become the relevant measure (with XAU being 1 troy ounce of gold). Since gold is not as fungible (=easily divisible) and not as easy to ship around as bitcoin, I suspect that the BTC/XAU exchange rate will steadily go up.
By the way, the Euro could actually collapse even earlier than the dollar. The actions to save the Euro have never been and will never be as decisive as for the dollar, because it always amounts to getting the Germans to bail out the Spaniards. I think that the Germans will simply invent reasons to wait until it is too late. From there, they simply won't have to do it anyway ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-18 05:36:17
Bitcoin should only be traded OTC. Stop using the exchanges, because they are a prime target for our fiat overlords ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:01:39
This insurance mechanism is simply not possible. The FED cannot just "print" bitcoin to replace your lost ones, while Bernanke can happily create new dollars out of thin air to replace your lost dollars. Bernanke pretty much does it all the time now! ;-)
( *When Bernanke creates new dollars out of thin air, he calls that: QE, "quantitative easing"* )
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:46:40
This kind of things is always an inside job, carried out by rogue bank staff. It is simply not possible to protect against this, because *internal audit* is just other staff, facing the same temptations.
These guys stand to make millions just by siphoning off a copy of the bank client database.
But then again, this is not the most dangerous database of which copies will sooner or later start floating around on the internet.
Wait until the NSA backdoor database starts appearing left and right on black-hat hacker sites. Edward Snowden is not stupid. I am sure that he already has a copy of the NSA backdoor database.
This backdoor database will allow crime syndicates to blackmail airlines about the NSA backdoors in their planes that allow for crashing them in full flight.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:08:18
"Manipulating funds in bank accounts" ... Isn't that called "theft"?
So, if I understand it right, they have asked the NSA to stop stealing?
That won't happen any time soon, I guess ...
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:58:34
That's what they also said to him in 2008 ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:06:12
It can start any time now. Watch the stock exchange and the commodity exchange. As soon as you see that stock goes down seriously (and commodities up), you know that the hyperinflation, wholesale bank account freezing and confiscations have started. By that time, it will be too late to do anything but watch your fiat money become worthless.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:09:18
Not needed. Just triangulate over a synthetic currency system such as PerfectMoney, WebMoney or EgoPay. From there, re-inject into something like OkPay, which is semi-synthetic or soon into mayzusfs.com, which is also semi-synthetic. You may not be able to reach a semi-synthetic currency directly from the ordinary fiat banking system. You will have to go fully synthetic first. It will take you quite some clicks but it will still go faster than wiring fiat money in Japan to Mt.Gox through the ordinary fiat banking system. I suspect that this route is more costly than the typical surcharge at localbitcoins.com for buying from someone there OTC or put your own OTC counter there.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:03:26
The intelligence of the guys who set up btcChina is several orders of magnitude lower than Satoshi Nakamoto's intelligence. I suspect that first, they did not read the original bitcoin paper, second, they would not even understand it. When Nakamoto goes to great length to decentralize the currency's ledger (the blockchain), he knows exactly why: a centralized ledger will be attacked by the fiat powers-that-be. What do the btcChina guys do? They set up a centralized ledger anyway ... Dumb, dumber, dumbest ...
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:06:09
Coinbase are themselves high risk.
All the crooks are looking from the outside on how to rob them while talking to their admin staff into pulling tricks:
*Take our bribe and then your commission on success, and then move on to another admin job at another exchange*  ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-23 03:30:29
Even though politics defeats the market, bitcoin clearly shows that technology defeats politics. The oligarchy is now full on trying to stop new technologies in order to maintain its grip on power. The existing oligarchy has simply turned into an impediment to progress. Therefore, bitcoin is probably one of the last or possibly the last stage of non-military reprisals against the oligarchy. New technologies will increasingly be aimed at the removal of the oligarchy. All of this can obviously only end in the wholesale extermination of the existing elite.
@_date: 2013-12-22 01:19:46
You will need to be patient. MtGox are engaging in a new attempt to get their incoming and outgoing fiat channels up and running again by using a semi-synthetic solution,  
Note, however, that their previous attempt to do this, by trying to enlist  has failed.
Fully synthetic gateways are 100% shielded off, from the fiat banking system. You can only reach them through exchanges such as 
Semi-synthetic gateways (such as also neteller, payza, skrill/moneybookers ...) are partially reachable through the fiat banking system.
The problem is caused by the fact that MtGox does not want to go fully synthetic and in that way relegate the problem of injecting/ejecting fiat into the fiat banking system to other systems that are much better at dealing with this.
If an exchange uses direct connections to the fiat banking system, they are immediately dragged into its regulations, and especially, into its anti-bitcoin policies.
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:43:26
*STEP 1*
Rent a microVPS anonymously with bitcoin. The cheapest ones currently cost 10 USD/year. Install openvpn, tor, and bitmessage on this microVPS. 
*STEP 2*
Install a hypervisor on your own computer. Never surf using the same virtual machine (vm) for the following things:
*  buy anything online while disclosing your identity and/or address; use a separate vm for that.
*  check your mail at gmail, yahoo, or similar
*  surf the plain internet by searching in google
*  use internet banking
*  use the tor network
You need at least 5 different vm's.
Your browser will get constantly attacked by cookies and javascript exploits. Regularly delete your browser user folder. On the long run, this may not be enough. Delete the entire VM in that case or reset to the lastest known-good snapshot.
@_date: 2013-12-23 22:16:21
Since the fiat banking industry actively prevents you from setting up your own bank, this is abusive behaviour. Solution:
[1] Set up your own fiat bank
[2] Wait until they shut it down
[3] Now we have the excuse to shut down theirs too
That will allow us to write out a crowd-funded bounty for shutting down Lloyds.
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:11:28
Why would governments need a decentralized currency such as USDcoin, EUROcoin or YENcoin? Governments are perfectly happy with the centralized currencies that they control now. It is the users who want something else, not the government.


Your question is highly political and you do not want a highly-political answer back. What you are really saying is: Please agree with the political assumptions that I am making without offering different ones. You damn well know that crypto-currencies were created *exactly* in order to pursue such different political assumptions. Read the original bitcoin paper. The entire reason for being of the bitcoin "experiment" is *exactly* to get rid of central banks and their governments.
@_date: 2013-12-23 12:25:49
What about being a bit patient? Rome was not built in a day either ...
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:43:35
BitPay is very vulnerable to regulatory attacks. They provide a useful service but they may at some point no longer be tolerated by the regulators ...
@_date: 2013-12-24 12:11:19
The oligarchy will only respect us when they fear us, that is, when we thoroughly inflict retalations and reprisals. We can of course also listen to the pacifists and wait until they invade Poland.
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:14:25
As long as you do not use Ubuntu or one of its derivatives because Mark Shuttleworth is simply *known* to add backdoors in exchange for some money for himself. Amazon easily convinced him, and you can be sure that the NSA is much more persuasive ...
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:36:28
They have (gently) fired Bernanke. Continuing quantitative easing (QE) will lead to hyperinflation. Tapering QE will lead to a collapse in the stock market and in real estate, through the rise in interest rates, and from there to bankruptcy of the fiat banking system. There is simply no solution to the problem. I am waiting for the impending collapse in the fiat money system. It cannot survive for more than 12 months. The collapse of the dollar, the euro, the pound, and the yen is definitely for 2014. With pretty much all gold shipped to Asia, bitcoin is now one of the last evacuation routes left out of fiat.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:03:22
Right and wrong, good and evil are defined exclusively by the laws of the Supreme Being. Claiming that good and evil could ever be the result of regulations invented by politicians -- such as their inventions concerning divorce -- is a vile pagan heresy. You are preaching to people for them to serve your false gods. You are committing the worst possible offense against the laws of God.
@_date: 2013-12-24 02:58:47
Apple cannot admit *why exactly* they do not want bitcoin apps to run on IPhone. Just don't do it. It is too dangerous to do it anyway.
@_date: 2013-12-20 12:23:25
Yes. I must concede this very point to you. We should not underestimate the Chinese nor their ability to circumvent this kind of obstacles.
@_date: 2013-12-24 12:31:08
Well, their audience ... Any news station has to adapt to what their audience understands and what they want to hear. If you claim that this is a disaster, I must unfortunately concede this point to you ...
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:05:27
Not true.
Bitcoin has already overcome all the obstacles it needs to overcome. 
As soon as the first person paid fiat money for bitcoins and gave value to the first bitcoins, the only real obstacle was already overcome.
What you are talking about are irrelevant practicalities that will get solved *en passant* along the way.
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:06:24
We really do not need another batch of unsophisticated users at this point in time.
The only kind of machines on which you can safely handle bitcoin must run an unadultered form of linux (or freebsd). You cannot use Windows or Mac, because of the backdoors. You should probably not use IPhone or Android either.
The security situation makes it impossible for the average Joe to hold on to his bitcoins. They will get stolen.
At this moment, bitcoin is only for early adopters who know what they are doing.
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:49:15
I just suppose that Yellen is as smart as Bernanke. So, that change will probably turn out to be irrelevant. I never said that Bernanke is not smart. He really is, and he is also really good at what he does. I also believe that he has no other choice than doing what he is doing now. 
Nonetheless, the whole thing can eventually only go into the wall, regardless of how smart Bernanke may be. Regardless of all justifications offered, the money printing can simply not be sustained. Just tapering a bit won't help either. Even if Bernanke stopped printing money right now, it would not help. The problem would still be there.
The money volume is now five times the one of 2007, growing still. Either Bernanke/Yellen find a way to get rid of 80% of the existing money volume or else the prices will have to multiply by five too; that would just be inflation.
If that goes fast enough, however, it also creates a tremendous loss of confidence and a wholesale evacuation out of the currency. That would be hyperinflation.
Seriously, the best-case scenario is that the prices just multiply by five. I cannot imagine that this can be achieved without hyperinflation, though. Nobody has ever pulled this off, ever in history.
Furthermore, if the salaries and social security checks are just multiplied by five too, the deficit will remain and feed into the money supply until another massive bout of inflation puts the whole situation back in square one.
Can you imagine the social unrest if the salaries and social security checks are NOT multiplied by five when the prices are? There is simply no way out of this mess. Bernanke has bought quite a bit time, though. We may be grateful for that. Maybe Yellen can buy some more time, if we're lucky.
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:38:44
That is where the panic selling on the stock exchange comes in:
Just wait until the valuations (P/E ratios) have become truly absurd. For a lot of stock, they already have. The first one to leave, loses the least. That is why a situation like this always ends in panic.
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:32:59
All 203 countries are now trying to fend off a fiat money implosion. Hyperinflation is extremely contagious. If one major currency goes down, they all go down for exactly the same reason. QE (Quantitative Easing), aka "money printing" is truly a global disease. 
With bitcoin the last drawbridge left for civilians fleeing the impending disaster, they are hesitating. If they start shooting on the drawbridge, they cannot use it themselves to flee too. If they don't shoot on the drawbridge, it will sooner or later become a stampede and accelerate the speed of the implosion.
@_date: 2013-12-25 00:19:56
Online is more natural. You can see all the relevant data about your counterparty at one glance:
* Trades: 100+
* Rating: 100%
Then, I take the risk for 1000 dollars or so. On the condition that the fiat channel over which we will trade is fast enough (synthetic or semi-synthetic). I wouldn't dare to do that over SEPA, BACS, or ACH. Too much anxiety ...
@_date: 2013-12-23 02:57:26
[1] Primary demand: People who want to buy something for which they need bitcoin; this is a growing group; in the future there will be lots of things that you can only buy with bitcoin, because it is inconvenient, dangerous or not possible to buy it with fiat.
[2] Secondary demand: People who expect that [1] will grow.
@_date: 2013-12-21 01:29:56
Yes, deflation makes it difficult to stimulate consumerism. By inflating away the value of fiat currency, the fiat system stimulates people to consume now rather than later, and even to borrow in order to consume now.
That kind of policies are not possible if people use bitcoin or gold or similar.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:46:37
Politics defeats the market but technology defeats politics. The libertarian rebel alliance will win the war against the oligarchy because the smartest people who produce the smartest theorems are on our side ;-)
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:05:22
Flip over your BTC at LBC, limited to 1000 dollars a pop. It will take you 150 transactions to do so. On the ACH system, this will take easily up to a week.
@_date: 2013-12-26 06:57:51
They do not publish some kind of history of transactions (What they bought and where) along with some kind of customer rating/feedback/comment. 
Since they do not really put their reputation at risk, my assessment is that the maximum value that you can put at risk with them should not exceed 100 EUR.
@_date: 2013-12-23 12:57:33
I do not believe for a second that Target got "hacked".
I am quite convinced that it was an inside job. A rogue staff member dumped a copy of that database and sent it off to the crime syndicate that commissioned it and bribed him for this. Furthermore, it is very hard to impossible to figure out who it was.
If that is the case -- and it is quite likely that it is -- it means that the credit card system will eventually collapse on the *internal audit* problems at the retailers themselves; which obviously exists at the banks themselves too.
There is a growing and quite liquid market for stolen credit card numbers. The situation can only get worse, and it will not get solved just by letting the credit card companies swallow the damage. Bitcoin is only vulnerable at the exchanges to this problem. The problem does not exist at all in bitcoin, if you trade peer to peer.
@_date: 2013-12-30 10:36:21
You fail to understand that the game is completely rigged. The elite manipulates what they call the "law" -- which is not the law, because only Christians are crooked enough to advocate the legitimacy of that kind of "law", and it requires an impressive set of blasphemies to achieve that -- to make sure that they accumulate all the capital, to the detriment of the rest of the population. That is exactly what *manorialism* is about.
In other words, crony capitalism pre-supposes the widespread glorification of blasphemy.
Christians calling themselves "law-abiding citizens" are in fact blasphemy-touting serfs, slaves to the cleptocratic oligarchs who own everything, including the ugly -- but very expensive -- little house that they will be evicted from during the next foreclosure wave.
@_date: 2013-12-26 10:08:11
Mr. Johnson is right. Choose your battles.
We do not need to change the entire world in one fell swoop. We only need to win the war against the thieving fiat oligarchy, and aim at decisively dethroning these kleptocrats. 
The rest will or will not follow automatically; but that is another story altogether. Let's get rid of the thieves first!
@_date: 2013-12-20 07:42:14
Be prepared to hear that the regulators shut down the attempt anyway. This should not cause panic. Any such news should be expected and be discounted into the bitcoin exchange rate already.
@_date: 2013-12-25 20:20:42
Racial profiling by the banks is part of a large, self-fulfilling prophecy. Since the house owners do it, the employers do it, many government services do it, the police definitely does it, the judges do it, an african-american is indeed more likely to run into trouble and to default on his loan. So, that justifies the higher interest rate, which makes his business more likely to fail, which reinforces what the landlord believes, what the customers believe, what employers believe, and now it has really become true!
The Chinese don't have that problem as much, because they keep to themselves. They don't disclose too much information to outsiders. They stick together. Their community forms a black box. It is very hard to target them with this kind of things. It is not that they did not try to nail the "chinaman". They seriously tried, but they've failed ;-)
Nowadays, it is the Arabs who are on the worst possible black list. They cannot even board a plane anymore!
@_date: 2013-12-23 09:10:51
This was predictible. The electrum wallet is a prime target for thieves. Always verify the signature of the download. The next time they may even engage in a fully-fledged MITM attack instead of just phishing.
@_date: 2013-12-20 04:36:50
In order to do that, you need a fiat channel to both bitstamp and mtgox. As you know, the fiat channel to mtgox is tremendously impaired. It is extremely difficult to evacuate fiat out of mtgox.
Expect all fiat channels using the banking system to become unusable to all exchanges. You can only trade bitcoin safely in a peer-to-peer mode.
@_date: 2013-12-23 03:58:07
We have already proven that we defeat the oligarchy in the field of finance. Our technology is simply superior to theirs. The next step will be to demonstrate to the elite that our military technology is superior as well.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:51:30
You are yourself a troll.
@_date: 2013-12-30 11:36:48
It explains the confusion in vocabulary. When the elite says "Capitalism" they actually mean "Manorialism".
Second, how comes that the population accepts all of that? Why is it possible to rip them off so easily?
With a few financial manipulations -- see by yourself how -- the cleptocrats manage to foreclose approximately anybody out of their house and accumulate some more capital for themselves. The cleptocrats never lose money on their deals. If they ever do, their captive regulators will just print some more money and hand it over to them to bail them out. 
So, now with the fresh money, the cleptocrats can attempt again to manipulate some more serfs out of the last bit of property they have, that is, their little, ugly house. Wait for the next foreclosure wave and see how many more serfs have become homeless.
But then again, what explains fundamentally that the capitalism degenerates in manorialism? You cannot solve the problem, unless you understand its cause.
The problem is fundamentally caused by the blasphemies that these serfs believe in and tout to others. They are not "law-abiding citizens" at all. They are naive, pagan serfs, very prone to manipulation, and totally misguided too. Their lawmaker, their false god, is the thieving oligarchy who will take away everything they own, even their soul. That is who they serve.
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:03:20
Using the scan of a piece of paper as evidence for a payment instruction, (a "cheque"), is seriously dangerous. Everybody and their little sister can photoshop forgeries of those.
Let's teach the banks their jobs, because their stupidity seems to be absolutely boundless. This is a cheque:
-----BEGIN BITCOIN SIGNED MESSAGE-----
INSTRUCTION IDENTIFIER: 5891b5b522d5df086d0ff0b110fbd9d21bb4fc7163af34d08286a2e846f6be03
DATE: 2013-DEC-27
VALID TILL: 2014-JAN-31
AT THE CHARGE OF PAYER IBAN:  DK50 0040 0440 1162 43 
PAY THE AMOUNT OF:  1200 EUR
TO BENEFICIARY IBAN:  DE89 3704 0044 0532 0130 00
-----BEGIN SIGNATURE-----
-----END BITCOIN SIGNED MESSAGE-----
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:20:15
Any evacuation route out of fiat is dangerous for the fiat system. That is why pretty much all gold has been shipped to Asia. There is no bullion left whatsoever in western countries. Bitcoin is the last drawbridge left. With the coming confiscations of fiat deposits, followed by hyperinflation, it will be the very last way to escape out of fiat.
@_date: 2013-12-31 12:54:36
You can use your okpay account to trade bitcoins at  There are lots of counterparties buying/selling bitcoin there, who settle fiat over 
But then again, it is not the only rapid fiat channel around (that is, a channel that clears in seconds).
I personally find the okpay guys a bit arrogant, and other people say that their helpdesk is regularly overwhelmed with issues related to the fact that the traditional banks seriously don't like them ;-)
What I understand is that if there is a problem -- and this can certainly happen -- you may feel quite underwhelmed by the speed at which the issue gets resolved ...
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:45:23
In time, bitcoins are getting more valuable, even without printing more dollars. It takes a few clicks and 20 minutes to safely send 1 million dollars (if you have them) to someone else across the world.
It is almost impossible to do that using an ordinary fiat banking channel.
You will hit all kinds of "limits", questioning, and even then they will make you wait for a week before it's done, while they will never, ever confirm that your 1 million dollars has really arrived at destination.
You will have no proof whatsoever that you have paid the counterparty!
All that the fiat bank will be willing to declare, is that the money has left your account. You will only know that it arrived at destination, if the beneficiary tells you so. Otherwise, you won't know anything at all.
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:37:44
Well, in that case, these large corporations had better move as soon as they can out of the dollar, the euro, the yen, and the pound. After multiplying these currencies' volume by five, do you really believe that the existing price levels can remain the same? Bernanke is a fantastic player. Up till now, Bernanke has mostly managed to prevent the excess liquidity from hitting the commodity markets and feed consumer-level inflation. How much longer do you believe that Bernanke can keep printing money and at the same time prevent this from happening?
@_date: 2013-12-27 00:49:54
If you do that, the thieving fiat oligarchy and their kleptocratic banks will just steal your money.
@_date: 2013-12-26 09:50:12
We do not really know this, because it would at least require testing the hypothesis. The statement is simply not falsifiable/refutable at the moment. Applied math has the same requirements as physics. It is not enough to axiomatically reduce the statement. You must also execute it.