@_author: internetdv8
@_date: 2014-09-08 00:25:44
Every 24 hour period. It will be slightly lower for the first payout however once it is constantly running for multiple days it should maintain a consistent payout. Also, when you select a pool for your miner go to 'rates' &amp; check which pool has the highest rate of bitcoin or altcoin return. Gotta make the most of it :) 
@_date: 2014-09-07 01:55:02
This is awesome!. I am soo glad to FINALLY be able to purchase a miner as many companies either don't ship outside the states or are soo outrageously expensive, it wouldn't be cost effective even if they did. These are really well priced &amp; hopefully it will incentivise other companies to lower their prices in order to remain competitive. 
Couldn't believe last time I checked their site that Gaw Miner didn't have any GH platforms - Well, this fixes that!. 
@_date: 2014-09-07 01:38:14
You should have got emailed about 3 different emails - 1 as a notice of shipment (although it is NOT shipped - purely a formality). 1 as an invoice of item purchased &amp; the third is the miner itself!, which should have a code in a table labelled "zenCloud miner active code" and look similar to a wallet address with upper-case &amp; lowercase lettering. 
Once logged onto the zencloud site go to the 'Miners' section &amp; add your code at the plus sign for Zencloud Miner Code - this will activate your miner (&amp; you can nominate your pool &amp; even 'Merge' your miners together by clicking &amp; dragging for a higher hashrate for any future purchases). 
I had no probs getting started &amp; am looking forward not only to my first future payout, but also the fact that this gets me into mining in a cost effective way as hardware &amp; electricity costs where I live basically left me in the wings for a long time. Good luck with it. 
@_date: 2014-10-12 01:36:21
This doco was OK. However, I was frankly expecting alittle more after the wait - seemed like all the best bits were on the trailer (not much of the interview with the Winklevoss twins), nothing with Andreas (which would have been good) and kinda focused more on the life of the host then the technology itself &amp; as a result would still leave many burning questions for those unfamilar with it - Kinda for the inner circle then. 
The posts from Satoshi were a nice bonus &amp; something that I was not aware of prior. I just wish I could've gotten more outta this, rather than thinking it was just preaching to the choir &amp; if you have been following this technology very closely especially for the past year, not much will surprise you here. Frankly, I have learnt alot more from online talks, articles &amp; news stories then this movie. It is not all bad by any means - just had high expectations &amp; was left wanting. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 03:37:20
I don't think so, just either join a Bitcoin community meetup &amp; buy from someone face-to-face, buy from an ATM (although there fees are quite high) - or better yet, just use a reputable online exchange &amp; take the modest 2% or so fee they charge (&amp; buy when low). 
Hope this helped, Ebay sales of Bitcoin are just way too risky for my liking as it leaves you very little recourse if you do get scammed &amp; you may very well lose all your money &amp; receive zero Bitcoin in return, especially if they're located internationally, law enforcement in these instances will probably do absolutely nothing to help your situation as it's just not worth their time &amp; resources to catch these guys. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 00:19:44
I understand that life in prison is a high price to pay for running a website regardless of the product. But why is there soo much support for Ulbricht now that he's facing trial &amp; complete disassociation with him when his website was actually active? (Everytime this was the focus the response was "This is not what Bitcoin is - nor what should be focused on"). Isn't this more about preserving Libertarian ideals i.e. legalized  drugs &amp; honest money rather than fighting for Ulbricht himself?. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 06:41:56
Could be worse, think of all those people who sold all their coins in a moment of panic. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 07:59:33
You definitely need to store your Bitcoins in a secure place where YOU have control. While it is true that you can never have complete control, passing your Bitcoins to a third party just smacks of convenience trumping security, especially considering all the recent headlines about losing Bitcoins due to poor online security it's akin to leaving your front door unlocked when leaving the house. As Andreas Antonopoulos said, "Keep your invested or long-term stash of coins in a wallet which you own the keys to, make backups, store it securely but don't go overboard (as too much security can also be a hindrance years later), remember your passcodes etc. then if you lose them it is your fault &amp; yours alone, only store Bitcoins you intend to spend on online exchanges &amp; keep it small so if you lose them it's not the end of the world". Sage advice. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:10:53
Things happen, maybe unexpected bills, family dramas, medical expenses etc. &amp; they don't take Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:07:37
Even though there are many good things about Bitcoin (&amp; I agree there are), that still doesn't mean that it's ever going to be a social norm on pace with other regulated currencies. There are a lot of great ideas that for one reason or another never see the light of day and never reach widespread adoption for numerous reasons. I'm just trying to bring about some questions about this method of payment without all the rationalization of X currency bring much worse!. Bitcoin has its problems too &amp; if they are just swept under the rug when faced with criticism because you can point to holes in others, then we will never end up fixing them.
@_date: 2015-02-04 10:00:05
Great news, can't wait to book my next holiday. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:21:48
Exchange Mycoin in Hong Kong disappeared with 387 million in peoples money. Which is no small feat. We can frankly, spend ALL DAY playing the blame game here. And for all the reasons you listed I hope Bitcoin succeeds. I just think it may potentially end up involving soo many 3rd parties such as exchanges, securities, remittances etc. to protect the average Joe from themselves that it may just become easier to stay with the status quo as people have already grown a custom to it, than to trust a new player which still has to iron out the wrinkles. I guess only time will tell. 
@_date: 2015-02-10 02:13:30
Isn't that the long-term goal if adoption is the fundamental premise?. Instability has bonuses i.e. more buying power. However, when it's low it has the opposite effect. For example mining companies closing down due to the coins being worth far less as it doesn't recoup the energy used to mine it to begin with.    
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:51:43
Nice!. Thank you Coinjar. 
@_date: 2015-02-05 01:13:05
I'd like to know how she or others who experience this ransomware if not familiar with Bitcoin get $500 worth soo quickly after this message appears?. You'd almost certainly have to get them from a friend or private individual already holding Bitcoin, as exchanges would certainly not make the 24hour deadline if starting from scratch.
@_date: 2015-02-13 02:28:39
People always talk shit about bank corruption to support Bitcoin on this thread so I thought it would fit the narrative, glad you got the irony ;)  
@_date: 2015-02-05 01:33:51
I am frankly very surprised that there has been such an upsurge of support of Ulbricht during this trial, as all I ever heard prior was "This is a curse to the growth of Bitcoin and once these bad-players are removed from the market - Bitcoin with receive more legitimatized mainstream support, rather then being seen as a den of thieves". Therefore, I think some people may be projecting several aspects into this one trial, such as 'level of privacy online', 'drug laws', 'who should pay the ultimate price of jail  time &amp; what is an acceptable amount? - (Life just seems too severe). 'Monetary freedom', 'technological innovation &amp; it's constraints or government regulatory involvement'. among others. I think both sides are making this man a poster boy but for VERY different reasons. 