@_author: internetofmoney
@_date: 2014-10-09 10:34:41
I've drastically changed the introductory text. My reasoning is that this is a "How To" about buying Bitcoin, and so (I reason) it follows that the introductory text should be an introduction to a "How To" about buying Bitcoin, not an introduction to Bitcoin itself.
I am happy to author further additions to the article myself based on contributions from here (I'll also be happy when I see more editors have contributed to the WikiHow piece itself).
Additions proposed here (all very good points, thank you, it shows that my knowledge of how to buy Bitcoin in the UK is not complete as I had not considered these things) are:
Using ZipZap:
I attempted to do this. I have not used ZipZap before but have heard of it. I found a press release on PayZone's website which indicates that users can by accessing  register with the service before travelling to one of their retail locations. I can't find the registration option, is this service currently only available to its existing users? If not how does a new user register?
Using Circle:
I attempted to do this. I have not used Circle before but have heard much about it recently. I registered a test account, and found I had to complete Mobile Verification. On the next page, there were further steps to complete before I would be allowed to purchase Bitcoins. I referred to their help guide and it was quite insistent (in my opinion) that users must hold a US checking account, is this the case? Or can a UK citizen use the service without this restriction? If someone could give me a walkthrough of the process I could publish it (or better, you can edit the Wiki yourself).
I would like to explain much better in the article that methods vary on characteristics like price, speed, simplicity and ease of use. This is a large part of why I re-wrote the introductory text but I would like to indicate in the title of each method something to help guide people, like I have with the statement "Fees vary but are around 5-7%" with the ATM method. Could anyone suggest similiar text for the other items?
The Using a Trader method is one I have not used myself before, so did not feel confident enough to write a step by step guide on this. I am sure plenty of other users here have used Traders.
Are there alternatives to BittyBot? I do not want to appear biased. I realize I have already created bias towards the GreenAddress wallet (do you agree?). I mention this wallet instead of others like Blockchain, Hive or Breadwallet because it works on Android, iOS and Desktop and the private keys are not held in a fully centralized fashion - I fully agree with Mr Antonopoulos's comments before the Canadian Senate that centralization creates points of weakness that do not need to exist, and that reduce the benefits the bitcoin protocol presents to end users.
I have not added a warning to Method 4, Point 6, but I would like to decide how to add a more general warning about security, I have seen on other WikiHow articles that "Tips", "Warnings", and "Related Reading" can be added to an article at the end.
Madcotto, the numbers after the names of services are hyperlinks. This is how WikiHow formats links; basically it's their decision not mine - I think it would be better for the word itself to be the clickable link, as is common elsewhere on the Internet. They give a second option, and that is that I can type  and that will become clickable (and the https:// has to be included), but I cannot type CoinRadarATM and make that clickable (unless I am mistaken?).
I have added Kraken and have also separated the Exchanges that do and do not accept GBP natively. I've chosen to treat the Exchanges that only accept SEPA deposits separately as well, am I wrong to do this? I do not know whether it is a necessity when making a SEPA payment to convert the amount from GBP/EUR (again, help please if I've made a mistake).
I am not a programmer and my opportunities to help Bitcoin have so far seemed been quite limited (beyond asking merchants: do you accept Bitcon, and end users: have you heard of Bitcoin?) but I am using my modest talents for explaining things to make a small contribution :).
@_date: 2014-10-08 10:20:37
Suggestions for improvement: The section on Using a Trader could use some more detail? I haven't used a trader.
The section on Using an Exchange is copied from the existing Bitcoin article about this, I think both could potentially be improved.
In general, I think some indication of fees involved for each method could be useful.
I believe in transparency, I think the more detail there is the better.
Perhaps it'd even be worth creating further guides, such as How to use Netagio, How to use LocalBitcoins, these could be linked to from this guide, so once someone has chosen which service they're going to use they could have a more detailed guide of exactly what to do. I realize this information already exists elsewhere but when you're new to Bitcoin, having a WikiHow article holding your hand through the process can be useful. I don't know if WikiHow have standards around what article subjects can potentially be and whether this would be acceptable, but in the absence of this information (whether or not it's acceptable) I think it would be OK for people to go ahead and create these guides.
Perhaps a guide on How to Decide How to Buy Bitcoin could even be useful, to take people through the decision process (since it involves considering ease of use, fees, speed, security, and possibly other factors).
@_date: 2014-10-08 09:41:35
The pre-existing WikiHow article had no mention that it was aimed at US citizens, and wasn't very useful for UK citizens. I think that the US centric article ( could also use some work though - I think Circle should be mentioned, for instance.
If you're from another country aside the UK or US, it may be worth creating a guide for your country (if the instructions in the existing articles are not useful to citizens of your country).
@_date: 2014-10-09 11:55:59
I already have. Your website is currently not working for me by the way.
@_date: 2014-10-09 11:59:52
I joined the Wiki at bitcoin.it, wanting to edit the discussion page of their article "Buying Bitcoin (the newbie guide" but found I wasn't able to. I wanted to comment that their guide is misleading because it is aimed at US citizens and does not make this clear. I am starting to think we need to do much better at deseminating this information; newbie's do not want to be spending a lot of time figuring out how they can buy Bitcoin, from their country, which if you do not live in the US can be a barrier. Do a Google search as if you're new to Bitcoin and want to buy some, are you satisfied with the results?
@_date: 2014-10-08 10:53:54
Downvoted because of what other comment said. Also, we don't need an alternative coin for this, just a smart contract between two entities, where one agrees to hold a digital asset called digitalUSD (or whatever) and the other agrees that, whatever the BTC/USD rate is, they'll insert enough BTC (+50% to allow for volatility) into the contract. Much like how bitshares bitUSD works, except they've decided to issue their own altCoin and then offer the smart contract in relation to that instead of bitcoin (presumably because they want to profit from being a day zero holder of their altcoin).