@_author: internat10nal
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:30:45
Beware that if you are a citizen of any of the "Non-Cooperative Countries or Territories" in the Financial Action Task Force 
[list]( you will not be allowed to trade at Bitcoin.de, regardless of if you reside in Germany, your verification status, or if you have a German bank account.
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:16:42
@_date: 2014-12-11 08:57:46
Yes, I just mentioned that because that's the information I got from them in an email after I asked why did they block me from using the marketplace. They said that:


I was pointed to a link with their new terms and conditions and to the section "Erklärung und Informationsbericht der FATF" in the BaFin website.
I was allowed to withdraw my Bitcoins and, needless to say, since then I have taken my business elsewhere. I had no problems opening an account with Fidor and using Kraken.
Edit: quoted text
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:46:28
I have used SOFORT before without issues. I also had the same concerns the first time I used the service and I still don't like their "security" concept. It does seems VERY suspicious and I agree it should always be a red flag when you click on pay button and you are suddenly redirected to a different website (which is not your bank) asking for your Bank account's details, the PIN and a TAN number to go with it.
The only reason I went through with that was because after doing some research they seemed to be legit (TÜV certified and all) and because the website suggesting this option as a payment method was trustworthy (and there is a bunch of them). The alternative would have been to give my credit card details and let them bill me, which arguably aslo poses some risk.
The SOFORT website claims that you are not able to cancel the transaction, though I wouldn't know if they have a way to stop you from doing that or they just expect you not to do it.
@_date: 2014-12-10 14:38:34
Yes. In fact, now that I check, just to rectify, it is not only the countries in the FATF list that are not allowed to trade there, but according to their [terms and conditions]( you can only trade there if you are a citizen of any of the following countries:
Germany or another country of the European Union, Australia, Brasil, India, Japan, Canada, South Korea, Mexico, Switzerland, Singapore, South Africa