@_author: intlmanphyle1
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:42:31
But you’re not the only one
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:51:26
@_date: 2019-01-10 08:06:06
Government controlling the amount and price of fiat currency (through the fed) has same flaws as the government trying to control the quantity and price of any good and service. The government cannot allocate anywhere near as appropriately as the free market, even if they were benevolent. Which they are not. Additionally, their management of the supply screws up price signals in ALL industries, not just one. The fact that the government can print 1 or 1 trillion dollars with the same amount of effort is fatal to the economy. It ruins the scarcity of the dollar. It is counterfeit. It is susceptible to the whims of politicians, majorities, and crony corporations.
I read some of your earlier comments, and you are correct that currencies need some inflation should the market demand call for it, and a completely noncorrupt, competent government manager (a utopian, and at best short-term, concept) could do ok. But it would never be close to what the market requires. You are wrong that gold is outdated. Gold's value has been scientifically proven over millennia of trial and error. The benefit of gold is that it works perfectly as a market response to a need for inflation. As products (e.g. houses) increase in quantity relative to the amount of gold, this stimulates the relative price of gold, incentivizing investment in mining for more (the "price" of gold goes up, therefore, people produce more supply). The new gold in the economy *is* your "inflation," but price signals cause the inflation to stop when the equilibrium is overshot. It is a FAR better system than even the best case of government controlled fiat.
Also, "Fiat" mean "by force." We have fiat because it is forced upon us, not because it was chosen as the best option.
Admittedly, Bitcoin's fixed total is a limitation. We won't be able to mine more when the market calls for it. I admit I do not have the answer to this yet; I do not understand forks enough. *But* Bitcoin solves the absolutely crucial necessity of scarcity of the money supply. Money needs to be a quantification of human labor, and this quantification needs to be natural, not determined by a select few.
@_date: 2019-01-10 19:27:45
Thank you! Pointing out flaws and asking questions is the best way for us both to learn and solidify difficult concepts. I encourage us both to keep learning!
@_date: 2019-01-10 17:53:32
I appreciate the thoughtful response. Historically, currency has been created out of the “most easily and readily tradeable good.” It’s essentially a good that’s value comes from its facilitation of a barter system. There are other features that matter too, like durability and uniformity, that make perishable goods and the like unsuitable. Gold has regularly been determined to be the best good. 
That’s the way it has been for 90% if human history. Money being designated as a separate “currency” has happened before, but rarely and pretty much always in times of cultural decline when a government needs to pay for more than it can afford to keep itself afloat. You can’t pay for unlimited promises with a scarce currency. That is the period that we are in now. This period always ends in decline, and we have to switch back to a scarce currency to create value again (see Rome, Britain, Ottomans for examples of this). Thinking of money as something other than the most easily tradeable good is a relatively new economic teaching, and new does not make it correct.
As another note, spending for the sole purpose of spending does stimulate the economy, but only through bubbles. If the goal is to get people to spend, that means you are trying to get them to spend money on things that they aren’t naturally buying on their own (essentially buying things they don’t need). This does cause investment in what’s being bought, but the actual value behind these markets is artificial. There is large malinvestment; the investments could instead go to improving something people actually want. Eventually, people realize that a good or service isn’t worth as much as it is selling for, and the bubble pops. Crazy market swings come mostly from screwed up price signaling caused from an inappropriately controlled dollar.
Gold is heavy and difficult to transport compared to paper. That’s why we got on the dollar in the first place (it was a gold certificate, directly exchangeable for gold but easier to carry). Government waited a few generations until people forgot that the gold was the actual value, not the paper, and then removed the gold from behind it (and actually made it illegal to require gold over dollars as a debt payment). Maybe gold backed crypto would be a better option in the future. That’s up to markets to decide though