@_author: intranetusa
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:34:04
To an extent. I believe the housing market is pretty localized though. If your budget is X and your criteria is Y, there are only so many communities you're going to look at. If you have money and want to send your kids to a good school in the suburbs, you dont care about price fluctuations in run down urban areas. My family members bought two houses around the time of the recession - one went down while the other was barely affected. There isn't a universal market for houses where all communities are affected everywhere like you'd get in a commodity bubble trading in the same/similar goods. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:20:45
Not in all areas though. Many areas had very little new buildings and still crashed. The common theme was over-evaluation of the value of houses.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:53:09
I disagree. The most basic commonality of bubbles is over-evaluation of something (could be anything). You really don't need to increase supply to create a bubble. 
Take a look at the housing bubble crash. A good chunk of the housing market bubble wasn't caused by an increase in supply, but rather an increase in the value of preexisting homes. You can't "increase supply" as you can't build houses overnight and you can't build houses in areas where there are already houses. 
In fact, the housing market is comparable to Bitcoins - in many areas of the country, you have a static, unchanging number of houses in a community, but those houses went up in value far more than the fair market value and thus still created a bubble. And e-coins can increase supply by mining, forking, creating new e-coins, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:00:48
The rich own assets because it's beneficial to own now. If you make currency better to own than assets then the rich will simply own more currency. Historically, the rich owned whatever was good to own. Centuries ago, the rich hoarded all the money, gold, etc. 
At least the rich investing in assets does far more to help the economy than the rich hoarding their currency.
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:01:47
You clearly didn't bother reading the original topic.
And my point went over your head apparently.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:51:58


Bitcoin is currently not a good form of exchange. I didn't say it can't ever be used as currency - I just said it is currently bad currency with many investors not really treating it as currency. Bitcoin needs decades to stabilize into something that can actually achieve its original intended purpose. 
Yes, bitcoin may better than garbage currency or failing 3rd world currencies - but that's not saying much. In relation to those countries, it's the equivalent of buying gold when your country's currency is in free fall. You buy it to protect your assets, not because you want to use it as the new medium of exchange. 
Bitcoin is bad currency because of hyperdeflation - Argentinian peso is bad currency because of high inflation. 
It's not remotely better than any stable currency out there.


At the end of the day, it doesn't really matter what you think either. I can't change the mind of millions of people and neither can you. But for you to keep replying to me, then it obviously matters to you what I think in context of this discussion and we're trying to convince each other of our points.


Bitcoin's original purpose is to create e-currency. It has failed to do so for the most part so far. Bitcoin treated as an investment by the majority, not as currency. At least etherum is actually more successful in achieving its intended purpose, and thus has actual uses in addition to trying to be a way to store value and transact for goods. 


You literally just said give bitcoin some time because it is only 8 years old, yet you don't do the same for etherum? Bitcoin is 8 years old, while etherum is only 2 years old. Etherum has achieved in 2 years much more than what bitcoin has achieved in 2 years.


You're missing the point. Having no government oversight presents plenty of problems. Do you really see no problems with a form of money having no regulation, oversight, government stabalization, etc


You mean like every other blockchain out there? Show me the majority of bitcoin owners keep bitcoin because they want to use it as money, rather than keeping it as an appreciating asset.


Perfectly fine medium of exchanges don't have hyperinflation and hyperdeflation constantly changing its value by 10,000x over a few short years.


Except Bitcoin isn't really successful as money yet. It's currently a speculated commodity with extremely volatile prices, in which some companies have accepted for bartering.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:24:02
I have no idea whether bitcoin will go up or whether it will crash. My only point is that Bitcoin is not very good as currency and its wild price fluctuations defeats its original purpose as currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:49:48


If it's so obvious then people should stop pretending it's currently a currency that can replace well established and stable national currencies. It's currently a speculative investment commodity and has a long way to go before it fulfills its goal of being a currency.


Look at the original post for this entire article. The chart referenced early 1900s money printing.


Doesn't that tell you more about the unrealistic enthusiasm of some bitcoin owners who think bitcoin can replace stable currencies within our lifetime? Y


Then stop treating it like it is the answer, solution, and replacement to national currencies.
It's still an experimental item treated as an appreciating asset. It's nowhere near a stable currency.


Typo/Brain-fart. 


That makes it even worse, no? Creating an unstable asset out of thin air that was worthless then but now worth 10k each now and enriching all the early investors who trade them in for dollars. That doesn't improve its legitimacy as a stable currency whatsoever.


It has zero stability in terms of the people who actually have bitcoins. You can use a bitcoin to buy pizza today, but if you know it'll double in value in a year, your incentive to hold it as an assert rather than use it as currency. That makes it a failure as a medium of exchange. 
Again, bitcoin is like gold. It's an asset you hold on to and occasional sell/barter out. It's not really currency because the point of currency is to use it to buy/trade for OTHER things, not buy and hold itself. If someone invented an instant exchange that can convert gold into dollars, then vendors would be willing to take gold too. 


Which makes it a great speculative trading commodity but an absolute failure as a currency. Bitcoin has so far not come close to achieving its objective as an e-currency.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:18:28
Taking over what? People are using e-currency as a speculative investment opportunity to make money in the short term. The insane increase in bitcoin prices defeats the original purpose of using bitcoins as currency because nobody is going to spend bitcoins if it's so lucrative as an investment.
And there are a hundred other e-currencies out there. Etherum, for instance is more useful and has more potential in the long run.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:50:30
I agree that e-currencies will have more potential in the future when their prices stablize.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:42:31


Value is also determined by perception of those factors. You can still create a bubble by creating the perception that something is demanded without significantly affecting real supply or demand. Look at the housing crash for example. A lot of communities had little to no construction of new houses (supply remained constant) yet their value still crashed non the less because they were overvalued based on perception.


You don't need to be a day trader to invest in something. How many people actually use bitcoins as currency? Do you think people would trade their bitcoins for pizzas if they thought it would go up 1000% in value a week later? No, they would hold on to it. 


I'm not saying crypto isn't valuable. Me and my friends have invested in crypto too. I'm saying crypto isn't actually useful as currency as long as people treat it as a continuously appreciating asset. Currency needs to be stable.


Technically, the dollar can be traded almost anywhere on the planet. 
E-currency can potentially become infinite with creating of new e-currencies, forks and derivatives, etc. And having a finite supply of something used as money is not good for its use as money, as it can hold back economic growth. Finite amount of currency encourages hyperdeflation and hoarding of currency - thus defeating its purpose as a medium of exchange.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:58:39
Almost any spending can help the economy - even wasteful frivilous spending. The money exchanges hands and that is what helps the economy. Look at stimulus boosts around the world - China built ghost cities, subsidized and created an oversupply of goods (eg. metals) that other countries didn't want to buy so folks can keep their jobs, etc. 
If you build a giant stupid sh1t and make it a tourist attraction, people will flock to see it and spend money on the economy.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:44:01
OP's comparison is incredibly misleading. According to inflation calculator, $1 in 1913 is equal to $25 today. That's only a 25x increase over ONE HUNDRED (100) years. This means the dollar has under gone relatively low inflation and is pretty stable. Bitcoin was worth less than a penny back in 2008, but let's just use 1 cent ($0.01) for comparison purposes. Now it's worth $10,000. Bitcoin has gone up 1,000,000x in less than TEN (10) YEARS. This means Bitcoins is undergoing something similar to hyperdeflation or as a rapidly appreciating asset.
Your coin only going up or down 25x or 1/25x in value over 100 years means it's actually pretty stable and you can actually use it as money. Your coins going up 1,000,000x in value in less than 10 years means it's not really stable and you'll be hoarding it and not actually using it as money.
It doesn't matter if it's inflation (dollars) or hyperdeflation (bitcoins). Money needs to have stability. Very high inflation encourages people to get rid of money asap. Very high deflation encourages people to hoard currency like gold. Neither is healthy for currency.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:37:05
Bubbles are also caused by when the demand falls out even when there isn't a large increase in supply. This happens when demand was artificially propped up in the first place.
This is what happened with large chunks of the housing market.
Also, bitcoins doesn't exist in its own separate universe in a static state. There are plenty of e-currencies out there (each of which can arguably be considered as increasing the supply of e-currency...especially when it can be interchanged), bitcoin can be mined/increased, and you have e-currency forks that generate an entire new class of derivative e-currency.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:55:27
That is true. But I don't really count house-flippers/house-speculators as count as "oversupply" in the sense you're creating more houses. You still have the same supply -  you just artificially inflated demand. 
I think my original point was that you don't need to greatly change true supply and demand to create a bubble. You only need to change perception or artifically inflate something...which means bitcoin can also become a bubble despite not having a significant increase in the number of bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:27:37
The Argentinean peso is failed currency. Nobody wants wild fluctuations in their currency. Hyper inflation (peso) or hyperdeflation (bitcoin) are both bad for currencies. 


For some people, it is money. For most people, it is a speculative asset where they can make money.  As for solving problems, there are e-currency alternatives that are better than bitcoin. Etherum, for example, actually has a more practical purpose in computing 


No regulation is always a double edged sword.


Yes, so bitcoin is like a lump of gold. You keep it in your safe so it goes up in value. When you need money, you sell it to pay for expenses. That's not a bad thing, but that means it's not a very good medium of exchange.


Until they update the code, have another hardfork, etc. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:04:47
I'm not only refering to people not using bitcoins to buy stuff, but people not using bitcoins to invest in stuff. Let's say bitcoin goes up in value 20% every year. There is no point in investing in stocks, or a person who wants a loan to open a coffee shop if the rate of return is only going to be 5% every year. If people view bitcoins as an opportunity to make money, then bitcoin is not a medium of exchange but an investment in itself. 
That defeats the purpose of using bitcoins as currency - it becomes more like gold that is held to appreciate in value and then occasional used to barter for goods.
Deflation isn't a bad thing, but hyperdeflation is a bad thing because that means your currency isn't stable. Just like inflation isn't bad, but hyperinflation is bad. Bitcoin would be fine as currency if it was stable and went from $.01 several years ago to maybe $.05 today. However, when you go from less than $0.01 to $10,000 within 8 years, that is pretty bad to use as currency. It's great as an investment like stock, but you're not going to spend 1 bitcoin on pizza this week if you think it'll double in value next week.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:50:55


You can say that about the vast majority of government spending and government agencies. That's why things like Tesla, e-cars, corn, etc get subsidized in the first place. Government spending doesn't follow supply and demand.
And we really don't need much of anythings, but we want a lot of things. Our demand is often artifically created anyways. We wouldn't have a demand for fruit loops, lucky charms, coco pebbles, etc if we weren't bombarded by advertising when we were kids. We don't need that fancy diamond ring or that red sports car, but we want it because some parts of society encourages extravgent displays of wealth. Much of the new anti-GMO, anti-Gluten, anti-everything trend arose thanks to corporate advertising and getting a leg up over their competitors. 
The government could very well artifically create a demand for barbie dolls by putting ads in every household for barbie dolls, and half the little girls in America would want them.
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:26:58
He spent all of his money on bitcoins?
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:08:34
Value and inflation are connected. Inflation is caused by the value of something going down. 
Money/cash dollars and E-currencies are both assets. E-currencies are non-tangible assets that you can create more of  - you can create more e-coins through mining, forks, creating new e-currency, etc. Bitcoin can have many derivatives, and there will be thousands of e-currencies to compete with bitcoin within the next decade. 
In the best case scenario, even if Bitcoin was a tangible asset like gold, the economy would still be susceptible to depression, inflations, etc. The gold standard not being able to create a larger supply of money in response to rising value and production of other asserts restricted economic growth and caused a lot of problems. [Edit: I just realized you are not the guy claiming e-currencies can't have bubbles/depressions, so that may not be relevant] 
Folks are currently treating e-coins as an investment/stock opportunity so they can sell it for a higher price later. But that would defeat the entire original purpose of using Bitcoin as actual currency.
At the moment I don't value Bitcoin at all. I actually do like e-currency, but I value other e-currencies like ether more as they're actually more useful and serve a practical purpose. Any investment in Bitcoin I would make would be for speculation purposes only and will trade it for actual currency at the right time. I imagine many, if not most Bitcoin investors would be similar to me -  so the reason why most people invest in bitcoins defeats Bitcoin's original purpose.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:29:41
I'm comparing the stability of something to be used as currency. It doesn't matter if it's inflation (dollars) or hyperdeflation (bitcoins). 
Money needs to have stability. High inflation encourages people to get rid of money asap. High deflation encourages people to hoard currency like gold. Neither is healthy for currency.
The US dollar is far better as actual money because it's been relatively stable over the last 100 years. Bitcoins "may" be a good asset to buy as an investment like stock, but it's terrible as actual currency.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:09:40
How else do you explain the wild fluctuations going from .01 to 1000, down to 100, back to 1000, over 10,000 and down again? That does not happen to stable currencies. That happens to stocks experiencing speculation. 
Look up tech and corporate adoption of etherum in exchange for block chain aided computing. Does bitcoin have that?
You are treating Bitcoin as a lump of gold - not as an actual medium of exchange. You spend the gold when you need it, but hold onto it because it's mostly an appreciating asset. People invest in assets, not in a medium of exchange - as that defeats the purpose of a medium of exchange. You use money to invest in other stuff, not money to invest in money itself. This would be pretty bad for the economy if people were encouraged to invest in the currency itself instead of using currency to invest in other things. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:44:30
OP's comparison is incredibly misleading. According to inflation calculator, $1 in 1913 is equal to $25 today. That's only a 25x increase over ONE HUNDRED (100) years. This means the dollar has under gone relatively low inflation and is pretty stable. Bitcoin was worth less than a penny back in 2008, but let's just use 1 cent ($0.01) for comparison purposes. Now it's worth $10,000. Bitcoin has gone up 1,000,000x in less than TEN (10) YEARS. This means Bitcoins is undergoing something similar to hyperdeflation or as a rapidly appreciating asset. 
Your coin only going up or down 25x or 1/25x in value over 100 years means it's actually pretty stable and you can actually use it as money. Your coins going up 1,000,000x in value in less than 10 years means it's not really stable and you'll be hoarding it and not actually using it as money.
It doesn't matter if it's inflation (dollars) or hyperdeflation (bitcoins). Money needs to have stability. Very high inflation encourages people to get rid of money asap. Very high deflation encourages people to hoard currency like gold. Neither is healthy for currency.