@_author: inuit_wallet
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:22:02
Doh! it was a new domain today (it was eskimo-wallet but it was pointed out that that could be offensive to some).
The site works for me so I think it's DNS propagation is at fault. The site should start to work for you soon. Try clearing your cache and see if that helps (Ctrl+F5). 
The github link will still work :)
   
@_date: 2014-04-08 20:44:53
You could try my new cold-storage address generator. It'll run on a Raspberry Pi or Linux Live USB (anything with Python 2.7). It will generate addresses and private keys for 27 different crypto-currencies with optional BIP38 password protection. It stores everything in an AES encrypted database when you're not using it too.
@_date: 2014-10-09 11:43:57
I've forked the original but I'm not using vanitygen to do any encryption, only the original generation of the address / privatekey.  
I did add some fixes so that it generates compressed keys and addresses as standard as well as a new fix so that it can generate NuBit addresses (I've also just released Nubippy which is tailored specifically for Nubits/NuShares and is available here: [
  
My fork of vanitygen is also on github here [ so can be checked over.
Thanks for the link, I will have a look at those fixes and look at incorporating them too.
@_date: 2014-04-13 19:50:56
My new application, [inuit]( ticks a couple of the boxes. 
It is cold storage in that it has no connection to any blockchain, so can't tell you your balance, but it can store addresses and private keys for 45 different cryptos (and counting). You can even add different currencies to it by allowing it to scan an example private key.
It's written in Python and runs on the command line. It exposes private keys in WIF format so you can import them into the QT wallet of each currency as you need. 
The database inuit stores the addresses and private keys in is AES encrypted when not in use so it's OK for use on a hot machine.
Website is here: [
Github is here: [
@_date: 2014-10-17 14:15:39
There's not been a full audit as no-one has stepped forward to do so. I don't really have the capital to get it done professionally. A bug bounty was suggested too but that, again, requires some capital.  
The code is all on [github]( and Bippy has been in use for a while with no complaints although not through the Windows installer.  
The base of Bippy is [inuit]( my command line, multi-currency cold storage offering. That in turn borrows quite heavily from a script by [deepceleron]( and [pybitcointools]( (For a full list have a look at the 'Thanks' page on the inuit wallet website).  
To bundle it I used PyInstaller so the original python code is viewable in the Bippy directory in Program Files after installation. The installer itself is written in AutoHotkey. If you open the installer.exe file with notepad and scroll to the bottom, you will see the code for it so you can check what it's actually doing on your PC (just copying files to the Program Files directory and setting up a Start Menu folder. It doesn't touch the registry). 
It would be really great if someone would take a look through the code as it is very hard to gain trust in the Bitcoin (and other cryptos) community. I hope that by being open and contactable and providing what I can to the community, I can earn some of that trust.  If you have any suggestions of how I could gain trust or have the code reviewed on a budget, I'd gladly hear them
(edit: formatting)
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:57:15
It could be an option. My intention was to keep it all off-line as then the private keys are more secure.
I will definitely consider it as I have previously coded Python modules to interact with the APIs of Cryptsy, Crypto-Trade, BTC-E, Vircurex and Bter.
I'll have a think on it