@_author: investreet
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:03:49
Trying to purchase a Bitpay visa.  
3RD ATTEMPT.
This is the most recent email with tech support and then working back to yesterday as you go down: 
Any idea as to how to actually get a card.
Is this a scam.  Talking to customer service is like talking to a 3rd grader at a lemonade stand and asking for no ice.  Is there another card available that will allow me to make purchases in USD from Bitcoin?
Did the process and paid with bitcoin.  I did not receive a confirmation email with a reference number.   I used email address - When I spoke with customer service, they said that they did not have an application and could not look for it without a reference confirmation number from the bitcoin payment of $9.95 that would be in the email.  I DID NOT RECEIVE AN EMAIL.
This should be easy copy and paste programming.  Headed over to the message boards to see what the deal is with this company and spread the word to flee
From: Corey from BitPay &lt;corey.glaze
Sent: Thursday, February 16, 2017 9:11 AM
To: investreet@
Subject: Re: Not receiving email after signing up for bit card on your website. I tried my online computer at home and my cell phone at work.
 
In the order process you need to be prepared to pay for the card using bitcoin.
If you abandon the process you will get an email asking you to resume your order.
Currently, this email is taking too long to get sent and we are working on that.
To get you going the fastest, I have deleted your application.
You may order again now.... after filling out the application you will need to select the 
"Pay with Bitcoin" button to pay for the card in $9.95 using any bitcoin wallet.
To learn how to pay using bitcoin... I recommend reading this first:
How to Pay with Bitcoin | BitPay Documentation
How to Pay with Bitcoin. Bitcoin is secure money for the internet. You can pay without handing out sensitive financial information, and you don't need an account.
To get a bitcoin wallet for free:
BitPay – Secure Bitcoin Wallet
Stop storing your bitcoin on a website. Not even BitPay can access your money. Get real security by using a real wallet. Create a normal wallet for immediate payments ...
To order the card (Once you are ready to pay using bitcoin):
BitPay Card – Visa® Prepaid Debit
Load dollars using any bitcoin wallet, spend anywhere. Get your BitPay Visa® card today.
Corey	Corey from BitPay
On Thu, Feb 16, 2017 at 09:44 AM, "Michael Dunn" &lt;investreet-wrote: 
Not receiving email after signing up for bit card on your website. I tried my online computer at home and my cell phone at work. I tried last night and just now.