@_author: invicta-uk
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:26:04
You’ll leverage your crypto assets for a loan through something like SALT if someone hasn’t developed blockchain credit or mortgages by then (I’m sure it’s not far off).
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:26:02
Imagine how easy it is to scam people with a bit of technical jargon.
Imagine how many people fall for it who probably can’t afford to.
It is obviously a scam, you only have to ask some simple questions like how can anyone double your money in 24hrs and if they could why would they share it with a stranger? If they could double their money in 24hrs and if I’ve done the maths right, with just 1 cent, after 364 days they would have more money than exists in the entire world - it’s roughly 1 with 107 zeroes after it dollars. 
But if you are still questioning it then cryptocurrency is not for you - harsh but true. Research is key, and that’s why we can all tell you it’s impossible - absolute best case it’s a Ponzi scheme and you will be aiding and abetting fraud. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 11:40:03
Well without being rude you are an easy target and he’s preyed on your desperation/greed of your situation. Bitcoin isn’t a trivial thing and anyone who promises massive returns in a short timeframe should be setting off alarm bells.
People have told you it’s a scam. If you still want to defend it, by all means try it and see what happens. 
His explanation is pretty rubbish, it has lots of technical jargon and a few choice keywords thrown in but then that’s no different to things like ‘The Bitcoin Code’ where they just bamboozle you with information that you end up asking yourself ‘how can it be a scam, would anyone go to all this trouble?’, just as you have done. Yes they would go to this trouble and $200 is probably a lot to someone in a third-world corrupt nation (presumed); I mean to your scammer, I don’t know your background. This is like a modern 401 scam. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 11:58:37
You need to do your own research. People here have saved you losing money it sounds like you could do without losing.
Ask yourself though, if this guy can double a return in 24hrs, why has he not taken a bank loan, paid it off the next day and reinvested? Answer: he can’t and just needs to persuade people to part with their own money. 
Also, his explanation about master nodes and nodes is total and utter bollocks.
I am sure the scam would be: you get a bitcoin wallet, deposit BTC in it, give him the address (which he won’t ever use), then he will ask you to transfer the BTC to his ‘investment wallet’ and that’s where the scam ends as he will disappear. It is possible you will get some money back if he needs to gain your confidence (the convincer) but probably only if he thinks you have more to invest - eg if he can convince you $200 worked, maybe you’d risk $2000 next time.
By all means play along with and report back here but the second money or bitcoin is transferred to a wallet beyond your control, stop. The other less likely option is that he has a fake exchange to convince you to use.  
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:19:12
Coinfloor didn't.