@_author: ioannsukhariev
@_date: 2013-02-10 20:59:01
i can only think of spanish content at the moment, but [wikipedia]( should have a decent take on it. it might not be up to date and perhaps miss quite a few details, but it's a commendable overview.
@_date: 2013-02-09 18:22:01
you're right, but it does affect the unsuspecting dollar-less people (the vast majority). venezuela's pricing scheme revolves heavily around our dollar exchange rate: we import almost everything nowadays, even gas ([and from the US]( no less). base prices will go up 50% commencing wednesday and considering the government is hurting for dollars, they will most likely deal the same or perhaps less dollars to the private sector in the coming months, which means the black market figures can only go up.
that person with 100 bolivares will still have 100 bolivares, but when he goes to the market and tries to buy meat that was priced at 70 bolivares last week, a price already adjusted to the outlandish black market rate, he will find out that meat is now priced at least over 100 bolivares.
@_date: 2013-02-10 20:22:03
venezuela's price controls are great as a concept, in an utopian scenario they would reduce the price of basic goods and help people with low income to acquire things previously unattainable with their budget, and it probably does happen in the poorest slums which is where you'll find government supermarkets full of subsidized food (and even these suffer shortages of things like sugar, milk and the all-important harina pan).
but its actual effect on venezuela's economy is choking the national production. here's an example: nobody is willing to sell at a loss, but thanks to a number of chavez' policies that threaten their businesses' safety, they're forced to do so, the catch is that they produce far below their potential output because they're just trying to avoid a fight with the government.
due to a lack of national products, regular supermarkets are selling mostly imported goods, and while local meat would not see a change in price from a devaluation, all of these brazilian and uruguayan meats we've been having to buy for the past few years will most definitely raise, and sharply.
a fun fact about the black market rate: it has never decreased, ever. if the official rate goes up, thanks to the brutal speculation culture of venezuelans, the black market rate will follow suit. and about fuel, it could be raised, it has been necessary for a long time, but the last time that happened [it didn't go so well](
@_date: 2013-02-08 23:16:15
no man, they [fiercely deny it]( until the right [friday]( comes around. we don't even get to anticipate it with them bitcoins!