@_author: iohtea3
@_date: 2017-12-24 18:18:35
Re-read it, I said you were acting like a troll. In my opinion, which you made clear isn’t valuable when you initially told me to get out of here. 
Nothing wrong with pizza. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:25:20
Do more research before making these claims. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 07:13:35
We kind of discussed the value of BTC in this iota sub. I am pretty new to the crypto world myself but been following along for a while. Especially iota- definitely recommend looking into it if you haven’t already. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 17:52:00
Dude, you are literally acting like a troll. Aside from the the obvious fact that every one of your comments here is down-voted (on your own post), you continue to answer people with a snide, superior, sense of entitlement. 
I’m sure everyone is on here for different reasons but the number one reason I can tell you I’m not on here, is to continue to explain things to people (like yourself) who seem clueless to the actual situation at hand but yet demanding in answers in the wrong directions like a teenager who wants to know why they can’t have the car this weekend. 
Begging and choosing, never heard of it working out well. And yet I’m the pretentious jerk? Why, because I have taken the adequate time to do research (aka countless hours)? Even if I wanted to share all the resources with you, it would seem unrealistic to catch you up to speed on my own and undesirable based completely on your mentality/“attitude”. 
It’s not my fault that I’m here to engage in actual intellectual conversations with people who have sacrificed their time in order to know the facts. Down-vote me all you want there guy, that is what the button is for. 
Don’t try to think for one second though that a down-voted reddit comment or your misguided words will have any actual impact on my life (as I know, in true troll fashion, you wish it could). 
Sorry buddy but there is no power in a down-vote, clearly that’s what you’re looking for here- find a different source. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 08:25:41
You’re right. I don’t belong here. (That’s why I kept it brief) Unfortunately, there are factors out of my control that have brought me here and kind of forced my hand at a slight interest. (I’m also half awake right now so I do apologize for not jumping into it). 
Iota, if you haven’t looked into, solves many common issues&amp;challenges associated with btc/blockchain. To be honest, I was getting a bit of a headache as I read through all of these posts highlighting hypothetical situations. 
Not an expert here, but I read some analysis on the LN and still believe btc is going to have additional challenges for its overvalued end goal. 
I really thought it would be out of place to voice my opinion here as it is a bitcoin sub and my apparent (late-night) laziness pushed me towards the assumption that if you were looking at different coins you might pull open the site or the iota thread if you haven’t before. I’m not trying to convince anyone of anything, I was just trying to open another door for you to create your own opinion. 
For what it’s worth:
BTC has some advantages right now, all coins are based on its value/trading against it and there is a demand for the mining. The second of those options has some value, but something cannot maintain a higher value simply because other things are based on it. That causes those wild fluctuations, volatility, and artificial value of the actual service being exchanged (output- mining in terms of BTC). 
The sooner cryptos are measured against anything else, the better (for everyone!). 
@_date: 2017-12-24 18:12:02
Nothing is worth ending your life, especially not bitcoin, or ANY comments on reddit (especially my own). I promise. 
Really though, just start reading about iota. It will give you hope for the future. 
Not trying to be a dick, I just don’t want to waste time helping people who aren’t even willing or open to anything remotely new or “difficult” to accept/understand. 
I tried to explain in my previous post that I didn’t think this was the place to go in depth. So, I lapsed in judgement again with my response to this person saying “it’s no good for p2p tx” or whatever. But you came at me for being vague when he provided 0 argument for his statement. I wasn’t trying to question your sincerity in any sense. If anything, I was bringing light to his vagueness/lack of sincerity. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:21:37
Iota is in beta. I understand it is probably too much risk for most at this point. 
However, if you read about the project you will find their initial focus is m2m (machine to machine) transactions of data that is why they have created their data marketplace. 
This technology, as you mentioned, is focused on the Internet of things, but can, and will, support p2p (person to person) transactions. 
If you don’t think exchanging “data tokens” will be valuable, as well as, having a system backed by something with real value, then I’d suggest you read a little further. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 07:39:39
Iota