@_author: iok
@_date: 2018-08-25 01:48:12
These aren't mutually exclusive. The Heritage Foundation's Economic Freedom index does not measure public ownership.
Singapore has a significant portion of the means of production publicly owned. Do you think as a result bitcoin will fail there?
The number one place, Hong Kong, AFAIK also has near all land owned by the PRC leased out long term to private holders.
@_date: 2018-08-26 00:01:05
Why would you willingly pay rent and agree to punishment, unless there was a state/mob violence system whereby landlords can force their grift off the productive working class.
What are the conditions that the working class would voluntarily collectively pay rent to a landlord, would voluntarily agree to punishment and that punishment could only be enforced as agreed not just whenever the more powerful party felt like it?
If you are stuck on the possibility of "voluntary renters", could the state be the voluntary landlord, (or phrased differently could a large enough "voluntary" landlord be effectively a state). This would be Singapore/HK where almost all land is public owned and leased out, except in your case the citizens rather "voluntarily" pay their lease for no apparent reason I could identify.
@_date: 2018-08-25 00:12:33
How do landlords collect rent without forcibly extracting tribute from the productive working class?
@_date: 2018-08-26 21:30:39


But why would I voluntarily choose to owe a landlord. I want a place to live and the only reason I pay rent is because of the threat of violence otherwise. My landlord only has his land due to a chain of violence that took and maintained the land out of the public domain and is thus able to leach off the productive class by way of rent, (and leach off the comunity's value/growth by way of land price increases)


I am already in my city. Why would I voluntarily agree to give up the fruits of my labour, to someone who took and kept the land out of the public domain before I was born, before I had my own chance to lay any claim.
Are we going to be kicked out of the city/society with violence if we don't voluntarily agree to pay the landlord?


From which there are two arguments that might apply:
* Land should be privately owned, as the private owner is best placed in improving and using the land as they are working in their own interest.
* (Improved) Land should belong to whoever we have the best and oldest records for. If land is stolen, but the records are lost, too bad; Everyone has to live with this state of affairs forever.
Neither of which explain why a resident would voluntarily agree to give up their money to a landlord, or give up their residence, without the threat of violence.
Maybe you should read some Adam Smith. He wasn't exactly a big fan of landlords.


@_date: 2018-08-25 00:09:30
Singapore is pretty close to "public ownership over the means of production". Almost all land is publicly owned, and a significant portion of the economy is controlled by publicly owned Temasek Holdings. Do you think bitcoin will fail there?
[Mondragon Corporation]( is worker ownership and control "over the means of production". Do you think bitcoin will fail there?
@_date: 2018-08-26 22:44:04


Maybe I do feel like improving the land, if only the landlords didn't take and defend the land by violence.
Implicit here is the belief that the landlord owns the land because they improved it. The landlord might not have improved it themselves yet still claim to it, the land may have been stolen from the original caretaker/improver, [the renter did not have a chance to make an equitable claim]( and the renter themselves, and the community, may have improved the property without gaining a stake
There are two arguments here that we are mushing together, which should be seperate.
* Is the landlord ethically justified in owning and collecting rent on land.
* Would someone voluntarily enter a paying/punishment contract without the threat of violence. This is my original point which hasn't been answered yet. A moral justification of landlord may not be compelling enough for the productive class to give up 30-60% of their income voluntarily without the threat of violence; But that is all you have tried to give. Why would I agree to pay this guy, when I can just squat there, without his consent, without paying this guy.\*
\*To pre-empt a point you might make. You might follow your community's  private property norms, because you and society collectively benefit from everyone doing so. For example, I respect my neighbours yard in part because in return I may get that same respect from her. We both benefit. However when there is great disparity in wealth, such respect may no longer be rational. If I have no land, and there is no violence compelling me, why respect my landlords claim to land when I won't get such respect in return.
@_date: 2018-08-25 06:14:44
Public ownership is still public ownership, even if it behave similar to private ownership.
The Singaporean Land Authority maintain control and get paid when the lease is up for renewal; Or they might just keep the land without placing it back out available for lease, or by reallocating it.​ This isn't that different than a private owner leasing out long term, other than the owner/beneficiary being the Singapore Land Authority.
Temasek Holdings (and GIC) also acts like an extremely large private-owned holding company. The main difference being the that the owner, and beneficiary, is the Singapore government, thus representing a significant "public ownership over the means of production" in Singapore.
I'll pre-empt the next land lease question: "How is this different than land tax or council rates when the land is privately owned?". Leasing land for 10/50/99 years justifiably can be a lot more expensive as you are paying for exclusive use of the land, not just for the garbage man to visit your street or to keep the street lights on. This is akin to having the government as an hands-off landlord. At the end of the lease your land may be reallocated without the same level of justification as would be required to take the land by the equivalent of "eminent domain".
​Going back to the original question, IMHO I don't see an issue with public ownership of the means of production that would restrict the use of bitcoin.