@_author: iomonad2
@_date: 2011-05-18 19:54:55
In the following analysis I'm assuming that Bitcoin isn't outlawed or hacked, and that the internet continues to exist in some form indefinitely.
Bitcoins are a deflationary currency. That means that people will avoid spending the bitcoins they have unless they really have to, because they will be worth more tomorrow. If bitcoins were the only currency, people would use them to buy things they really need but wouldn't necessarily invest what is left in productive but risky ventures as those who have savings in inflationary currencies tend to do.
However, bitcoins aren't the only currency so people will spend any money they have that is in the form of inflationary (or less deflationary) currencies first. That means that even though the value of bitcoins will be maintained or increase, they won't ever be traded very much.
Eventually, all bitcoins will end up in the hands of those rich enough to be able to keep them indefinitely, at which point they won't ever be used for anything and the currency will simply grind to a halt - it'll be as much of a currency as Van Gogh paintings are (and less beautiful). So all the energy that is expended mining bitcoins is ultimately wasted - creating something that is both valuable and useless as anything except a store of value.
That's not to say that mining or buying bitcoins is an irrational thing to do from a self-interest perspective - they may very well be a good investment from the perspective of expected returns. But I personally would prefer it if people expended their effort and energy on creating value by improving quality of life - creating things that are actually useful or beautiful rather than just valuable, and ultimately enriching society as a whole.
@_date: 2011-05-19 06:49:16
Too valuable to spend does not imply not worth anything - that would be a paradox. I expect there will continue to be a small amount of trade in bitcoins as people who hold them lose their other assets and need to spend them to make ends meet.
@_date: 2011-05-19 15:55:36




Well, there are two different sorts of "value" that you're talking about here. Value as in "can I sell it tomorrow for at least as much as I paid for it today" and value as in "useful as a currency". I'm saying it will retain the former and not the latter.
@_date: 2011-05-19 15:40:54
Yeah, I've been wondering how it could be made to inflate with the size of the economy so that prices remain stable but avoid the possibility of hyperinflation. It's a tricky problem. Undoubtedly bitcoin will be forked at some point.
@_date: 2011-05-19 17:21:51
Mostly, I think, the same thing that keeps other currencies from hyperinflating - the fact that a critical mass of people believe it will keep its value. It's a very weird and counter-intuitive thing in economics, that money only has value because of the belief in that value.
Also, ultimately it would be worth something to somebody in the end to be able to say "I have the world's largest known collection of the first ever decentralized cryptocurrency", so there is a very small amount of intrinsic value there. And (after the last bitcoin is mined) the number of bitcoins can only decrease so the intrinsic value of each bitcoin can only increase.
If, in the long term, that's the only value that remains, bitcoins are probably way overvalued already so will inflate in the short to medium term, but will still deflate in the very long term.