@_author: iot53
@_date: 2017-12-27 23:23:07
Nice, tight, concise and total central bank propaganda.   
Deflationary currencies work fine as you earn and work for your "loans".  In a few months, the value of your money increases and THAT is your loan. To add to that, the price of goods and services go down in that period so you can afford more.  You can decide to spend it on your business or save depending on where you think you'll get the greater return.  
Also, people do spend in deflationary currencies as has been proven with bitcoin itself.  Another often missed aspect of deflationary currencies is that you can actually loan goods and services for a stream of deflationary currency rather than a bank having to make loans.  If you're an auto parts store, your supplier will loan you actual parts instead of the bank having to make loans, as an example.  Everyone essentially becomes a bank.
Also, those "audits" you're talking about aren't meaningful in any way.  Go look at them.  I have.  You'll find no real detail.  X amount given to x bank, etc.  You'll only find generalities.  Furthermore, they could leave out any detail they like.  They could be giving billions (and they are) to their friends and family.
By the way, cryptocurrencies WILL replace this bs in time whether it's bitcoin or not.  Personally, I'm so sick of this inflationary money argument that I've devised a way to create a fair inflationary currency or an add-on to existing cryptos that will accomplish the same thing.  We will end the power of the central banks.
@_date: 2018-02-17 16:26:25
Your theory isn't correct.  Aggregate demand doesn't decline as people are actually richer and spend more of their money as has been proven already with bitcoin.  
People HODL because they can't really spend bitcoin AND in truth, recently the transaction fees were too great to spend and replace.  
The Fed is NOT audited in any meaningful way.  Period.  


This is entirely bogus.  They absolutely could and will do that.  Billions of dollars would change nothing.  There's nothing magical about it.  It's what they do.  
Also, your propaganda on the Great Depression is untrue.  We've had deflationary currencies since the dawn of mankind as well. They do work.  All I can tell you is hold onto your hat because things are going to seriously shift in the next 10 years.  