@_author: ipeeinappropriately
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:47:33


People's SUV tires do not fall off more often than they stay on. BOA has intentionally lost far less than 1% of its loans' documentation, which while unacceptable is still a pretty high success rate. As a lawyer, I agree with you that there's a lot of incompetence out there to study and that it is far more pervasive than we often expect. But it's not average and it's not the majority. Most companies and people are basically competent most of the time.
However, that competence is often inversely proportional to the novelty of the activity in question. Especially with something like BTC. Many of the people who have the appropriate information security and financial institution backgrounds to manage an enterprise like Mt. Gox already hold well-compensated positions at established firms. They have no reason to pursue a marginal, risky proposition like a career at a BTC exchange. 
That will improve with time if BTC continues to prove workable. Institutional competence will improve as exchanges learn from past mistakes. In the near term, the goal for BTC users should be to identify exchanges that signal institutional competence and reliability. Those with leadership and staff that are sufficiently qualified and responsive to the community's needs. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:18:06
I agree with what you're saying, my only difference (perhaps) may be that I think that BTC hasn't yet attracted the critical mass of competent people necessary to create enough strong institutions or strong enough institutions to meet demand. I do agree that it will get there, and that the 5% of CEOs that are crazy and the many talented risk-seekers in the industry will eventually fill that demand. So I think it's a temporary phase, but definitely one that is being felt in the midst of the Mt. Gox controversy. 
As for the rest of your post, it seems to me that you are identifying the Peter Principle writ large (people are promoted to the point where they can no longer do their job well and then get stuck there). The world is full of people who are just barely qualified to do their current job. Historically, most of the time that's not been a problem, because mere competence has been sufficient for the vast majority of human activities. But I think that's changing.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but judging from your comments above, you are a programmer, right? Or at least an engineer with knowledge of programming? Because the examples you list and the problems you see seem to be a set of issues that are emerging from that field especially, but also in other areas like medicine, bioengineering, environmental engineering, etc. Programming and automation in particular are creating more artificial complex systems that are fundamentally fragile and sensitive to cascading failures triggered by minor errors. Most of the examples you listed fall into that category. They are artificial constructs whose complexity is growing beyond the abilities of ordinary humans to manage, even in large coordinated groups. 
 
In most old world systems, minor errors were punished by minor failures. The punishment for failure generally was on the same magnitude as the error. A farmer that forgot to weed one row of his field lost only the one row. About the worst thing he could do would be to ruin his own livelihood. So farmers who got things right 90% of the time were sufficiently competent to maintain a stable food supply. With modern complex devices and systems, minor errors can compound and snowball on a global level. The magnitude of the failure far exceeds the magnitude of the triggering error. That means when you have a marginally competent person operating a system, even if they err only 1% of the time, that 1% can have catastrophic effects. So the cost of incompetence is higher and more people are in positions with high failure costs. Making the Peter Principle even scarier. 
Mt. Gox is a great example of this. One guy, who's perfectly capable of doing some pretty advanced infosec work, fucked up on what should have been a minor detail. But no bug is minor when you're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars on the line, which is why you need an infosec guy who isn't just pretty advanced but is an absolute expert. Instead, a minor competence deficit translated into a minor error which in turn snowballed into a $375m direct failure and incalculable knock on costs incurred because of a market crash and loss of faith in BTC and BTC institutions.
None of this is strictly new. The assassination of Franz Ferdinand leading to World War I is one example of a cascading failure that predates computers, and there are millions of other examples. But I do think it's becoming more common. More people are in a position to trigger a global cascading failure, so the odds that any such failure will occur and affect you or me are growing. 