@_author: ipostpoo
@_date: 2018-10-27 23:24:07
Could you explain more how batching would work ?
@_date: 2018-10-30 08:09:14
They are going to mine bitcoin 2 or 3 or bitcoin abcxyz ?? I don't get the point of your comment ??
@_date: 2018-10-30 08:34:31
Who said it's going to fail ?
Using your bitcoin 2 or 3 or zyx , 
When all bitcoin have been found and actually well before then if the reward going to go down to fraction of bitcoin per halfing, the transaction fees are going to have to be extreme to make up for the lack of newly created bitcoin given as a reward. Who is going to pay these extreme fees ? I'm assuming no-one and if that's the case , surely the miners will leave and go to a newer coin , bitcoin 2 or 3 or zyx that has a better reward.
@_date: 2018-10-30 10:27:16
Well yes, if the miners leave ultimately it will fail, that's what I'm trying to figure out.
I understand it descreases by half each time, the clues in the name and it won't be a sudden thing but even a half of the reward of new bitcoin each time means to keep the same level of total reward the transaction fees will have to double ?
The batching solution was mentioned by someone else and at first I thought that sounded like the ideal solution but like all things bitcoin once I started thinking about it more it through up more problems. Isn't the actual limit not the number of transactions but the amount of data ? A normal onchain transaction today between X and Y is quite simple and contains a relatively small amount of data. Batching them together may save a small amount of data but if you want them all going to separate addresses isn't that one batched transaction going to contain a huge amount of data requiring a much higher fee as fees are paid on the amount of data in the transaction ? Also taking up more of the available blockspace ?
Using LN as the main channel is logically the only way I can see it working after the next few halfings. Everyone will have to get all their bitcoin on it limiting the amount of available bitcoin in use. The miners will sacrifice the fee income for a new income of selling the bitcoin they have traditionally mined at a premium to LN exchanges (via a traditional onchain transaction) so the exchanges can then sell them to bittcoiners all on the LN network. I'm not sure how new channels will be created though ? I think possibly the need for a onchain transaction will be somehow removed ? I dont know, I cant figure that out.. 
A 120 years may seem a long way off but I keep seeing people say bitcoin still in its infancy but it's been around for 10 years, that near 10% of the way to what we talking about and not having a solid plan of what's going to happen is kinda putting me off putting any money into it.
@_date: 2018-10-27 20:11:22
How will the transaction fees be enough ? Say in 2139 1 bitcoin is worth 1million and they mine the very last one, every miner after is going to be 1 mil short on each block they write the transactions too? Unless the fees suddenly shhot up to make up the lost million won't they just go to litecoin or another coin?
It's quite hard to explain but where I'm getting stuck is how does the lightning network sync with the Blockchain record when I have sent coin to someone else for example
My wallet address is xxxpoo and has 10 BTC 
I send the 10 BTC to my new lightning wallet with address lightningpoo
I then send 5 BTC to lightningjim
Then lightningjane sends me 10 BTC
I should now have a balance of 15 BTC in lightningpoo
How does the lightning network sync that to the Blockchain when i then send the 15 BTC back to xxxpoo ? If it is the same bitcoin we all deposited in our lightning wallets how does the Blockchain handle me having more in my address and lightning Jane less in hers ? Does that make sense? If it the same bitcoin and it's moving around the lightning network the ledger going to be different isn't it ? 
Extra edited in to try and make more sense. My thought was how it worked was the bitcoin I sent to my lightning wallet was somehow stored and replaced with vertual lightningbitcoin , this virtual bitcoin was moved around via lightening network then when you transferred back your balance somehow your lightening wallet connected to the lightening network "stored onchain bitcoin addresses" and found you the correct amount of bitcoin from this database and sent from those addresses to your original Blockchain wallet. 
@_date: 2018-10-27 22:08:59
We won't pay the huge fees for the first layer 
That makes no sense at all, you have to make a first layer transaction to open and close a channel or top one up don't you ? And surly someone going to have to pay the extremely high fees or the miners are going to get nothing and they definitely going to leave and mine somthing else. 
To open a channel on lightning network to need to make a onchain transaction and to close it too ? 
@_date: 2018-10-27 22:45:21
That makes sense, I read about halfing but assumed it stayed at whole coins.
