@_author: irda_ranger
@_date: 2015-06-14 19:45:00
Both sides are correct. Obviously 21M Bitcoins is probably all there will ever be. BUT! But, in the future I believe that the predominant demand for bitcoins will come from colored coins and people who want to use the blockchain to notarize things on an unfalsifiable record. Those people only need 1 Satoshi. You can color 1 Satoshi to equal any amount of nominal value. $1 Trillion in US treasuries, even. Although likely the largest denominations we will ever see are in the millions, for purposes of daily settlement between major banks. 
But anyway, if most of the demand is for Satoshis, and if price is a simple supply/demand issue, if you increase number of Satoshis by a decimal point or two, the price will come down orders of magnitude fairly quickly. 
Just something to keep in mind.
@_date: 2015-12-28 15:14:24
Other coins could arise that replace Bitcoin slowly. It doesn't have to be a catastrophic one-time failure.
For instance, if Ethereum proves that Proof-of-Stake works, and Monero continues to have better fungibility (or Bitcoin continues to "lose" coins to tainting from money laundering and crime), one of those coins or a new coin incorporating those improvements could slowly rise to take over.
In theory of course Bitcoin could adopt these improvements too, but look how hard it is to get a scalability improvement implemented. Moving away from Proof of Work would drive people literally insane.
@_date: 2014-07-18 04:24:33
To a degree, but you're also fooling yourself. Even if the money is beyond reach, the merchants aren't. Amazon has warehouses and Walmart had stores. Those can be regulated. They can be forced to use transparent or centralized services, and to report transactions to taxing authorities. Those tax authorities can then ask you where you got your income from that you spent on X, Y or Z. 
If the government wants to make BitCoin a fringe system, it wil succeed. All it has to do is require your rent, car payments, local retail, taxes, etc. be paid in a system they have access to. 
@_date: 2014-11-06 17:31:05
"The FBI alleges in its complaint that Benthall's unencrypted computer contained "address lists for customers all over the world that will be of significant interest to many global law enforcement agencies.""
unencrypted ... address lists for customers
Well huh. 
@_date: 2014-09-24 01:19:38
There is absolutely no need to provide "proof of bandwidth". Each node just needs to track the bandwidth used by each counterparty and bill them for bandwidth used. The blockchain updates every 10 minutes (or faster, if you're using something other than Bitcoin, or almost instantly if you're using Open Transactions).
Or if you don't like credit, you could set it up as Pre-Pay Calling Card. The end-user pre-pays for bandwidth and places small chunks of money into an M on N account that the upstream node can debit.
Either way this works because bad actors are discovered quickly and cut off from the network. If a node takes money without providing bandwidth (or takes bandwidth without paying for it) they should be cut off and their MAC address uploaded to a Namecoin-like reputation system as a bad actor. They're then frozen out of the meshnet for a time.
Personally I also think that the payments should be dynamic auctions, not static payments. If you think about it, the meshnet needs market signals to inform people where to invest additional infrastructure. If network traffic is going through a chokepoint (maybe he's the only node halfway between two large cities) but there's no market signal to him to invest in further radios or switches, then he won't do it and traffic between points A and B will always be stifled.
Compare the above situation to where Billy Bob in Rural Town USA is the only mesh node connecting two large urban nets, and so the bandwidth cost gets bid up higher and higher to prioritize traffic between those cities. Now Billy Bob is making 2,000% more per MB than urban nodes - and that fact is published to the Blockchain! Now everyone who does network analysis knows where the chokepoint is, and capital will be quickly put into the right geographic spots to take some of that traffic off Billy Bob's hands.
Alternatively, Billy Bob might decide to invest in some high-gain directional antennas and set up a P2P wireless network with far better throughput than even one of those high-end ASUS routers puts through. The mesh algorithms would dynamically move traffic to fill those channels, repaying his investment in high grade equipment. If the local ISP ever wanted that traffic back they'd have to start routing it over their fiber at meshnet prices.
And wouldn't that be a shame for end users. :)
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:47:07
That's great, but the other "right thing" would be announcing sane development and test procedures.
@_date: 2014-10-17 14:09:55
There's a Blockchain solution for this - identity and reputation. Allow downvotes to permanently (or at least, semi-permanently with the possibility of rehabilitation) reduce someone's digital reputation. People who are helpful and welcoming will collect "Thanks", and their contributions should be favored over the others.
@_date: 2014-07-21 23:26:28
They don't understand colored coins.
If banks can issue dollar-denominated (or Euro, Pound, Yen, Yuan, etc.) money market shares over bitcoin, that's as good as cash for most people (assuming they're sufficiently backed by Federal Treasuries, German Bunds, etc.). 
And companies can issue their shares or bonds over Bitcoin too.
You then don't need your Gateways and conversion in and out of legacy financial networks or bourses. Everything finance is on the bitcoin network, just like all websites are on HTTP today and not on Prodigy or AOL.
@_date: 2014-09-25 14:08:28
If we really wanted to help TOR, we would built anonymous cryptopayments into the Tor software. Currently TOR development and the TOR nodes are all volunteer, which is great, but it limits the availability. Typical tragedy of the commons stuff.
TOR node software should be modified to prioritize paid traffic (paid in cryptocurrency) and then pass through all other traffic on a best efforts basis. The revenue should be split too - 90% to the Node and 10% to an account controlled by the EFF. The EFF could then use the money to fund further software development, putting out bounties and such.
People benefit from using TOR, and people benefit when other people use TOR (security through obscurity). The NSA can't target everyone. We should pay people to provide this service.
@_date: 2014-11-20 04:02:20
1/ What happens if one side gets hit by a bus? Is there a time-out feature? It would be terrible (as buyer or seller) to have money locked up and never get it returned or get the product over an unavoidable accident like that when a technical solution could be available. 
2/ What sort of privacy features are supported for the Bitcoin transactions? It's over Tor, but what about CoinJoin or similar? Any other Darkwallet features?
3/ I suspect people will end up hacking in reputation systems even where you don't support that. Perhaps by signing posts with a key associated with a OneName.io pseudonym. I don't mind that it's not baked in. UNIX philosophy of small pieces, loosely joined, and all that. But don't fight it when it happens.
4.a/ Your hidden trust network sounds cool though.
5/ Any possibility of supporting third-party dispute resolution later, or at least giving people the choice? Speaking for myself, I'd rather take a chance with an arbitrator (especially one with a good reputation, see  than have 100% certainty of never getting my money back. For local, legal markets people could even use real lawyers! ;)
5.a/ Regarding all of your objections to third-party dispute resolution, these are all things that Common Law judges have dealt with for centuries in England and other Commonwealth jurisdictions. They're hardly new problems, and there's centuries of case law.
@_date: 2015-05-15 13:16:24
I wonder if "Ian John Lee" knows that "Ian" is the Gaelic spelling of John.
@_date: 2015-01-23 15:41:06
If you want to save money, buy stocks, bonds, or real estate. It's really that easy. Keeping significant savings in cash is stupid.
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:56:52
Please. Investing in real assets has been a winning formula for a few millennia now. Current market conditions are blips in the noise of history.
@_date: 2015-01-23 04:02:13
If deflationary currencies were actually better, some central bank somewhere would use them. The closest we have is the ECB and BOJ with 0% inflation, and look what that's accomplished. 
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:43:31
Yes, absolutely. 99% of regular users prefer earning interest on their savings rather than paying fees, even if that means fractional reserve banking. I could open up a custody bank tomorrow that only held money at 100% reserve, and no one would use it.
Reserve banking doesn't have to be a bad thing. Today's banks in today's regulatory environment are addicted to FDIC insurance and bailouts, which makes them take on too much risk. The tax system today makes them take raise capital primarily in debt markets, rather than equity markets, which makes them more fragile and prone to failure. But it doesn't have to be that way. When free banking has been tried historically (and it has, most notably in Scotland), fractional reserve banking works just fine.
@_date: 2015-01-22 03:07:18
Call me crazy, but I bet if the DNS system was publicly traded, its market cap would be less than the market caps of Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc.
I think of Bitcoin as the M1 money of the Internet. As anyone who studies money knows, the M1 money supply is much, much smaller than the total money supply (including credit), and that in turn is much smaller than the capital markets. The ecosystem that builds up around Bitcoin SHOULD BE much, much larger than the market cap of Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2015-04-27 00:37:55
GoFundMe can't shut down a personal Bitcoin wallet. All they'd need to do is advertise an address. 
@_date: 2015-04-26 05:04:44
What's your priority, Bitcoin or culture war?
@_date: 2015-04-30 18:26:55
There are such things as "optimal currency areas". The USD, RMB, and EUR are already too big. INR (the Indian Rupee) probably is too. 
What's more likely is that currencies will become fluid and local digital currencies (like a New York Dollar, but possibly on a shared ledger like Bitcoin, Open Transactions, or Hyperledger) will expand out to the optimal currency zone area. 
Global currencies like Bitcoin will probably be used for global settlement, but not necessarily for local prices.
@_date: 2015-09-13 17:07:15
This is a stupid and dangerous form of argument. If a government decided to destroy Bitcoin, it could. A 51% attack would be cheap compared to how much money national governments spend on stuff. China or Russia could build their own ASICs and destroy the value of the Blockchain if they committed the resources to it. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 14:34:30
Yes, the governments that continue to exist will become more transparent in that sense.
@_date: 2015-02-17 14:34:29
Yes, the governments that continue to exist will become more transparent in that sense.
@_date: 2013-08-27 20:05:15
Yep, that's the idea. I assume people have had the idea before, but I didn't see any examples of it applied in practice. I wanted to start a discussion on what hurdles there were to putting this in place (one of which may be developer interest ...)