@_author: ironik86
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:54:22
Amazon and email are way more accessible to the masses than bitcoin is and has been without some sort of insight or know how. The title of this post is completely sensationalized. Maybe in a decade or so Bitcoin may have some affect, right now...none at all unless you actually know about it and its advantages over traditional methods.
@_date: 2017-10-27 07:17:17
I completely understand has definitely improved. I think part of the problem lies in the fact that for it being easily accessible. Such as, bank debit card for instance, for retailers to accept this "new" 3rd party anonymous currency that fluctuates almost like a stock market. Which some, but a few, have accepted as a form of payment, obviously the early birds were smart if they hung on to them. 
All I'm saying is I think its much more complicated than an Amazon, Netflix or Email for anyone to say its going to put banks out of business. That's like saying telephones killed the post office, which It likely hurt them a bit. However, I believe there's a place for everything and one day bitcoin will find its place and everything will balance accordingly around that over the span of time. Video after all didn't kill the radio star, I can't remember the last time I watched a music video unless I was intentionally looking for it. People want the music, not the flair (Spotify, Pandora, XMRadio, Youtube playlists, SoundCloud, etc). Those that want that experience, it still has its niche and it's still around and has success (not sure if its a fitting analogy, but whatever 2AM).
Will bitcoin one day perhaps be the global currency? Who knows, time will tell! It's definitely an interesting talking point either way. Just imagine your employer paying you in bitcoin, its anonymous, how will taxes work? The government would have to some how be involved, therefore, linking your identity to how many bits you've earned...to say they'd simply "trust you" to pay what you owe is a stretch. Then it just becomes just another typical currency, negating the whole point of the entire structure of why it was brought about. Another thought, if the market is good in the beginning of the year...then late year, the market tanks...does the government owe you what the bits were worth before they tanked (screwing them) or after (screwing you). Will they calculate the fluctuation over the course of time for 300+ million people in the US currently? Definitely gets in some shady areas that will cost the government more "bits" to deal with. At this point I believe I'm thinking about it too much lol.
Honestly, I don't know much about the entirety of something as complicated as this. That said, there's definitely tons of things to consider about cryptocurrency. As for now, it has its niche in the world and we'll see how it develops.