@_author: ironguitar37
@_date: 2018-03-12 04:16:12
This doesn't have anything to do with Tether (a separate matter altogether). If you read the original article, he even mentions that Bitfinex has more 'real' volume than a number of the other exchanges he looked at.
I've seen this first hand as there are clearly two types of volume bots on most exchanges. One is likely driven internally by the exchange, engaging in wash trading to pump volume. The other kind is likely 3rd party developers that try to take advantage of spreads.
While it does create a false picture for overall liquidity on an exchange-by-exchange basis, it is also exploitable both by automated traders/bot developers and experienced manual traders. So if exchanges want to boost volume as a marketing ploy, as long as users are aware, I'm not sure what the harm is. I support articles like this to help educate newer traders, but to be fair I don't think most new traders should be trading alt coins on obscure exchanges in large volumes anyway. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:33:36
My view is that Bitcoin has opened up the real possibility of grass-roots globalization instead of neoliberal top-down globalization.
That might be its most important lasting quality.
@_date: 2018-07-13 02:31:41
Yes, in short.
Like you mention, the same problem applies to buying crypto-assets as foreign currencies during a debt/inflation crisis. So what could happen during the onset, and particularly in the aftermath of the next recession is that central banks start to take crypto-assets as a portion of their balance sheets. 
Right now the counter to this phenomena is holding USD and a smaller segment of metals (gold mainly). The USD might not be able to hold that position as securely in the next recession because of the exhaustion of policy options due to over-extension from quantitative easing and already high debt levels. 
I'm just speculating, but I suppose a lot of us here are!
@_date: 2018-07-12 18:31:23
You make the right underlying point that quality of debt is a more important metric than quantity. An example being Japan who has a considerably higher debt:GDP ratio than several similarly developed nations but it only has a minor impact on their currency and balance of payments since most of the national debt is owed intra-national and denominated in Yen. Most mainstream articles simply look at the ratio and make claims which makes for poor analysis. 
However, one of the key factors in qualifying the risk associated with the debt is how much is intra-national and how much is international (if the latter, how is it denominated)? The reason this matters - and relates to cryptocurrencies - is because when large quantities of debt are owed in foreign currencies, those currencies are required for repayment. If they are public debts, that means central banks need adequate foreign reserves and if they are private debts it means the private entities need to be earning sufficient foreign currency. 
One of the US' biggest strengths post 1970s and Nixon fully floating the US Dollar is that most of the US' foreign debt is still denominated in dollars. Many other countries don't have the same luxury. Uncontrolled inflation is almost always tied to this problem. If a country's foreign reserves begin to deplete but debt payments are due, the go to mechanism is 'printing money' which adds to supply and decreases the exchange rate. This creates a vicious cycle that in the worst cases lead to hyper-inflation like we see in Venezuela.
One of the reasons I'm strongly of the belief that Bitcoin (and cryptocurrency in general) will prove to be a strong counter-cyclical asset is tied to the above. During recessionary periods, countries primary policy levers are monetary easing (increasing the money supply and thereby decreasing the value of their currency relative to others) and fiscal expansion (spending to increase aggregate economic output). The latter requires expanding debt requirements, but due to currency devaluation these become more and more expensive, particularly if they are foreign denominated. Since our starting point is worse due to 2008 (i.e. debts are higher than before including those denominated in foreign currencies), these conventional policy approaches will be less effective or depending on the political climate, pushed into overdrive.
Since Bitcoin has a static and transparent monetary policy and no fiscal component, it could very well act as a stable (relative term here) alternative to a lot of other assets (bonds, equities etc...) which are denominated in one currency or another tied to government policies that are racing to the bottom re: monetary expansion and fiscal stimulus. 
We have no real data on Bitcoin's relationship to the broader macro-economy during a recession let alone over several business cycles. Given the length of the current growth cycle, I think a lot of people (myself included) are of the belief that we are at an end of cycle. That period could still be awhile (up to 24 months) but ramping up trade war rhetoric and actions could also make the growth-&gt;recession transition less smooth. Either way, it's likely that at the macro level the next few years will be very interesting for cryptocurrencies, national currencies, debt and trade.
@_date: 2018-04-09 20:49:16
Someone who is trying to suppress the price so they can accumulate more seems likely.
It doesn't seem like the behavior of someone trying to cash out as they'd be shooting themselves in the foot.