@_author: ironman84investor
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:33:15
and if you zoom in really close (say, the 1 year) you can see that for the first time in a long time, Velocity has made a slight uptick.
Imagine what might happen to inflation if you combine the increased supply with a more normal velocity of say, 1.7.
@_date: 2016-11-25 19:58:23
I like his response, would add the history of how Nixon took us off the gold standard is one of the first main reasons we've wound up where we are:  
to me, the issue in europe is more with the inability of politicians of each state to hand over authority to the central power.  one example of a way europe could fix it's issue between Germany and Greece would be to set up a form of fiscal transfers, or a "bare minimum" of wealth, like a basic income.  It could be small, say $100/month per person for every citizen of europe, but to me that would be much preferred to the current situation:  the european central bank chooses, with secrecy, which companies and/or countries bonds to purchase via Quantitative Easing.  here's another link, i think the first part (before the introduction) is all that's needed to have a general understanding of the situation:  
Municipal and state bankruptcy are a thing... but it will be interesting to see how those debt restructurings are paid for.  Living in Illinois, i'm especially curious / anxious to see what happens, both here and in Puerto Rico.  state bankruptcy may be a thing but it hasn't happened since (shit.... state bankruptcy isn't a thing, only cities, municipalities, school districts can declare bankruptcy.  guess we'll find out what happens!)
I think that yes, some sort of exchange rate system is best.  i like the idea of multiple systems, Let people choose if they want USD or Euros or bitcoins or Rupees -- i personally would keep a portion of my savings in US Denominated assets (real estate, stocks), a portion in bitcoin, and a small portion in fiat currencies to pay the tax man.  
RE that last point... it's very hard to address!! I think we sort of tried for that with gold in the bretton-woods agreement... which eventually broke up because once a rule is hard-coded, there will be opportunist of arbitrage who test the rules as best as they can.  in my first class on economics, the professor said "economics is the study of choices" -- we could choose to use cattle, gold, dollars, bitcoin, land, lumber, heck, anything trad-able is currency.  through that lens i don't think we'll ever get to a "single world currency"; although i do believe bitcoin is a great addition to offset the dominant elite's manipulation of fiat. 
@_date: 2016-11-25 15:29:02
what a great question!  hope i can help, i like to study central banks and currencies in my free time (i'm a blast at parties, lol)
The issue of the eurozone isn't the centralized currency; as the US has it's own centralized currency between the states but not the same problems Europe does --- The issue is there's a centralized currency WITHOUT a system of Fiscal Transfers.  One without the other is madness, and why many have distrusted the Euro experiment.
the "gain" from having multiple currencies is that you can always depreciate your currency if you're poor. depreciating your currency dosen't help savers, but it does make those pesky "minimum wages" and entitlements less valueable, as they tend to be "sticky".  doing so will increase the competitiveness of the goods you produce, and is a fair-ish enough way to maintain stability between countries.
In the US, we've been successful with a single currency because we have fiscal transfers, otherwise, eventually, Mississippi would be a slave state to economic powerhouses like New York or California (which is currently what seems to be happening to Greece -&gt; Germany).  those fiscal transfers are often just a security net -- i.e., a californian pays Social Security taxes, unemployment insurance, income taxes, etc, those monies do in part go to states like Mississippi.  Therefore, Mississippi is the recipient of fiscal transfers from California.
In the future, i see bitcoin as a complimentary currency, or a check on Fiat's.  I assume some may have a peg, but it will *certainly* be adjustable.  That would fix the "one currency" issue.  if people revolt and demand Bitcoins for a currency, instead of the nations peg... i would expect to see some sort of sales tax / transfer tax, and use those for "fiscal transfer" activities.
@_date: 2017-04-28 19:05:00
$13 back in Jan 2013; tripled my money, then freaked out as it rose to ~250 by april.  
bought significant amount when it came back down to $75... been enjoying the roller coaster ever since
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:08:05
no problem -- to answer your question, Yes - you can buy now and you will own coins that can be spent on either of the prongs post-fork; and you can make that decision at *anytime* after august 1, be it a month or a year or 2 years (unless one side decides to abandon their fork; in which case do not put your money on that prong)
IMO; the market is fairly quick to determine the likelyhood of a fork, and should price BTC accordingly.  i've been watching since 2013, and what i've seen in 2014-2017 tells me the market is getting smarter.  while you may be right, guessing the future is darn tough, and a bird in the hand is worth 2 in the bush.  you might get in at a better price if there is a fork, but if the *vast* majority of consumers demand Segwit / BIP148 (which i believe will happen) then the price of bitcoin and that prong would be fairly stable; while the BU / Bitmain prong would quickly plummet.  
while this is my advice and how i am positioned in the market, it should be noted i'm extremely risk-tolerant.  at all points i'm only invested with what i'm comfortable losing... and i do have some side money i'm willing to invest if the price does plummet.  You want to have a strategy you are comfortable with -- i think prices could go as low as 1,000 (which i give a 10% probability) - at which point i'd invest more than i currently have.  i'd only give it a 50% chance of going down to 1,900.  and if everything goes well and we transition to segwit, i don't see any reason why BTC can't hit 5K in a year or 2.  
best advice (IMO) - if you want to buy $X worth of bitcoin, set up a plan and stick to it; parse your investments over time, either you can schedule to buy Y at a certain price or date or event.  but once you own *do not sell* for as long as you can.  the short term gyrations due to future events are less predictable than the long term value, which for "blockchain assets" i believe is somewhere in the low trillions.  
@_date: 2017-06-16 19:01:03
do *not* buy between august 1 and sometime around august 15th.  
Every person is different.  if i were you and wanted, as an example, $1000 worth of bitcoin, i would buy $500 now, and then later, around august 15th (or whenever this all blows over) buy another $500.  
if you try to buy on august 2nd, you may end up losing all your coins because there may or may not be a hard split, and you might be buying the wrong chain; this WILL NOT impact any coins from earlier in the chain -- only new coins.  
there's a possibility that after august there will be 2 bitcoins -- "bitcoin classic" and "bitcoin new".  All coins owned earlier are able to be spent on either classic or new; but only one -- they will not be able to go back once they choose.  so it is best to have some on old bitcoin that can be moved but not to move them until you are certain you are going with the right coin.
(this should be solved after about 2 weeks; i'm not worried about this at all but there are valid reasons to have concerns in the short term.  long term this will work itself out and the "loser" coin will give up)
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:48:48
potential implications -- there will be volitility, likely both up and down, between now and the end of august.  that's the best ELI5 i think is possible, the rest is much more technical and tricky.
i personally want UASF to succeed and reduce costs and delays for bitcoin transactions, and keep bitcoin decentralized -- however this is a very small, incremental step.  the alternative offered is BU; which will be a significant improvement for transaction speed and reduction in cost per transaction; but would likely lead to mining power being centralized wherever electricity is cheapest.
For the average person, the best bet is to NOT MAKE ANY TRANSACTION WITH BITCOIN between July 30 and whenever R/Bitcoin says to - probably August 15th but it could be later.  or, sell your bitcoin now if you are worried -- but do not transact after August 1 or you risk losing your coins; buy back in September at whatever the price is.
to me, the above advice is a bit too risky because i believe the price will go up once this is all resolved, but i'm a long term hodler. 
hope this helps - 
