@_author: iron_butterfly
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:32:30
Not sure if you’re just being funny but, if you’re not,  check out Japanese Candlesticks on YouTube. There’s an Australian guy who has a ton of the basic candles and patterns. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:36:36
I’ve been in finance for over 15 years and watching this rage play out is just classic fear and greed. No understanding of what economic challenges lie ahead for digital currency, the ebb and flow of markets, and that you don’t become a gazillionaire when you actually only have paper profits. The profit can evaporate quicker than you can sell. 
Blockchain has a future, but this current mania will end in tears and with maxed out credit cards. 
As Buffett says, “Be greedy when people are fearful and fearful when people are greedy .”  
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:01:12
Because the risks on the short side are immense. The margin requirement alone will only allow big players, like Citadel, a seat at the table. 
Don’t worry though, the government via their surrogates will manipulate the fuck out of Bitcoin in order to get their own digital online and take over by offering “security and stability”. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:17:18
All a massive shit show. I have the popcorn out. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:09:25
Sadly it will be the bank’s that fuck over everyone. They’re making their own digital currency, which they will deem superior, and will hence be widely accepted deeming the current structure in serious jeopardy. 
Anyone who thinks the govt won’t have their grubby fingers all over deeming anonymity unsafe is naive. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:23:50
At this stage Bitcoin is a perceived new “store of value” but unless Bitcoin becomes widely accepted / adopted as a means to which that “value” can be utilized to buy tangible goods (w/out first converting to USD, JPY, etc) at some point the novelty wears off and the realization that Bitcoin has no actual purchasing power will cause a significant decline in price. 
While blockchain is definitely part of our future, the powers that be will never allow an unregulated commodity (it is not currency at this point) to take over the system. Anyone who thinks Bitcoin is immune to intervention is naive and will be massively disappointed. 
With futures trading and a likely ETF at some point, there will have to be some semblance of stability. 
Given the helpless folks sending tweets to Coinbase about how they can’t get access to their purchased Bitcoin I sense a massive clusterfuck is forthcoming. 
All of the above OR everyone wakes up one day and all their Bitcoin has been stolen. Remember, the folks jumping in now, like in the dot com bubble, aren’t savvy and have no idea how to use other secure storage systems. That and they’re buying them by maxing out their credit card. Eek. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:46:41
With respect to TA; you should understand Japanese candlestick patterns as they are the bedrock of human behavior between buyers and sellers. Doesn’t matter the stock, commodity, currency, etc it is pure price action. 
Making an informed decision by having the ability to understand which side is in control is immensely valuable and is what separates the boys from the men.  
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:18:27
Of course it's not.  That's their objective.  
How about this; central banks and governments around the world make it illegal for companies registered in their country to accept bitcoin or other decentralized (i.e. unregulated) forms of payments thus rendering Bitcoin, Eth, etc. worthless.  You underestimate their power at your own peril.
I'm a former SIFI bank VP and fucking you over for profits is their main agenda.
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:50:21
@_date: 2017-12-10 19:05:51
Currently a mania with people buying Bitcoin by maxing our their credit cards. 
Blockchain for the future of currency but not before a crash and “intervention” by governments and their surrogates (GS, JPM, Citadel, etc). 
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:10:24
Do you mean who do I work with?  I worked for a SIFI bank primarily in their distressed corporate debt arena.  Prior to that I worked in bankruptcy law.  I currently trade options with my own money.  
Do you have a degree in finance or a related field (or tech if looking for quant work)?  Unlike when I started, without a degree you won't even be considered, unfortunately.  If you could get your foot in the door- even if it was some menial position you could get an idea of the workplace dynamics and sometimes you'll get someone to take you under their wing if you express enough interest.  M &amp; A is super hot right now, but when the credit cycle turns (my guess is around 2019) it will be slow for a while- until prices have declined enough for the sharks to come out.  HFT isn't going anywhere unless they cause some massive liquidity event (i.e. there isn't any) and the government decides to mandate speed bumps and the like.  
Feel free to ask other questions or DM me.