@_author: isabaellchen
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:38:41
Because you said that im nuts even tho this topic just underlines my assumptions.
@_date: 2014-01-12 13:50:14
Lol you call that a conversation? A conversation involves at least two parties discussing a topic. This has not happened. All that has happened until here is that you continue to draw a picture of me being nuts. You did not argue at all. And yet here you are, acting like you are the smarty... Its so predictable. More will see, understand and follow. Jump off the train while you can, before you are sacrificed at a court, because that is what always has happened.
@_date: 2014-01-12 13:21:11
Wtf... And you tell me im nuts?
@_date: 2014-01-12 15:27:56
The NSA and furthermore the british GCHQ are duplicating the whole internet traffic. That means that they keep a copy of everything you send or receive. It does not matter if you encrypt it or not, it is being kept as a carbon copy. Means that if you send your wallet through the internet, it is probably copied and stored. It has not yet been revealed as to what extent those BigBrother institutions have control over peoples computers. Yet only the data that is bein sent through the net has been stated to be copied. This means that any secured computer, be it macos, windows or linux is probably a safe place for your wallet. As from the malware point of view, windows malware is far more common. Means that the chance of getting hijacked is higher. Still there is no 100% safety in any system. Linux is just harder to crack since by default you do not access the internet as root or administrator like on windows, thus reducing the danger of infecting yourself with malicious software. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:51:14
It gets worse in the end.
@_date: 2014-01-12 12:42:02
What will you do when cryptotrading is going to be defamed as a black market? What will you do with your cryptos if noone is accepting them? You think bitcoin is too big to fail? Well good luck believing that. Also Fluoridization is an overuse of toothpaste turning your teeth brown. But noone tells you that in school... Do you have anything to contribute, other than trying to assasinate my character because its toxic to your bosses agenda? Oh wait, of course, im nuts sorry for telling the truth. Go on stick your head into the sand and pray for your dream of hapiness you will never achieve. There is a good movie called the lives of others. Watch it and see your lonely future, spook.
@_date: 2014-01-12 16:34:48
I use sophos. Sometimes it is overreacting but rather that than being sloppy on that topic. Still the best Anti Virus is a concious user that does not execute every fishy code, just to see girls naked or the latest video of someone falling on his nose. I also have to stress the point here that flash, java and javascript in your browser can be a big vulnerability to cross site scripting, meaning that it can be dangerous to be logged in to google facebook or what not in a tab while surfing fishy sites on another. But that is rather exposing you towards identity theft.
@_date: 2014-01-12 12:10:50
Yea laugh at me. When Cryptocoin trading is prohibited without a license you will see what i mean. The NSA will use its internet godmode to track down any by then illegal trade outside the US Dollar ecosystem. Just like they did it before. Oh wait, why am i even responding to a derogatory response by someone who admits that he didnt understand a single word i wrote? Ah yes, its because i love how blatant stuff like that is being derailed instantly, because i know that my words are toxic to some folks. Thanks for making my thoughts worth going on. The more i get fought the more i need to and will push in that direction.
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:06:07
This will get worse n worse if we don't get offline folks public perception to turn. Which is why i plead to prime their minds with Clean Crypto Currency as opposition to the Dirty Dollar. Noone wants to support war, cocaine cartels and fracking. Spread the word!
@_date: 2014-01-13 11:44:51
Id oppose this as a misconception. Open Source is not a guarantee for no viruses. If you compile your software on your computer AND the sources were aquired from well known public sources such as github or your linux distributions repositories, the chance of infecting your computer with malware are reduced to a minimum, yes. Still, binaries which have already been precompiled are also subject to secret backdoor code on linux as on any OS and someone could implement 0days right infront of the public withou anyone noticing it. It is just less likely to happen on linux since malware wants to reach as many peers as possible which is why it rather uses the mainstream OS Windows. If the sources are open and you can look into the code being executed, it is more likely that someone found malicious code before you, thus making it safer. Still there is no absolute 100% safety. Malware on linux is an interesting debate since the AV can be a vulnerability itself as it has full access to everything on your computer. Linux is by design way safer then windows as it is based on more robust software and has a proper permission system. The conclusion is that the effort for a malware coder to be successful penetrating your OS is much higher than on windows, making it inefficient to try to do it on a large scale like spreading it through software distribution, plus the smaller marketshare of linux. But never say never.
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:03:10
Oh it is? Wait, im nuts...
@_date: 2014-05-29 00:46:18
WTF 41 Points is the most arrogant and disgusting thing i have seen on reddit.