@_author: isaguz
@_date: 2017-12-12 12:40:45
Then again, it depends on the person AND the interest rate. For example, my husband was stressed about the mortgage. I received a payment and got some good returns on investments, and I just showed him my online broker account so he'd see we had enough to pay the mortgage. The change in his expression and body posture was immediate, and he spent the next week in a cloud. It was as if some strain had been taken away from him. He's been feeling much better and healthier for months now.
Bear in mind... we haven't paid the mortgage yet, and some of the money for it is invested (not all, of course). But just knowing that the money is there is enough for him.
So, no, you don't really need to pay it off. Some people do. My husband thinks it's better for the money to be invested while he does the monthly repayments, as long as the European Central Bank keeps interest rates close to zero. Trichet has warned that interest rates should go up relatively soon: we'll probably pay off when that happens.
You don't have to pay to have the psychological comfort, it depends on the person. But just having the cash around or easily transformed helps a lot. My portfolio is not made of highly volatile stock, so for me there's not a great cost of opportunity loss if I sell. However, with Bitcoins is different. It may go down to 100 tomorrow, or be a million apiece next year. So I understand why some people would want to take the risk. I guess it's a good idea to have enough to pay the mortgage, pay for the safety and then leave some just in case the prices go higher.
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:20:39
And you did well. Stress is a goddamned killer. Being able to pursue your entrepreneurial ideas, to follow your drive... without the stress of having your wife and kids in danger of eviction is priceless. Stress takes *years* off your life (fucking cortisol is murderous when up long term). So, in your circumstances, you did great. Money is cool, but a longer, healthier life without being stressed is more important. Priorities here.
Congratulations! It must be wonderful to have the house secure and still be able to take risks and pursue your interests. I really hope you're lucky and successful with your business venture. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:17:24
I hope I don't arrive too late, it's still Monday in my country.
Apparently, there are lots of problems with Coinbase. Which equivalents do the experienced, the pros, use? I did all my investigation on Coinbase, but as for the others, I have no idea where to begin. I don't need all the possible information, just a few ideas about which digital currency exchanges to investigate and begin with.
Thank you. If you could write which exchange you use and why that one, you'd make my day. If not, thank you very much for reading up to this point.
Now, off to r/BitcoinBeginners.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:49:35
WHAT IS HAPPENING WITH THE TRADERS?
No one verifies you at all. Apparently all their services are overloaded.
You just broke it! 
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:26:23
Psychological comfort. It's really, really important. Stress is a bastard. Have a look on the effect on health of high levels of cortisol and you'll understand why, especially for people with families, owning the house results in such an increase of psychological well-being, that it's worth the opportunity costs. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:36:29
The house was a great investment, Congratulations!
The 401ks? Are you sure? Doesn't mean you're paying a bank or fund to invest for you? With your knowledge of this stuff at this point, if you want to invest in something less volatile, I'd read Graham's The Intelligent Investor and Buffett's letters to shareholders and do the investment myself. What I mean is, at your point of knowledge, just studying a bit more, you'll probably be able to make more money investing on your own than your 401k would. But I guess those 401ks give you tax refunds or something, right?
What I mean is... if now, with the money you'll save from mortgage payments, you want to invest... dude, you learned to manage all that. If you want something safer than cryptos, you've got all the ability to learn and get yourself a much less profitable, but much safer portfolio on your own. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:24:34
Hey, if you're happy despite being jealous that means you have a good heart. I hope you get your moon too (and I don't have Bitcoins, I just came for the information because I want to play games with ether). But it's great to see someone being able to escape the rat race. 