@_author: iscentia
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:34:59
Don't you see how this could spiral out of control? Increased saving means means less spending which leads to lower sales. Lower sales cause layoffs. Layoffs mean less spending again. If the primary currency is deflationary, the risk-free rate is too high for some investment that would be otherwise be net-beneficial. How many medical advances do we lose because medical companies could make more money by not doing anything? 
The economy would eventually reach some equilibrium, but nobody could know what it might look like. Imagine a world where only 50% of people have any income at all? People without money have a very hard time clawing their way up. Then what? Tax the rich to feed the poor? The poor would revolt against the rich and their evil deflationary currency. Right back to where we were.
Inflation is a good thing whether you like it or not. Seigniorage may feel like robbery, but you don't want the alternative.
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:41:55
If you look at a lot of posts around here you'll easily find people mention times they chose not to buy with bitcoin because they could buy so much more in 3 months. This is based on a logical fallacy, and the effect is already real among people who are likely enthusiasts. You don't notice inflation because you've never known anything but. 
If you're offered one tv today or two in half of a year, it might be a tough choice. If you have no tv you probably just buy one, but if you don't it might be better to wait. Imagine you have similar choices for every luxury purchase you ever make. I know I would consume less personally. How much would just depend on the expected rate of deflation.
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:41:55
There is no reason it can't be given further divisibility in the future in various ways. It will always be as divisible as required.
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:57:47
I understand you're view, but this isn't the same old debate.  I like many principles of Austrian economics, but endorsing true indefinite deflation is a whole new ballgame. We don't even know the rules yet, so I hope you understand why I would be hesitant to play.
Someone with more time than myself could possibly predict a long term rate of deflation based on possible expected birth rates and such. If the number were sufficiently small, my fears could be assuaged somewhat. For now I remain hesitant.
@_date: 2017-12-27 01:20:51
The main problem is the initial shock. I mean we would likely be talking about choosing to induce something likely worse than the Great Depression. You can debate the ethical implications of that based on your expected  equilibrium, but that's a massive cost to pay.
Well bitcoin would deflate because bitcoin will be lost over time. It's really that simple. If population grows over time, bitcoin per person also has to fall. Though the opposite is true as well.
@_date: 2017-09-09 22:39:47
To be fair, it's possible he believes in bigger block sizes and profits. I would say his long-term preference doesn't need to align perfectly with short term profits. You can criticize him for a lot, but this doesn't seem that crazy.
@_date: 2017-09-20 15:28:59
It's not hypocritical, and they are in fact acting rationally. They prefer bcash for their own reasons in the long run, and you think that means they should give up profits in the short run? When the Bills play the Patriots every year, I root for the Bills because I'm a fan. I certainly wouldn't bet real money on them though.
@_date: 2018-03-08 20:32:49
Claims are being paid out based on the value bitcoin held at some point in the past. Claimants are owed fiat not bitcoin. There isn't enough bitcoin to pay it back that way. You can wish it were handled differently, but in a case that was certain to take a long time to settle, this made sense. Bitcoin is way too volatile to force claimants to be paid in btc years down the road. 