@_author: isflerganaword
@_date: 2018-10-10 15:08:46
I covered interest, it would be regulated by economic scalability, no government regulation required... but even if you insist on inflation being regulated by some body it still *technically* could be by use of a permit style system... and taxes on transactions would more than cover taxes... property taxes on held property do not create value. when something is built value is created, so a transaction occurs and as such a tax would be levied on both parties EXACTLY like our current system. when I say transactions I mean EVERY time money moves, and I did take into account the hosts of business, if you paid attention, because most business are realistically only transfering value, resource --------&gt; product, product --------&gt; consumer, consumer --------&gt; use/garbage/resource, only a small portion of an economy *creates* wealth, literally plants, and electricity so inflation would be caused by wealth creation not some ass hat in a suit. In a capitalist economy inflation is a byproduct of expansion, in a resource based economy it is the opposite meaning that you would only create new currency when it is needed, which would be every day, when more currency is needed more is created, not unlike inflation except that it would be demand based... I don't think you understand the idea.
@_date: 2018-10-10 14:21:49
I agree with some points, but honestly you could just create a centralized crypto currency with a tax algorithm built in all trades. This is how I think the future of crypto will look. Decentralized coins are the future of the black market and would have only perceived value compared to the gaurenteed value of a centralized crypto currency. Now while I do think that this model is the future, it is not, in my opinion, the *best* model. I think that a resource based economy using kilowatt hours is the best, because in a system like that wealth creation would come in the form of either, burning fossil fuels *OR* creating renewable resources. Now, hear me out on this, your house, car, phone, etc, would still cost a similar amount and wealth earned would be 100% different than wealth created, the only difference is in this economic model wealth would be very easily created on an individual basis as well as a country/city/state/corporate level, and as such would be proportionate to the magnitude of these institutions. It would make things like say Wall Street less of an economic engine for the entire economy and more of a casino with only minor economic implications because well the base economy is electrical and wealth can be literally harvested like crops by everyone while at the same time it can also be earned at jobs in stocks through interest (which would actually make way more sense than charging interest in an economy with limited resources like in our current oil based economy because there is always more sunlight to be harvested). If you want a new economic model based on capitalism that actually has a chance of solving Climate change, there you go. It's a resource based economy that would use either a traditional journalling system or well a crypto based depending on which ever one is chosen to journal the economy. Plus if you think about it there are historical presidents for changing out economic engines, with less and less tangible things as societies progress, with the latest example being an economy based entirely on oil trade deals which is destroying the planet, whereas when the economy was based on gold there simply put wasn't enough of it to keep up with the population, with an economy based on kilowatt hours the engine would be scaleable based on value creation. For example say every human builds a solar panel or even one every so often, etc, they are creating little value in this system, but considering most people won't, economy forms because john has electricity and dave needs it so dave has john compile a software that moves the solar panel to different angles at different times of day in exchange for a percentage of daves kilowatt hours, believe it or not this would be able to run the entire economy because the typical problem of endless grouth is dealt with by having a near infinite resource, the economy would always be considered growing because the energy harvested every day would theoretically always be increasing and the market would be fairly balanced on supply and demand sides because demand would scale the economy, making solar mining either profitable or unprofitable given the exchange rates of solar cells to kilowatt hours. Something like universal basic income would theoretically be possible in this scenario because it's existence would percipatate exchange in the economy. Wealth would change, from a number in a bank to an accumulation of electrical influence, wether that be in the form of stocks or boats or land or food, or other resources because in this economy wealth accumulation comes in the form of batteries not paper, so as the phrase goes you have to spend electricity to make electricity which would give a great incentive for immediate reinvestment creating a fluid economy that works more like a radiator than an engine.
@_date: 2018-10-11 13:34:28
oh fuck off, you were being reasonable and then you had to ruin it didn't you? like I have said multiple times, taxes could be completely left alone and this system would work yah dingo!
and I REALLY don't think you understand the difference between wealth creation and transfer... because you're coming off like an jack ass, so the wealth created by farming is mostly transferred quickly in a system and sure there is a roi rate on fert and seed and water, etc.. but seriously it's renewable... and energy comes from the sun... and is added to the system
no dog breeding is not wealth creation and I don't see what that has to do with anything except it shows that you don't understand the concept. all dog breeding does is increase demand in a system just like adding another human... therefore more wealth must be created to meet that demand...
desalination *is* wealth creation bud,  it's just one I hadn't included in the list. even though it is limited by input just like most wealth creation... new water enters the system...
this limited input is what would stabilize the market...
not to mention the fact that I already outlined how this type of currency could be regulated, you just choose to ignore it so you can call me a child and make sweeping remarks about everyone in this sub... you have no real criticism only whataboutism and strawmen, 
okay so regulation in this system would come from consumer demand, the government could influence this demand by increasing/decreasing federal production of kilowatt hours (like they already do with oil), people would not "just be creating money willy nilly" because it would eventually not be profitable to do so... like how it's not profitable for everyone to farm even though nothing is stopping you from farming. 
you keep talking about how I don't know how the economy works when it's clear you don't understand that this form of regulation already exists...
 so before you continue to call me a child you should really try to come up with a better argument than patronizing me... 
@_date: 2018-10-11 12:38:44
okay so your first point is valid, (given current tax models) you are right we would have to drastically change the way we pay taxes for an algorithm like that to work, unless you just did rebates at the end of the year like tax returns kind of, but I think that something like ubi would work very well to offset an automatic algorithmic tax because most things that we take as exemptions would be covered by default so yeah.
And you have a fundamental misunderstanding of the creation of value argument, which I don't blame you it's not really taught, so in our economy there are only a few things that add new value into an economy, farms, (mainly renewable) electricity production, fossil fuels (kiiiind of but not really), and very few other things... the other part of the economy that you are most familiar with is wealth transfer, this is your job, your house, your car, resource mining (this is were fossil fuels are imo but that's neither here nor there), software, banking, it's all wealth transfer.
the main difference between the two is that wealth creation is where new money enters a system, and wealth transfer is when wealth circulates in a system.
plus unless you're from America I don't think you really understand just how hopeless things are for some people... but I'm not talking about how much I hate the us economy, I'm talking about a modern vision for the economy, and the benefits over our current out dated system...
see in some place like Australia, you aren't dealing with stagnant wages like many cities are in the us, (the minimum wage hasn't changed in over 10 years here mate) and considering that college price has, as well as car prices, and the cost of living, you tell me if this economy is fair.
you are not wrong on the millionaire thing, but it is getting more and more difficult to compete with large corporations making the likelihood of such adventures panning out the same as your chances of being struck by lightning. 
@_date: 2018-10-11 17:46:15
historical event =/= conspiracy theory
downsides to current system
1. inflation
2. debt
3. instability
4. tax evasion
5. exchange rate fluctuations
6. entropy
7. lost paper dollars
8. artifitial interest rates not connected to growth
9. fake money/counterfeit money
downsides to RBE
1. scaleability
2. inflation
3. counterfeit resorces
4. harder to tax/regulate
5. easy large black market.
downsides to kwh
1. harder to tax/regulate
2. dificult medium black market
3. vulnerable to EMP
upsides to current system
1. we don't have to change anything or think.
2. we can borrow forever and pass the buck to the next generation of people
3. reward points on credit cards (whoo Hawaii here I come!)
4. you can make money off of currency flux
5. there is still room to expand in developing nations
upsides to RBE
1. consistent exchange rates
2. inflation proof saving
3. invunerable to government collapse
4. prevents excessive usery 
5. mining increases wealth
6. easier to detect counterfeit across cultures
7. wealth is tangible
8. typically fire proof
upsides to kwh
1. rbe with instant transfer rate
2. renewable income
3. collective stability
4. collapse proof
5. inflation tied to demand
6. deflation possible
7. usery possible and stable
8. reinvestment is a necessity
9. profit motive to save the planet
10. government regulation possible, but unnecessary.
11. room to expand and replace itself
12. consistent exchange rates based on a scientific unit.
13. fossil fuel transition period possible
14. can be overlayed over current system quickly
15. is easier to understand than bonds.
@_date: 2018-10-11 16:46:37
"even I can tear them down" did you though?
a dog is a dependent, say a man has a wife and when he files taxes he claims his wife as a dependent, his wife has a job though so she's an asset right? wrong she's still a dependent. dependents can make money and still be a dependent.
wealth creation is the creation of a new primary production asset there is a nice clean definition for you. 
so even if you classify a dog as an asset it is still not a primary production asset. how is it not? well the dog must be fed to reproduce so something must go into the new dogs production.
but... but... fertilizer... water... all this supplamental to a plants growth... the plant would still exist without purchased water/fertilizer, just as the gold would still exist without the pick axe, we use these as supplements to extract value. Let's apply it to the sun, the sunlight would still exist without the solar panel, but the solar panel supplements the collection. could you honestly say the dog could exist without food? sure in the wild dogs hunt, but what happens if there is nothing to hunt? dog dies. but... but... what happens if there is no rain? plants die so what then? um seeds... and seed migration, plants can wait on the rain.
so the government would pay for things using taxes, and wealth creation in the form of electrical production... I thought that would be obvious. but you think dogs are assets so I guess I have to spell out everything.
Yeah but you do have the dollar as the world reserve currency, which is hilarious your money gets its value off of my money!
so let's be real, for a second, China and Russia are both buying up a shit ton of gold and are selling their us treasury bonds... G, I wonder why.
maybe it's because a RBE is more stable than fiat and they are about to make a currency play, or maybe it's nothing and the dollar will be the currency foreeeeeever!
when you shut down the ability to create hypotheticals and alternative theories you limit discourse, not unlike the christians you just compared me too, you limit the discussion with preconceved notions about economy with no ability to suspend belief, it's all very closed minded, and you seem to be projecting, see I have no doubt that the current system works, whether or not I think it works well is neither here no there. if a system is presented as the only way to do things it is dogma, and if I cannot question the system it becomes religion... so yeah, I'm the closed minded one.
@_date: 2018-10-25 20:01:19
can confirm am josh
@_date: 2018-10-11 05:37:47
okay, so it looks like we agree that any block chain that would eventually be implemented would have to be *centralized.
 we disagree on what can be programmed into the chain (and that's cool believe me, accountants need jobs too), but I totally think that you could program automatic taxable transactions just from like a programming perspective it's possible, getting governments and people to trust it? who knows.
when I was talking about decentralized aspects I was referring to scalability, kind of like a hermit in the woods, he has access to resources maybe not money though, but if he wanted he could see what I mean?
Like I said earlier, I think that everyone should have the ability to create value if they so choose rather than just being a conduit, that Is why (while the government would control market saturation through production/nonproduction) the average joe would be able to create kwh$ proportionate to his ability, thus (in a very similar way to current the economic model) value is tied to both the government and the free market, all the while creating an incentive for renewable infinite energy to replace fossil fuels using the profit motive. 
@_date: 2018-10-11 15:43:02
1. the currency would only be centralized, not the resources backing it, so these resources could be pulled out in the case of governmental failure. nice try.
2. we would still be on the gold standard today if it weren't for Nixon and it would be fine, the reason we transferred to this model was to buy influence in the middle east in the fight against Communism (which was also stupid)
3. profit =/= wealth creation, this can only occur when new wealth enters a system, dependent =/= wealth therefore new dependent =/= new wealth, see you classify a dog as an asset it's really a dependent, one that can be sold, but a dependent none the less (kind of like slaves back in the day FWI). see if you really understood the concept you'd be asking about what mining does to this system, and the answer is technically wealth creation, manufacturing on the other hand is technically wealth transfer, as is recycling, but you're just talking about dogs... like an idiot... 
I guess the last thing I'm going to tell you is that fiat currencies are historically proven to collapse humans have a tendency to be selfish and fiat currency ramps up the ability to create money from nothing the very problem you accuse my system of having. when in reality it's not money from nothing it's money from the sun, and other rbe's are money from the earth. You're the one defending money from nothing.
@_date: 2018-10-11 03:33:47
because that is how taxes work now, a human just has to journal it... AND THE ECONOMY WOULD INFLATE AND DEFLATE YOU MORON I HAVE SAID THAT SO MANY TIMES IT HURTS... BUT ALL YOU KEEP TALKING ABOUT IS INFLATION LIKE A FUCKING IDIOT... and like I said taxes could be journaled in several different methods, one of which would be through centralized block chain and the other is traditional journaling but you didn't even fucking read what I had to say... so fuck you, talk over.
@_date: 2018-10-11 04:20:40
okay so I said I was done but you actually came back with a point that can actually be discussed go you! a lot of taxes are already on algorithms amazon, walmart, your mom's strange, lots of places (accountants just write it down and fill out forms which block chain does automatically so taxes *could be just as easy)! so incorporating it into a *centralized (said that it would be centralized the entire time... but you don't know how to read)  crypto would be easy and way more possible than you are giving it credit for...
while we're on the subject, I don't even like Bitcoin, I'm here to remain informed... 
and again, in a *centralized crypto/ kilowatt hour currency not only would such policies be possible but they would be more effective and efficient because of better accounting in cyber currency. which leads me to the point of you really don't even understand the idea and because of your closed minded ignorance have only the capacity to create strawmen of my idea.
decentralized currency and *centralized currency are completely different, and you don't know how to read, I said crypto was optional and that paper could still represent the currency but the currency would be based on kilowatt hours... the system would just function better if it was automated.
I really think that you think that this conversation is about crypto currency so the little ~~dick up your butt~~ voice in your head won't let you listen... so you just parrot the arguments against crypto not realizing that (resource based economy) =/= (crypto currency)
if you do understand this and you keep talking about inflation, like it's not possible on a *centralized sudo-fiat currency backed by an infinite resource, I think you might be as retarded as your profile name. that is all for this comment
@_date: 2018-10-11 18:00:39
if you want to know more about the subject.
sorry I didn't group them I'm on mobile.
@_date: 2018-10-11 17:52:11
History of opec from opec even outlines it's deal to only trade in USD.
@_date: 2018-10-11 15:05:18
how do you not see that creating a new dependent is wealth transfer? so breeding dogs is wealth transfer... let me explain, sure you are getting a new dog but the dog itself requires more resources in than it could ever hope to put out... You really don't understand the concept, and I'm not the one who created it... 
okay so the printing bonds is the problem... when the US was on the gold standard (Nixon changed it fuck Nixon btw) the us if they wanted to build something they would have to have enough gold to back the project, just like my model... so your point is that because we as a society got so dumbed down that we accept fresh off the press paper a currency that we couldn't replace it with something more substantial? I hope you realize how retarded that makes you sound.
that's like "If it ain't broke don't fix it" meets "unsafe at any speed" and instead of saying "hey you're right we could just change one thing about these cars and it still be a car" saying "what would you have us do quit making cars? you must be an idiot!" which is exactly how you're treating me and this argument... 
and the bond system is garbage, the value of a bond is not backed by anything other than the government's word and future taxes, all of which are insecure if say the government collapses but an economy based on resources would still be standing no matter what entity collapses.
it's like the three little piggies, this piggy built his house out of stocks and the wolf came along and blew up the stock market, this little piggy built his house on government issued bonds and the wolf came and the government collapsed this little piggy built his house on resources and the wolf huff and puffed and what do you know we still have gold!
so sure maybe kilowatts aren't the way to go (they are though I've done a lot of research on this) but a resource based economy *DEFINITELY* is wether it be gold, silver, copper, iron, oil, trees, kilowatts, food, cocaine, etc.
see this argument has many layers, and many different ways something like this could be implemented, one such way is with crypto currency, another is representative currency, another is cyber currency. 
taxes, ubi, and specific commodity examples are irrelevant to the argument and are subject to policy. I am specifically referring to the currency base, as are you, You think that a governmental promise is as good as gold, I'd rather have gold (kilowatt hours in my argument's case).
if the system is so much more complicated than I can grasp than how come you can? see this is the fundamental flaw in you federal reserve ass clowns you think that someone must know every single move and it's name to play chess effectively when realistically speaking, all they have to know is the rules on how the pieces move... 
@_date: 2018-10-10 20:42:57
Okay so I didn't see the "By the way your current idea is already working in the fiat world. Install solar panels on your house and sell your spare electricity back to the electricity provider. This happens in many countries around the world already. Though this money doesn’t come out of thin air, it’s a trade of resources as it should be." and I'll address that by saying that no, it is not, we have an institution that can create money that is only paper, and that paper is worth less every year... while wages are fairly stagnant and wall Street keeps booming and busting like a kids bubble blower, and yes money is *loosely* tied to resources in the same way that a blonde 24 year old is "married" to that 70 year old. Plus there is literally no international incentive to innovate from the current oil based model... only make small incremental change in the name of TV ads and hippies feeling better about buying from shell... In an economy based around kilowatt hours the incentive becomes to produce as many as possible as cheaply as possible, which means solar farms, wind turbines, etc, because they produce more efficient power than their peterol counterparts, if you actually look at the argument, a Resource based economy based on kilowatt hours essentially cuts out the petrol middle man while still allowing them to participate in the economy they were removed from the center of, the fed could quite possibly remain intact, even the name dollar, but we could literally sign an executive order tomorrow to change the base of the dollar from us treasury notes to kilowatt hours and not that much would change except the  incentive behind economic mobility. See the ubi argument is optional as is the possibility for a centralised crypto currency as well as my personal beef with property taxes, much like the argument for universal health insurance is separate from the 15 dollar minimum wage argument while sharing the same purpose of aiding in the elimination of poverty. The kilowatt dollar is a sudo-fiat currency by nature even though it is still classified as a Resource based currency. This is something that is kind of hard to wrap your head around till you think about it: For Example, the United States has a oil reserve, which they use to influence the price of oil at any given time, the fed sets interest rates based on "the economy" basically wether or not the country is on a downswing or an up swing, and this basically determines wether or not someone who is stably employed can get that new Camaro or not, in a kilo watt dollar economy the very same institutions could halt or ramp up state production of electricity, with the obvious effect being that more/less demand would fall on the private sector which would cultivate growth instead of the economy over taking regulation like some form of carnivorous weed in a field of wheat. But fiat money is better because? I don't like innovation? I can't tell what your argument is... That I don't know what I'm talking about? 
@_date: 2018-10-10 15:44:58
"your system is flawed" okay, so then tell me why instead of just calling it "garbage"... this only makes you sound like a close minded person, not someone with a real point to make... so how about you explain the problems... and if you read a dictionary front to back you would know something, how to express ideas about the world around you, where as with college you learn about properties of the world around you which also aids in that expression, both are worth doing... and both are educational the topics of education are just different. Before you keep criticizing, how about you actually do some research on resource based economic principals because, you clearly don't understand it. eh hem, So INTEREST can be charged on future value creation/ transfer (exactly like our current system)... national interest by stark contrast would be based on economic scalability... And STOCKS/BONDS can be based on company/country/etc expansion and ROI would be based on percentage of change in value creation capacity EXACTLY like our current economy... And TAXES would work on  transactional basis so that every time value is transferred in an economy a tax is levied (this would be entirely different from our economy as it stands so why does our current and very broken system matter?), the only exception would be on universal basic income, which is basically like an allowance from the government based on market values (since you don't understand resource based economy I thought I'd explain that one too just to be safe).
TLDR if you have the time to respond calling something garbage you also have the time to explain why...
@_date: 2018-10-11 17:54:22
recommend you read this
@_date: 2018-10-11 03:10:03
see you keep proving my point... you don't have an argument, you only have insults and a command to Google something, how about you Google why inflation is a bad thing? because inflation is a coin and it has two sides... so when you keep talking about inflation like it is this big hole in my idea when I covered how multiple forms of inflation would play out in a kilowatt hour dollar... so many people would use something like a solar panel as an investment, and anything they get back (kilowatt hours/ dollars/ etc.) would be ROI exactly like in today's economy, and like I covered before the idea is similar to farming in that value is created in the form of electricity and is "sold" (converted into kilo watt hour dollars) in the same way that food is (kinda) the electricity can then be spent or saved, like money except that once electricity is spent it is gone, so the need for a constant power supply is created, necessitating the very same money creation you credit inflation with... except on a daily scale and it literally makes it impossible to hold on to money forcing reinvestment, not just creating an incentive... let me ask you a question, if I gave you 1 billion dollars, do you really think you'd be able to spend it all in one life time? if your answer isn't no, you're lying... If your only point is inflation I'd like to point out that I pointed out how a governing body would be able to create the very same inflation that you are obviously so obsessed with, using an economic switch much like the oil reserve we currently have... but I bet you haven't addressed it because you have no answer to it... so you just call me a teenager and talk about wages... well you say wages are on the rise and I say they're stagnant, particularly when you account for that inflation that you are so fond off, it honestly makes  me sick when people don't address actual points in an argument and go straight to insults... But Now in fairness I must address the whole point to countries that have unstable currencies thing, well okay, so when I was talking about the roman empire I could have talked about any number of nations, the holy roman empire, Britain, china (pre opium), etc... and how they all fell victim to currency manipulation and well as inflation... hell I can even take your examples as well, because they have fell victim to the exact same thing currency manipulation at the hands of a banker or another country (cough the us cough cough cough) now I will admit, this curency is not without the ability to be manipulated and inflated, but because there is a tangible resource that is backing the economy it doesn't matter if the currency is being manipulated because the resource can be pulled out of the economy and created independently of the economy, (but then how would you prevent things like the black market and tax evasion? well that's the beauty of using electricity over say... oil for instance, electricity is harder to transport cost effectively without using infrastructure... so on a small scale the black market will not go away, but on a large scale, it would be almost impossible [given that cyber versions of the currency are used] ) now to your "point" about Hitler, when comparing things it is important to compare apples to apples and tomatoes to tomatoes and oranges to oranges, now when you said you could replace Rome with Zimbabwe or Venezuela, I cringed a little, see Rome is a apple (economic power House that spanned about a fourth or fifth of the world's surface) and Zimbabwe is a tomato, and Venezuela is also a tomato, (small country of little significance to the world economy) America on the other hand is an apple, see when the apple is big enough you can cut off slices but, the apple eventually gets to a point where it cannot be cut anymore, we call this systemic stagflation, and every time that it has occurred  it was caused by internal economic failures like the failure to control inflation for example, or corruption causing a failure to recoup taxes, causing larger than "acceptable" deficits and a lack of austerity measures because that would hinder the economy... which is bull shit... because well a healthy economy breathes, but a constantly inflating economy just exhales until it's last dying breath... Small economies are more like tomatoes if you keep slicing you get ketchup meaning a change in leadership with promises of sugar to sweeten the blow. I think the American empire is on its last leg because we shot the other one by starting shit, like you know a trade war with our biggest trade partner and tearing up a peace deal and getting called a rouge state by the UN that your country helped create in its prime all the while idiots are screaming about a dude who got drunk and allegedly did a bad thing over fifty years ago, and all the while underemployment is up, unemployment is down and the stock market is hitting record highs (from stock buyback mostly) the fed officially spent it's silver bullet letting the interest rate loose trump lowered taxes on people who have more money than any one dude with a solar panel could ever hope to create. Did I mention the minimum wage is still 7.25 an hour? which has *not* kept up with your inflation. Not to mention the fact that Americans are in more debt today than any other society in history... because... debt is good? wether it's the national debt or the personal debt, it's on the rise and for some reason, people think that it's a good thing, but what happens when the inevitable austerity measures have to be put in place? and the banks steal all those houses, cars, iphones, boats, and Americans are hit with another depression? the phrase too big to fail is bull shit... I'd like to turn the page to Brittain and it's ww2 debt, during ww2 GB incurred some serious debt, and in exchange for the United States continued aid the empire had to fall into it's current role as well not an empire. The same thing (probably worse) is coming for Americans because the UK had the balls to hand over the reins where the US much like Rome is way more likely to go down with the ship than to take handouts from other nations... especially "communist" China who is definitely going to overtake the us as a world power... which in my opinion is sad because I think America truly deserves at least 300 more years of being on top, but it would take some serious changes to make such longevity feasible... one such idea is a resource based economy the other ideas should be, reinvest in manufacturing, education, crops, tech, renewables, implement new tax policies with austerity on the rich and leanincy on the poor/middle class, removal of monopolies and oligopolies, and legalization of pot, universal pardon on weed, decriminalization of drug use and rehab instead of prison yah know basic end to prohibition, ubi instead of welfare, 15 dollar minimum wage and free college, a public works program similar to a new deal and sort of optionally QUIT FUCKING SPYING ON YOUR OWN CITIZENS but sadly the last one isn't necessary for the plan to work... on another note, why doesn't the United States make education federal? when it's ran by the state it's just worse and credits don't transfer across state lines...
@_date: 2018-10-11 17:58:18
 
inflation is a two sided coin... like I said.
@_date: 2018-10-11 17:49:10
Fuck you dude, it's not a conspiracy theory. It's fact.
@_date: 2018-10-10 23:22:41
um... k... so when people farmed that disrupted the entire economy? this structure is incredibly similar... but you're too close minded to see that... you'd rather berate other people's ideas than actually try to discuss anything... plus fiat currencies only give the illusion of sustainability while slowly returning to their original value point... zero. which is an economic principle waaaaaay older than capitalism... so here is the best example, twards the fall of the roman empire the coins that were once silver with the Emporor's face on them because copper... the population began to loose faith in their money... and a few generations later boom down goes half of the Roman empire... so I really don't have to understand economics (which I do, you just keep making straw men and saying I'm wrong cause I don't understand something that you refuse to explain...) to understand history. And history is very clear Empire + inflation + time = loss of empire. prove me wrong garbage man.
@_date: 2018-10-10 23:09:29
So if the dollar is worth so much how come candy costs 2 bucks when it used to cost less than a quarter? Riddle me that oh wise Goldman Sachs clown? Inflation when balanced with population/economic growth is a "good" thing if by good you mean stable... see you keep saying that I don't understand economic principles when the only thing you're talking about is how inflation is not a bad thing... it really depends on the rate of inflation... if the us had a consistent track record on the subject we might actually be having a real conversation on the merits of fiat over resource based economy, but the fact of the matter is that the United States inflates the currency when we have the tiniest down turn making the currency worth less all the time... especially compared to the 1950's boom economy... Not to mention that other countries have noted that the US uses the dollars position as the worlds reserve currency as a weapon... so yeah I don't understand inflation... 