@_author: ishama
@_date: 2015-02-01 15:08:00
He's been mentioning the BRICS since the first comment. Which begs the question, why are **you** talking about Russia bro?
@_date: 2015-10-01 17:06:26
Why are you being downvoted?
I thought bitcoin was still pretty much not privacy oriented. Atcually, didn't we all agree that it's easier to launder money with fiat currency than with btc? Am I missing something?
@_date: 2013-12-08 01:18:49
Bitcoinwisdom is down also. That's odd...
@_date: 2013-12-08 01:30:23
yes, it's up for me too but...
Probably Reason
    BitcoinWisdom is temporary down
    Domain is not bitcoinwisdom.com
    Network issue"
...there are no charts.
@_date: 2013-12-07 10:46:40
I just want to say I share the same concern with you Daniel. It has been done in stock exchange and still is. Adding to that, brokers are not really known for their integrity. So, with that, it seems just a matter of time until someone or some group with the skill and resources starts to do the same in btc markets.
Also, I'm somewhat convinced it has already been tried in the btc world. Now, more than ever, with bitcoin gaining mainstream exposure and along with that gaining a lot of easily scared market investors, it seems the time is ripe for some pump &amp; dumping.
On the other hand, as altcoin markets are independent from each other and free to make up their own regulations which they can implement on the spot enabling them to adapt much quicker than the typical stock exchange environment, I believe it's more a matter of hoping that mtgox and the like have a will for self-preservation or, to put it more precisely, a will for self-preservation that sees market stability as the only way to go.
I have to admit that for once in my life the "free-market" idea is starting to really make sense. Not as in a regulation-free market, but markets which are free to choose their own regulation methods. A major ironical kick in the balls of all those Milton Friedmans' scattered throughout the world. :3  
(So, beware of new and fishy markets that might suddenly appear that are just too good to be true. Facilitating arbitraging and enforcing suicidal regulations) edit1:(I would be suspicious if one of those started accepting visa/mastercard and being lax on withdrawals)
edit2: typo