@_author: ishiaminjapansays
@_date: 2014-08-19 09:03:05
I tried my best to type this and be complete. Please read the whole thing.    
    
-Your idea is good, but not original. Everyone thinks of this, but very little have the balls to leave their life. You will have to invest your savings and fight the establishment and their laws on money transfers, possible robbery, language differences, logistics, fundraise money for advertising. Be based in numerous countries, get around price volatility and so on. You'll need: -A programmer who is familiar with bitcoin (in high demand now and not cheap) This is because some of the process should be automated. Security. -You'll need a hardware guy. Back-ups, databases, cold storage and hardware security. -You'll need a lawyer/legal advice in every country you are operating in just in case you get sued or laws change. -You need an accountant(s) to keep everything legit. -You need a detailed economic plan with forecasts on earnings so that you can find out how you will pay employees. -You need an advertising campaign to make sure people use your service (Otherwise you might go bankrupt before things start to pick up) You need starting capital. (a lot of it)    
    
In the end, you need to make sure that none of these people run away with your coins.    
    
This is the venture structure and if you were ready for that, you wouldn't be posting on reddit.    
    
    
Alternatively:    
    
My guess is that you are a relatively talented and cool individual, but lack the specific skills to do any of these things.    
    
If you can translate, then maybe you could team up with some people in different countries and try to start small.    
    
You could find some specific individuals and help them with remittances. (Basically have one guy in Japan/Europe/US/Qatar with the son and one guy with the mother in Nepal. You call them over skype and you perform the transaction. Son gives money to guy, who sends the bitcoins to Nepal. The bitcoins arrive and the Nepali contact pays the mother. (some small fees might apply because exchange rates might hold risk). -This is not safe as you might get robbed if you grow too big. -This might not be to the taste of authorities. (Taxes, so if you grow too big you might get a call from them one day. It will be hard to find people since you don't know who you can trust.) -People will copy your concept. (not really a problem)    
    
That is all.    
    
Ish/user/Iaminjapan/Says 
