@_author: ishotanarrow88
@_date: 2019-10-24 13:26:07
I disagree. I pay with alts for software when and where when possible, and would gladly pay at POS with bitcoin. It is the US government spurning adoption with tax burdens. Don't blame it on the tech, or the community. By the time you come around, your government will be forcing their own Ethereum on steroids, to include a record of everything youve ever done, down your throat, and BTC will be a renegade's gold. Either that or they get with the program and bend nonviolently to the revolution.
@_date: 2019-10-22 14:37:32
Economists who have dedicated a significant portion of their lives studying this *social* science fail to acknowledge the key issues in order to avoid the mental anguish of cognitive dissonance.  Economics is naught but a mathematical observance of a government-mandated board game developed by an elite class whom the observer (economist) and participant (consumer) have no influence or control over, yet are forced without choice to comply with.  When bad actors cheat the game, "policies" are enacted to reset the game that most people didn't ask to play in the first place.
Which theory justifies a game where an elite class, through bending the rules, destroys the financial lives of millions, yet has their businesses bailed out and wealth increased by the very people they economically murdered?   Being a social science, I'd imagine there is a theory to justify this, no? I understand there is a model to explain any economic event.  There can be a model for how the holocaust went down or how a certain serial killer operates, but those models don't justify the actions.  Such economic rah-rah is both arrogant and ignorant.  Cryptocurrency puts accountability in the hands of the consumer, in the hands of the people, where it belongs.  The human race got along just fine before the banking system, and will get along just fine managing its own money.  
Don't worry, economists, currency and trade will still be there for you to observe and derive models and theories from.  State-run media will still hire you to come in and spread FUD. There will be bumps in the road with this new technology, but the *people* will handle it. A distributed, *public* ledger can be adjusted, with *public* consensus and transparency.  Full nodes will be in the hands (and likely brains) of all. No more databases behind firewalls.  No more wizard behind the curtain. In a world of finite supply and full transparency, corrupt actors won't have "tools" (non-violent tools, at least) to rescue their greedy friends from the gallows.
Fuck economics.