@_author: isleepinahammock
@_date: 2015-12-09 06:19:08
Sets a really bad precedent though. If it's possible to do for satoshi's coins, then it's only a matter of time until the government starts demanding the same treatment for various villains. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 19:09:11
That big horizontal line at what I'm estimating is 50 BTC is quite interesting. Not sure what that could represent. Maybe one of the big exchanges keeps their coins in a huge number of 50 BTC addresses?
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:14:06
Structural engineer and tutor.
@_date: 2014-01-10 20:24:06
Ikea could stuff a couch into a cube 3" to a side. I'm sure Satoshi can figure it out.
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:10:54
I predict Bitcoin will be over 9000 by the end of the day!
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:12:18
I think I just had an overstroke.
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:23:28
Hey, she was a presidential nominee! 
...For the California [Peace and Freedom Party]( :/
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:21:04
Simple! 
Every n blocks:
b=total number of existing bitcoins
w=total number of existing addresses
Set all wallet balances to b/w
I call it...the Jubilee pruning method! 
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:15:45
Not sure why someone downvoted you. It's true. Many people have brokerage accounts where they constantly buy and trade stocks. The day traders don't have a hard time come tax time. They have accounts on etrade, Schwab, etc. Even if they do thousands of transactions in a year, the software automatically calculates the net taxable gain for them. The software does all the hard work, and they get a simple 1099 form in January. 
@_date: 2014-01-31 14:01:26
There's an old saying: "Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM."
Imagine the Visa CEO announces some major project to somehow implement Bitcoin payment processing. While it would do wonders for the BTC price, it wouldn't necessarily be a huge windfall for Visa. 
The whole thing could blow up in their face. Say they invest $500 million into implementing it, only to learn that people who like Visa don't want to use Bitcoin, and people who like Bitcoin don't trust Visa. The whole thing blows up and they lose all their investment. After that, the CEO is out of a job.
The stockholders for Visa aren't expecting 100% annual returns. This isn't some tech startup, the shareholders don't expect the CEO to make radical, earth-shattering, visionary projects. It's an established, conservative company. People put money into Visa stock as a stable store of value and to make some modest dividends. They don't want Visa taking big risks to get "the next big thing."
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:38:15
&lt;looks down at boobs&gt;
@_date: 2014-01-11 04:09:21
Can you share a bit of knowledge? How did you go about selling your coins? Did you use coinbase or some other exchange to convert to fiat?
@_date: 2014-02-02 12:45:24
Honestly, there's nothing wrong with a Social Security type system, at least in principle. If your goal is to simply prevent people from ending up poor and homeless when they're too old to work, a Social Security type system is by far the most efficient way to do it.
The problem with IRAs and 401ks is that you have to save up for the worst case scenario. Say people retire at 65 and on average die at age 75. If you run an insurance type system like Social Security, you just have to pay in enough to take, on average, ten years of benefits. Half of the people will live less, half will live more, but nobody has to pay for more than ten years of benefits.
With 401ks, you have to save enough to last up to 40 or 50 years in the most extreme cases. You seriously have to worry about outliving your retirement savings. With individual retirement accounts, every single person has to save up enough to last 40-50 years. The plus side of this is if you don't live that long, you'll have a hefty inheritance to give your heirs. The downside of this is you have to save much more than you would otherwise. 
If your goal is just to prevent old-age poverty at the lowest tax rate possible, a Social Security type system is the most efficient way to do it. Everybody pays in only enough to live to the average life expectancy, and everyone is covered from retirement till death.
So what is the problem with Social Security? The main problem is that the trurst fund has been invested in total shit assets. Treasury bonds, while conservative, have a terrible return. There are many things Social Security's money could have been invested in without resorting to crazy or risky investments. Social Security certainly shouldn't be investing in credit derivatives or mortgage-backed securities, but I can think of plenty of conservative investments that offer much better returns than treasuries:
* Stocks: Social Security needs to be conservative, but that doesn't mean stocks are out. Sure, don't invest in pets.com, but IBM should be fine. Stick to companies that have very modest price to earnings ratios that have been around for at least 20 years. This probably won't return quite as much as a total market index, but still a lot better than treasuries.
* Bonds: similar idea to stocks. Buy bonds from strong, well-established companies that aren't going anywhere.
* Physical infrastructure. If it had been properly invested, Social Security should have owned half the toll roads in the country right now. Physical infrastructure is a great investment to back a retirement fund. It consistently generates revenue and isn't going anywhere.
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:56:34
Don't take up much space? Speak for yourself! I have an entire room stacked to the ceiling with paper wallets, each holding 1 satoshi each. I'm worried the floor is about to collapse!
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:58:07
Exactly. You have to be extremely cautious with Bitcoins. They're designed as a trustless currency. Once they're sent, they're sent, and that's it. This isn't some credit card transaction where I can later dispute the charges. Once it's gone, it's gone.
I offered this person a fair, trustless method where we could do exactly what he proposed, and neither of us would have the ability or incentive to cheat each other. It's strange that he wants to do a person-to-person transaction, but I was able to come up with a way to do even this that protects us both.
He claims to have 1000 coins. I proposed that we do transactions of ten coins each. He sends me ten, then I send him 9.5. Yes, sure, I can disappear with his 10 coins, but by doing so, I would lose out on the total profit of 50 coins I would earn by being honest. It's in my best financial interest not to cheat him.
@_date: 2014-01-16 03:58:46
&lt;Subjects ArchonAlarion to [the boats]( 
@_date: 2014-01-06 23:01:04
Hmm, I must have misread. I thought you were arguing fiat was more secure. :/
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:11:18
This is pure, false, unabashed bullshit.
Everyone knows the Yen has an Emperor, not a King!
@_date: 2014-05-07 00:48:30
How about those Rube Goldberg machine contests?
@_date: 2014-02-03 18:49:56
While I certainly agree with you that many things that are illegal should be legal, you have to draw the line somewhere. While I'm fully in favor of legalizing marijuana and decriminalizing many other drugs, there are some unambiguously harmful, evil things that anti-money laundering laws help prevent. 
You're espousing a very libertarian viewpoint, so I assume you're in favor of strong property rights. The problem is the government isn't the only entity that can steal from you. What about regular theft? What about extortion and blackmail? Criminals can steal your stuff just as well as the government can. Anti-money laundering laws help combat this.
What about murder? Contract killing is certainly illegal, should a hitman be able to launder his money without fear? After all, he earned it, regardless of whether someone considers it legitimate. Maybe I should hire a hitman to kill you and we'll take everything you own. It's all morally relative, right?
What about human trafficking? We live in a world with a lot of sick, twisted fucks out there. Without laws against it, 8 year old prostitutes would be a thing. Hell, it's incredibly illegal, and it still happen in a few cases. Anti-money laundering laws help prevent this. 
I agree that the current government goes to far in creating many victimless crimes, but that does not mean that all laws are without purpose. Money laundering laws exist to combat some of the most unambiguously evil things on this planet. They exist for a reason, and will not be thrown away for the sake of ideological purity.
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:42:20
Exactly. Even with a fiat currency, the government government cannot prevent loss of faith. The central bank can always prevent deflation by printing more currency, but they cannot prevent inflation if people simply lose faith in it.
@_date: 2014-02-07 21:57:59
Again, how many times do I need to say this? You need to separate theory and philosophy from practical reality and the actual law.
You're lost in a libertarian fantasy land and confusing fantasy for reality. I'm not arguing how things should or should not be, I'm simply explaining how the law actually is. 
The cops, the prosecutors, and the judges don't care about your philosophy. They apply the law as it is written, not as you, I, they, or anyone else think it should be written.
You're arguing from a position of absolute, theoretical morality, I'm arguing from a position of real-world law. If you wish to operate on theory alone, be my guest, but you will find yourself reading *The Fountainhead* while sitting in a jail cell. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:23:18
I'm curious, what regulations, specifically, keep you from opening an exchange? You could just do what Coinbase does and make sure you know all of your customers, have proper ID information on them, that sort of thing. What regulations are you worried about?
@_date: 2014-05-30 12:45:23
I'll put on my strap on!
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:50:39
I would swap strip clubs and escorts for porn. Porn sites often make most of their money through recurring charges. They'll have something like "only $1 for instant access!", but buried in tiny print somewhere is a message, "by paying this $1, you're agreeing to a $20/month subscription fee."
From porn sites' perspective, yes, Bitcoin helps with customer privacy, but it also hurts them. It's impossible to involuntarily charge someone's Bitcoin wallet. Payments have to be directly initiated by the sender. As such, porn sites have both incentives and disincentives to adopting Bitcoin.
But other adult businesses? Strip clubs, escorts, sex shops, "massage" parlors? They could immensely benefit from the adoption of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:01:05
I have no idea. You would have to consult with a lawyer and look up what the laws of your state say. If I had to guess, I would say going through some physical good wouldn't help that much. If anything, it might make things even more complicated as you would have to abide by commodity exchange laws. 
One case I can think of is income tax. Some employers have tried to be clever and avoid paying income taxes. One I heard of paid their employees partly through US gold coins. The coin might say "$1" on it, but the gold value of the coin would be hundreds of dollars. They would pay their employees in coins and only report the face value of the coins to the IRS.
This didn't fly. The law takes into account the actual market value of such things, and that employer is now serving a lengthy federal prison sentence. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:19:51
Actually a foundational collapse can occur, but only in the case of outright hyperinflation. Inflation is common, hyperinflation is something that happens only to a single country around the world every few decades. 
Look at the Zimbabwe dollar. That currency has collapsed. The government can print as many dollars as it wants, but it doesn't matter anymore. The people have stopped using the Zimbabwe dollar entirely and now get by with the South African Rand, the US Dollar, the Euro, other currencies, or barter. 
In the case of hyperinflation, the foundation literally does fall out as people just stop using the currency.
@_date: 2014-02-01 21:41:52
Hard way? Pfft. That's nothing. I mine bitcoins with pen and paper!
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:11:39
A $1 million dollar surety bond does not cost anywhere near $1 million. It's like an insurance policy. A surety bond typically costs 1-5% of the face value of the bond. 
Many states require certain professions to be bonded. For example, may trades are required to be bonded. Think plumbers, carpenters, electricians, etc. This is so if the electrician screws up and causes your house to burn down, he will have funds to cover the damages. I don't know how many tradesmen you know, but while they're definitely doing better than the folks working at Walmart, we're not exactly talking about Wall Street tycoon levels of money here. If a state required a $1 million surety bond, someone could purchase that bond for around $25k. That's not chump change, but hardly an unrealistic amount to start a new business.
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:52:41
Yes, and by stealing your $10k, I lose the $50k that I would make by being honest. 
Now why on Earth would I do that?
@_date: 2014-01-11 06:04:46
Well it might not hurt to have some regulation on the Bitcoin exchanges. How many times have we had exchanges just up and disappear, walk off with people's coins, lose people's coins, prove vulnerable to hackers, etc.
For instance, if you have funds deposited at an exchange, how do you know they actually have those funds? How do you know the exchanges aren't operating on a fractional reserve system? 
@_date: 2014-01-13 21:04:23
Obviously BitChaser is the real Satoshi!
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:48:09
The NSA wants to gather all the information it can. If they could intercept transactions, they could connect bitcoin addresses to computer IP addresses. IP addresses can be linked to actual identities. 
They probably have some big database where every address on the blockchain is directly mapped to an individual or company.
@_date: 2014-01-02 21:52:49
There's a few methods I can think of:
1. Slowly cash them out. Cash out say, 20 per day. This will let you slowly cash them out without causing a major price drop.
2. Contact one of the major exchanges directly. You can try contacting Coinbase and seeing if they would be willing to work out a custom transaction. They might ask you to take a payment of a bit lower than current market price, but you could get it all out in one secure transaction. 
3. Find some angel investor looking to buy a large number of coins. The investor has the same problem you have. It's hard for him to buy a large number of coins without causing the price to shoot up. This would involve finding a willing buyer, possibly on this site, on other Bitcoin forums, on localbitcoins, or through some sort of broker. It would also involve a lawyer and possibly some sort of escrow service to make sure the deal is completely legit. 
@_date: 2014-01-05 19:18:04
Because money itself isn't worth anything to actual, physical human beings. Do you really see someone saying to themselves, "hmm, I live in a studio apartment and take the bus every day to my minimum wage job at Walmart. If I cashed out half of my Bitcoin now, I could buy a mansion, drive a Bentley, and never work another day in my life. Oh, I could also get health insurance! NAH, I'll just keep working at Walmart. The $5 million in coins I have could be worth a billion someday!"?
@_date: 2014-01-07 14:11:17
[What does this all mean?](
@_date: 2014-01-08 13:05:59
Here was his reply:
"this would have been something i would have gone for; however why on earth would i now do business with you after you just pretty much slandered me, and led to me getting scammed myself.
clearly you think there was a chance i was legit, otherwise you wouldnt have sent me this message, now however, ill just take my business elsewhere"
He doesn't want to do business with me now, have I had the audacity to slander his throwaway account! /s
@_date: 2014-01-05 05:16:17
Revenues from WHAT? It was a university research network. It was 20-30 years from the first proto-internet networks to when it really started taking off commercially. And land taxes? The federal government can't collect property taxes. 
Sure, the federal government used to collect a lot of revenue from tariffs, but we've sense learned that tariffs are a great way to hold back the entire global economy.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:16:46
Exactly. In the real world, you can't hide behind a "oh, I was just providing X service, if my customers chose to use it for something illegal, that's their problem."
This is what got all the Bittorrent trackers sites in trouble. In court, they tried to argue that they weren't violating the law, only their customers. It didn't work, as they were knowingly providing and making a profit from a forum whose main purpose was mass sharing of copyrighted materials. Copyrighted files were never directly hosted on these sites, but the sites still existed mainly as a way to violate copyrights.
Another example. Consider guns. It's legal to sell guns to anyone, as long as they meet the requirements for not having felonies on their record, not being minors, etc. If someone legally entitled to buy a gun from you buys a gun and then commits a crime with it, you are not liable. However, if the head of the local gang walks in with his buddy and says, "hey. My buddy here is named Joe. Joe doesn't have any criminal record yet, and so he can buy guns. Sell him 100 handguns and shotguns. He'll legally purchase them and then hand them out to our crew so we can police our territory." If you sell the guns in the second situation, you will be criminally liable. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:11:29
If you did it all through Coinbase, it wouldn't be that hard. It doesn't matter what the commodity is. It could be Bitcoin, shares of Florida swamp land, or a truckload of gravel. You bought something at one price. You sold it at another. Simple as that. 
Now, if you bought a bunch of Bitcoins then sent them to BTC-E, spent months day trading them with thousands of trades through dozens of different altcoins, THAT is where you start to worry. That's what gets hard to document. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 22:19:10
You could do it by having some sort of "verified funds" built in to paypal. You make a deposit into your paypal account. The bill it, at which point it takes a long period of time, say two weeks, to clear.
Alternatively, paypal could require you to make a wire transfer to your paypal account. Wire transfers usually require you to show up at your bank, in person, show ID, and fill out and sign a form. Because of this, wire transfers are nearly irreversible. The bank doesn't let you reverse a transaction you went to such great effort to knowingly make.
@_date: 2014-01-07 23:23:34
Yeah, I suppose I should be more careful with this. Oh well, I knew the guy was a scammer and just felt like messing with him. If he actually did say, "ok, let's do this!", I'm not sure what I would have done.
@_date: 2014-05-22 15:41:40
[The perfect song for the year leading up to this point. :D](
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:19:41
Ah, that will do it. What is it, a year you have to hold on to them before they become long term?
@_date: 2014-01-13 20:58:49
There's a balancing act that happens with an appreciating currency like Bitcoin. If nobody spends their coins, their use a means of exchange declines and fewer businesses accept them. Thus, the fewer the people that exchange their coins for services, the lower overall value and price of each Bitcoin.
Of course, if the value shoots up too rapidly, then people have more incentive to hold coins instead of spending them. 
These two factors oppose each other. This is why the value of the currency doesn't just shoot straight up or plummet straight down. If the price begins to fall, people have an incentive to spend it, thus braking the decline. If the price begins to rise, people have more incentive to save it, thus slowing the growth.
The value will rise will still rise with time, but it can only rise in conjunction with the overall size of the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2014-01-06 04:57:19
"The first matrix I designed was quite naturally perfect. It was a work of art. Flawless. Sublime. A triumph only equaled by its monumental failure."
-The Architect
@_date: 2014-01-05 17:35:51
I store my private addresses laser etched on gold plates!
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:49:55
From what I read, IIRC, I think they busted him while he was actually logged in to the site. They knew he probably had everything encrypted to all hell, so they tried to catch him red handed. He was just hanging out in a book store, working on his laptop, when out of nowhere he's tackled to the ground. He didn't even have time to close his laptop. Even whole-disk encryption doesn't do much good if they tackle you while you're logged in. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:44:20
Exactly. Make a few hundred on Bitcoin? Nobody is going to care if you just spend that at Overstock.com and forget it existed. Make a few hundred thousand on Bitcoin? The IRS is GOING TO CARE, and it's not worth it to try to avoid paying tax on it. 
Like a lot of us on here, I have a few BTC myself. I have a lot of hope for Bitcoin, and I also see it as a speculative investment. If Bitcoin really takes off, I will make some good money off of it. But you know what? If that happens, I won't mind paying taxes on it. This is income I earned sitting on my ass. I just bought something, held it, and sold it. The system even works in our favor, taxing capital gains at a much lower rate than income earned through actual physical work.
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:31:47
It's all about the recurring buys. A lot of porn sites operate by monthly subscriptions. A lot of times this is done in sleazy ways. The might say, "enter your credit card now, only $5 for instant access!" Then buried at the bottom of the page in tiny print it says, "by entering payment info, you agree to a $30/month subscription from now until you cancel."
You can't pull off this sneaky behavior with Bitcoin. Transactions are one-off and have to be initiated by the customer. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:32:06
Meh, I'm not worried about that. That's the definition of entrapment and impossible to convict. 
Now, entrapment isn't as broad as some people think it is. It's pretty specific. It's only entrapment if no crime would have occurred without the government acting.
For instance, a classic case is police busting johns who are trying to pick up hookers. They'll get some female officer to dress as a prostitute and arrest anyone who tries to hire her. Some of them inevitably claim, "oh! This is entrapment!" This doesn't work, however, as the crime was going to occur whether the cop was there or not. The guy was driving around looking for a hooker, and he just happened to pick up a cop. If not her, it would have been someone else.
An example where it WOULD be entrapment is if a cop, dressed as a hooker, just knocks on your door and says "hey, I'm really desperate for money, and I can't afford rent this month. Is there any way I could get you to help me out?" In this case, you had no intention of committing a crime, the police created the entire situation, and it's entrapment.
Here, with what this person proposed, even if it was the FBI, I believe this would not hold in court. I'm simply minding my own business, giving zero intention of wishing to participate in illegal activities, when a Federal agent does the digital equivalent of knocking on my door.
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:32:22
I think I just figured out the most abusive, wasteful use of Bitcoin ever: torrents over Bitcoin!
Create a program that converts any file into a series of microtransactions, each signed with a few bits of data. Then it sends millions of transactions, transferring the file one tiny bit at a time!
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:34:01
I know! My boss was so pissed when I set up a meth lab in one of the empty offices. I mean, we're not even using it! What a waste! :P
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:13:33
What? Why? Shouldn't the long-term capital gains rate by 15%?
@_date: 2014-01-15 04:06:59
But they don't, because that tanks the price and screws up their sell off. The early whales will slowly cash out, distributing their sells to keep the price from dropping.
@_date: 2014-01-10 16:02:34
It's about supply and demand. Currencies are subject to supply and demand just like any other item. 
Imagine if, for some crazy reason, everyone in the United States wakes up tomorrow and decides, "I'm going to put every penny of my bank account in to Bitcoin."
What happens? Everybody and their grandma goes out to buy Bitcoin. The price of Bitcoin shoots to millions of dollars a coin, and the value of the dollar plummets to nothing. Everyone is looking to sell dollars and buy Bitcoins, so the price of each, in comparison to other goods, radically changes. A single Bitcoin buys you a house in Beverly Hills. A cheeseburger cost $10,000.
This is what is meant my wealth transfer. Now, this is obviously an extreme example. We're not likely to have a run on the dollar any time soon, but the same principle does apply, just on a much smaller scale.
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:10:07
I mean, sure, if Bitcoin or another currency ever got to the point of being a universal thing accepted everywhere for anything, then the major economies would absolutely dominate it. This early on, however, it's not about raw population or gross GDP, but about which country has the strongest incentive to adopt it. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:07:35
Pfft? Puberty? I'm big in to Bitcoin, and I've literally gone through puberty twice!
@_date: 2014-01-15 21:15:17
Exactly. In fact, I'm trying to get some buys done before then because the price could shoot up after January 31st. Once everyone sees the world isn't ending, I could see the price shooting up fast.
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:18:22
Destroying Bitcoin is NOT in the banks' or the US government's best interest. 
If Bitcoin becomes widespread, you can count on the banks getting in on the action. The biggest problem with mass-market Bitcoin use is the high barrier to entry and the difficulty for individuals to protect coins against loss, theft, and hackers. The methods many people currently use, such as keeping wallets in a dedicated, offline linux box are NOT going to work for the average person out there. 
People simply aren't willing to put in that much effort. The banks could easily offer secure and insured Bitcoin storage. Imagine if your bank operated an account like Coinbase. But, because the bank has physical branches, they offer an extra feature. They let you store coins in a vault/savings account that you can only withdraw from by visiting in person. This wouldn't be great for everyday transactions, but it would be a godsend for people who want a low-tech solution to secure and protect their coins from hackers. 
Wall Street is already getting in on the Bitcoin game. Look at all these new startups springing up. Somebody has to fund and invest those.
And what of the US government? The US stands to gain more than any other from the adoption of Bitcoin. China and Russia are concerned about capital flight. The US is where capital flees to. And even more importantly, the nexus of Bitcoin development and mining has been in the US. Just look at all the people who have posted here asking for capital gains tax advice.
Imagine if Bitcoin were to succeed wildly and go to 100k a coin. A whole lot of early investors will be wanting to cash out a good chunk of their holdings. The current market cap of Bitcoin is ~ $10 billion. At $100k/coin, that level would be $1 trillion. Say half of this was US investors. They would collectively owe perhaps $100 billion in capital gains taxes. Even if a good percent try to evade paying taxes, you're still talking about tens of billions of tax revenue the government stands to make from Bitcoin if it does "go to the moon."
Liberal or conservative, politicians love "free" money. Liberals can use it to funds pet social projects, conservatives to fund tax cuts. Every politician would love to get a piece of that revenue.
If Bitcoin goes mainstream, based solely on the US's status as an early-adopter nation, the US stands to gain more than any other. Capital flight isn't a concern, and it would be a boon to national wealth and thus the domestic economy. 
It's in the interest of the banks and the US government to not see Bitcoin fail.
@_date: 2014-01-03 14:07:26
I store my private wallet keys on worthless gold coins. It's so convenient!
@_date: 2014-01-05 19:10:41
The simple truth is that such high levels of computer security just aren't needed for regular fiat currency. The downside of fiat currency and banks is that you have to trust a central authority. The upside is that reversible transactions are far, far more intrinsically secure from hackers than irreversible transactions. 
While you often hear stories about online banks being hacked, the number of people who get their accounts cleared out is actually astonishingly small. It turns out than even if you have access to someone's online bank account, there's not a whole lot you can do with it. If you initiate a transfer to your own account, you suddenly have to reveal your identity, and the transaction will just be reversed. You could go and purchase stolen goods with a copied or stolen debit or credit card, but now your face is on a bunch of security cameras. You could institute an international wire transfer, but this usually requires showing up at the bank in person and filing out a form.
How most identity thieves actually make money off of hacked accounts is by recruiting greedy idiots. They'll put an add up on Craigslist or other sites for a "money processing job", "work from home job", etc. They'll tell the rube that they're going to send him $9,000, and he just needs to send a wire transfer to this other account, and he can keep 10% for the trouble. It seems sketchy, but the greedy idiot will assume he's somehow participating in money laundering. Once he signs up, he receives a $9,000 transfer from a hacked account, and he sends out an $8,100 transfer. The $9,000 transfer will be reversed, his $8,100 won't since he actually did initiate it himself. The person with the hacked account is fine. The only person who is robbed is the greedy rube.
Anyway, the point is that actual account security just isn't as big a deal for centrally controlled fiat currency than it is Bitcoin. Is it easy to hack online bank accounts? Absolutely, but the system is so reversible that it really doesn't matter. 
This is the central problem we have. All of our computer infrastructure and user knowledge base have been built around a reversible fiat currency system. Now Bitcoin comes along, which actually requires true security, and the entire system is unprepared.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:28:31
All markets are dominated by emotion. You can see this even in extremely mature markets like the NYSE. Look at how the market swings wildly with bull and bear markets. People routinely buy stocks when they are rising and panic sell when the market goes down. If you were a purely rational actor, you would see a stock market crash as the perfect time to buy, but everyone is far more concerned about getting out of the market than buying stock for bargain basement prices.
@_date: 2014-01-03 03:25:38
Even 1 or 2% would be amazing.
@_date: 2014-01-13 23:21:55
People always remember QE, but they forget about the housing bubble. We had trillions of dollars of wealth that was tied up in house prices just disappear. That's massive deflation. In such a massive deflationary environment, there's plenty of room for QE without triggering net inflation.
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:34:18
Absolutely, and I think this may be the ultimate incarnation of the Bitcoin technology. Ultimately, this would represent the end of currency as we know it. 
All currency, no matter the source, has always been backed ultimately by faith. If it's gold, silver, or precious gems, people have faith that those things will always be valued. If it's fiat currency, it's backed by faith in a government to not print more. 
I would use your idea, but take it a step further. Actually back these coins by something. In fact, make them backed by something very specific. Make one coin of a company's be directly equal to one share of that company's stock. Allow anyone at any time to exchange a whole coin for one of the company's shares. Set them completely equal to each other.
Imagine if when I went and bought something at the store, I could pay with a tiny fractional ownership of some company. I could pay for a cheeseburger with one fifty billionths of Walmart's total market value. I could buy my groceries with a three billionth ownership share of Berkshire Hathaway. Or, I could make purchases with a fraction of one share of a Vanguard Index Fund.
Stocks are great. They directly represent real ownership of an actual, tangible thing. They represent factories, people, hierarchies, ideas, revenue, land, and all the things that give a company value. I love stocks. 
The problem is that they're very difficult to exchange. Transaction costs are very high, and it's very difficult to exchange small amounts. Moreover, transaction times are long and only available during certain hours of the day. 
What if you could combine a stock exchange with blockchain technology? You could have coins representing any company you wished. At a store, you could pay with microshares of any company you wished, and the store could run them through a payment processor which immediately converted those microshares to dollars or ownership shares in whatever company that store desired. 
No more would currency be backed by wishes and demands. Currency would be backed by real direct equity shares of major corporations. This currency would be neither inflationary nor deflationary. It would simply keep its value with GDP over time.
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:34:24
Exactly. Stick with the big ones. I own mostly Bitcoin, but I also own small amounts of a few others. However, my rule for buying an altcoin is that it has to have some sort of potential technical advantage over Bitcoin. Maybe Bitcoin will end up being the standard forever, or maybe some other coin will come along with some new technical advantage and replace Bitcoin. I don't mind buying some new coin if it has the potential to replace Bitcoin, but I'm not going to buy some new coin only because it's new or because it's easier to purchase a large number of them.
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:16:09
This doesn't apply to Argentina. Buenos Aires is hardly some third world slum. 
@_date: 2014-02-15 22:37:44
Well for me it's the first one. So :P
Was there last June doing just that! T_T
@_date: 2014-01-13 21:23:45
Suddenly, I'm imagining Satoshi as a pasty white dude sitting in a room, with huge stacks of paper wallets piled to the ceiling just laying everywhere. He only keeps a few coins on each! He's sitting there thinking, "why the hell would I take Bitcoin, I have more of that shit than I know what to do with!"
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:38:44
Weird. I was about to reply, "you still need a bank account to pay your taxes."
Then I was curious, so I did some googling. I found [this]( 


Apparently you can just show up at the IRS office with a suitcase full of money and pay your tax bill. Who knew? T_T
@_date: 2014-01-03 14:04:10
I actually just put most of my coins into cold storage on Wednesday. I used paper wallets with online backup. Here's the method I used:
1. Went to bitaddress.org and saved a copy of the site.
2. Downloaded ubuntu and set up a live USB key.
3. Downloaded a copy of truecrypt for linux.
4. On an offline computer, I ran ubuntu from the live USB key. I then installed truecrypt and set up my printer on it. I transferred the truecrypt installer and bitaddress htm file via a newly formatted second usb key.
5. I used bitaddress to generate some paper wallets. I printed the paper wallets to serve as my primary means of accessing the coin. The wallets themselves are encrypted via an easy to remember password. I printed out three copies of each wallet and put them around my house.
6. I printed out a copy of the paper wallets to pdf.
7. I created a truecrypt file container, sealed with a very long, difficult to remember password. I then placed this container on a second usb key.
8. I took the second usb key to an online computer and uploaded it to my google drive. 
9. Once the addresses were all set up, I transferred my coins from coinbase to these paper wallets. 
This is a bit convoluted, but it meets all my requirements. I want a secure backup wallet that protects from hackers but also protects from loss and damage of paper wallets.  
If a thief broke in to my house, he might find the paper wallets, but even then he would have to know what they are, and even then he would have to somehow guess the password. It's a short, easily remembered password, not great for online security, but good enough to protect against the very unlikely event of a physical break-in. I'm much, much more concerned about online hackers than a physical attack. Even if a thief physically broke in and managed to steal one of the wallets, I would likely be able to transfer the coins off the paper wallets before he could figure out how to crack the password.
The online copy is the most vulnerable, so therefore I've gone to great lengths to secure it. I still insist on having it, as it protects against fire, theft, damage, and accidental loss. In order for a hacker to get access to my online coins, they would have to:
1. Know I have coins and know my email.
2. Know my email password.
3. Get through the two-factor identification on my gmail account. (When I log into my account at a new location, it sends a code to my phone via text message.)
4. Find the truecrypt archive inside my giant pile of files.
5. Crack a very, very long password. 
The actual truecrypt archive was set up in an offline computer with a just then installed ubuntu live CD. 
Unless the NSA personally came to my house and installed a hardware keylogger and wireless chip in my laptop, that archive is secure. And if that's the case, well I think I have bigger problems. :P
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:20:07
Edison mined thousands of different cryptocurrencies before discovering Bitcoin. Persistence pays off!
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:13:48
Not much. I was just toying with him. Not only is the concept of "clean" Bitcoins a bit silly, but even if you wanted to, this would be a horribly stupid way of doing it. Yeah, let's send an archived message to a random stranger on a public website that I need to clean drug money! That's a great idea!
Even if for some reason he didn't want to use a tumbler, the best way to do this would just be to use localbitcoins. Slowly trade the Bitcoins for cash, then buy more Bitcoins with that cash if you want to keep the funds as coins. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 23:00:48
Now if you REALLY want a convoluted method:
1. Print out paper wallet to pdf. 
2. Put pdf in truecrypt volume. Make truecrypt volume from .txt file.
3. Open .txt file. 
4. Print the txt file as a pdf.
5. Encrypt that in another truecrypt file.
6. Repeat until the file size is at least 1 TB!
@_date: 2014-01-06 13:09:36
Anybody want to join in on a daring plot to social engineer our way to getting the private key to the FBI's Bitcoin wallet?
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:47:33
Bitcoin itself is deflationary, however, it's also a free market currency. This allows something very interesting. 
If you reach a point where coins are no longer being generated, and too few coins are being hoarded instead of traded, there's nothing stopping anyone from just creating another block chain. This could be a direct copy of Bitcoin, a Bitcoin2, or it could be an altcoin. 
No one can force people to accept these currencies, but an open market can exist to trade amongst them. The relative value of each currency is then simply set by supply and demand. 
There's no limit to the number of blockchains and thus number of coins that can be created. However, you can't just create a blockchain and give it value by fiat. Supply and demand have to give the coin its value.
@_date: 2014-01-05 00:22:14
Bitcoins can only exist because of the internet. Do you need me to remind you how the internet came about?
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:48:26
Again, you need to distinguish some libertarian ideal from the real world. Like it or not, there are strict laws against money laundering. No, you can't legally accept large amounts of anonymous cash. That is the law of the land. You can wish it was some other way if you would like, and you can even try to change it, but the law is the law.
It's very similar to selling drugs. Yes, you can argue that people should have a right to do what they want with their own bodies, but until that law is changed, don't be surprised if you end up in jail for selling drugs.
Bitcoin has a strong libertarian philosophy behind it, but it is VERY important for anyone actually involved in Bitcoin-based businesses to not get lost in the theoretical. If you violate the law, the judge is not going to give a damn whether you think the law is just or not. 
Now I think you're just feigning ignorance here. You're saying, "oh what could possibly be suspicious about accepting huge amounts of cash?" But if you actually think that will fly in court, you're a fool. 
Like it or not, we have laws against money laundering. These laws are designed to prevent people from hiding the profits of their illegal businesses. With anonymous cash purchases, it's trivially easy to hide drug profits with Bitcoin. All you have to do is use your drug cash to buy Bitcoin, run your coins through a tumbler, then claim you earned the coins through mining, day trading, or gambling. It's money laundering made easy, and you can bet your ass the state and federal governments are going to do everything they can to prevent it.
Again, I'm not saying these laws are ideal or just from a philosophical sense, but as practical reality, you need to protect yourself. If someone comes on here asking for advice about operating a Bitcoin business, we need to let them know the actual legal realities, not just say, "Bitcoin freedom forever!!! Down with the government!!" Simply believing or speaking such things is fine, but if you try to base your business off of some libertarian utopian ideal, not the actual law, you are going to end up spending a very long time in prison.
@_date: 2014-08-26 18:12:19
The discount was probably only available on a handful of items of their choosing, likely ones that haven't been selling well and they want to clear out of their warehouse.
@_date: 2014-01-31 22:17:44
What are you talking about? Haven't your read Satoshi's white paper? Killing the Jews, conquering Eastern Europe for living space. It's all in there. Haven't you been paying attention? Everyone's always talking about hating the Jewish bankers, haven't you got the memos?
Ugh. Newbs!
@_date: 2014-02-22 17:35:29
I'm not impressed. See better ones when I put on my bra each morning. :P
@_date: 2014-02-22 19:42:49
Pfft! 
Bullshit! ;P
@_date: 2014-01-10 20:50:13
Then you would still lose the advantage of most of your wealth. You would be better off just reporting the income, paying your taxes, and doing things legally. Plus, it is inevitable that at some point you are going to screw up. Do you really want to live your entire life, looking over your shoulder, knowing that at any moment you could be arrested, convicted, and sent to prison? Is saving on taxes really worth risking losing out on years of seeing your family? You're willing to risk your entire life just to save sending 20-30% from Uncle Sam?
If so, I think you really need to reanalyze your priorities in life. There's more to life than money. It's just not worth it.
@_date: 2014-01-01 19:58:51
Yup. First rule of gift cards is to spend them immediately on something you can use the entire balance on. I'm fond of using them to pay utility bills. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:07:21
I did not accuse you of being a drug dealer, I was clearly speaking metaphorically. 
Again, are you really so dense you can't see that there's something fishy about accepting huge amounts of anonymous cash? This is downright cliche. Hell, there's even a [TV tropes article about it!]( 
Large amounts of cash are universally regarded as suspicious. Why? Because at the end of the day, cash is risky. If I'm going to buy a car, I'm going to write them a check and wait for it to clear. Yes I could bring $10-20k in cash to the dealer, but I run the risk of being robbed while I'm on the way and losing it all. Dealing with large amounts of cash is inherently risky, and most people assume that if you're going to all the trouble to use the risks of large amounts of cash, then you must have something to hide.
Really, it would be like walking into a business wearing a ski mask. There are some places this is legal, some places it's not. But even if you're in an area where it is legal, store owners will be incredibly hesitant to do business with you. Wearing a mask suggests that you have something to hide, and it's sketchy as hell. Nobody wants to put themselves at risk to do business with you.
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:03:11
Exactly. Say I put $1000 USD into Bitcoin when it was 25 cents, and let's suppose that somehow I had the discipline to not sell any until the present. With BTC now at ~$825, that $1000 would now be worth $3.3 million.
This is an absurd amount of money. This is more than someone with the median US household income makes over their entire lifetime. Unless someone is already pretty wealthy, this amount of money is absolutely life changing. 
So sure, maybe they want to keep a good chunk in Bitcoin. But who here could honestly say that if you had that kind of money, you wouldn't cash out half of it? I certainly would. Keep half in BTC to ride future growth, cash half out and put it into stock index funds, bond funds, and a really nice fully paid for house. 
That example was imaginary, but I can mention mine as well. I've taken the semi-risky position of buying BTC on credit. I've bought some bitcoins with money I borrowed on 0% interest for a year balance transfer cards. It's not an amount I can't afford to pay back if Bitcoin tanks, but it's still borrowed money.
I bought my coins from early December to early January. The cards have zero percent interest for 12-18 months. What will I do when interest starts accruing? Well I'm going to pay off the cards. I'm going to sell however many Bitcoins I need to pay off what I borrowed, and then I'm going to keep the rest. If Bitcoins have gone up substantially, say 3-10 times, I'll also take out enough to buy myself something nice, maybe a new computer. The idea being that even if this thing tanks, at least I got something positive out of it. 
After that, I plan to just hold the coins long term. If our wildest dreams come true and the value continues to rise, I'll end up making a life-changing amount of money. If not, oh well. From time to time, I will take out some BTC to purchase more conservative investments, but at no point will I take out more than say, a quarter of the amount of BTC I'm currently holding. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:53:38
It depends on the laws of your state. I imagine if you're just buying something with coins, it's not a problem, but this isn't what's going on here. There are a lot of people who operate small businesses off of localbitcoins. They'll just repeatedly buy coins from Bitstamp and then sell them for a markup in exchange for cash.
This is where the libertarian ideals of the Bitcoin community crash head on into the actual legal realities of our country. You can believe whatever you would like, and believe that things should be this way or that, but if you want to stay out of prison, you better be careful to obey the law.
The law requires people engaged in money transmitting businesses to follow certain licensing and registration procedures. This might not be in line with your philosophy, and you're free to call the law unjust if you would like, but the judge does not care. If you violate the law, you WILL go to prison. Yes, the system is corrupt as hell, and major banks have gotten away with all sorts of things, but you are not a major bank. You do not have the resources to bribe your way past justice.
So yeah, should anyone really be surprised by this? There are people on local Bitcoins taking tens of thousands of dollars in cash from anonymous people, never asking for ID, and not complying with the law. What did they think was going to happen?
@_date: 2014-01-06 16:38:29
So can the Silk Road!
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:49:19
That only tells you the bitcoin address. The NSA doesn't give a rat's ass about bitcoin addresses. They want to know what IP address is associated with what bitcoin address, and in turn, what real life person is connected to each Bitcoin address. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 02:23:00
I could easily see a bank not caring that much. You're walking into a building absolutely bristling with high definition security cameras. They have cameras out front recording your plate number. If you walk in and withdraw someone else's account, your picture will be in the town paper and the even news within 24 hours. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:14:16
Tell that to Al Capone.
@_date: 2014-01-05 08:09:38
Yeah it can seem meaningless at first, but this instant conversion is actually a very elegant way to bootstrap the currency. Eventually as things grow, people make more and more direct bitcoin transactions. Maybe one day that sandwich shop realizes, "hey, our landlord accepts Bitcoins, the grocery store accepts Bitcoins, and the utility company takes Bitcoins. Let's accept some of our customers' payments directly in Bitcoins, and we can save on the conversion fees!"
@_date: 2014-01-11 15:34:44
As long as governments don't start issuing debts denominated in Bitcoins, this isn't a problem.
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:56:41
Your missing step there is 
....Paul Krugman gets a sex change...
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:37:35
Seriously. If the market price is $1000/coin, they could set the auction reserve at $700. Why wouldn't they? This gives plenty of incentive for people to buy them, but they won't be giving them away either. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:52:01
Considering that these sites have essentially the entire travel agent industry, I suppose it makes sense.
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:42:18
If you had bought AOL stock when it was first offered, and kept it until they were finally bought out by Time Warner, you would have done quite well.
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:34:01
Some people make their entire livelihood off of buying and selling physical objects from flea markets, craigslist, and freecycle. All they do is buy low and sell high. They'll buy something from someone who just wants it gone today and wait until a high-paying buyer comes along.
There's nothing wrong with making a living from arbitrage, but these people need the same government services as anyone else. You have to tax secondhand sales, otherwise traders would pay no taxes at all.
Secondly, you have to tax capital gains to keep people from gaming the system. Instead of paying me a salary, my company could simply agree to pay massively inflated prices for worthless consumer goods. Instead of receiving a paycheck every two weeks, every two weeks I go buy a pack of gum and sell it to my employer for the an amount equal to my current salary.
Capital gains taxes exist because they're necessary if you want to have an income tax. Now if you're one of those fools who says, "all taxes are theft!!!", well you're beyond logic and there's no point arguing with you.
@_date: 2014-02-27 14:59:32
It does sound fishy, but man that does sound like a good idea for a company.
Cryptocurrencies are great, but there's a high potential for user error and a high vulnerability to hackers. Insurance companies normally serve two purposes. They insure risk, but they also help companies to minimize risk. A property insurance company will insure a building, but they'll also require the owners to have a sprinkler system. They insure risk, but they also educate and instruct the customer on how to minimize risk.
Such a business could work great with Bitcoin. There's a lot of institutional knowledge that needs to be built up on how to safely handle cryptocurrencies and protect them from loss and theft. Proper generation and storage of paper wallets, properly designed exchange software, properly secured computers. Cryptocurrencies have a steep learning curve, and an insurance company could really help companies to make this climb safely.
I don't know anything about this particular company, but I do think the concept of a crypto insurance/security consulting business is a fantastic idea.
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:37:09
It's ok, I bought more at 675, so I'm not too worried. Again, I'm expecting volatility, so no huge surprise. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:20:21
Looks like Keanu Reeves. T_T
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:39:09
Then again, the whole point of an investment is to be able to later purchase depreciating assets with it. Owning Google or Tesla stock doesn't bring me any joy, happiness, or pleasure. It's just a means to an end. Making a bunch of money off Google or Tesla stock, then purchasing a Tesla car, a house, or a nice vacation? That does bring me some utility. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:25:45
[Here's the pic!]( You can tell it's real by analyzing the pixels.
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:57:51
You're not helping. :/
@_date: 2014-02-20 18:40:05
Gox buying coins from Gox does them no good. They would have to buy coins from other exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-15 21:34:50
The first? It's a great place to get a vagina installed!
@_date: 2014-01-11 04:20:35
Yeah I have all mine moved out of coinbase. I moved a tiny amount to another exchange where I could play a bit with day trading, but 95%+ I have in cold storage on paper wallets. I don't mind keeping a little bit of funds in a hot wallet, but any substantial amount I was to keep offline. Even with two factor authentication, I don't trust Coinbase or the safety of my Windows based computer enough to prevent hackers from robbing me.
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:08:17
Good. I don't see how you could do it any other way. Otherwise anyone could totally game the system. Imagine if they gave refunds for the exact number of bitcoins you paid with. Just follow these steps to rip off overstock:
1 Purchase gift cards to overstock.com with bitcoins, say 1 BTC worth.
2a If price of Bitcoin goes up, demand a refund of your bitcoins. Get 1 BTC as refund.
2b If the price of Bitcoin goes down, sell overstock gift cards on gift card resale sight, convert to fiat.
3 Take money earned in step 2b, buy &gt;1 Bitcoins at lower price.
Repeat 1-3 until Overstock stops refunding in Bitcoins.
If you allowed refunds for the same number of Bitcoins, people would abuse it. If the price of Bitcoin goes up, they get to keep the appreciation gains. If the price of Bitcoin goes down, they get to increase the number of coins they hold. Anyone could use this to effectively steal money from Overstock.
@_date: 2014-01-05 03:55:06
In the movie version, it will Keanu reeves, born to a dirt poor family, making millions on Bitcoin and going on years-long quest to track down the mysterious Satoshi.
After years of searching to the ends of the earth, Keanu comes to a monastery high in the Himalayan mountains. He spends months fasting and meditating with the monks, after being promised that this will reveal the secret of Satoshi. Finally, after a long struggle, the head monk tells Keanu, now starved, thin, but at the peak of enlightenment, 
that it is time.
He leads Keanu to a deep inner sanctum of the temple. The room is circular, with a round pit at the very center. The monk tells him, "sit, look in the pit, and Satoshi shall be revealed to you."
Keanu hesitantly does, his long quest finally over. He looks in the pit, and discovers it is a well. A few feet below is a pool of crystal clear water. In it, he sees his own reflection. A single tear rolls down his eye, and Keanu tells the monk, "I understand. Satoshi is in all of us. He lives in us all." The monk simply smiles and nods.
Keanu quietly packs up and says his goodbyes. The movie ends with him walking away, far into the distance of a Himalayan sunset.
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:39:47
Female Bitcoin user reporting in! T_T
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:06:30
Exactly what I would expect from someone of such wondrous intellectual caliber. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:25:53
Republicans of Reagan era were certainly big government. The only issue they were small government for is when it involved transfer payments to poor people. For everything else, they were pro big government.
-Military spending: Reagan Republicans were absolutely pro big government.
-Abortion: Reagan Republicans were absolutely pro big government.
-LGBT rights: Reagan Republicans were absolutely pro big government.
-Taxes: in favor of cutting those taxes that fall hardest on corporations and the wealthy, in favor of raising those taxes that fall hardest on working class people (payroll taxes.)
About the only other areas I can think of that Reagan Republicans were small government was with regards to environmental regulation. 
Overall the pattern is clear. If being "small government" on an issue helps big business and the wealthy, then Reagan was for it. If being "small government" on an issue increased individual liberty or helped working class people, Reagan Republicans opposed it.
@_date: 2014-02-10 00:57:24
Using Google a small google online wallet would allow practical microtransactions. It's hard to send people a few pennies worth of Bitcoin because the transaction fees would vastly exceed the payment. Transfers off the blockchain get around this. 
You could send say, $20 worth of Bitcoin to your Google hot wallet. Then, when you want to tip a youtube vid, you could send them a nickel or a dime worth of Bitcoin. This wouldn't be an actual blockchain transaction. Rather, Google would just have one big wallet or series of wallets, with Google's software assigning a certain balance to each Google wallet. When I send a dime from my hot wallet to your hot wallet, no actual block chain transaction takes place, rather, Google just adjust balances in their own table. 
This makes microtransactions and tipping a real possibility. There is currently no way to send very small tips to people for making an awesome youtube video, writing a great web article, etc. Bank transfers are obviously out, and credit card and paypal fees are impractically large. Even Bitcoin on-blockchain transaction fees make this currently impossible. But Google hot wallets could finally make microtransactions and tipping, one of Bitcoins killer apps, a real possibility. 
Additionally, this helps keep down block chain growth and helps keep the overall size of the block chain down. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 00:05:25
If the price of transactions rise, then it will be easily possible to cover the funds to operate more nodes. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:16:36
You can trust me, I'm literally Mother Theresa. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 17:47:26
It's not about denominations and divisibility. It's about wealth distribution and market manipulation. If only a tiny, very small fraction of the currency is in active circulation, the price can be actively manipulated by a handful of whales with large holdings. A currency with a more even distribution could actually be more useful to people than a hyper-concentrated one. 
Additionally, various altcoins can implement various inflation levels. One altcoin might be designed with a 1% inflation rate per year, one with a 2% inflation rate, etc. Supply and demand can then adjust the relative price of each of these depending on market conditions.
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:32:30
The guy wasn't actually working for free. He was just charging less than what the machine charged.
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:25:07
[Here's a pic.](
@_date: 2014-02-13 02:08:48
If this sort of thing became common, eventually chip makers could just start including ASICs embedded right on the motherboards. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:59:04
The global economy is completely impossible without taxation.
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:28:03
Yup. Housing bubbles really aren't that hard to predict. There are some very easy, very reliable indicators you can use. For instance, compare median housing price to median income. If housing prices are skyrocketing, but incomes are also shooting up, the price increase is sustainable. If housing costs are skyrocketing, while incomes were remaining essentially flat, you know you're in a bubble. Ultimately house prices have to be supported by the wealth of the people who live in those houses. You can pump things up to the sky, but eventually they're going to come crashing back down.
@_date: 2014-01-06 17:58:32
Exactly! In fact, everyone PM me their private addresses. I'll secure them properly and serve as an offsite backup in case you lose them. Please send the unencrypted, because...umm...doing so will screw up the bytes. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:25:22
Also, don't forget media and ad hominem attacks. Look at someone like Edward Snowden. The media has spent far more time talking about the drama surrounding the individual who leaked the NSA documents that the damning information contained within them. Any real person releasing something groundbreaking often becomes the focus of attention. Instead of talking about Bitcoin, you would have news articles talking about the latest events in Satoshi's life. 
The media might not be able to discredit Bitcoin, but it's easy to vilify one man. Everyone has some skeletons in their closet. Anyone can be crucified if you dig deep enough into their background.
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:26:22
Well of course it would only be there if you want to use it. The bank could guarantee the funds in your savings account are safe from hackers, but if your computer at home gets hacked, and some thief drains your account, you can't expect the bank to reimburse you. The only way the bank could allow fully secure remote access is if they provided a dedicated computer or tablet to use. Your standard home computer is just too vulnerable to trust. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 17:38:13
If it was, it would have things like tumblers built right in to the blockchain. 
And it doesn't really matter how good any cryptocoin is at tax avoidance. You're only taxed on it when you sell it for fiat, so your actual transactions within Bitcoin are irrelevant. 
It doesn't matter how good your cryptocoin is. If you have even the perfect coin, make a million dollars worth with it, then trade those coins for a giant house, the government can still prove tax evasion. All they have to is say, "hey, your house here is worth X, you never paid income tax on this money. Off to jail with you!"
That's how they got Al Capone. He was a master at hiding his transactions and command structures. No one could ever prove he directly controlled any criminal enterprise. Rather, the government just added up all the value of his property, proved he paid income taxes on only a small fraction of this, and through his ass in jail. 
Cryptocoins are great for tax evasion, as long as you never plan on using them to purchase anything tangible. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 23:14:33
Yeah. And paper wallets aren't necessarily a solution. Sure, they protect from remote hackers, but they create their own problems. Paper wallets work great for an individual, because it's security through obscurity. Sure, there's some house out there with a thousand bitcoins sitting in a paper wallet, but you'll have to pour through 100,000 homes to find it.
But what if everyone knows pot dispensaries keep their coins in coin form? Then robbery becomes a problem. A brazen armed gang busts in at night, puts a gun to the owners head, and demands they send all their coins to the thieves' wallet. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 23:08:20
Could you make a coin algorithm that cycled through a whole bunch of different algorithms so it was impossible to optimize a single chip to a single algorithm? 
@_date: 2014-01-08 04:22:16
Yeah something like that. I'm not too picky about the exact amounts. We can put some in there for fees. It doesn't haveto increase by exactly the same percent, just that each round is 50-100% larger than the round before it.
I suggested we exponentially grow it from 0.01 to 10.0 bitcoins. Then, he sends me 2.5 bitcoins to close out a set of rounds. This represents my actual fee. Then, we start again at 0.01. The idea being, he never has to risk a large portion of the 1,000 bitcoins he claims to possess. If we got more comfortable with it, we could of course increase the ceiling with time .
@_date: 2014-01-09 23:08:28
Here's what I used:
1. Generate unencrypted paper wallets. 
2. Print to PDF
3. Save PDF in truecrypt encrypted volume with long, hard to remember password.
4. Physically print paper wallets.
Keep unencrypted paper wallets in a secure location. Keep encrypted files in the cloud.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:31:35
1. Buy or hook up camera.
2. Set up account on gay (assuming you're male) camming site.
3. Make dollars via camming.
4. Buy coins on coinbase with dollars.
5. Take a shower.
@_date: 2014-01-14 12:11:22
How about a bounty for a programmer to make a very user-friendly and stupid-easy version on peer2pool? Solve the 51% problem. Someone once posted offering to give coins for this, but as a single user, it was unknown whether they actually had the coins and intended to give them away. With this fund, you could set up a bounty and put a blurb on the sidebar about it. Once the program is made, we advertise the hell out of it, both here on reddit and other bitcoin forums. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:35:07
Could a system be implemented that only P2P mining apps running known open source software are allowed to mine? 
@_date: 2014-01-10 01:17:55
Not necessarily. A mature Bitcoin market will likely have a fully developed trading infrastructure around it, including the ability to short Bitcoins. A trading firm could make a massive bet against Bitcoin, then do a 51% attack. Faith in Bitcoin would plummet, and the price would fall like a rock. The trading firm then can collect on its shorting contract, making tons of money. 
The value of mining is proportional to the dollar value of all the Bitcoins you can mine in a given time. The value of shorting is proportional to the total value of all Bitcoins in circulation. 
Thus, if we reach a point where the number of new Bitcoins being mined is quite small, there will be far more money to be made shorting Bitcoins than mining Bitcoins. 
Under the right circumstances, a 51% attack can be profitable.
Or heck, you don't even need to directly make a profit from it. If Bitcoin ever did start directly threatening the major banks, and challenging their bottom line, why wouldn't Goldman et al just buy up a bunch of mining equipment and try to sabotage the blockchain?
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:25:34
I suppose, but this is little different than the bank. A gang of thieves can bust into your house at night, point a gun at your wife's head and say, "go to the ATM and withdraw as much cash as you can. If you don't come back or if we hear cop sirens, we'll blow her head off!" Other valuables like cash, gold, and jewelry can also be easily stolen.
And if you're really paranoid, you can always just keep the bulk of your coins in an encrypted wallet in a bank safe deposit box. This is just as secure as keeping your funds in a bank account. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:45:26
Like you received it through the Bitcoin tip bot?
The current price of Bitcoin can be seen many places, this among them:
To use it, you'll have to look at how the bot operates. There's a way to transfer it to an external account. If you want to cash it out, the easiest way would be to open an account at coinbase or some other exchange and receive a wire transfer to your bank account. If you would like to spend it, you can spend them in many places. Two of the bigger name places currently accepting them are tigerdirect and overstock.com.
Current market price would put a quarter of a Bitcoin at ~$200.
@_date: 2014-01-06 18:01:16
Oh man, we could do fractional voting! 
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:29:05
The only problem I see with this is, how do they convert those BTC to fiat?
In order to convert coins to dollars, they'll need to work with an exchange like BitPay or Coinbase. If the feds can lean on a large bank to prevent them from working with exchanges, why can't they lean on coinbase?
Also, to work with exchanges, you still need a fiat bank account. There are certain expenses, such as rent and utilities, that you have to pay in fiat, and when income tax season comes around, Uncle Sam doesn't take Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:11:58
Yo dog, I heard you like Bitcoin. So we wrote a book about Bitcoin and let you buy it with Bitcoin. That way you can learn how to mine Bitcoin from about Bitcoin that you paid for with your Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:22:51
Yeah. That's true. I bought my coins on Coinbase and sent them to a paper wallet. If I want to cash some out, I'll transfer them to a digital wallet and then sell them right back to Coinbase.
Yes, it's true that Coinbase will have a record of all transactions, but it's not so straight forward. When you withdraw from a paper wallet, you transfer the entire amount to an electronic wallet. So Coinbase won't show the coins being sent and coming back from the same address. 
Someone could use this system to create phony losses in the event Bitcoins go down. Just do the following:
1. Buy coins from Coinbase.
2. Transfer to paper wallet.
3. From paper wallet, sell on another exchange back to dollars. 
4. If the value of Bitcoins goes up, document both sides of the trade and you can show it was neutral. If the value of Bitcoins plummets, buy Bitcoins back at the cheap price on the second exchange and sell them at Coinbase. The Coinbase account will show a large loss, buying at a high price and selling at a low price.
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:39:29
All the miners are likely holding a substantial number of coins already. One of the greatest draws of Bitcoin is that there aren't an infinite number of them. This is why people are willing to consider them worth something.
All currencies are ultimately valued based on the faith people have in them. Government fiat currencies at least have a nation state behind them to shore things up, but currencies like Bitcoin have to rely ENTIRELY on faith. 
Allowing more and more coins beyond the original mechanism would totally undermine faith in Bitcoin. The miners wouldn't accept this as this would cause a permanent crash in the value of Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:20:25
Nah, call it:
**Titanic Investments**
What could go wrong?
@_date: 2014-01-08 04:10:16
I messaged him again, offering to do something like this, starting at 0.01  bitcoins. Let's see if he bites. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:05:29
You don't need a law to regulate murder? Really? Ok, so how do you define murder? Does it count as murder whenever you cause the death of another human being?
So if I plan it for weeks, shoot you, and dispose of your corpse, that's murder right?
What if I am just looking to hurt you a bit. Say we get in a drunken bar fight. Neither of us intend to kill the other, but I make an unlucky swing with a broken bottle, it severs your carotid artery, and you bleed out and die right there. Is that murder?
What if I'm driving down the road, but I happen to be drunk and speeding. You are crossing the street, I blow through a stop light and run you over. You die instantly. Is that murder?
What if I'm driving legally, but you are the one drunk. It's broad daylight, I'm stone cold sober and driving the speed limit. You walk off the curb right into the path of my car. I have zero time to stop. I hit and kill you. Is that murder?
What if I indirectly cause your death? Say I build a shoddy house and then sell it to you. Ten years later it collapses and kills you inside. Is that murder?
What if I only statistically contribute to your death? What if I operate a factory that spreads pollution into the air, and statistically increases the chance that any given person living nearby will die of lung cancer by 10%. You die of lung cancer, but it's impossible to prove if my factory was the cause. Is that murder?
Do you see the problem with your "statist" nonsense now? Even for something as simple as murder, which most would think would be the easiest thing in the world, it's incredibly complicated. Sure, a psychopathic serial killer is guilty of murder, but where is the line drawn? The reason we have the law is to provide a universal and fair standard applied everywhere. 
What happens without the law? Well we don't need to speculate or navel gaze at philosophy or theory. There are plenty of human societies without formal written legal codes. The vast majority of humans who have ever lived have lived in such systems. 
How did it work there? In a stateless, tribal society, what counts as murder? In such a society, if someone kills another, they simply drag him before the chief or whoever the richest, most powerful man in the village is. Or perhaps a council of elders decides on the spot. That person or persons arbitrarily decides what counts as murder and what the punishment should be. Better hope the chief likes you. The harshness of a punishment comes entirely down to how liked you are by the chief. No legal codes exist, so you are entirely at the mercy of an informal, ad hoc, kangaroo court.
@_date: 2014-01-01 19:22:44
What? How does that make sense? That horizontal line shows a whole bunch of wallets with the exact same amount of coins in them, with some of them not active for a long time and others active right now. I'm talking about the horizontal line right around 50.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:20:27
How does it work if you were to use borrowed money to purchase Bitcoin? 
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:36:02
And as a practical reality, how likely you are to get audited. 
For instance, say you make $50k a year ordinary W2 wages, and have the simplest return imaginable, a single filer who claims only the standard deduction. You make a modest amount in Bitcoins, only a few hundreds bucks and spend them on physical goods. Your chance of being audited is basically zero. Even if the IRS started auditing everyone who purchased coins on an exchange, the amount is so small as to not be worth the cost of auditing you.
Next, let's say you are already at high risk for an audit. You run your own business and claim all sorts of deductions. There's a good chance that at some point your books are going to be looked at. If the IRS audits you and finds you didn't report $5k in Bitcoin profits, you could be in trouble.
Finally, let's say you make a ridiculous amount in Bitcoins. You were an early miner and frequently talked with Satoshi on the original Bitcoin board. You've never actually bought Bitcoins, you mined all of yours, so there's no paper trail showing you have them. At the start of 2014, you're sitting on $4 million USD in Bitcoin and decide to cash out half of them. You don't want to pay taxes, so you make direct trades. You buy a $500k house in exchange for BTC. You furnish it with things from Overstock. You buy a Tesla for Bitcoins and a whole bunch of other things.
The only problem is you're a clerk at 7/11 who makes only $20k a year in wages. You're sitting there with a one to two million dollars in paid off, no-mortgage property and goods. The IRS won't find out about this right away, but the people around you will notice. They'll ask about how you made your money and why you're working at 7/11. Eventually someone who doesn't like you will report you to the IRS. Envy is a powerful thing, and the IRS offers rewards. If you report someone to the IRS, they give you a percent of all the back taxes they seize. 
The IRS will perform an audit based only on the value of all the stuff you own. You never paid taxes on any of it, so it's clear you somehow committed tax fraud. The IRS doesn't know whether you made your money through Bitcoin, drugs, or being a pimp, but honestly they don't care. You had income, you didn't report it, and now you're going for a nice long stint in federal PMITA prison. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:45:43
Colored coins?
More like *rainbow* coins!
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:16:51
Didn't you notice, he's actually been commenting here in this thread!
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:03:17
That's not to say someone can't operate a Bitcoin business. Rather, they simply need to register as a money transmitter and obey all the laws therein. I imagine this would include such things as actually knowing your customer, keeping logs, copying IDs, etc. If he was just accepting suitcases full of cash from anonymous individuals, what exactly did he think would happen?
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:53:03


This isn't really true. With conventional banks, you do have to give the merchant your whole account. To order a $25 item, I have to give out my account number, to either my entire bank account or to my full credit card borrowing ability. It is NOT easy to just create a disposable credit card or bank account number just for that transaction. By buying a $25 item, I put myself at risk for thousands of dollars of false charges.
With Bitcoin, this is easy. I can create a throwaway wallet and transfer in only enough from my main wallet to cover the cost of the purchase. If the merchant steals from me, it is impossible for them to steal any more than the amount of the transaction. By buying a $25 item, all I risk is $25.
@_date: 2014-01-14 03:34:08
How hard is it to ship goods out of the country? What's your proposal here? What would be the easiest good you can think of to ship physical goods out of the country that can easily be sold for cash? What about something like gold or silver? I'm thinking of goods that are easy to ship and easy to exchange for dollars. I owe a lot to Buenos Aires, went there myself almost two years ago. Beautiful city. Would love to help out if I can.
@_date: 2014-01-07 02:29:29
I like to live dangerously...I bought Bitcoins with borrowed money!!
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:56:42
Still takes time to clear. As a bank user, I also can't just lookup my account balance at any time. Sure, my online bank site lists a current balance, but this is somewhat fictional. Included in that balance are funds which have not cleared yet, and it does not include funds which have yet to clear.
Compare that to my Bitcoin wallet. I can know at any given time EXACTLY how much is in my account. The balance reflects all pending credits and debits. I don't ever have to worry about overdrafting my Bitcoins. 
Compare that to a regular bank? Well I also don't have to worry about overdrafts, but that's because I keep $1000 in my checking account for no other purpose than a buffer. I don't have any way of knowing exactly how much is in my account at any given moment, so I have to loan the bank hundreds of dollars to keep myself from getting overdrawn.
@_date: 2014-01-13 23:02:55
Yeah, those damn things are everywhere. Seeing them on r/economics was amusing. Seeing them on r/asktransgender was just inexplicable. T_T
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:19:00
Sure, I would gladly explain it all for a minor 5 BTC fee!
:P 
Anyway, I wrote a writeup of my method [here]( not long ago. Maybe this method was too involved for some, but I wanted a method that:
1. Gave me paper wallets I could keep at my house.
2. Provided a secure online backup that I was sure would not be compromised. 
3. Ensured that the addresses would be generated on a secure offline computer that I knew was not compromised with any malware or viruses. 
Do some research, make sure you know what you're doing. My method might be a bit overkill; you'll have to figure out how paranoid you are. Also be sure that for whatever method you choose, first verify that it works. Do a practice run with a small amount, say 0.01 BTC, send it to a paper address you generate, then retrieve it and send it back to coinbase. Make sure you completely know how to send coins to and remove them from paper wallets before moving large amounts around. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:20:11
Exactly. This is the answer. The only way an individual can currently make a profit from mining is if 
1) They use a computer they already own
2) They have free electricity
@_date: 2014-01-06 16:19:54
No I am not. I am still safely in my home, citizen.
Oh, by the way, remember that April 15th will be here before you know it. If you've earned any income by mining, selling, or trading Bitcoin or other cryptocoins, be sure to file and pay the proper taxes to the Internal Revenue Service. The Internal Revenue Service makes this very easy and convenient. All you have to do is fill out Form 1040. A copy of it can be downloaded [here](
Good day citizen.
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:16:22
If you have $100 million to launder, you have the money to use more exotic methods. For that kind of money, you can set up entire businesses for the sake of laundering money. Open a coin laundromat and stuff money in the coin machine. Open a bar, buy tons of cheap bottom shelf vodka, record sales far higher than occurred, stuff cash in the till, and pour the extra stock down the drain. Etc.
All things have their limits. You're going to have a very hard time claiming you mined $100 million in Bitcoins. However, if you only have a few thousand to a few million to launder, Bitcoins would be an excellent choice, but only if you can purchase the coins anonymously for cash.
@_date: 2014-01-10 20:14:57
I'm torn about this. On the one hand, I know that shorting for most markets is a very good thing. It helps ensure price stability and makes it easier for businesses to use. For example, a business could take Bitcoins and keep them as Bitcoins, but use trades to protect them from price swings. 
On the other hand, I fear the current system is fundamentally not designed to work if someone has a financial incentive to drive the price down. The prime protector against a 51% attack has been that miners would have just as much to lose as anyone if the price went plummeted.
Now, even with shorting, the major pools likely don't have much incentive to crash the price of Bitcoin. They can probably make much better money long term using that processing power to mine BTC than they would make crashing it.
But imagine if someone controlled GHASH.io, or some other major pool, but only for a short time. What if they only controlled it for a few hours, or a few minutes? Say a hacker took over the central computers controlling the network. He's only going to control it for a short time. He's not going to be able to mine a bunch of coins. What he could do, however, is attack the blockchain.
That's my nightmare scenario. A hacker places a massive leveraged short bet against the Bitcoin price, and simultaneously hacks a major mining pool. He only has control for a few minutes to a few hours, but he manages to do enough damage to completely tank the price of Bitcoin. Him and his group make a few million on their short contracts, but everyone else is wiped out.
@_date: 2014-01-13 02:20:18
What if someone like Vanguard started selling bitcoin or some other altcoin backed by shares of stock? That would be really interesting I think. If you're not familiar with Vanguard, it's a well known group of index funds. Imagine if they sold either colored bitcoins or some other altcoin, where one coin was directly equal to one share of their index fund. 
The coins could be divided into innumerable small pieces, and whenever you wanted to, you could trade one whole coin for one share of their index fund.
That would be really cool. Imagine paying for a cheeseburger, and when you do, you're paying with a very tiny ownership portion of thousands of companies. It would be like paying for goods and services with a tiny piece of the economy. 
Stocks are great, but the problem is, right now, it's impossible to use stocks as any kind of currency. The transaction costs are ridiculous, it takes many hours for a stock sale to go through, and the market is only open on bank hours M-F. 
But if you were to combine shares of an index fund with blockchain technology, suddenly you have something very, very interesting. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:34:01
Woah. I just thought of a rather evil idea for a virus. Instead of stealing Bitcoins to some outside wallet, it just deletes wallets whenever it can find them. Transfers can be traced and don't work if the computer is offline. But deleting coins increases the value of all coins the virus author is holding in a completely untraceable way.
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:58:29
It's all about the drugs. That's what makes it different. 
If you think about it, anonymous Bitcoin cash purchases are the perfect money laundering tool. 
1. Use cash to buy Bitcoins. 
2. Run them through a tumbler.
3. Transfer them to Coinbase or Bitstamp.
4. Sell them.
5. Report the income on taxes, pay taxes on them. If anyone asks, claim you got them through mining. 
This is why you can guarantee that the state and federal governments are going to crack down on anonymous Bitcoin purchases. You couldn't design a better money laundering system. 
Could you use other things to launder money? Sure, people have been laundering money for centuries and have used all sorts of methods to do it. In your iPhone example, a drug dealer could use their drug money to buy iPhones then open a store front selling the phones legitimately. This is doable, but it involves a ton of overhead and a ton of risk. You run the risk of someone auditing your books and asking where all these phones in your inventory came from. You have a business with a store front that just screams, "investigate me!" With Bitcoin, someone could easily just sell them and claimed they mined them. It's money laundering made easy.
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:35:02
I'm not sure in this case, but I know in certain cases you can. If you make a post on r/Bitcoin titled *"I hate the government for how it's treating Bitcoin, and I'm going to respond by assassinating the president. Here is my detailed plan for how I'm going to do it."*, I can guarantee that you will be receiving a knock on your door from some very unhappy Secret Service agents shortly.
I know at least in those cases they can get identifying information from reddit and your ISP, but I'm not sure what the threshold is for when they can do that. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 20:46:54
While we're at it, can someone photoshop Mark Karpeles refunding everyone's Bitcoins? You can dress him like a leprechaun, handing out coins from a big pot of gold. The whole thing is set in a frozen over Hell.
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:28:49
Indeed. I think in most cases existing laws already cover Bitcoin quite well. 
The only regulation I could see is strongly encouraging exchanges and online wallets to better protect against fraud. For instance, Federal laws require banks to be liable for thefts from accounts, not customers. If your account at the bank is hacked, the bank pays for it, not you.
If exchanges and wallet services were required to reimburse people for stolen coins, they might actually start taking account security seriously.
@_date: 2014-01-27 22:40:46
"Completely mold"? What are you smoking? 
Bitcoiners aren't asking the IRS or Congress to radically change a mountain of financial laws and rules for their benefit. They're just asking the IRS to publish a simple document stating how Bitcoins should be taxed according to current law. The law is ambiguous; it was written before cryptocurrencies were invented. 
Bitcoin can easily fit within current regulations. They don't need to rewrite any laws here. Bitcoin users just need a formal ruling on how Bitcoin should be classified according to current law.
@_date: 2014-08-27 12:48:45
Here's my convoluted method. I would split 100 coins into several smaller cold storage wallets using this method. This is what I use for my own backups.
1. On a fresh ubuntu live CD, on a computer not connected to the internet, run a copy of bitaddress.org. 
2. Use this to create a series of encrypted paper wallets. Print these out.
3. In addition, save these encrypted paper wallets as PDFs.
4. Take said PDFs, drop them in truecrypt archives with extremely long passwords, passwords which I do not use for any other online account, and which are completely dissimilar from any of my online passwords.
5. Drop these encrypted files onto my google drive.
6. Transfer coins to paper wallets.
There. Now I'm protected from virtually any form of failure. The primary storage method is physical paper wallets, secured only by an easy-to-remember password that I know I'll never forget. 
I'm protected from hackers because the only wallets with a simple password are physically stored in my house. I'm protected from random thieves breaking into my house and from house fires, floods, etc by having a digital backup available on the cloud.
The cloud copy might seem vulnerable, but it really isn't. To get it, first you have to hack into my google account. I have this secured by third party device authentication. I know this isn't perfect, but it's still pretty good. Second, if you manage to hack into my gmail, you have to know that some of the many files I have in my google drive are actually truecrypt archives. Third, you have to somehow magically decrypt these truecrypt archives. The password is over 50 characters long. Good luck with that. Finally, even if you could miraculously do that, the wallet pdfs themselves are still encrypted via a simple password.
As for the random thief? First, my house itself is physically very difficult to break into. All the door jams are reinforced. For sound, energy efficiency, storm, and security reasons, I recently replaced every window in my house with [hurricane glass]( You can't break through these windows with a baseball bat. 
If someone manages to get in, well your average thief is going to be looking for cash, credit cards, electronics, etc. They're not going to even know what Bitcoin is. Even if they do, they won't be able to decrypt the paper wallets. And even if they happen to have a friend who is a master of cracking these things and can run them through a password cracker, even this will take time. Most likely, before he can crack the wallets, I'll have learned about the break-in, come home, printed off more wallets, and used the online backups to transfer the coins off of the old ones. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 11:59:41
Exactly. If Gox is honestly insolvent, they should halt all trading, apologize for it, and come clean. Then simply say, "we only have this many coins for this many balances. We're cutting everyone's account balance by x fraction, shutting down trading, and allowing people to withdraw what we have. Once withdrawals are finished, we'll be closing up shop."
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:38:25
Pfft, let it go to 100 for all I care. I'm looking to do a buy in the next few days. I'm in this for the long haul. I care what its price is five years from now, not what its price is tomorrow.
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:38:43
Exactly. There's no way double sign transactions would work. In another thread by this guy, someone even posted a link to instructions on how to use a coin tumbler, and the guy replied saying it was too complicated and he wanted a simple method.
It was ridiculous. The guy who claimed to have made 1000 coins "through tor" (whatever the hell that means), claims that he can't figure out how to use a coin tumbler.
Anyway, his response is predictable. If I told him to use a multisig transaction, he would just say it's too complicated, he doesn't understand it, and accuse me of trying to scam him.
@_date: 2014-01-09 22:37:04
Yup, it's the strangest investment I've ever done. It's an extreme gamble. I fully believe that within a few years, there's only two possibilities:
1. BTC is trading over a million a coin.
2. BTC is trading for pennies. 
I see it like a ball on a hilltop; it could roll in either direction, but it can't stay where it is. It's either going to become a massively adopted currency, or it's going to collapse and go to zero. It can't remain where it is right now forever.
So it's a gamble, and I realize that. Still, within the last month I've put about $10k into it myself. I have plenty of other much more conservative investments, and this is my crazy ambitious, "shoot for the moon" investment. If it goes to zero, I'll have lost the difference between buying an economy car vs. buying a luxury car. Big deal. If it goes to over 100k a coin, I'll retire before I'm 30. 
Big risk. Big return. I wouldn't put your life savings in it, but for those with the risk tolerance, it's not a bad choice. For comparison, yeah, I'm putting $10k into Bitcoins, but this year I'll be throwing 3-5x that on the most conservative investment I can think of, early mortgage principle payments. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:56:23
Sure, there are all sorts of scenarios where the price could crash, where it could crash permanently. Among these is that the banks and government could start cracking down on ownership of Bitcoin. The don't want the competition, so the government and media start attacking Bitcoin as a tool of drug smugglers, child pornographers, and human traffickers. Once the media has finished their hate campaign, public attitudes are sufficiently against cryptocurrencies that Congress can safely ban them. 10 year mandatory minimum sentence for anyone caught possessing or trading in Bitcoin. Overnight, the price crashes to a fraction of a penny, and shortly thereafter the exchanges themselves close shop.  
This is and always has been the nightmare scenario. Now, thankfully, it doesn't look like this is how things are going. Sure the banks could fight cryptocurrencies, but they're also exploring ways to make a profit off of it. Many people on this forum have brought up scenarios where the banks could make quite a bit of money offering hosted wallets, secure Bitcoin storage, Bitcoin exchanges, ETFs, etc. The banks could try to outlaw it, but why bother when there's a chance to make real money off of it?
So why aren't the Chinese banks doing this? China is trying to prevent capital flight, simple as that. The government has a huge problem where millions of newly wealthy business owners are just itching for any chance to get some of their wealth to safe havens out of the country. At the end of the day, China is still a Communist country, and your ability to hold on to your wealth is entirely dependent on how favorably you're regarded by the Party. It's also a country with a long history of instability and revolution. Finally, the country could be headed for a major real estate bubble collapse.
The Chinese government is concerned about capital flight, thus they crack down on it via any means possible. Bitcoin can certainly aid capital flight, thus their opposition to the technology.
@_date: 2014-01-15 23:02:25
I mean that is not their primary form of protection. Online bank accounts ultimately rely on reversible transactions, not computer security, to protect accounts.
Windows boxes are rooted and corrupted to tell. Phishing attacks and keyloggers are a constant threat. 2FA is bypassed all the time, even on sites like Coinbase. If banks had to rely on computer security, they would only allow online bank access from custom-built linux boxes provided directly by the bank. It would be the equivalent of having a miniature ATM in your house; they would not let people log in with the same windows box they download pirated movies and watch porn on.
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:25:18
My offer still stands sir! All you have to risk is $10. I'll gladly prove my intentions to you in any manner other than sending you coins in advance. I'll talk with you on skype, or whatever is needed to prove I'm telling the truth. However, I will not send money to a random stranger first. It's too easy to scam someone that way.
Consider this. You claim to have 1000 Bitcoins. Say we did this in a large number of ten Bitcoin transactions. If I forward 95% of the coins on to you, I will make a total of 50 Bitcoins. However, if on any of the transactions I don't forward the money to you, yes, I'll steal those 10 coins from you, but I'll miss out on all that potential revenue. It is literally in my best financial interest to not scam you and disappear with the coins that you send. As long as we do a large number of transactions, I'm better off being honest with you than cheating you.
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:22:25
Unless you somehow get free electricity, then yes, you've missed the boat. And doing this using electricity included with your rent is certainly of...dubious legality.
@_date: 2014-01-02 06:09:24
Yeah, I realized that later. TIL :P
@_date: 2014-01-27 22:51:16
Because in 1913 the duly elected representatives of the federal Congress passed the 16th amendment to the US Constitution. This amendment was passed by a 2/3 majority in both the House and Senate. It then went to the states for ratification, and the duly elected representatives of 3/4 of the states in the United States passed this amendment. The amendment was ratified according to the original requirements as laid out in the United States Constitution. 
The simple text of the amendment reads, *"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration."*
This is the Constitution that is the Supreme law of the land. This is the Constitution that establishes the entire governmental structure of the United States, and is the Constitution that affirms all of your individual rights and freedoms. It is because of this Constitution that your local city council and police can't just burst down your door at gunpoint and say, "MeanofPhidias. You know those Bitcoins you own? Those are OURS now!" This is the same Constitution that prevents the government from just throwing you in prison for criticizing their taxing authority in a public forum. This is the same Constitution that ensures that you weren't born into slavery as the legal property of another human being.
Don't like the IRS taxing income? FINE. You can organize a campaign to repeal the 16th Amendment. You have every legal right to do so. Hell, you can try to organize an amendment that would Declare Bitcoins to be the official legal tender currency of the US. The Constitution gives you that right.
You most likely won't succeed in this quest, but if ultimately, you still don't want to follow the Supreme Sovereign Law of this Land, you are free to leave. You are free to emigrate to whatever other country will take you, and you are free to renounce your citizenship by handing in your passport at the nearest US embassy. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:47:12
Exactly. This is why sites like Coinbase are so popular. They're in the US, they have an physical address, and we know exactly who these people are. Check out their [about]( page.
The reason this matters is because if Mr. White there one day decides to close up shop and run off with everyone's coins, he's going to be facing a very long time in Federal PMITA prison. This isn't some dealer from Craigslist. This isn't some shady exchange operating out of the former Soviet Block. 
Regulations might not have been written specifically to deal with Bitcoin, but theft is still theft. Fraud is still fraud. Just because you use a new technology to commit fraud doesn't mean you're any less guilty. 
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:41:04
Yes it would, because I'm still risking my own money here. You have a financial incentive to scam me.
I am proposing we do 100 small transactions of ten Bitcoins each. With each transaction, you send me 10, and I will send you 9.5. I have a strong incentive to not cheat you, as if I do, I will lose out on the vast majority of my potential profit. 
The method you propose, on the other hand, does give you the financial incentive to cheat. I send you one bitcoin and just hope that you will send me 1.6 back. I am proposing a trustless transaction, where both of us have a financial incentive to be honest. Your are proposing a trusted transaction, where I have to trust that you are honest. 
@_date: 2014-01-13 20:16:03
In many countries, it's not. It's the year 2013. Computers are smart enough to simply decline a transaction if there are insufficient funds in an account. The fine is completely unnecessary. Declining a transaction costs a bank nothing.
Yes, this can be avoided, but only by giving your bank a 0% interest loan. Because of the lethargic speed transactions are cleared, it's impossible to know exactly, to the penny, how much money is available in your account at any given time. Heck, even when you online bank account shows "funds available," this number is often fictitious. If I deposit a check, all I know is that those funds will be available some time within the next few days. If I make a purchase, I know that purchase will be charged some time within the next few days. The technology exists to do this all instantaneously, but the banks drag it out to make interest on the held money.
The only way to protect yourself against this is to keep a buffer in your checking account. As I cannot know how much is in my account at any given time, I keep a buffer in there, between $500-1000. The checking account pays little or no interest, but I need to keep those funds there just to protect myself from overdraft charges. Yes, you can avoid overdraft charges, but only by giving your bank a free 0% loan.
@_date: 2014-01-13 21:11:12
Who would have thunk it? Satoshi goes to all this trouble to remain anonymous for years, he becomes a multimillionaire from his Bitcoin holdings, then he throws it all away just for the sake of hawking a $30 hoodie!
@_date: 2014-01-21 21:01:42
An international turnkey Bitcoin remittance system. Right now Bitcoin can be used to send money internationally, but it's still expensive. Not as bad as Western Union, but still not ideal. The Bitcoin transaction itself is cheap, but buying and selling Bitcoins is expensive.
To keep it simple, you could get started by focusing on just two countries, say US-&gt;Mexico transactions. You have a site that connects to both Mexican and American bank accounts that you control. Then, when someone transfers money, they can simply deposit dollars in the US and pick up pesos in Mexico. Make it turnkey and a much lower cost than Western Union and bank wires. 
Localbitcoins and Coinbase are alright, but Coinbase only operates domestically, and Localbitcoins charges quite a hefty fee. If you set it up right, you could do quick dollars -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; peso transfer for a total of 1% fee.
You want to help Bitcoins? The Achilles heel of Bitcoin is the fiat to Bitcoin and back process. Find a way to do that cheap and easy, and you'll make a fortune.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:57:32
To our knowledge, no, but as Bitcoin grows, it's inevitable that it will happen eventually. Especially given Bitcoin's philosophical and political undertones, it's inevitable that some people will try to avoid paying taxes on their gains. 
Report it. Simple as that. Certainly do everything you can to reduce your tax bill, but don't just try to not pay. If they rule it's capital gains, structure your sells so you hold the coins long enough to qualify. Claim every expense you can, including  costs for computers, electricity, rent etc if applicable. But DON'T just blow the IRS off. 
If Al Capone couldn't get away with it, neither can you.
@_date: 2014-01-13 22:59:47
I have mine stored on a cloud site. I made some paper wallets using an offline ubuntu live USB key. I used a saved copy of bitaddress to make the paper wallets. I printed out the paper wallets hardcopy, then I printed them out as pdfs. I put the pdf files in encrypted truecrypt containers and loaded those to a cloud site. The cloud site uses two factor authentication, and then the files themselves are password protected. 
The entire file generation process was done offline. I simply put the encrypted file on another usb key and uploaded that with an internet-connected computer. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:25:16
Yeah, exactly. Could be design or accidental. While it's usually the case that chips work better at lower temperatures, there are plenty of conceivable situations where the opposite could be true.
@_date: 2014-01-14 15:03:02
This won't work because of transaction costs. Bitcoin transactions aren't free.
@_date: 2014-01-12 05:39:28
Well I'm a gal, and I'm going to the moon! :D
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:39:33
Unfortunately this wouldn't work. One of the key features of our voting system is that you have no way of proving who you voted for. This prevents vote buying, employers forcing their employees to vote a certain way, and other shenanigans.
@_date: 2014-01-12 01:50:21
That reply really made no sense. The IRS assumed that the person was asking about illegal income.
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:59:30
Oh quit the snark, it's not that simple. When you deposit money in your account, it isn't actually available for some unknown number of days. When you charge something or write a check, it won't be applied to your account, again for some random number of days. Even if you keep a check book, the only way to avoid overdrafts is to keep a few hundred reserve in your account to serve as a buffer.
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:31:42
Well I've personally seen people on here openly admit to tax fraud, making money in Bitcoin and then bragging about not reporting if. You really think the feds aren't interested in that?
@_date: 2014-02-04 00:15:57
Satoshi said he was moving on to higher things. People have also wondered what he did with all the coins he mined. Turns out, his next big project was enlightenment. He sold everything he owned, deleted his private keys, and is now living in a monastery in Nepal. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:46:45
Well, I don't have a lot, but I do have around ten which I purchased about a month ago. It's not millionaire money, but I did put a nice chunk of money into it. I realize it's a speculative investment, and I'm fine no matter what the Bitcoin price does. I don't mind risking money in the market, however, I damn well don't want to lose it because someone hacks Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:16:19
I'm having Fallout New Vegas flashbacks...
@_date: 2014-01-28 19:50:49
From a US perspective it actually makes little sense to sabotage Bitcoin. Satoshi may or may not have been American, who knows. But the important thing is the US has been the center of Bitcoin development and implementation. If you could somehow graph the percent of Bitcoins owned by country, I think the US would be the vast majority. 
As Bitcoin rises in value, this increases the national wealth of the US. If Bitcoin were to become a major international force, it would be like adding hundreds of billions, perhaps trillions of dollars to the US national wealth and economy. 
Just look at all the people asking about how to pay capital gains taxes on Bitcoin. The US government does NOT want to lose out on that revenue stream. While governments like China are deeply worried about capital flight, Bitcoin actually helps draw wealth to the US and is a great boon for the federal coffers. 
The US government has very little incentive to ban it outright. It doesn't matter whether you're conservative or liberal, a brand new revenue stream is always a good thing. If revenues are booming, conservatives can run on passing tax cuts and liberals can run on expanding social programs. Every politician loves "free" money.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:15:28
Computers aren't lamps. They don't consume a fixed amount of power. Their power use is directly related to how hard they're working. 
A cloud provider might have some machines sitting there, running in idle mode and consuming less than 100 watts each. If those machines start operating at maximum capacity, their power use might go up to 1000 watts. In order to be profitable, the amount of money they make from mining would have to be more than this increased electricity cost. For standard CPUs and GPUs, this won't be true.
Now, maybe there's someone out there with a room full of ASICs that while not intentionally designed for mining, happen to work with it pretty well. Maybe there's some research lab out there somewhere with a bunch of ASICs that they bought for protein folding, but they just happen to also work well for Bitcoin. I don't know. The odds are slim, but there might be someone out there who just happens to have a lot of computers that are primarily used for something else, but happen to work well for Bitcoin as well. For such a person, mining Bitcoin on the side would be profitable.
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:39:29
You can see this a lot in the stock market. Whenever statisticians look at it, they find that, on average, managed mutual funds do no better than the market over long periods of time, especially when higher fees are factored in. But so many people still fall prey to the Big Man fallacy. In other words, if you select a hundred managed funds at random, a decade later, half of them will outperform and half will underperform the market.
The Big Man fallacy is the belief that we just have to look for a wise leader, someone who has happened to do well in the past, and they'll manage to do well in the future. Rather simply accepting that the future is unpredictable, we look for an individual who will promise to get us better than random chance can provide.
You can see this in any list of plans available in a typical 401k plan. The booklet trumpets the 1, 5, and 10 year return for this managed fund and that managed fund. What they don't mention is that all the plans they list are just the lucky ones. If any fund underperforms and fails to beat the market, they simply remove that fund from their 401k offerings. 
The best route to stock investing for the average person is to simply purchase cheap, low cost index funds. Don't try to beat the market. Just keep costs low and don't make investments based on misguided faith in Big Men who promise to outperform the market. 
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:32:43
If Bitcoin is the cocaine of investing, DOGE is bath salts.
@_date: 2014-01-16 00:20:16
&lt;Grabs knife.&gt;
&lt;Stabs king-six in the eye.&gt;
&lt;Castrates king-six...&gt;
&lt;...with a cheese grater.&gt;
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:18:57
Double Twist: and he's STILL ALIVE!
The guy Seal Team Six iced back in 2011?
The real Dread Pirate Roberts!!!
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:06:05
Then people just start donating random useless crap to him. 
*Damn it. I'm broke as hell, can't pay my mortgage, and some jackass bought me a nontransferable ticket for a ride on a freaking spaceship. Now I have to pay taxes on it. FML.*
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:09:28
The crucial difference is that few to none of these millionaires would keep their vast fortunes in their house. In fact, I bet not a single person with a net worth over $100 million keeps 90%+ of their wealth in their personal residence.
Say you kidnap Bill Gates. Then what? You could try to force him to give you money, but his cards will quickly be cancelled, his bank accounts, frozen, and any transactions he submits online can later reversed. You can't ransom him without getting caught. You can't force him to do any meaningful transaction that is irreversible. All of it would be for nothing.
But Bitcoin? Bitcoin is different. If you know who Satoshi is, and if he does really have access to his coins, it's trivial to get them. You go to his house and torture him until he transmits his coins to an address of your choice. If he has them in paper wallets, you just take them right then. If he has them stored securely in a super encrypted offline computer, you torture him or his family until he gives up the password.  [Rubber Hose Cryptoanalysis]( it's called.
Bitcoin is fundamentally different than fiat. The same thing that makes coins so easy to move around and immune from bank interference makes them vulnerable to coercive theft. Once the coins were stolen from Satoshi, they could be divided into dozens of subwallets and subsequently passed through tumblers again and again. Months later, when the thieves started slowly cashing them out, they would be completely untraceable. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 23:11:40
Hey, there's a university in China where you can [still get a PhD in that!](
What do you say? Want to go spend 4-6 years researching and becoming a scholar of Maoist thought? T_T
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:45:42
No, that can't be it. Coinbase for a fully verified account has the same limit, 50 BTC on buying and selling.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:04:16
For this application, maybe it would be better to just forego the Bitcoins. Raw CPU cycles have a certain value to them. Think Amazon cloud services, Folding at Home, etc. When you log onto a site, the page uses some of your CPU for any purpose, sold to the highest bidder. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:53:44
It could be. Maybe whoever designed the chips designed them around a certain assumed operating temperature, and below that temperature range things don't work right. For instance, perhaps below a certain temperature, thermal contraction makes certain contacts loose, impeding chip performance. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:25:13
Oh God, now I feel like starting a Jesuscoin. T_T
@_date: 2014-01-12 23:31:09
Have you read the arguments in favor of it made by [Bitcoin's creator?](
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:48:48
Ok that makes sense. Thanks!
Now what if I'm operating a Bitcoin "bank," where I accept people's deposits in Bitcoin, offer guaranteed high interest rates (which are secretly paid out of other customers deposits.) Can I deduct the amount I pay out as an expense? Also, if I then disappear off into the night with everyone's coins, does it become my income when I run off with it, or when I convert it into fiat? :D
@_date: 2014-01-11 20:14:32
Exactly. For customs, it would be the equivalent of carrying the password to your paypal account written on a piece of paper. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 15:43:44
It's easy to use Bitcoins if you already have Bitcoins. It's easy to use a credit card if you already have a card set up. You listed the steps needed to get some Bitcoins in a spendable condition, but you completely ignored what you have to do have a credit card.
-Have a bank account already open. This will require multiple forms of ID, hope you have them all. Be careful with it. You can never know exactly how much you really have available in your account. Transactions take weeks to clear, and you can't really know what your true safe to spend balance is. Most people just keep a few hundred in their account as a buffer. If you screw up and overdraft, the bank will scream, "aha! gotcha!" and gleefully slap you with a huge fee.
-Apply for a credit card. You'll need the proper credit history for this, plus you'll need to fill out a long form giving the credit card company all sorts of personal information about you.
-Wait 1-3 weeks for the card to arrive.
-Activate the card.
-Pay a 2-3% fee every time you use it. You won't see this fee, but it's rolled into the prices of everything you buy.
Yeah, credit cards are SO much easier than Bitcoins! /s
Meanwhile, if I wanted to acquire some Bitcoins easily, I could simply perform a service  for someone, get paid in Bitcoins, and have them right then and there.
-Have a long period of credit history. For many people, their first credit items will be student loans or perhaps a car purchase, each many thousands of dollars. If you have neither of these, you can apply for a "secured credit card", one of the greatest scams ever. Here you deposit say, $500 in an account at a bank, and they use that as collateral for a credit card with a $500 credit limit. It will also have a usurious interest rate and criminally high fees.
-Maintain this credit history. This involves borrowing money for years and paying the banks interest repeatedly. Better not miss a single payment, or your credit rating goes to hell.
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:19:00
Well coins are traditionally kept in a purse, not a wallet, so, logically, should we not keep Bitcoins in a digital purse?
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:52:57
Exactly. A bank could develop a user-friendly and secure platform. In fact, they could even guarantee and insure their accounts against hackers, which Coinbase certainly can't do.
For instance, I can think of a trivially easy method for securing coins: Bitcoin savings accounts. You could have a "checking account", which is your Bitcoin hot wallet. You keep a small amount in here to make regular transactions. Then, you have a "savings account." You could read the balance online, but you couldn't access the coins. You can transfer funds to savings online, but in order to transfer them out, you would have to physically go in person to a bank branch, request a transfer, and show your ID. This would provide infinitely more protection from hackers than all the 2FA and computer safety schemes you can design.
@_date: 2014-01-07 23:25:07
That's nothing! I can do better than that! Send me ten bitcoins today, and I'll send you a hundred within three hours!
@_date: 2014-01-05 04:00:04
Good, I could use a few mathoms. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:12:29
It really wouldn't be a huge PITA though. If Bitcoin ever reaches the point of being a common daily currency, people are going to be doing most of this spending through computer and phone apps. You might keep most of your coins in cold storage, but all your transactions will be through an electronic hot wallet. 
Since this is all computerized, it will be trivial to have the software track the value of the transactions along with their corresponding dollar values. Sure, this is a bit more complicated than your standard banking software, but it is much simpler than the kind of cryptographic calculations Bitcoin is built on.
@_date: 2014-01-11 22:39:27
Someone could still come out with an altcoin that is technically superior to Bitcoin. Yes, some changes can be made to the Bitcoin protocol, but many potential changes are different enough that they could not be implemented.
Many of us, myself included, have a strong financial incentive for this not to be true, but it's important to remember that a superior altcoin could still come along. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:48:20
It's a common reference to the movie *Office Space.* It's become a common saying its own rights. In the movie, some of the characters are involved in a stealing a large amount of money from their company by hacking the company accounting software. 
At some point, they're discussing, thinking that since they committed a white collar crime, they'll get off easy and be sentenced to some posh, minimum security joke of a lockup. At another, in a discussion with a friend experienced with law, the friend describes such places not as easy resorts, but federal pound me in the ass prisons. Then, in a dream sequence, a judge sentences the main character to a long stay in a "federal pound me in the ass prison."
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:40:15
Bitcoin, or any successor cryptocurrencies, won't maintain exponential growth like that forever. They can go through an exponential growth phase, but ultimately they will either shoot up and plummet by dying off, or they will have an overall shape of an S curve. Bitcoin is going through an exponential growth phase currently, but eventually it will either stabilize at some relatively fixed value, or it will plummet to zero or some other very low number.
You're right, currently, it is not possible to do lending in Bitcoins. However, in the future this might change. Imagine Bitcoin reaches a point of maximum market saturation. Maybe this will be ten, twenty, or thirty years from now. At that point, the value of Bitcoins still slowly increases, but only in lockstep with GDP growth. 
So, say global GDP was growing at 3% per year. Thus, the currency is deflating, or increasing in value, at 3% per annum. At this modest rate of deflation, lending is completely possible. Want to lend money at a 3% real rate of return? Simple, lend money at 0% nominal interest. Want to lend money at 6%? Give 3% nominal interest.
A deflationary currency is only a major problem with lending if the deflation rate is higher than the real interest rate you're trying to lend out. Right now, Bitcoin is increasing in value too much to make any kind of lending practical, but that could certainly change in the future.
@_date: 2014-01-06 05:06:21


"My citizenship sucks! It's a steaming pile of horse manure! It's never done anything good for me!"
Like that? :D
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:30:26
Exactly. This person is supposedly offering me enough coins to buy an awesome house, and I would run off with $10k? From the moment he sends the first ten coins he proves to me that he is legit. We can keep doing 10 coin intervals. As long as he starts it, I'll be happy to do that all day long. 
Hell, I'll be generous! Instead of him paying me 1.6 coins for every one coin I'll send him, I offered to send him 9.5 coin for every ten coins he sends me! I'll cycle his 1000 coins for the measly fee of 50 bitcoins! What a bargain!
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:31:24
There's nothing stopping you from storing Bitcoins in an encrypted paper wallet in a safe deposit box. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:21:57
&lt;Looks down at boobs.&gt;
&lt;Raises hand.&gt;
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:36:10
The accounts I will be using are on coinbase. They don't have specific coins assigned to specific accounts. Coinbase just has a large pool of coins that they draw from as needed.
How do I know this? Because you can withdraw your entire balance from Coinbase at any time. Coinbase guarantees that 90% of their coins are kept in cold storage at any given time. If Coinbase assigned specific coins to specific accounts, it would take days to withdraw coins from Coinbase, as they would have to go to the file cabinet and manually pull your own coins out of your personal cold storage file. 
The fact that Coinbase allows instant withdrawals proves that they do not assign specific coins to specific accounts, but that they operate off of a shared pool of coins instead. Your worry about getting the same coins back is absurd.
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:39:03
You mean I can't operate a business taking literal sackfuls of cash from masked strangers and exchanging them for Bitcoin? Anti-money laundering laws? Those don't apply to me, because...Bitcoin! :P
@_date: 2014-02-06 15:50:36
Can you think of any comparable commodities to Bitcoin though? I would be curious to see how much of this would actually apply to Bitcoin.
Let's say you open a simple exchange. People deposit money in, they buy or sell Bitcoins, nothing more. You make clear this isn't FDIC insured. You don't touch any tax-advantages retirement account with a ten foot pole. You're not selling securities, so I assume the SEC wouldn't be involved.
How are comparable goods regulated? What kind of regulation does Blizzard have to comply with when they sell WoW and items and run a virtual item exchange? What about all those facebook games that have their own currencies? What about theme parks, carnivals, and arcades that operate their own exchanges for tickets, tokens, "Disney bucks", etc. 
Bitcoin may be technologically new, but there are myriad other systems and pseudo-currencies that have been used for decades without being crushed by onerous regulation. If all of these can operate, I don't see why Bitcoin can't as well. The SEC, FINRA, Department of Labor, etc wouldn't apply.  Hell even CFTC regulations would likely be little to nonexistent as long as your exchange kept it simple and avoided dealing with futures and derivatives. 
Yes, if you start operating a really complicated entity, you're going to encounter a mountain of regulation. If you start selling stock for Bitcoins, start granting loans in Bitcoins, or start selling Bitcoin-backed futures and derivatives, you're going to have a hard time. But if you keep it simple and just operate a basic buy/sell exchange, the vast majority of the regulations and regulatory agencies you listed simply don't apply. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:32:23
Yeah that's true. In most cases, real estate prices can be assumed to stay constant with inflation. Still, the argument holds that it's still appropriate to give up BTC appreciation for the sake of something tangible.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:39:14
Ah, BUT, it would all depend on your basis.
If you bought coins for $1000 a coin on Mt Gox and then lost them, sure, you could claim that as a loss going forward. If you put $1000 into Gox when coins where $1 each, your basis is a dollar. You'll only be able to claim the $1,000 you initially paid, not the ~$550,000 current market value. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:18:23
Random burglary is another problem, but this can be avoided as well. You could use a brain wallet, or a set of words taken at random from somewhere. For instance, instead of a brain wallet, you could use the first letters of some page of some random book you keep on your shelf. Even if someone breaks in, they have no way of knowing what exactly the wallet is hidden as.
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:38:06
I bought some coins using a credit card, and I recommend this method.
1. Have a credit card that has good balance transfer offers. Usually they'll offer a balance transfer with a 3-5%, with 0% interest for 12-18 months.
2. Take out a balance transfer on this card. Instead of having a regular balance transfer to another card, have them send a balance transfer check directly to you.
3. Deposit balance transfer check in your bank account.
4. Buy coins from any exchange.
I've purchased most of my coins this way. Within the last month I purchased 13 BTC. The borrowed funds have zero percent interest for 15-18 month. My plan is to just hold on to the coins for at least one year. Once I reach the end of the 0% interest period, I plan to sell enough coins to pay off the cards.
Realize this is very risky. You're using borrowed money to speculate in a highly volatile investment. Do NOT do this unless you would have little trouble paying the debt off if Bitcoin goes south. You can't predict what the future holds. A year from now, coins could be trading for 200 each. They could be trading for 10000 each. They could be trading for pennies. I'm comfortable taking this risk as I have plenty of other more conservative investments.  If you want to, go ahead, just know you have been warned.
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:58:20
Ah, so what we really need is not so much new regulations, but for existing regulatory agencies to simply put out formal guidelines on how these regulations apply to cryptocurrencies. 
@_date: 2014-01-06 06:53:52


Simple. Diversification. You never want all your eggs in one basket, even a potentially incredibly lucrative one. Bitcoin isn't unique in that it's an asset that could potentially grow many times over relatively quickly. There are thousands of startup companies that have the same potential. 
There's tons of startups out there working on potentially revolutionary advancements in things like cancer research, anti-aging, heart disease treatments, private space vehicles, renewable energy, and new battery technologies. There thousands of companies out there that have the potential to grow 1000 times more valuable in the next five years if their big product or technology takes off. 
The problem is that it's impossible to predict ahead of time which one of these startups will succeed. For every Amazon.com, there are a dozen Pets.com that will be bankrupt quite quickly. 
Bitcoin is similar. It has incredible potential, but it's ultimate success is still impossible to determine. Maybe governments will decide that they've had enough and declare it illegal. 
Maybe the advantages of Bitcoin are not enough to overcome the downsides. Maybe at the end of the day 99.9% of people simply aren't willing to maintain computers secure enough to protect their coins from hackers and prefer a bank to hold and guarantee their money's safety. In such a case, Bitcoin never grows beyond a small community of enthusiasts. 
Or maybe something better comes along. Maybe someone comes up with something better that can't be implemented into Bitcoin, and people flee on mass to the new thing.
Who knows. Yes, a few years from now we could see Bitcoin $100k. Or ten years from now, Bitcoin could still be hovering around $1,000 or down below a penny. 
This isn't to say I don't believe in Bitcoin or want it to fail. I do want it to succeed. I have a good bit invested in it myself. But, at the end of the day, the universal rule applies. Only invest in Bitcoin if you understand it's a highly volatile and risky investment, and never invest more than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:22:40
Exactly. Like many, I have an account at Coinbase. In order to buy and sell, I've had to send them all kinds of personal ID information. They require the same level of information a bank requires. They know exactly who I and where I live.
@_date: 2014-04-07 16:46:31
Let's have the ATM levitating on magnetic bearings, slowly twirling, lighting up the night with superfluous LEDs in every color of the rainbow. They should also be equipped with fog generators, Tesla coils, those [electric plasma disks]( and a deep rumbling bass system that shakes your very bones!
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:27:54
They'll send it through the Blockchain.
@_date: 2014-01-05 04:41:05
@_date: 2014-01-08 00:32:40
Hey, I need to make rent. Can you help me out? I'll make it worth your while. Can you send say, one Bitcoin to 1ApaEVbNFC38gBUvHWvcfiMogWPwLk5t23 ?
I promise I'll pay you back. In fact, I'll pay you 1.6 Bitcoins next week!
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:37:29
Exactly. If the retailer did returns in Bitcoins, you would absolutely have people abusing it. Hell, I would probably do it every single time I needed to purchase a large item. I need to buy a fridge? I purchase the fridge. If the price of Bitcoin goes down, I keep the fridge because I need one anyway. If the price of Bitcoin shoots up within the return period, I return the fridge for Bitcoins and buy another fridge from a different retailer. I could use every purchase I made over a certain size as a Bitcoin price hedge. 
So yeah, that's definitely not fair. The only time I would expect a company to repay in Bitcoins is if they're a company that operates entirely on Bitcoins, lists prices in Bitcoins, and takes Bitcoins for all of their payments.
@_date: 2014-01-08 00:45:53
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:58:10
Exactly. And there's usually going to be some delay between a break-in and a Bitcoin theft.
Say you just have a brain wallet key stashed away as a random strip of paper somewhere in your house. Say a thief breaks in and steals a bunch of paperwork, including your paper slip with the brain wallet words on it. 
Well what then? Sure, if you have a giant Bitcoin poster hanging in your living room, they might figure it out. But it's going to take them hours, possibly days, to find the one piece of paper in the pile of stuff, realize its important, realize what it is, and find out how to transform some random words into a Bitcoin private address.
In the mean time, as soon as you get home, the first thing you do is grab one of the backup copies of your key phrase you have hidden somewhere else. Then you create a new wallet and transfer your coins to that long before the thief even figures out what he's got.
This obviously won't protect you from intentional theft. If someone knows you have a million dollars in Bitcoins and is breaking into your house just to search for it, this won't help. Of course, there is no encryption scheme or wallet that can help with that, due to [rubber hose cryptoanalysis.](
@_date: 2014-01-09 00:13:22
Exactly. The subreddit for any requests for charity is 
There people in real legitimate need can post, and those looking to do a good deed can go seek them out. More critically, they also operate a system to prevent fraud.
@_date: 2014-05-12 11:20:56
Exactly. For instance in the US, the IRS has had [this power]( for years. They don't need to get a court order to raid your bank account or garnish your wages. They'll first try to contact you and work out a payment plan, but if you blow them off, they'll just take it right out of your account. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 04:30:51
Exactly. I would be willing to risk a measly 0.01 bitcoin. After all, I could end up with a sizable fraction of a thousand bitcoins! I could pay off my mortgage! /s
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:01:44
As an aside, if you ever need certain medical procedures, you can get some amazingly cheap medical treatment in Argentina. I went there myself, got something done for $18k that would have cost $50-60k in the US. T_T
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:33:41
Well I mean it like this. Say I borrow $1000 and buy two bitcoins when the price is $500. Then over a year later, I sell them when the price is $1000. Do I just pay taxes on $1000 of capital gains? Is that how it works?
@_date: 2014-02-20 12:54:26
They've lost an unknown number of dollars/yen due to government seizure in a few criminal cases. They've lost and unknown number of Bitcoins due to transaction malleability and other problems with their internal software. They've spent an unknown amount of dollars/yen on their own business operating expenses. 
Gox's behavior makes a great deal of sense if they are truly insolvent. They simply do not have enough Bitcoins and fiat to cover the account balances they display. If they just announce they're insolvent while trading is open, they'll trigger a bank run. By dragging things out, they're hoping to either:
1. Make the exchange solvent via arbitrage with other exchanges, as some here have speculated.
2. Give enough time to let the owners loot the site of as many Bitcoins that do exist as possible. 
It could be either one or two, I have no idea. They're simply not acting in a way an honest business would. If they were solvent and wanted to prove they have the number of Bitcoins they claim they have, they could easily prove this by making a signing a few mass transactions to themselves on the block chain. Even if they are having severe technical difficulties and truly can't get withdrawls working safely, they could at least ease people's fears by proving they have everyone's coins. 
Instead, they supply endless excuses and empty promises. This is not the behavior of an honest business. This is the behavior of an incompetent, a conman, or both.
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:49:18
Online bank accounts are highly protected, but they're not protected by computer technology. The logins and passwords only protect against casual fraud. What ultimately protects online bank accounts is reversible transactions.
Reversible transactions have benefits and drawbacks. The drawback of reversible transactions is that it allows buyer fraud. Someone can purchase goods online, then reverse the payment claiming they never received them. 
The benefit of reversible transactions is that it makes hacking online bank accounts nearly pointless. Even if you hack in to someone's bank account, there's not much you can do with it. If you send a wire transfer to another bank account, that account has to have your name on it. If you purchase goods at a store, the store will usually get you on camera purchasing goods. Thieves will have to use elaborate techniques like having Amazon shipments sent to vacant addresses. It's not easy, and the banks software catches unusual transactions pretty quickly.
Hackers do frequently breech online bank accounts, but then they sell the account access, thousands of accounts at a time, for pennies on the dollar. If an account has $10,000 in it, they might only be able to sell it for a few hundred bucks. It's just that hard to get money out of the hacked accounts.
Bitcoins are different. If someone hacks a coinbase account, they can send coins to another account, send those coins through a tumbler, and they are GONE. It's completely irreversible. This has the benefit of protecting sellers from buyer fraud, but it has the drawback of requiring a much, much higher level of account access security.
@_date: 2014-01-09 23:57:26
Then store the encrypted files on five different usb keys scattered around your house.
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:07:43
Seriously. It's just ridiculous that the guy who took the care to write encrypted emails and paid for web hosting via cash in the mail, would publish a paper under his real name! 
The author of this piece started this "investigation" by opening up a damn phone book!
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:14:14
Exactly. That's about what it costs me to insure my house, and I think the chance of Bitcoins being lost or stolen is a lot greater than my house burning down.
@_date: 2014-01-08 03:03:10
I also declined the tip. This was clearly in jest. I didn't really want to take out a bitcoin loan. T_T
@_date: 2014-01-15 04:24:44
They don't need to control it to make a ton of money. 
The Bitcoin community is great, but it is still very much an enthusiast community. To use Bitcoins properly requires a lot of knowledge and skill, much of which is not known to the general public. 
The best example is wallet security. A solution offered here is to generate addresses on an offline computer booted from an Ubuntu live CD. For a group of tech savvy people, this isn't so bad. But it doesn't work for Grandma. It doesn't work for your dad. It doesn't work the 95% of the population who want something to just work. 
Bitcoin still has a steep learning curve and few wish to invest the time to learn it. Currently, you can have a system that is safe from hackers, or you can have a system that's easy to use. You can't have both.
Consider Coinbase. Even with 2FA, accounts get hacked all the time. It's very difficult to secure an online account, and this is no exception.
Even though Bitcoin is intended to run without banks, banks could still serve as a safe place to store coins. In fact, banks like Wells Fargo could be in the unique position to offer both security and convenience.
Imagine if they offered a combination what you might call a Bitcoin savings and a Bitcoin checking account. The savings account would be for cold storage, the checking account for making purchases. They could make it so the only way to transfer funds from your savings account is to physically go to a Wells Fargo branch and request it in person. This would completely eliminate the risk of remote hacking. You store most of your coins in the savings account, and you use a small wallet on your phone for regular transactions. 
With this, Wells Fargo would take care of all the security stuff. They can maintain the linux-based offline computer for Grandma. She doesn't have to worry about it. In fact, Wells Fargo can actually guarantee and insure your Bitcoin deposits. If someone hacks your Coinbase account, Coinbase tells you, "sorry, but your fucked." Wells Fargo could offer zero fraud liability on their Bitcoin savings accounts, thus protecting people from hackers.
Even though Bitcoin was originally invented to avoid the big banks, banks may find a natural role as a place for secure deposits. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:01:54
Don't you see the message in the buy section, "Due to higher than normal buy volumes, we are unable to provide exact price quotes right now.
Instead of pausing buys entirely, we decided to give people the option to purchase bitcoin at the market price in a few days. Once your USD funds arrive, we will exchange them to bitcoin at the market price at approximately Wednesday Jan 22, 2014 at 07:00AM PST.
Note that you can cancel your order at any time up until your bitcoin arrive from the transfer history page.
The market price of bitcoin changes frequently. Below are some recent prices to give you an idea. These do not guarantee what the price will be in a few days."
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:16:38
Sorry, they didn't bother extending this to Canada. No one has heard a word, not a single call, text, or email from anyone north of the Canadian border for the last 48 hours. We don't yet have final confirmation of the aftermath of the polar vortex, but at this point we're assuming there are no survivors. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 00:09:19
WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!
@_date: 2014-02-22 18:01:58
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:56:27
Convince an ammunition manufacturer to make bullets out of gold, stamped with bitcoin private addresses. That way, I can invest in the ammunition, gold, and bitcoin bubbles simultaneously!
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:18:15
What I'm saying is it's unreasonable to expect a store to refund me in Bitcoins if I make a purchase in Bitcoins. In other words, if I pay them 1 Bitcoin, I can't expect them to pay me back with one Bitcoin. Otherwise, I could game the system:
1. January 10, I buy a $1000 refrigerator with 1 BTC. 
2. Jan 20th:
If Bitcoin has gone up to $2000, I return the fridge, but demand they return to me the Bitcoin I used to make the purchase. I then go buy a fridge for half a Bitcoin with another retailer, and make a $1000 profit off of the hapless retailer.
If Bitcoin has gone down to $500, I keep the fridge. 
There's nothing wrong with giving returns in Bitcoin, but a purchaser has to be willing to accept that the number of Bitcoins they will receive as a refund will fluctuate with the price.
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:26:52
The subtle point you missed is that you don't need to have a bank account to be taxed.
Even if you create a perfect Cryptocoin, where the transactions within it are completely anonymous and untraceable, you still need to at some point purchase tangible goods and services with those coins. Having a billion dollars in Bitcoins doesn't do me a damn bit of good if I can't buy anything with it.
So, say you have a perfectly constructed stealth enterprise, completely operating using various accounts and payments hidden in your invisible blockchain. 
What good is that to you? You still need to purchase things, actual, tangible, physical things. You'll need to purchase housing, food, transportation, health care, etc. Even if you can magically find providers that will take your cryptocoins for payments for all of this, you still can be taxed. 
Do you know how they busted Al Capone? He was a master of hiding his illegal business activities. He was so good they never could prove in a court of law that he operated any brewery, bar, gambling hall, or brothel. He used an elaborate obfuscation system that kept him from ever being proven in charge of anything.
Do you know how they busted him? Simple tax evasion. All they did was say, "hmm, you own a house that is worth X, another house that's worth Y, a third property that's worth Z, a dozen cars that are worth A-D. If we add up the purchase price of all your stuff, it's (big number here). You've only reported and filed taxes on (small number here.) We can't prove that you did anything illegal to get it, but you own all this stuff, and the money came from somewhere. You never paid taxes on this money, therefore you're guilty of tax evasion and it's off to prison with you!"
@_date: 2014-01-10 06:11:35
Sure, if your idea of retirement is never lifting a finger and sipping mohitos on the beach, you'll need $3-10 million, depending on how lavish your lifestyle. But if your idea of retirement is simply to never work in an office again, it's quite possible.
Consider my situation. I make about $75k/year at my primary job. I also moonlight as a tutor, which brings in about $15k/year. I rent out two spare bedrooms in my house, which brings my total annual income to right about $100k. 
I bought 13 bitcoins, with a weighted average price of $790. If it goes to 100k a coin, after taxes I'll have made about 1-1.1 million. Could I retire on that? Absolutely. 
I would put half in stocks and half in rental properties. [This]( is the type of rental property I would buy. Let me break down the numbers for you. There are plenty of properties like this around here. 
Purchase price: $75k  
Rental Income: $1000/month  
Taxes: $175/month
HOA fees: $260/month
Insurance: $100/month
Maintenance: $100/month 
Net profit: $365/month
Multiply by five (assume a miserable vacancy rate, with an average of one being empty at any given time): $1825/month
There are other properties as well that offer much better percent returns than this. The properties and rent will in all likelihood rise with inflation.
And then there's the stocks. The stocks return perhaps an average of say 4% after inflation. Total average monthly income: $1665/month
That's a total monthly income of 3490/month, or $42,000 per year. I can easily expand my tutoring into a $20k/year thing. So I'll make a solid $62k/year income. Somehow, I think I'll survive. Even better, only a third of that will be wage income, so I won't have to pay payroll taxes on the rest, and a third will be capital gains taxes which are lower still. All in all I would be making, after taxes, about the same amount as I do at my salary job.
There's different kinds of retirement. Most retirement advice centers around zero effort retirement, where you save up for forty years in the stock market, then throw it all in to super conservative bonds funds when your reach age 65. Standard assumptions say to figure only 2-3% above inflation once you're actually retired. And yes, if you plan to retired on bond funds, that's what you have to do. You'll need 3 million to retire on that.
My idea of retirement, at least until I hit my 70s, would be more about owning my own job, setting my own hours, and not being beholden to the whims of an employer. Being a landlord does take quite a bit of work, but it's a job that you own, you can't be fired from, and has far fewer hours than working in the cube farm. Plus you never have to fight rush hour traffic again! 
Would I be able to retire to the beach? No, but I could leave my windowless office behind, set my own hours, not have to follow a company dress code, and never have to report to a boss for the rest of my life. It's not mohitos on the beach, but the quality of life is so immensely better than working an office job, that it might as well be.
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:03:58
I received a PM from this throwaway account shortly after mentioning in a post that I had recently bought some Bitcoin. Pretty obviously a scammer, but I decided to have some fun with him. Someone might fall for something like this though, so watch out. 
I'm not sure what exact method he intended to use. Maybe he would receive coins but never send them. Maybe when we accounts via chat, he would send me one with a bad private key, I don't know. But it's sketchy as all hell.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:05:22
That's why drcode said CPU-bound algorithms. People are trying to develop algorithms that will only work on a CPU.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:26:01
I can see it now. A year from now, MtGox will have withered to the point of complete irrelevancy, but the media will still be mindlessly quoting the MtGox price. Then one day, the operators are indited for fraud and other charges. Months and months of shadily preventing withdrawals finally catch up with them. The price on MtGox naturally collapses completely, while other sites are barely affected.
Media headline: "BITCOIN PRICE PLUMMETS TO PENNIES PER COIN!!!"
@_date: 2014-02-07 22:05:01
You really haven't put much thought into this, have you?
Please tell me, exactly, how you would use gold, cash, real estate, and diamonds to effectively launder money. I gave you an exact scenario of how you could launder drug money with Bitcoins. 
Say you have a million dollars in drug cash you want to launder. You find someone willing to take it under the table and quick claim a deed to you. Then what? Now you're sitting on a million in property, and the IRS and police can ask where you got the money for it. How are you going to respond to that?
Cars? The police find you're sitting on $500k in sports cars. They'll ask you where you got the money for it. Are you just going to claim that the car owners gifted them to you? Do you really think a jury is going to buy that?
Ok, gold and diamonds. These have the benefit of being concealable, but these are still no better than cash. Instead of having a pile of illegitimate cash, you now have a pile of illegitimate gold. I don't know about you, but I don't want to have wealth just for the sake of having it. A million dollars does me no good if I can't do anything with it. I suppose you could use the gold to open up some pawn shop, but then you have a store front that will attract police attention. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:00:43
But Argentina has more incentive. The yuan isn't going through 30% annual inflation. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:21:41
Yeah, big whales like Satoshi, whether Dorian is him or not, are not your  typical case. A currency is a currency. In a mature Bitcoin economy, you would keep most of your wealth in things other than currency: stocks, bonds, real estate, etc. Currency is only for your liquid asset needs. Bill Gates himself probably only keeps a few million in his bank account. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 19:09:14
You don't try to convince someone. Nobody likes an evangelist. Feel free to casually mention you're using or investing in Bitcoin, but don't tell people it will get them rich or they have to use it. If they ask questions, answer them. Above all else, lead by humble, simple example. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:34:01
It's also a fraud issue. If someone hacks your account, purchases bitcoins, and sends them off,  you can dispute the charge with your bank. The bank will reverse the debit charge, but Coinbase can't reverse the Bitcoin transfer. 
Coinbase tries to minimize hacking, but it can still happen. Instant buys are especially vulnerable. By putting limits in place, they limit the potential damage.
I'm sure if you really wanted to, coinbase would be happy to facilitate as large a transaction as you wanted. They would probably sell you ten thousand coins if they wanted. They might require you to show up at their office in person, but they could probably do it.
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:50:47
What people forget is that Greece already has cut back immensely. No matter how much they cut, people just cling to stereotypes about "lazy, tax-cheating Greeks." The truth is that without the interest payments, their budget would be balanced.
@_date: 2013-12-14 04:17:57
Exactly. They weren't even subtle when they named the damn thing. My guess is they intentionally named it after [this Quark]( not  [this quark](
@_date: 2013-12-28 17:14:38
I don't think you know what fractional reserved lending is. People deposit money at a bank. They do this because the bank offers them some rate of interest and there money is usually safer than storing bills in your mattress.
How can banks give out interest? They don't just put everyone's cash in a vault. How would they pay to run the bank if they did that? Instead, they loan a portion of it out. "Fractional reserve" refers to what fraction of the original deposits are kept as cash on hand. If the bank operated on a 1/4 reserve, 1/4 of the deposited funds would be kept as cash in the vault, while 3/4 would be lent out for mortgages, car loans, and business loans.
This is how banks fundamentally operate, and there's absolutely nothing wrong or insidious about this. Your traditional community bank operates on this simple boring model. Take in deposits. Send out loans. Use revenue from loans to operate the bank and pay depositors interest. Without fractional reserve lending, instead of the bank paying you interest, you would have to pay the bank interest. They would have to charge you some annual percent fee to pay to keep your money safe.
Banks only get in trouble when their fractional reserve gets too low. This is why regulation requiring a minimum reserve ratio exists and why the FDIC was established. If a bank only keeps 1% reserve, and 99% is tied up in loans, the slightest hint of bad news can cause a bank run, destroying the bank.
This is at least how traditional banking operates. Small community banks and credit unions operate this way. The large megabanks? Well instead of just lending deposits out, they get involved with all sorts of seedy market manipulation, credit default swaps, exotic derivatives, and commodity speculation. You won't see me defending them. They're evil incarnate. 
So how does this apply to Bitcoin? Can a true Bitcoin bank, a Bitcoin Savings and Loan, exist? I would doubt it could today, given Bitcoin's market volatility.  Large consumer loans like mortgages and car loans rely on collateral. Yes, the price of real estate isn't completely stable, as the recent housing bubble has shown, but still real estate is one of the most stable things out there. When a bank writes a mortgage for a $100k house, they can be reasonable sure that two years from now the house won't be worth $1 million or $10k. It might go up to $120k or down to $80k, but it's still the same order of magnitude.
With Bitcoin right now? Impossible. Bitcoin is still going through it's growing pains. It's still in its asymptotic growth phase, driven my market adoption. If all goes well, eventually it will reach some stable market saturation point, it's natural value will be found, and the price will stabilize. In any given year it might swing 5-10% either way, but it won't be swinging 30% up and down each week. 
So, let's say five years from now Bitcoin has reached mass adoption, and it's price has stablized. People won't be chasing 1000% annual returns anymore. Instead of a hugely speculative investment that peopple are willing to gamble a few thousand in, it's now a place where people routinely store large amounts of wealth.
In such an environment, a Bitcoin Savings and Loan could certainly thrive. You always hear people say, "nothing is safer than cold storage!" Welll, this is only partly true. What happens if your house burns down and your paper wallets burn with it? Ok, let's say you keep paper wallets in a fireproof safe. They're still vulnerable to theft. You can say "no worries! I encrypt my paper wallet!" That's all good, except what happens when Bitcoin becomes mainstream? What if every other house has an encrypted paper or physical wallet containing over $10k USD worth of Bitcoin in it? A burglar might not be able to break your encryption, but what happens when they break into your house at night, point a gun at your daughter or wife's head and say, "decrypt your wallet or I blow her head off!"?
This is why banks have always existed. As long as you keep large amounts of money, weather it be in dollars, gold, or even Bitcoin, at your private home, it will always e vulnerable to loss, fire, and theft. 
If Bitcoin becomes mainstream, you can guarantee that Bitcoin banks will pop up as well. So far there have been "banks", but these were little more than ponzi schemes, giving out guaranteed large rates of return on deposits without lending out any of the money. A true Bitcoin bank would lend out deposits as loans. They would keep a fraction reserved for withdrawls and to protect against bank runs. They would operate on a fractional reserve system.
Why would anyone give their coins to this bank? For the same reason as any other currency, security. Such a bank would have a very secure online wallet. Perhaps it would rely on a hardware key or some other highly secure means. But most importantly, this wallet would be secure enough against hackers that the bank could guarantee deposits. If it was secure enough, they could insure deposits with a third party insurance company, say like AIG or Lloyds. Thus, they could offer a convenient online wallet that is even more secure than cold storage. THIS is why people would deposit money at a Bitcoin bank. And yes, such a bank would absolutely operate under fractional reserve. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:54:09
The government can never really just start outright stealing money from a large segment of the population. The minute the government starts just stealing large amounts of money from bank accounts is the moment all faith in the currency vanishes and people abandon it in droves.
@_date: 2013-12-28 20:34:35
Exactly. After the LIBOR rigging scandal, the other price fixing scandals, JP Morgan money launderinging, etc, any central exchange involving big banks must be assumed corrupted. The Fed is doubtlessly just as corrupt. It's fair to assume that when the Fed sets interest rates and the money supply, it does so with the direct collusion of traders at the major banks. They don't merely make decisions about what is best for the nation's economy, but what makes the megabanks the most money. This has never been directly proven, but after it has been proven that numerous other centralized benchmark rates have been rigged, it is safe to assume the Fed is rigged as well.
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:02:16
Wow, this never occurred to me, but this is one of the killer apps of bitcoin. People are always saying that only drug dealers and gangsters want pseudo-anonymous payments, but there are a whole host of legal businesses that could use the same. Strip clubs, porn shops, massage parlors, sketchy motels, all sorts of areas where people might want no record directly linking them to a purchase.
@_date: 2013-12-27 18:21:02
People like to think it's simple. They look at the complexity of say, the US tax code, and say, "man, we could just do away with all of this, get rid of the IRS, and make everything perfectly fair! No more tax loopholes, no more rich people evading taxes, just a simple flat sales tax. Completely fair!"
By doing so, they ignore history and the realities of any real world tax system. It's true that, currently, US income tax law is complex while sales tax is relatively simple (except for the myriad jurisdictions.) If anyone walks into a store and buys anything in that store, they pay the same percent. Very simple.
However, this is only the case because the income tax rate is high while the sales tax rate is low. If we switched to a sales tax, we would need something on the order of 30-40% to replace income taxes. Suddenly it becomes profitable to go to great lengths to avoid sales taxes.
Historically, people have done so whenever import duties or sales taxes were high. Smuggling, off-books purchases, undeclared customs duties, etc have all happened when a country has a large sales tax. Even in the US today, there's a black market in tobacco products. People buy cigarettes in a state with a low sales tax and sell them in a state with high sales tax. 
Currently, large corporations and the rich avoid taxes by using elaborate networks of shell companies in foreign countries. If you switch to a large VAT, they can travel to foreign countries to make purchases, leaved purchases outside of US borders whenever possible, and rely on hidden or untaxable barter transactions.
For instance, today Google avoids a lot of taxes by funneling money through subsidiaries in tax haven countries. If you switched to a VAT, they would simply purchase as much as they could outside of the US. They could set up subsidiaries in countries without VAT and then move all of their servers to these countries. Thus, the companies largest purchases: servers, electricity, network bandwidth, and real estate, would occur outside of US borders and would thus not have sales tax applied to them.
Sure, you can construct a VAT regime where a person or company has to keep track of all of their purchases, wherever they occur, and pay taxes on them, but at that point you need a revenue agency just as, if not more complex than the IRS to enforce it all.
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:40:48
Exactly. I could see some sort of Bitcoin based intermediaries pop up, Bitcoin banks basically. You sign up for this payment processer and deposit some coin in a wallet with them. When you make a purchase, it takes some of the coins and locks them down, without transferring them. Once per month, once a week, once a day, etc, it transfers the total of all your transactions for that day and deposits it in the bank's central wallet. 
The retailer in turn has their own wallet with some bank of their own. Once per time period, banks make bulk transactions to each other, and once per time period, the merchants get paid. 
Now, on the surface this sounds a lot like Visa or Mastercard, and in some ways it is. However, what distinguishes this is that these Bitcoin banks would be orders of magnitude cheaper and easier to set up and run. Unlike credit card companies, there will be immense competitive pressure to keep fees down. You wouldn't have three or four payment processers, you would have hundreds.
@_date: 2013-12-10 02:03:11
What's strange is, if they really wanted to make money off BitCoin, they could just open their own exchange. They could charge 1-2% for every transaction. 
If a big bank did this, they would actually have several advantages over exchanges like Coinbase. First, they're an established, known name. Many Bitcoin exchanges are semi-shady, fly-by-night companies that can disappear on a moment's notice. Secondly, Chase could offer features no other exchange can: instant Bitcoin purchases annd Bitcoin purchases via credit card. If you already have your cash in a chase account, they could let you instantly transfer coins to a chase bitcoin wallet, or you could buy coins with your Chase credit card.
Right now, exchanges have to rely on the slow ACH system. If you could buy Bitcoins directly from your bank, you could buy them instantly.
@_date: 2013-12-16 23:12:59
I'm waiting for the day when a group of Somali pirates rides up to a cargo ship armed with RPGs and AK-47s, boards it, and holds up a QR demanding 10000 Bitcoins be sent to the following wallet as ransom.
@_date: 2013-12-17 04:25:54
It's worked out really well for me actually. I've been toying around with small amounts, but have been looking to buy about $5k worth. Well, right as I'm about to jump in the price drops like a rock. Everything's on sale!!
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:02:35
No that's not really the same thing. I realize there are numerous ways to make paper wallets. The problem is that paper wallets have some severe difficulties serving as long-term storage. As I said, they can be stolen, lost, or destroyed quite easily.
The value of keeping coins on an exchange is that they can go to elaborate means to keep offline codes safe that are impractical for the average person. If I keep encrypted coins offline, I'll put them on a USB key and put that in a box somewhere. An exchange can keep multiple redundant encrypted backups at high security facilities at several locations around the country. As a single individual, I simply don't have that option. If I want a paper wallet, I print them out at home and hope they stay safe. A large exchange can print them out on archive grade paper, make offline copies, and safely store them in secure, fireproof facilities around the country. I don't have that option.
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:29:28
It's called gambling. It's obviously not an investment. No one is expecting it to be one.
@_date: 2013-12-12 11:58:25
[No wireless? Less space than a nomad? Lame.](
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:26:44
Coinbase -&gt; cold storage paper wallet.
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:10:10
The theory behind the sales tax is that it makes people very aware of exactly how much tax they're paying. If you have a hidden VAT just rolled into the price of every good, people don't realize just how much tax they're actually paying. They will consider that the next time they vote for a tax increase.
@_date: 2013-12-12 17:08:49
Yeah, I have no idea what Bitcoin will do. I just know that first movers don't always win. The iPod is a classic example. It wasn't the first, or even the first to sell a ton of them. It just was the first to create an elegant, streamlined, sexy product that integrated the player, software, etc all into one nice package. 
Bitcoin is currently the market leader, but if someone comes along with something better, that could change rapidly. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 01:00:08
....says the account created less than an hour ago...
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:27:31
Actually the exact opposite is true. We need MORE day traders, not less. Having tons of people trading something back and forth brings stability to the price, because at any given moment, there's as many people betting it will go down short term as betting it will go up.
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:51:46
Hmm, interesting. I was writing a response on how Bitcoin couldn't go to zero, and then I think I found a scenario where Bitcoin actually could, truly go to zero. I first wrote: 
"Exactly. This isn't a company stock. If a company is going bankrupt, the stock can truly go to zero. Eventually the stocks won't be listed on exchanges and the company itself will no longer exist. A stock can truly go to zero.
Same with bonds. If a company, city, or state is totally broke and declares bankruptcy, the court can completely wipe out certain debt holders in favor of other ones.
But something like Bitcoin? It's a currency. A currency can only go to zero if a government triggers hyperinflation via money printing, which isn't possible with Bitcoin."
Then I realized, what if the value drops so low that no one wants to run servers to process transactions? Mining difficulty will inevitably increase, and the system is designed so that miners will eventually be receiving most of their revenue from transaction fees. 
All of these calculations still have to be performed by physical machines. Someone, somewhere, has to be running servers to process all the Bitcoin transactions. These have to be purchased and maintained. They have to run off electricity. We might reach a world where you can purchase these things directly with Bitcoin, but if the currency has become very unpopular, this won't be the case. 
 
@_date: 2013-12-10 12:54:48
[Well I suppose that's better than approaching it like Rorschach.](
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:00:00
Paul Krugman already declared Bitcoin evil. Here are some some Krugman headlines we can look forward to in 2014:
"Bitcoin is VERY Evil!"
"Bitcoin is a Ponzi Scheme!"
"Bitcoin is Super Evil!"
"Satoshi was Bin Ladin!"
"Bitcoin is the Devil!"
"Bitcoin Raped My Mother!"
"Bitcoin is Literally Hitler!"
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:23:18
Exactly. Why would the financial powers that be want to ban Bitcoin? Why not just get in on the action and manipulate the Bitcoin markets to their own ends? 
Perhaps they're already doing this. Hell, perhaps Satoshi is really an employee at Goldman.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:43:39
Well it's possible. Maybe that 30 million is some sort of active fund needed to pay for the day to day expenses of the site. IIRC the site offered escrow and payment services; this would likely require a decent sized pile of coins to work. 
That's how most businesses operate. They have business and personal accounts. The business accounts cover operating expenses, and the owners then periodically take out profits to their personal accounts. Silk Road could have been run the exact same way.
@_date: 2013-12-09 04:03:17
Well it wouldn't surprise me if some Wall Street traders are already manipulating the Bitcoin market. All they have to do is pump and dump.
Say the market is going steady. They then throw a few million in to buying Bitcoin. This triggers a surge in price. Other people see the price going up, so they go with their emotions and buy buy buy. This drives the price up far beyond what the amount the company's purchase did. 
Then, once the price rises a substantial amount, the firm sells off the Bitcoins in huge transactions. This triggers a big decline in price, and the individual traders then panic and start selling as well, triggering a much larger decline. Once the price is down, the company repeats.
In a market as driven by emotion as the Bitcoin market is, it is very easy for a firm with deep pockets to completely manipulate the market price to their advantage.
@_date: 2013-12-09 22:15:46
This. I have two checking accounts. One is where I get paid into and hold funds, the other is one I use as a transfer account. There's only ever enough money in the transfer account to cover bills that are being paid.
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:51:48
Yes, for now. However, the rules can change at any time.
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:41:42
Also over time the original whales all sell off. Many people point of that if you invested some tiny sum when Bitcoins were less than a penny, this would be worth some large fortune now. However, very few people actually did this. If you bought or mined $1000 of coins when they were worth a penny each, would you still be holding on to them now, or would you have sold them when they reached a dollar? It would require you to have the patience and faith of a saint to hold all the way from one penny to a thousand dollars. 
As such, there are very, very few early whales left. Most have sold off long ago. Yes, you can find a handful of ancient wallets that have some absurd amount of coin in them, but most of these are lost. People lost paper wallets, deleted wallets, threw away old hard drives with 1000s of then near-worthless coins. It seems the only folks who have held on from pennies to hundreds are those who forgot they had coins at all. While digging through some old files, they stumble on a a wallet holding thousands of coins. Like finding buried treasure.
@_date: 2013-12-27 22:19:00
There is still risk. I have a few thousand invested in Bitcoin, but I realize that it's a very speculative, risky investment. If it goes up 10x, I'll be very happy. If it goes to zero, I still have plenty of other investments of various levels of risk. My low risk investment is the early mortgage payments I make on my house. My medium risk investment is my 401k. My high risk investment is Bitcoin.
How could Bitcoin go to zero? I can think of several ways:
-A better cryptocurrency comes along which has some clear technical advantage over Bitcoin. The advantages are of such nature that they cannot be practically implemented to the Bitcoin protocol. A mass exodus occurs and Bitcoin holders are wiped out.
-The banks get in on the action and create their own cryptocurrency or  cryptocurrencies. This currency has the same store of value and ease of payment as Bitcoin, but it also is backed by some guarantee of value from the large banks. The banks agree to accept the currency at some guaranteed exchange rate. They provide online wallets that are insured against fraud. The initial founders of Bitcoin who created it largely out of disgust for the big banks are appalled by this, but the average person is less concerned with politics. Mass exodus of Bitcoin to bankcoin.
-The big banks get in on the action, but with the intention of wiping Bitcoin out. The trading market is unregulated, and they are thus completely free to manipulate the market using very sophisticated means. Trading in Bitcoins is seen as nothing more than a means to quickly hand over large sums to JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs. 
-Governments decide to subvert the system without outright banning it. Someone like the NSA has the computing power to wage a 51% attack against Bitcoin if they so choose. Any nation state probably could. Maybe China decides that they want to kill Bitcoin off, so the government initiates a massive attack on the blockchain, creating a knot of false transactions so great that it completely destroys all faith in the currency. 
-Governments bring down the hammer and outright ban Bitcoin. Not just China, but the US and EU government become openly hostile to it. The captive media is instructed to vilify Bitcoin as a tool of drug dealers, terrorists, child pornographers, and human smugglers. After months of propaganda, the general public knows what Bitcoin is and believes it to be something absolutely abhorrent. Congress passes a law outlawing all US Bitcoin exchanges. Owning or trading Bitcoin or other cryptocurrency becomes a felony with a mandatory minimum sentence of 20 years in prison. The value of Bitcoin plummets to less than a penny. People burn their paper wallets and wipe their hard drives of any digital wallets. Reddit shuts down r/bitcoin. 
These are all a possibility. The last one sounds extreme, but if Bitcoin ever did grow to the point of becoming a legitimate threat to the powers that be, I could completely see it happening. 
Do I personally think these will happen? No, which is why I have a few thousand dollars in Bitcoin myself. But I recognize that it CAN happen. This is why I don't have my life savings in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:44:09
Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM.
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:02:40
Let me buy guns with Bitcoin! What could possibly go wrong?
@_date: 2013-12-27 22:29:42
Yeah, I feel the stock market could be in a bubble right now. The best thing to do with the stock market is [dollar cost averaging]( Basically, you just make the same contributions to a retirement account every month, or the same constant percent of your salary. Don't try to time the market. When the market is shooting up, you'll be getting in on some growth. When the market is plummeting, you'l be buying things up for cheap.
Don't get involved in the stock market unless you have a time horizon of decades. Over the long term, the peaks and the valleys average out to a nice long-term gain. However, if you try to guess where you are in the cycle, you'll end up being burned. You might beat the market now and then, but all it takes is one big loss and you would have been better off just buying a bit each month.
Myself, I have three investments, which you might classify as conservative, moderate, and risky. 
My most conservative investment is my house. I make early principle payments on my mortgage. My interest rate is 3.75%, thus paying it off early amounts to a gain of about 3-4%. Yes, mathematically, I would get better returns putting that money into the stock market or buying Bitcoin, but this is my low-risk investment. I will always need somewhere to live, and this is a guaranteed rate of return.
My moderate investment is my 401k. I put up to my company's match in there and invest in some simple index funds. The same amount goes in every paycheck, and over time I'll make good returns. I don't try to time the market or buy and sell at opportune times. I just the money go in and forget about it. This money won't be touched until I'm at retirement age.
My risky, speculative investment is Bitcoin. I put about $5500 into Bitcoin when it was at $675 after the latest crash. I plan to hold onto it for quite awhile. If Bitcoin shoots up to $10k a coin, I'll have enough to pay off my mortgage. If it doesn't, well it's not the end of my world. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:03:10
Screw that! I want to mine bitcoin with an unshielded nuclear reactor in the back of an 18 wheeler truck! A mobile Chernobyl!
@_date: 2013-12-27 23:56:21
Where I saw it most was on conservative media, whether it be Fox News or talk radio. It was so obvious. They got the hosts to convince everyone the world was ending because of Obama, and then they convinced them all to buy overpriced gold. 
@_date: 2013-12-25 20:55:21
This wasn't stolen goods however, this was stolen money. The thief spent stolen money in a way that is not refundable. Imagine if a thief took stolen money and then went and stayed in a hotel for a week. Could the cops then demand that the hotel refund the cost of the hotel stay?
@_date: 2013-12-30 04:48:06
No currency can be used in any conditions. The US dollar can't be used in areas where the US dollar isn't prevalent. Sure you can go to a bank and trade dollars for the local currency, but you could do the same for Bitcoin. You can't use gold everywhere as a currency. To actually use it as a currency requires merchants to have scales and tools to verify gold purity. No merchants have that. Barter can't be used everywhere. Barter only works if the guy you want to trade with happens to need what you happen to have. 
Bitcoin is the same. Its limitation is that you have to have an internet connection. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:30:27
Can a person pay cash for these purchases? Many of the people paying inflated prices on localbitcoins may be using it as a means of laundering drug or other dirty money.
Think about it. Say you run a drug operation. One the most difficult things to do is to deal with the money. You can't just go and deposit $10k in your bank account. Large cash transactions get reported. Historically, many criminals have relied on elaborate means to launder money, including setting up entire businesses just to do so.
But what if you can just trade cash for Bitcoins? Pay cash for coins. Sell the coins on Coinbase. If anyone asks, claim you mined the coins on your computer years ago. Report the income on your taxes. 
Sure, if someone really wanted to, they could trace transactions through the blockchain and prove you didn't mine them, but if you used a complicated enough series of transactions, you could obscure it quite well.
Hmm, I need to look into this, maybe there's some money to be made buying coins on Coinbase and selling them on LocalBitcoins. :3
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:17:05
I suppose I see the main vulnerability as being on the user side, not the server side. I'm concerned about someone using a keylogger or remote desktop hack to get access to the coins at the user end.
This wouldn't be for every day transactions. This is the Bitcoin equivalent of putting your funds in a CD. You would still have some funds available in your main account for regular transactions. This is only for those funds that you wish to be highly secure. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:28:52
btc-e lets you do this.
@_date: 2013-12-26 04:58:36
What if someone were to purposely sabotage the network? A 51% attack could quite possibly deal a mortal blow to confidence in the currency. It might take the resources of a nation state to pull this off, but someone like the NSA could certainly do it. Also a government like China, concerned about capital flight, could have the resources and motive to pull it off. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 21:53:45
[Funny you should mention the iPod](
@_date: 2013-12-16 21:36:10
Dang! I can already use Bitcoin to launder money and buy drugs. I was hoping to go for the federal felony trifecta!
@_date: 2013-12-27 01:35:33
"You can't believe everything you read on the internet."
-Abraham Lincoln
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:47:22
Same here. I bought a little over $5k worth of coin around $675. I'm hoping it goes up long term, but if it crashes to zero, I'm ok. I didn't cash out my 401k or take out a home equity loan to buy it. It's about 5% of my overall annual income. A speculative investment for sure, but I have plenty of convervative investments, and this one is my big risky play. I realize it could go to zero, but I also realize it could be worth 10x a year from now.
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:15:21
I fail to see why VAT is superior. Any VAT will inevitably result in the poor paying a greater percentage of their income in taxes than the rich.
@_date: 2013-12-16 23:50:19
Exactly. You should keep your emergency fund in your savings account, but that's about it. An emergency fund isn't there to make you money. It's an insurance policy, not an investment. 
An emergency fund is there to protect you from the "oh shit" moments in life. It's there to pay your deductible if you have an injury. It's there to pay the mechanic when your transmission blows out. It's there to cover your expenses when you're laid off from your job.
Without an emergency fund, you're forced to rely on emergency borrowing. You rack up huge credit card balances or have to resort to god-awful payday loans. 
Why not keep this emergency fund in stocks or or bonds? Well those investments rise and fall. They're not stable. Bitcoin would also be a terrible place for an emergency fund. Emergencies happen when they happen, and you may be forced to sell your assets when they're undervalued. For instance, during recessions, stocks plummet and many people go out of work. Any now unemployed person keeping their emergency fund in stocks would have to sell at a huge loss.
This is the purpose of savings accounts. You keep just enough in there to meet your emergency expenses. Everything else should be invested in more profitable places.
@_date: 2013-12-27 21:59:24
The problem is he didn't magically know when the perfect, absolutely right time was. He just got lucky. He could have just as easily picked too soon or too late and ended up severely burned.
A lot of people who tried to time the stock market in the '08 crash got absolutely burned. They saw the market going down and said, "oh man, I should pull out now!" And such they ended up selling at the bottom of the market. If they had simply kept their investments in the market and continued investing in the market, even when going down, they would be doing very well today. 
You don't sell when the market is tanking. You BUY. Everything is on sale! Be greedy when others are fearful. Be fearful when others are greedy.
@_date: 2013-12-25 21:05:04
Sold bitcoin =/= profit. He could easily be a working as a bitcoin broker. The price for coin on localbitcoins is usually at a higher price than on the exchanges. He could simply be purchasing bitcoin on a site like coinbase and then selling them on local Bitcoin, maybe making 5-10% on each transaction. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:30:26
Well some people are day trading it. Going back and forth from dollars to bitcoin to dollars in an attempt to beat the market. Hard to do that with a paper wallet.