@_author: ismashugood
@_date: 2018-01-08 20:20:06
credit card interest isn't something you can deduct off taxes, no.
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:31:37
I also think the massive price fluctuations would be an issue.  What do you base prices on if it changes wildly from minute to minute?  Basing prices on fiat is used partially because of how easy and stable it is.  An account filled with BTC or any crypto needs to have an easier more known value attached to it.  Maybe it'll stabilize with a larger userbase, but the larger userbase and wide spread case use would come once it's proved to be something people can use in every day life.
At the moment, nobody wants to buy things with BTC or any other crypto because the prices change so much that they're thinking they'd be throwing away a fortune in the future.  If nobody wants to actually use it, it's useless.  That's a huge problem from cryptos that I'm having right now.  Fiat is stable, and it has a set, agreed upon value.  Inflation and market demand of products dictate how much any object costs.  But USD as n example is relatively stable enough in every day life that you can comfortably label everything with a value using USD as a unit of measurement.  If crypto is to be used as a currency, the value needs to stabilize.  Otherwise it well never be more than another product/commodity like gold.  I still haven't heard of a solution or whether or not crypto will be able to overcome this problem I see.  Everyone is just looking to own and sell at a higher price.  Even people investing it because they believe in a coin's tech and look at it as investing in the future.  If you asked them to use their coins to buy something or to use them for a service or product, they never would.  To me, that's not currency anymore then.  
@_date: 2018-01-07 12:39:37
Oh god I am very nervous for you lol.  Don't forget you have to pay taxes on any profits you gain.  Factor that in when you say you're 3% up.  Getting audited by the IRS is not pleasant from what my friend has told me.  Also worth noting, if you have student debts or owe money in taxes, you won't be able to get off it by claiming bankruptcy.
Best of luck you crazy son of a bitch.
@_date: 2018-10-24 19:43:14
its because all the retards that don't actually know anything have lost all their money.  New money won't be coming in fast any time soon no matter how good the news.
@_date: 2018-10-24 19:43:25
its because all the retards that don't actually know anything have lost all their money trying to get rich quick.  New money won't be coming in fast any time soon no matter how good the news.
@_date: 2019-04-02 01:23:18
googled mathematics.  now what?  How does math dictate that the value of bitcoin will increase?  Please.  Explain to me.  I'm all for cryptocurrency, but I'm seeing a lot of aggressive know it all talk on these types of subreddits with literally nothing to back up their ideas.
I think it's a great concept, and i own it, and use it.  But there's literally nothing guaranteeing this will rise in value.  If stores and people don't trust it enough for daily use, it'll just be a blip in history for "oh hey remember that neat idea?".  You know what else people thought were good  investments and  would keep rising in value?  Fucking beanie babies.  I can throw out a shit load of stocks and currencies that have increased in value until it was all of a sudden worthless.  Crypto being "decentralized" and not under anyone's control does not make it an exception to the fact that if people think it's valueless, it's valueless.
So please, bust out this math yo.  Show me the algorithms you have.  This is a surefire thing huh?  lemme see the proof you got.
@_date: 2019-04-02 07:47:20
The argument that cryptocurrency is different than any other commodity or currency is nonsensical.  So  even though you think this is an absurd comparison, it really isn't.  The only difference between this any anything else is the idea that nobody controls it, and it can't be mass printed by governments.  Besides that, it's a commodity or a currency.  Same as USD, same as fucking beanie babies.  People trade them and make purchases with them.   It has value until people decide it doesn't.  You can ask for more up to  date examples, and you can argue that crypto is somehow  different than the rest and that rules don't apply.  But you'd be wrong.  Crypto has value now, and if people think it has more value later, it'll be worth more.  But the core concept of crypto is the same as everything else.  No currency or goods have value unless people say it does.
Not only that, but it doesn't even (fully) matter whether or not crypto solves real world problems in a better fashion than other solutions.  we know full well that doesn't always mean you become standard use case for the world.  People have chosen inferior tech and inferior products for decades.  Plenty of things that were superior to its competition have died out in the past, and they will die out in the future as well.  They'll go for something more convenient, or something more stable.  Shit, they can even go for something that's worse in  every category.  So to be so sure about the inevitable rise of  something is kind of crazy.
The argument that crypto will always continue an upward trend is just plain silly.  It may or may not, I hope it does, but don't try and act like there's some kind of mathematical logic to why it must go up in value.  That's all I'm saying.