@_author: ismcts
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:10:09
I am saying that energy will become our guaranteed interest rate to money instead of faith in credit system. It would happen only if Bitcoin becomes very big and stable.
If energy gives you guaranteed income it becomes something that you wouldn't toss around.
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:22:41
No changes to Bitcoin needed for LN. SegWit softfork needed for it's smooth operations already happened. No other coins. Channels that build the network are actually themselves Bitcoin-addresses (multisig 2-of-2).
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:52:37
There is no need to make a new word like "voucher", your bitcoins are still very much real bitcoins, the only difference is that they are placed in a 2-of-2 multisig address and you always have ability to settle a transaction with current balance on blockchain and other end of this channel can't settle previously agreed upon settlement transaction without fear of losing his part of the balance (it was invalidated during your negotiations of latest balance).
Hubs won't have real ability to instill crushing monopoly because of very little barrier of entry. Anyone using the system is part of the providers even! Market forces will push LN fees to very low levels: LN channels and paths won't be scarce as blockchain real estate.
I expect the life time of channels be bigger than a month and closes to be rarer than opens. If you don't need to spend _all_ your money than you have incentive to have open channels on the network, because funds in LN generally have more utility.
Unbalanced channel will become balanced again when a tx goes through it and lowering a fee of your channel is a good way to increase volume of txs. Or maybe you can even set negative but very small fee so someone will _want_ to transact through your channel and help you in the process.
LN does not scale 1mb blockchain to planetary size, but it is a spectacular step forward. Other scaling methods are multiplicative with LN: increasing blocksize increases utility of LN; changing node in LN's channel to a [trustless group of 0-fee in-group agreement rebalancing]( or any other methods will build upon LN.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:34:09
It is not guaranteed income. It is an interest rate of capital. Like USA has treasury bonds. People generally don't buy them or a lot of them because they are not profitable on average, but they are guaranteed.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:54:04
It isn't user-friendly right now. It is hard to use Bitcoin in the simplest form and to use programmable property of Bitcoin is too much too ask of mainstream and even quite technically literate people as of now.
One can try and imagine how this fundamental technical possibility can  translate to user-friendly reality.
Small transactions like buying coffee probably won't be bothered to use it, because it means fees (right now you _do_ pay those fees with credit cards it is just not visible to customer).
Large transactions like buying a car or even TV would be stupid to buy without third-party arbiter. House is insane.
Maybe it would be like a subscription: you integrate your wallet with some companies and automatically enable escrow for large transactions and disable for small ones. Merchant in this case would get transaction from you and arbiter and can decide to ignore it if he doesn't like your chose of arbiter. In this case your funds will automatically go back.
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:43:03
First, you need to trust your bank for that to work. If you do all transactions inside one country and that country is 1st world, full democracy, etc. than I would say this trust is justified. But, if you need international transactions or your country isn't a place where property rights are respected than this is a problem.
Now, how does bitcoin can eliminate trust in the merchant? The transaction is absolute. This is true, but not all transactions are created equal. If it says "give 1 bitcoin to X" that will happen absolutely. If the transaction says "put money into a 2-of-3 signature escrow address the sides of which are you, merchant and some private company-arbiter that validates real world transactions (trades with is's reputation)" than this is what happens and what is immutable. Bitcoin is programmable money.
Now you and your merchant are in control of decision what service to use breaking government monopoly.
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:07:14
Lets magnify the problem by couple of orders of magnitude. If bitcoin mining is responsible for, let's say, half of all electricity use than something cool happens after that x2 worsening (this also means global bitcoinification) -- electricity becomes the guaranteed and most stable return of your investment and everything becomes pegged by it. All the horrors of environment damage are so bad because electricity is cheap: there is a disconnect between how monetary invaluable it is (e.g. free/almost free at night because we have surplus) and moral (at least perceived) magnitude of damage dealt to environment.
This at last brings rational thought to frugal use of energy. **It builds a system that aligns morality and profitability. That is the most awesome thing that can happen to moral actions.**
And the sooner this happens the sooner we decide that energy is valuable not only on words but on monetary accounts too.
@_date: 2017-12-17 01:37:48
You can eyeball current best fee looking at this graph: 
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:42:40
Fork is a change in Bitcoin as a protocol. For a fork to happen it needs consensus between miners (strong majority votes for the fork). Softfork means that previous versions of software will still have their full capabilities, but maybe not all which are now possible. Hardfork means that previous versions of software will stop working and you will be forced to upgrade.
Alternatively, some miners can decide to create a hardfork that splits the blockchain with everyone on one chain and those miners on the other. It is more of a creation of a new coin that so happens to choose initial distribution of coins equivalent to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:13:51
Yes, it is the simplest smart contract. 
Bitcoin protocol itself already makes possible LN, smart contracts, escrow and all that. Of what I have seen from a few glances right now in Bitcoin base level itself hot topics like Confidential Transactions (makes amount of bitcoins in a transaction invisible, but verifiable to tell that sum of all inputs and outputs adds up to 0).
There is no one dev team tho. Some devs work on Bitcoin, some on LN, some on wallets, etc.
I don't know much about rootstock.
@_date: 2017-12-17 13:27:36
Gold cannot be truly lost, while bitcoins can be. If you drop gold into volcano, you can mine gold when it settles or use some hypothetical extraction methods, because gold atoms are never lost. If you send bitcoins on paper wallet without backup that was generated securely and then burn the paper, these bitcoins are as good as never existed.
To have the computational ability to recover these bitcoins is like having technology to quickly, cheaply and reliably use thermonuclear energy stored in water to transmute lead into gold which is absolutely theoretically possible.
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:15:58
Real time fees in visual and understandable form: 
I would pay 100-140 sat/byte if I needed transaction right now, 70 if I was willing to wait ~a few hours and 20-40 if I am willing to wait days (but only if my wallet supports fee replacement like Electrum).
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:43:05
The way of going back, scaling down isn't viable, really, because it is based on restriction policies that are fragile and not global. The only way is the way forward as I see it. The moment energy becomes valuable, all research and tech in energy production efficiency becomes more valuable. And all wasteful applications prunes away.
Maybe I am wrong and petro companies would just loop onto themselves burning everything burnable on Earth, but I think this will not happen because there are classical more profitable ways to multiply capital like stocks outperform treasury bonds.
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:47:53
Effective altruism is a movement that is aimed to find, evaluate and support most effective charities. Effectiveness of different non-profits varies on a scale of several orders of magnitude, so a choice of charity may be more important than it may seem. I suggest you look at some of their recommendations. I personally like [GiveWell]( Cost-effectiveness of top charities for saving 1 life is estimated to be ~$200-$4000. So, about a grand for a life.
Edit: thanks for ~ ~~0.5~~ ~~1.1~~ 1.4 human×years in reddit gold equivalent!
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:08:44
- It isn't just "cure a child from malaria and then drop him/her in a ditch". Their estimations include difficult value choices like ratio between saving a life and elevating one's income from poverty. You can look at different value calls (as well as other less ephemeral assumptions) of GiveWell [here]( If you have a worm in your body or your child is sick, you can't really be productive. These interventions boost economy as well.
- Not all of Effective Altruism community thinks the same. For example, a sizable part thinks that mitigating existential risk from AI Nick Bostrom style is far more effective.
@_date: 2017-12-17 22:45:29
Valid unconfirmed transactions quickly spread through the network of full nodes kind of like bittorrent works. And then to confirm the order and to eliminate double spend they are put into blocks with proof of work by miners. Then these blocks if considered valid by nodes are propagated through the same network.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:07:50
Yes, I agree and even go a bit further: if Bitcoin matures and becomes stable and big than mining will give to energy predictable and easy to convert monetary value. This makes energy valuable and so any currently 'wasteful' uses of energy start to be not only morally but also economically unsound.
Some can argue though that this appreciation in value of energy will drive petro in a "burn anything burnable for profit" frenzy and I am unsure how strong this argument is in economic sense. I don't know what will win: decrease in wastefulness and demand incentives or increase in production incentives. But this will drive rate of innovation in research as effectiveness will become more of a priority and surely burning coal and oil is a much more mature field than renewable energy.
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:03:14
I see three points here.
- First, this swap of hard bitcoins to hypothetical Bitcoin Notes is far harder to do, because the bitcoins themselves are no worse then Bitcoin Notes in terms of portability, fraud-resistance, etc. Fiat has those advantages over gold, for example. So, there is little reason for existence of Bitcoin Notes when you can use multisig to have best of both worlds.
- Governments and co. who are direct beneficiaries of the transition away from gold standard controlled everything there is about money which isn't true about crypto.
- And, most importantly, **not your bitcoins -- no participation in higher layers** because you need to lock them in multisig addresses corresponding to channels. You can't use Lightning Network trough fractional bitcoin reserve bank! They just don't have enough funds to open channels.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:08:55
That is precisely the problem that effective altruism tries to solve. They are the meta of non-profits, they evaluate others and publish their analysis and recommendations.
@_date: 2017-12-17 01:28:31
This won't help either. The difficulty adjusts to be 10 mins per block no matter the number of miners be it 100 laptops or 1000 supercomputers.
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:29:24
If you look at log plot of bitcoin price you would see that on the scale of a few years it is extra exponential (steeper than linear on log graph). Even moon math is sub-exponential. So, I expect some kind of correction. If it happens from the moon to stratosphere or from the sky to Vegeta is remains to be seen.
Alternatively, extra-exponential trend can gradually slow down, but IMO overshooting and undershooting is much more probable.
@_date: 2017-12-17 02:02:18
My favorite video about basics of Bitcoin is [this]( because it is the most accessible technical explanation that does not use analogies for it's mechanics and gives most of fundamental motivations.
For Bitcoins place and significance for society Andreas is best, as have been mentioned.
@_date: 2017-11-25 09:54:47
Don't do this! There is no safe way to cut corners in entropy of your seed. You own mostly only popular books which use only mostly popular words and you choose them bunched together, etc. You will have something like 20-40 bits of protection. A bit better than "qwerty123".
@_date: 2017-11-25 14:29:16
It's my guesstimate. There are something like 10^7 popular books and 10^6 starting positions, plus a little for the numerical shift. This upper bound totals to 23+20+some more. But, you should really discount for distributions of books popularity, [words distributuions]( that skew your "random" choice.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:46:01
In theory you can use 2-of-3 multi-signature transaction with a trusted regulatory third party that oversees your purchase be it a private company or otherwise.