@_author: isthatbbq
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:53:09
SC2 has way less viewers than any of the major eSports scene at the moment. It's a dying/stagnating scene. It would be wise to invest your money into an up and comer like DotA2 instead.
@_date: 2014-03-12 03:00:26
Hearthstone tournaments do not pull more, I agree, but it is also a brand new game that is still in beta. The fact that it's regular viewership completely eclipses Starcraft 2 already is insane, and is an indicator of rapid growth once the scene starts getting more competitive. This is also true for all the other games I mentioned before. In terms of regular viewership on twitch, Starcraft 2 does not hold a candle to Hearthstone, DotA2 or CSGO.
See [here]( Dreamhack Winter pulled nearly 100k viewers on twitch alone for CSGO, edging out SC2 slightly. However, this did not account for the other 50k+ viewers watching in game, which completely blows SC2 out of the water for DHW since they have no option for in game viewing. 
It is also worth noting that DotA2 also had similar stats to CSGO (with a large viewer base in game), although the Dreamleague tournament was much smaller scale (only 6 invited teams iirc) so, if even a small scale tournament like that can pull large numbers, it's a no brainer to invest in DotA2. 
Investing into Starcraft now is equivalent to paying for life support. Pull the plug now, and devote your resources to something better elsewhere (ie, Hearthstone, CSGO, DotA2). I only don't mention league because the scene is already thriving and the little money r/bitcoin is offering is best put towards growth, as it will make little difference in the League scene.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:15:51
Those numbers also didn't account for the large amounts of viewers watching from RU and FR streams where the Counter Strike community is huge.
And I don't see anywhere where I suggested to only consider the number one in esports either. I clearly stated that I would not like this money to go towards League of Legends.
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:24:23
Not at all. Outside ARTS, games like Hearthstone and Counter Strike GO routinely pull more viewers than Starcraft does during down times, and probably pulls equal if not more during premier tournaments as well (Dreamhack Winter was crazy for CSGO, and it's only getting bigger).
Whereas Starcraft 2 is being dropped left and right, first by MLG (the tournament that popularized SC2 in NA in the first place), and now by NASL. The NA scene is dying if not already dead, while all other games are thriving in it's place.