@_author: istrezoranon
@_date: 2014-10-08 15:19:45
How can Trezor be used anonymously?
Is only logging into mytrezor.com with a VPN good enough?
If anyone has a detailed method on step by step instructions to use my trezor and spend from it anonymously I would love to know.
To spend anonymously and have no single point of failure in my bitcoin recovery strategy so far I have:
Step1: 
Pay for a vpn service with bitcoin that don't store logs. [Private Internet Access]( are good
Step2: 
The mytrezor.com interface requires a browser plugin, and I have failed to configure Firefox to use tor. So instead of using tor, start a fresh connection to the vpn, and use the mytrezor plugin on your browser
Step3: 
Set up the Trezor and write the 24 word seed on paper. Also note down the first public address of the Trezor 'Account' on paper. Exit the browser and shut down computer.
Step4: 
Launch [TAILS OS]( on a USB stick or CD (safer). 
Connect to Tor and go to [PassGuardian]( AND [BIP39 mnemonic checker](  
Unplug your ethernet and disconnect from the internet. Passguardian and the BIP39 checker run in browser whilst offline and will be used to encrypt the 24 word Trezor seed into 'shares' using Shamir's Secret Sharing Scheme and then verify the backup made without compromising the backup. 
Enter the 24 word seed into passguardian, and choose the option to split into 7 'Shares' with a threshold of 3 shares required to decrypt the seed. 
Save each of the 7 individual 'shares' (very long strings of letters and numbers) as a text document on it's own fresh USB stick, that has never seen the internet. 
Step5. Verify that your backup of the 7 shares decode to your trezor seed. Copy and paste each of the 7 shares from each USB stick, and paste them all into the 'Reconstruct' section of PassGuardian and decode the 24 word seed.
If that works, copy the decoded 24 word seed into the [BIP39 mnemonic checker](
A list of public addresses will be listed, compare the public address you wrote down before rebooting to TAILS. If they match up, your backup can be relied upon.
If you have an offline printer and you can get it to work with TAILS then print out each of the 7 shares. If you don't trust your printer, then you can print them somewhere else, even public and insecure so long as you only reveal less than 3 shares. Use a different computer in a separate location to ensure you reveal less than 3 shares to the same IP. Use your vpn if you can, but not essential.
After printing, shut down tails and make sure the internet has been disconnected the whole time.
If the threshold is 3 shares then any less than 3 reveals no useful information. 
Pair each USB stick to its printout to give to trusted family members or friends. So long as you trust them to act in your best interest and not collude with 2 (perhaps unknown) other trustees then they can be trusted.
Keep 2 shares for yourself (so you only have to call upon 1 trustee if you need a backup) but leave instructions that in the event of your death the trustees announce themselves to eachother and then discuss how to spend the money as detailed in your will which will require a majority vote of 3/5, leaving room for 2 trustees to be uncontactable. 
Only connect to mytrezor through a VPN
Move funds to the Trezor device through bitcoin mixing services, only accessed through tor. Such as [BitcoinFog]( to remove your Identity from already owned coins. Only buy new coins in cash.
Try to order physical items to Pickup locations at supermarkets and avoid linking your ID.
If you have to link your ID to a purchase, for delivery for example, mix your coins from the trezor before sending to that address. This is inconvenient right now but with developments such as [DarkWallet]( these practices should be trivial
Feedback wanted!
@_date: 2014-10-10 11:09:49
'Account' is a sub-wallet within the Trezor that holds unlimited bitcoin addresses within itself
@_date: 2014-10-10 00:12:19
SOLVED IT
In case anyone was interested I kept making Accounts by sending a small amount of bitcoin to each new one and my lost bitcoin turned up in Account 
It would seem that the device only looks ahead by one account, and could lead to scare situations like mine
@_date: 2014-10-10 00:27:16
Now I have a new problem.
I sent bitcoin from armory (where i currently have bitcoin) to trezor.
I sent a transaction to account 6 on mytrezor. Account 6 is the last usable one (which I didn't know). I checked the public key and authorized the transaction on Armory. Now I see that mytrezor hasn't loaded the transaction while armory shows that a transaction of the specific amount has left my wallet. But when I try to view the transaction on the blockchain I am told that the transaction does not exist.
Where have my bitcoin gone?
Edit: Armory has listed a transaction ID, but it does not exist on the blockchain. What should I do?
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:52:09
How would one 'run it locally'?
Do you mean connect it to electrum on an offline computer?
One major benefit of a trezor was it's ease to spend securely, having it set up offline would remove that.