@_author: itbeetsme
@_date: 2015-12-13 09:01:52
Thanks for all your answers!
I'll combine your suggestions and search for bitcoin wallets on github. Although its not obvious at first sight which ones need Bitcoin Core (running as a daemon?) already. But I will look through them.
On the other hand, although I said "wallet", I'm not too sure what the word is used for. I wouldn't mind just managing a collection of addresses by hand at first.


I meant that I didn't want to have to read client code that was very long. I actually prefer to clone a repository and compile it myself (if compiling is needed).




How much information do these vending machine need and do they take cash (these machines are sort of what I meant by ATMs)?
What's the estimated time on mining (to get to 1 BTC)? Like in your answer, I thought even with a network of computers its utterly worthless now.
The other options seem to have more or less the same concern as Local Bitcoin (I need to show up in person, although this lets me pay cash which is nice).


This is a pretty good suggestions. Turn some existing income to bitcoin if they offer that option.




I don't quite understand how nodes can (in)validate miners' work. I thought no mining means no control over the blockchain? I guess you could choose not to spread the new chain somehow.


This is reassuring although there might not be so many legacy users when I do want to do something with the coins. But thanks for confirming that this kind of thing is basically unavoidable.
@_date: 2015-12-13 09:22:57


But its also very large and possibly complex. I'm still hoping to do a bit of my own vetting.


This looks interesting. Thanks! But then can't you just send Amazon gift cards directly? I guess there's always the question of escrow. But you have it for purse.io too.
I can't see how much recent activity there is on purse.io from just their website. And they don't need any personal information (if I don't want a high Buyer Level)?


Well, I was honestly hoping not to spend too much time setting this up. Although I'm willing to give it a bit more time this time around.
@_date: 2015-12-13 09:40:15
Thank you! Although it looks like even the bot through you paid me is introducing a fee (on top of the bitcoin transaction fee). From [their wiki](


@_date: 2015-12-13 15:50:14


Thanks for the suggestion. I cloned [its repository]( but alas, it looks like its 33209 lines (which is almost as much as Bitcoin Core. Even without plugins, gui and tests, its still about 13k lines.
I looked at a [sample usage video]( I really don't need something this fancy. Minimal and command-line would be better.
I also don't like the idea of having the private key on the same machine that connects to the web (needed to make and check transactions, of course). I'd rather have the private key on one computer and a list of public keys on the other, with manual transfers (maybe through a QR code to make it faster).


Maybe I'll do that instead. Sounds like less work. :)


This would be the best option if it takes no info. Is there a list of machine locations (and how much information they are set to take at the moment)?


I didn't know that. This sounds like a good second option from the one above.


I see. So it won't update information for its own chain. If lots of nodes ignore it, that would prevent future transactions based on that block from being confirmed.
@_date: 2015-12-13 15:51:44
Wow! That's really generous of you. Er, but someone else already said that. Still, thank you.
@_date: 2015-12-13 16:06:49


If you mean get a copy of the current version, read the source and then run it, please see my answer to &gt; For significant amounts of bitcoins, you should generate your wallet on offline machine 
Its not for a significant amount, but it is for an amount I may not watch over every day. This is otherwise what I wanted to do anyways. Except I *only* want an offline wallet.


A good practical suggestion. Thanks!
I thought I'd have to move (some) private key out to make outgoing transfers but it looks like I don't need to by signing.
@_date: 2015-12-13 16:37:03


That was a serious oversight from me. This may prove to be very useful!
@_date: 2015-12-13 20:02:21


I suppose its all the same since its not compiled, but usually I would do that with something that handles private information.
I still think I'll just have a cold one in the end, with addresses created as needed. If it becomes too inconvenient, I may reconsider.
@_date: 2015-12-13 16:10:59
Your suggestion is sensible and the first I thought of. Usually, that's what I do, although it involves me rearranging my operations around the new fee structure rather than outright changing banks. But I wanted to avoid having to "answer" to their changes once in a while.
And this time, it does involve a switch, so I looked to bitcoin at the same time as other alternatives.
@_date: 2015-12-13 19:57:40
I'd really like to rant and chat about this but I don't think I will give more information about myself than I already have, at least not yet. All the banks here are bad in different ways, at least from the information they provide.


You meant that you paid no fees at all or that there weren't any _unexpected_ charges? What prompted this isn't an unexpected charge, its an unexpected change.
@_date: 2015-12-13 15:58:17


Still companies could presumably declare their holdings on the blockchain (and verify this by having customer request a from address on payouts)? Or would that not help?
Its still interesting to see what can and cannot be done.


The problem with other currency is storage (or at least that's the problem I have now).
@_date: 2015-12-13 22:24:12
Wow! That's an insanely good deal you got. I did try to ask for reduced/waived fees. It didn't work. I had a card stolen once. I think the replacement time was one week.
Well, either way, I'm about to find out if switching is going to help.