@_author: itburnswhenyoupeee
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:26:40
I understand the initial thought that Bitcoin is not diversified investment but please try and suspend your disbelief for a moment.
I would contend that BTC is diversified against all other fiat/assets, as all fiat/currency areas that are seeing capital flight into BTC. The Yen/Euro/USD/Dinar/Bolivar/etc. currencies each share a piece of the demand picture for BTC. The nature of BTC is such that it can be traded (to anyone who will take it) for anything (currency/goods&amp;services/other assets). I give it to my hair stylist is a tip!
BTC truly is a new class of risk free asset, hence why so many liken it to Digital Gold. Now, I understand there is currently Exchange rate price volatility risk. But one should realize that the Exchange volatility is being driven by Fiat capital flow volatility, rather than the volatility of new Bitcoin entering the market (excluding Mr. Ver’s rage quit pump and dump). The nature of controlled supply released into the economy inherently makes BTC the stable store of value that most BTCers understand. Markets are thinly traded and most HODLers understand their coins are probably worth $100k+.
I get that it sounds a bit counter intuitive to think of this new investable asset as the risk free basis for all other assets. Read that twice. 
If this wasn’t the case, why do so many call it “Digital Gold” and “Store of Value”? It’s because when you buy 1BTC, you KNOW you have 1BTC relative to a fixed 21M potential supply.  When one values their net worth in BTC rather than in USD, the switch has mentally been flipped what it truly means to be free of our current debt based fiat system and own a “fixed”, hard asset.
All the best!
@_date: 2017-11-23 01:36:20
Same here.
I’m an MBA-Corp Finance (lots of graduate level Wall St Finance classes) and see Bitcoin as THE BEST PERFORMING ASSET ON THE PLANET!
Underlying fundamentals are strong. 
Core Dev team, extremely competent and guiding BTC along the lines of what I want. 
Read:Digital Gold / Hard Money.
Over the past 4 months I’ve bought $50k+ of BTC.
Liquidated an IRA, taking the tax penalty.
Minimized my 401k contributions to maximize employer match.
Continue to plow more USD into Bitcoin.
Started at around 60% of net worth.
Around 75% now.
Ready for it to be 99%+. 
That will test my resolve towards diversification.
Yet, the realization that Bitcoin IS diversified against all other FIAT is well apparent.
NEVER GIVING MY KEYS UP TO ANYONE.
Maybe lend BTC to a bank as collateral for a loan or CD when the market develops.
Stocks are WAY OVERVALUED and that only furthers the Bitcoin investment thesis, in that there is far to much FIAT in the system to allow for efficient capital allocation.
HODL strong kids. Forget the Lambos. Study hard and buy a Turbo Cirrus or Bonanza. 
Blue skies and tail winds.