@_author: itellmachinesthings
@_date: 2017-12-01 21:28:14
I asked my employer about this a while ago and the law department said that it is unlawful in the US to pay employees in unrecognized currencies due to minimum wage laws and tax issues. They claimed Bitcoin was officially recognized by the IRS as a commodity and that unless my wages were paid in whole for full-time agricultural work and the commodity was agricultural in nature, that I cannot be paid for any portion of my wage with it. They also said that the cash portion of your wage has to be "fair compensation" relative to people in similar titles and experience levels.
They did extend a comment that they were looking into retirement accounts with Bitcoin investment options that would also qualify with an employer match though!
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:51:04
I’m waiting for that sweet midlife crisis before that.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:19:38
You can look up your bitcoin wallet address on an independent website and see that they've logged a transaction to your address. How could that be fractional reserve? The only way it's possible is if they just made a transaction out of your wallet for you, without your consent, which is illegal in the US. They're based in the US. They're FDIC insured. They break the law or get hacked, insurance pays your funds back to you. But yes, keeping your wallet on your unreliable hard disk in your house that could burn down is a great idea. I 100% agree with people using their own wallets and backing them up if they feel they will be safer, but you're just misinforming people here. Coinbase is fine, although they charge high fees and people should use their backend called GDAX.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:38:56
You never really said anything bad about Coinbase beyond the accusation that their goal is to somehow swindle their user base. That would not be an economically smart move for them, considering how much money they already make off of people who pay the fees. They provide me a service as a merchant and I'm fine paying moderate fees for the convenience of withdrawing my deposits directly to my bank account so that I can pay my employees including myself. Also, a "federal prosecutor" joining the board of directors is not a bad thing, but Kathryn Haun was not a federal prosecutor. She was counsel to an attorney general and has tons of experience in financial crime specifically around digital currencies. You have some mighty fine paranoid delusions there.