@_author: itinte
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:31:30
Hey, I've been working on the subject for quite some time now and we managed to develop a machine learning model based on blockchain technical data to predict the daily price movements of the currency, which is pretty accurate (more than 75% accuracy over 30 test days).  At what point of your research are you ? Have you read Colianni's paper (Stanford)? Or Mahan's ? I'd be glad to talk to you with more details 
@_date: 2017-12-21 09:07:28
Hello sir, 
I'm sorry I made a typo in my comment and I did not see the papers you pinned. I was talking about Madan's and not Mahan's and you already mentionned it. 
As you can see, the students from Stanford manage to score a impressive 90+% on the daily price prediction. Amazed by these results me and my team actually tried to reproduce this study. 
Unfortunately the paper might be only a Master course project but not a real thesis. 
Therefore the score they actually show suffers from "test overfitting" ; I don't know how much ML skills you have but the very word of "test over fitting can sound weird, since we usually overfit the training set. Problem is that those kind of models for time series requires a lot of hyperparameters and they choose them regarding of the test score - which is a kind à overfit. 
We tried to avoid the problem by doing cross validation in order to choose the right hyperparameters but this was not easy on time series.
Moreover, in any forecasting problem, you have to be careful with stationarity. This is a mathematical concept you should have a look at. It is mandatory that your timeseries is stationary before you study it. Otherwise you are just playing with a pure random phenomenon and it is pointless to forecast it. 
TLDR: 
- Madan's paper model (90% score) would not be be able to generalize well on real data since it is too correlated with their dataset.
- to avoid this: do cross validation which is not simple on time series
- before any time series study : be carful with stationarity (a central theorem that really few ML papers mention) 
EDIT: to answer your questions:
- my dataset stopped on November 24th 2017 so I did not test it on the last dips 
- check a paper named something like: automated bitcoin trading with sentiment analysis by Colianni and some others
- I would not be able to share the code with you but I can discuss it further and perhaps share the paper we wrote 
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:09:15
Some adresses of those 4.11% represents pools or exchanges cloud wallets where loads of people still store their coins 
@_date: 2017-06-14 22:54:37
This would not affect the core tech. All exchanges would be affected as they are almost all of them trading with dollars and therefore subject to the OFAC regulations for instance. But less exchanges, less offer, higher prices 