@_author: itrolling
@_date: 2014-07-01 13:21:38
Unfortunately, it seems that [Amazon isn't going to be accepting Bitcoins]( I read a different article (which I can't find currently) that speculated why Amazon may not accept bitcoins. One, was that Amazon is very bank-friendly, and two, Amazon has [its own currency]( it may want to use in the future for purchasing products. Perhaps, it's possible you may earn credits for reviews, ect. 
Walmart on the other hand seems to like working around banks, and to some degree (with the "deposit your check at Walmart" model) wants to become its own bank. So given these couple of things, I'm going to guess Walmart would be the first to accept it. The only problem is, a majority of Walmart customers aren't all that tech savvy (this is only my assumption from experience). So, it may not happen for a while. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:42:22


Why is this always such a huge concern in North America? It seems that this idea has be perpetuated throughout the general public. Discussing your salary or how much you make is some kind of super-secret that no one wants to share.
It seems like an idea that was introduced by corporations and the rich to prevent people from speaking to one another and discovering unjust practices and unfair pay. Let all the money earned be public, it's not going to make a damn difference! At least not for the ones that ~~aren't~~ are being paid their fare share. Fuck this class warfare.
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:09:25


I'd like some sources on this, because I have never read anywhere that people discovering someone's salary exposed some trade secret. That sounds ridiculous to me.
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:10:26


That's not true at all. If it's about performance, you can give people raises based on performance and wouldn't have to affect everyone else with the same job. As long as your PROVE their performance, it shouldn't be an issue.
@_date: 2015-01-04 01:02:11
I never implied a global crisis. As a matter of fact, the world is protecting itself against it by creating EU (European Union), NAU (North American Union), and USAN (Union of South American Nations).
Now that those systems are in place, there is a possibility for the USD to fail (as a matter of fact, you'd want to squeeze as much as possible before failure - ahem, current bull-run we're seeing) before exiting to a new money system. In the event of a USD collapse, the US would have to default on its loans, but we own 92% of the US debt, so the people that are going to pay the most are the people that bought all those "secure" government bonds.
So, what I'm getting to is that you can only create debt to a certain level. At some level (something higher than today), no one will have the ability/money to buy debt. This is because, for example, unemployment is high, and no regular Joe invests into the market (this year has been one of the worse). Unemployment rates as of today are an inaccurate reflection of reality; many people have given up looking for jobs, and therefor no longer count as part of the unemployment rate. Additionally, people that are graduating college are also having trouble finding jobs. So, they're already in debt out of school, and no way to pay back on that debt. No one left to buy the debt either. Now you have yourself a HUGE problem. This is what we're leading to, and there additional factors to consider like hyperinflation. The more debt you create, the more money you print, and the more your dollar today is worth less tomorrow.
@_date: 2015-01-04 01:34:12
I was typing a long response and lost it by accidentally clicking back on my browser. I refuse to type it all out again, but I'll say this.
*The super-rich elite control the 99%.
*Other countries will stop investing into the dollar as soon as they see a fall. No reason to exit if you're still winning.
*The Chinese are playing poker. Doesn't matter to rationalize the debt they hold as it's insignificant level. They don't want to make the same mistake the USSR did by refusing all cooperation. The rich Chinese (political officials) will still have "won" if US pulls out. After all, a majority of the shit China produces is cheap plastic stuff that we can absolutely go without. The US over consumes, and creates debt in doing that.
*History has proven this collapse is more than plausible. In fact, inescapable unless there's some cool trick the super-rich elite pull.
*You still didn't explain how the 2007 crash came about if not lying from inside the system.
In essence, the rich will ALWAYS win at the expense of the 99%. The 99% are always kept chasing the "American Dream" and many strategies are implemented to keep people inept *enough* to never rebel. Those that have, or tried to rebel are removed in one way or another.
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:19:28
The are many people underemployed, and/or working multiple jobs part-time.You also have a lot of people that have stopped looking for jobs that don't count as part of the unemployment figure. Also, young people coming out of college with debt are having a harder and harder time finding jobs, leading to further debt problems since loans could default in dramatic rates. In fact, the majority of the jobs are going to people in their 50s. There's also been an increase in the workforce of people 60-70s; which could mean people are coming OUT of retirement to work. 
So, that still is okay with you? Unemployment figures are reasonable to look at without all those factors involved? The government would tell you "YEAH!" and I'm telling you that Spain had these same kind of numbers. As did Greece. As did Portugal. As did Italy.
@_date: 2015-01-03 21:59:46
Did you ignore my entire argument before this last sentence? You will have relatively ZERO buying power if the USD collapses. It'll be $100 for a gallon of water. If you hold on to Bitcoin and USD crashes, you wouldn't feel it's effect for 70% of the BTC volume is in Yuan. Make sense???
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:31:54
I never said public data. But within a company, people working within that company should know what everyone makes.
Also, criminals of all kinds live around all of us. It's completely ridiculous to assume that because they're criminals of some type, that they're going to commit crimes against you. IIRC, most people that kidnap others already know the person they're going to kidnap, and the people they're going to demand the money from. They don't just randomly show up in a wealthy neighborhood and randomly start holding people for ransom.
What makes you think that knowing someone's salary is directly going to lead to kidnapping? They may know what kind of money they can demand, but there are way more variables to a kidnapping than that.
Sounds like you've grown up with a paranoiac state of mind.
@_date: 2015-01-03 21:01:41


Honestly, this is a tremendously good reason to hold on to Bitcoin. No matter how far down it goes, it's better than keeping your money in USD if it collapses (many economists agree on the impending doom). I really do think the USD will collapse; at best, shortly after the next recession/crash currency reform to switch the Amero will likely occur, and perhaps keep the USD afloat during the transition period.
The beauty is you can convert your currency to any stronger currency than the dollar, easily.
@_date: 2015-01-04 00:19:06


So you're saying that the measures we use in the US for our seemingly steady growth out of recession are accurate? How can you even say that with a straight face?


What makes you think they aren't? There are people outside of the US making the same claims. You're certainly not going to get those assertions on American television, because MURICA!!


The money is what has kept their mouths shut. There are numerous successful people coming out stating the same things I'm saying here. The SAME super-intelligent people you're referring to are making assertions against this very system that is telling lies. How do you explain 2007 crash?


Why is it implausible? You're not giving any reason why it's implausible. In fact, there are more possibilities that it's plausible than in implausible. Given that the Feds have the control over printing of money, it's pretty clear to see how manipulation of the markets would be easy.


China only holds about 8% of our debt, while we own the other 92%. Financial markets are nothing more than a gamble in the end, and the Chinese stand to gain if we gain, and gain if we lose. To them, it's nothing more than "diversifying" their portfolio. As a matter of fact, we're likely never to come through on those loans, and it'll affect China almost none.


Right, because the NAU, Euro, USAN/UNASUR aren't real right? I have no theory on "world-spanning" conspiracy, that wasn't even remotely close to the essence of my comments. My comments have to do with simple *economics*, and none of what we have in the US is sustainable. Unifying Mexico and Canada with the USA makes a lot of sense from an economics stand-point. All of the 3 nations would stand to gain; cooperating in economics is always better than fully competing with one another. You can ensure everyone wins "equally."
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:02:57
So you're suggesting that people skeptical about a system working against the middle class is somehow chicken? That's hilarious. Good try CIA/FBI/Obama/Ect.
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:24:27
These are all examples, and none of them are proven, and none of them seem realistic. None of them imply anything to me; a lot of other factors would have be involved to make the huge conspiracy leap like your making in your examples.
What I'm getting at is that there is a social stigma related to discussing salaries. I already know what people around me are getting paid, but that's not the point. The point is that SOMEHOW a social stigma has been created, and it clearly seems that people running corporations are the ones that have perpetuated the stigma in order to create unequal pay on many levels. Still today, we see women being paid less on average than men for the same jobs; and that's just one *real* example.
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:48:13


The mathematics are there. It doesn't take a very intelligent person to figure out the rate at which we are borrowing money in the US is unsustainable. Not to mention that ALL of the numbers like GDP, CPI, ect. aren't real/accurate numbers. Statistical lies are being formed to prevent the general public from reacting.
I suggest you read/listen to [Peter Schiff]( to get a view point different than what is being fed to general public. The problem is that very few people look beyond what they're fed on the news for an indication of the future. At some point it becomes as simple as Demand and Supply, no more complicated than the effect of gravity holding us to Earth.
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:16:35
Then it sounds like they were underpaid to begin with! Plus, there are so many other factors that people consider than just salary. Sooo many.
@_date: 2015-01-04 02:01:24
Why do you say the math doesn't support it? High unemployment rate, and high debt means that no one is left to buy government bonds (government debt). More printed money from bailouts means indirect taxing against your dollar that leads to higher prices. I could go on, but I'm sure you get my point on how the math/numbers aren't looking good.


Why is he an idiot? He sounds very, very reasonable. Perhaps, a little dramatic at times but nothing of what he said in this specific video ( seems unreasonable nor false.
It is interesting though, that we don't question this economic system in the US more than we do given what happened in 2007. I'll go as far as to say that perhaps I'm too much of a skeptic, but it's clear that system is simply not sustainable, and given history every empire falls. I mean, take something as simple as: We have a shrinking middle class. I don't know about you, but that means the system isn't working!