@_author: itsatarpchewie
@_date: 2015-07-23 11:08:34


ooh, the Core devs would absolutely hate that.
@_date: 2015-07-23 10:42:33
As someone HODLing since 2011, I'm waiting for XT and to see the uptake. I tend to think that if a majority of nodes switch to XT, this may force the Core devs to re-evaluate their position. May. It also may not, I can certainly imagine them being stick in the muds, which just reinforces why XT is so necessary. We absolutely need separate development teams to ensure there are... options.
My gut feeling is that anyone using Core are not "random people". Bitcoin.org itself doesn't even particularly promote Core above other wallets, and I imagine the average user will download a couple and use the one that actually works without them having to wait hours/days (i.e. not Core). What's more likely to matter is the choices made by Electrum server providers or any other wallet that relies on a third party.
Ultimately, it'll go down like this:
- wait and see XT uptake. Do enough people trust in it and its mission?
- if there is significant uptake, see what the miners do... Do THEY trust it, do they care what the community at large think?
- if the miners get on board, we're away! Otherwise, no deal, and we're back where we started.
- (potentially: this all takes so long that Lightning Network is finished in the meantime, and we can all live happily together and go back to using Core.)
And there's really nothing we can do except wait and see what happens. Petitioning the existing Core devs has proven to be a useless endeavour.
Yes, as a long term member of this community I feel quite disillusioned with the current developer climate. It feels like there has been a coup by a group of developers who seem strangely oblivious to the clear fact that if western governments decided to crack down on Bitcoin, they could utterly kill it at the network level. They ignore the protections Bitcoin can gain by fast growth and becoming intertwined tightly with as much legitimate commerce as possible. This aspect of decentralisation seems to be ignored because they genuinely believe they can fight governments and win.
Yet, Bitcoin still remains the best we have, if the goal is a universal currency.