@_author: itsanearthquakerun
@_date: 2017-03-29 08:12:31
Just because someone is accredited with inventing something doesnt mean they have a full grasp of it nor future iterations. I wouldnt expect Henry Ford to know how the current generation of Ford motor cars works. Nor would I expect Bill Gates to know how windows 10 works. Just saying.
@_date: 2017-03-29 08:57:13
I think you should reread your comment or learn a bit more about English or building an argument. You started your discussion on an assumption that i am a BU supporter. From that you escalated it to saying im stupid. Seems pretty cut and dry to me. At this point i still think you should try applying your own advice to yourself.
I also see you cannot understand that there are multiple nuances to any given thing especially when it comes to inventing, starting or being the first to anything. So i will give a couple of examples.
Bill Gates at one point stated that there would never be a need for a 64bit pc. Now Bill Gates is far and away one of the many more intelligent people alive today. What he said was wrong and yet he can essentially be accredited with bringing us the pc and many of the things that followed from it. So he clearly didnt have a full understanding of everything "computer" and how things would progress. 
Leonardo da vinci essentially invented the helicopter. If you look at his drawings he clearly he didnt know that you would need a rotor spinning in the opposite direction to ensure stability when you have an object that moves as a helicopter does. 
So im sure as you can see things can progress often in ways that founders can never understand or foresee. Things can change a lot from one generation of technology to another. If you really cannot see how simple this truth is, then I truly do pity you.
@_date: 2017-03-29 08:43:00
Insulting someone based on a poor assumption. Especially escalating that assumption to a point you find distasteful bevause of whatever trivial reason. I hope you can see the irony in that. Perhaps you should apply your advice closer to home. Either ways; I only sub to this subreddit because i find bitcoin interesting and every now and then something interesting comes out of here. 
Its not at all irrelevant. Just because one starts something doesnt mean they know everything about it... do you really struggle with that concept?
