@_author: itsgameoverman
@_date: 2014-09-22 05:26:16
Sure, the fees suck, but you are paying for the platform. Without eBay (or other similar online platforms), where would you list your items? Make your own website and hope people come? eBay provides an established platform in which millions of people visit, have accounts, and feel comfortable with. That's what you are paying the fee for. Is it high? Sure, but that part really has nothing to do with Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:14:37
Well, the fact is that it's not whether the person is an idiot or not, it's simply the law whether we like it or not. You are obligated to follow it. Now, you can make a personal choice to ignore it but if you ever get looked at regarding the issue, you have no grounds to stand on.
The reason why this is a potential issue is because BTC is not the functional, standard currency. You don't pay tax on simply holding and spending USD because that is the functional currency of the US. Appreciation and depreciation is inflation or deflation. With Bitcoin, it is like a "foreign currency". People speculate on foreign currency, and pay taxes on the appreciation in the exchange rate.
The idea here is that you purchased Bitcoin with you USD. The purchasing power (value) of that "investment" increased, allowing you to purchase more (like making money on a stock). In theory, it should be a gain. But, we will have to wait for the official word.
@_date: 2013-11-09 15:29:11
I don't mean to intrude, but it's probably not a wise decision to tie up USD in Bitcoins if you don't have disposable amounts around to buy groceries. You could very well lose it all. With that being said, I'm not aware of anywhere online that currently lets you buy groceries with BTC.
@_date: 2013-11-21 02:39:06
Well, like kind exchanges generally refer to exchanges of property (i.e. truck for a truck, house for a house, etc). Generally, the whole point of a like-kind exchange is to defer tax to a later time. You can't really apply the rules of these types of exchanges BTC because, after all, BTC, LTC, and other coins are in fact currency. 
If you go trade a USD to for a corresponding amount of Euro, you don't have a gain, you just get less Euro, depending on the exchange rate. It's simply a matter of what the exchange rate is at that time.
In your example, you would have to look at the spot rate (exchange rate) at the time of the transactions. 
If you bought 1 BTC for $10, you then look at value of that 1 BTC at the time you bought the 90 LTC. Let's say that the 1 BTC was worth $100 at the time of purchase of the LTC. You purchased the BTC for $10, it appreciated to $100, giving you a $90 gain. The key here is you "disposed" of your investment. You converted it to something else. That's when a potential taxable transaction occurs.
To continue your example. You already have a $90 gain at the time of purchase of the LTC. Your "basis", for simplicity sake, is now $100 in your 90 LTC (i.e. you "traded" 1 BTC worth $100 for 90 LTC). Let's say the value of LTC relative to USD has increased to where your value in LTC is now worth $200. You say that you now purchase 2 BTC with those 90 LTC. You essentially "traded" something that was worth $200 (to your relative currency) for the two BTC. Your basis in that 90 LTC was $100. You "sold" for $200. You now have another gain of $100.
So, all in all, you would have $90 of gain from the first transaction and $100 of gain from the second. This is fairly simplified and I hope it makes sense. As for the long-term vs. short term, it all depends on your holding period. Long-term is when you hold something for more than a year, short-term is less than one year.
@_date: 2013-11-12 01:59:48
In the US at least, long term capital gains are taxed at 15%. Assuming his marginal rate is higher, it shouldn't really make a difference tax wise if he cashes them out all at once or later. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:06:40
Buyers aren't taxed on purchasing things unless it is some kind of sales tax or VAT. Sellers sell items in return for money. They pay tax on their profits (what is left after expenses).
You have to look at it from an investment point of view. You are only taxed on gains. So taking USD and buying Bitcoins does not result in a taxable transaction. If you turn around and convert those Bitcoins back to USD for more than what you paid for them, you now pay tax on the difference (the gain you made).
In regards to your edit about bartering: Most simply if one provides service A in return for service B, the person providing service A is treated as receiving a taxable benefit equal to the fair value of the service B. There are also special rules regarding property that is like kind. In regards to selling a primary residence, there are exclusion amounts up to which you do not have to pay capital gains tax as a seller. If you buy Bitcoin, let the value raise, and cash out to currency, you have a capital gain and pay taxes on that gain. 
@_date: 2013-11-05 20:41:28
I don't have access to the price charts from back then right now, but if the price was indeed $0.50/ coin like someone else mentioned, they would be worth about 500x that now. Currently reading around $250. So $15 worth of BTC purchased at $0.50 each would be worth about $7,500 right now in total. No idea if that was the price then though. You better hope you still have access to that wallet or, at least, you keys! 
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:57:34
Hey, nothing wrong with exiting with gains! For the people who give everyone shit for selling, maybe it was a dumb decision for someone to sell right now or maybe not...but, this person is exiting with (probably) a healthly gain. Can't fault him/her for that.
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:02:36
This is an interesting question. In this sense, you are essentially doing "work" and getting paid in return, much like working for wages. Using that, it seems logical that the taxable source would arise at the time of mining. 
Now, on the other side, assume you were only taxed when converting this mined money to USD. What if you mine 2 BTC and just go spend it on an item? You never converted it to USD so, using this logic, there would have never been any taxed paid on that amount that you "earned". I suppose they could attempt to tax you at the time of purchase based on the rate at that time.
That's why I think, in this particular instance, it may make most sense to look at it like a wage paying job in which you pay taxes on the money earned. You are doing work (your job) and, in return, the Bitcoin system (your employer) pays you a small wage based on your performance. Those wages are taxable.
@_date: 2013-11-04 14:33:25
Ok, but in that example, the client needs to "draw/combine" funds from three of those receiving addresses to get the needed 1.2 BTC since one address doesn't have enough by itself. So are you saying that the "from" address will *either* be A, B, or C? It wouldn't use all the addresses as inputs?
@_date: 2013-11-08 14:04:44
Well, good point, most of what I said applies to US tax law, but I would assume most of the underlying tax principals about this issue remain the same. In your example about obtaining BTC, allowing it to rise in value, and then making the purchase is probably a core issue that will be looked at. In my opinion, it will probably be looked at the same way the foreign currency is exchanged if my understanding is correct. Essentially you buy some foreign currency, let it appreciate in value, and use that foreign currency (BTC) to buy something. During that time, your BTC has appreciated, much like how if you hold a stock and pay capital gains on the appreciation. In this particular example, it would make sense that the transaction would be (hypothetically) treated as, first, a conversion to standard currency (which then triggers a taxable gain) and, then, a turn around to use that currency to make the purchase.
@_date: 2013-11-09 05:18:58
Well, on the most basic economic level, a decrease in supply and growing demand leads to increased prices. The exchanges aren't running out of coins, in that regard. The market is made up of buyers and sellers. In your scenario, it either means less people are willing to sell or there are more people wanting to buy than there are willing to sell.
@_date: 2013-11-11 19:59:00
I'm going to be honest, I am not too well versed with the foreign currency transactions. I know a lot more about capital gains, etc.
Nevertheless, when you live in, the US for example, you have a standard currency (USD). Over the years, it inflates or may deflate. There are no gains/losses associated with this because it's your standard currency. When you purchase foreign currency, usually in large amounts, it's often because you are speculating on the exchange rate between the two currencies. In that sense, it's almost like holding a stock. You anticipate the value to go up to down and are trading or investing. 
I believe there is a threshold in which these foreign currency rules don't apply when the transactions are personal in nature and the gains are below a certain point (I believe $200). I believe if the gains are more than $200, you report as a capital gain. If you have a few hundred Euro around, chances are it won't appreciate so wildly where you will have a massive gain.
The reason why this is so tough is because currency exchanges don't normally flucuate as wildly as Bitcoin is right now. Currently, it's more akin to a stock purchase than currency. That's why we will have to wait and see what the guidance tells us to do and how to treat it.
@_date: 2013-11-09 15:09:55
Is this in the right subreddit? Are you referring to trying to capitalize on mining?
@_date: 2013-11-05 20:45:20
Bubble bursting hard? How so? This type of mentality is referred to as a panic sale.
@_date: 2013-11-21 15:09:33
Well, the current rules applying to foreign currency gains say that you can exclude a total gain due to exchange rates below $200. But, as I mentioned earlier, BTC acts much different than a normal currency. Until official guidance is issued I would be safe and treat any gain as a taxable capital gain right now. As always, keep the necessary documentation to back up your calculation. You have to look at the nature of the "investment", too. Right now many people are in BTC for the investment, like a stock. It's a new ground and it will be interesting to see.
And, remember, you are only taxed on gains. So if you cash out BTC worth $200 that you paid $50 for, your taxable gain is $150.
@_date: 2013-11-08 15:49:54
Theoretically, if you have BTC and simply hold it forever and never cash it out or spend it, you shouldn't be taxed. It's the same as holding a stock. You only pay tax on the gains once you sell the stock. If you hold it, no taxable transaction is happening aside from if the stock pays dividends.
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:01:54
Technically, if someone uses appreciated Bitcoin to make a purchase, the underlying concept is that there is a still a gain associated with that. However, holding the BTC and never cashing it out or spending will not produce a gain. Simply choosing to purchase within the currency doesn't absolve you from a gain, in general terms. i.e. Buy 1 BTC for $100, now worth $200, make a purchase with the BTC -&gt; Theoretically there is a gain in that transaction. How that will be tracked and reported is the big question and it will be interesting to see what the guidance is on that.
@_date: 2013-11-08 05:49:46
Yes, correct. They can't really make an argument for taxing Bitcoins that are held. Just like another type of capital asset (stocks, etc.), you aren't taxed on holding the investment, just on the gains once you sell. That would logically make the most sense in this regard, too. In that sense, I would imagine you would also be able to take capital losses on Bitcoin investments using that same logic. Now, if businesses were to transact in Bitcoin and actually have income in the form of Bitcoin, I imagine that will be theoretically be taxed just like any other form of business income.
@_date: 2013-12-04 18:34:04
It *could* hit any price.
@_date: 2013-11-09 03:49:03
Good lord people.... At any sign of a price drop, you can't immediately hop to an "OMG!!?!!?! THE BUBBLE HAS POPPED" mentality. It's funny to watch the price charts, see a drop, come to Reddit, and within seconds there are about 15 posts saying "WHAT HAPPENED? SHOULD I SELL?".
@_date: 2013-11-07 14:00:30
Apparently not enough...
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:57:23
Correct. Not until you cash out to USD or buy something with appreciated BTC.
If you purchase something with BTC and that BTC had appreciated in value since you bought it, you are obligated to report a capital gain on that. i.e. Like foreign currency gains.
For example. You buy 1 BTC for $100. It appreciates to where it is now worth $300. You make a purchase and use your 1 BTC to pay. You essentially have a $200 gain in this transaction. You can't avoid a gain simply because you didn't cash out to USD first. From a theoretical perspective, you can look at it as if you bought the BTC, held while it appreciated, hypothetically sold it for USD and used the USD to make the purchase. In the US, USD is the functional and standard currency in which taxable transactions are translated to.
There are certain personal exclusions amount, generally if the gain is above $200. 
The interesting part comes in how official guidance will treat the issue in regards to tracking something like this. It's very hard to track unless the person self reports, like they should do. 
The whole reason this is even an issue for most people right now is because of the wild fluctuation in exchange prices. If BTC ever settles out like the USD, chances are there won't be too much of an issue here.
This is based on current law. We will have to wait for official guidance.
@_date: 2013-11-07 15:15:02
I think the answer is generally the same here. There is no one correct answer. You must look at your situation, the risk you are willing to take, and the money you are willing to lose. There are people purchasing as evidenced by the price growth. The decision to buy or not is more of a personal one since it's hard to predict Bitcoin prices from a technical aspect.
@_date: 2013-11-08 14:12:57
Most definitely, I was just looking at the issue from a simplistic view. Chances are that, in this example, the transaction will be treated in one of a couple different ways:  the first being a barter exchange or the second being treated as if the BTC was converted to standard currency (thus, triggering a taxable gain) at the time of purchase which is then turned around and used to make a purchase. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 00:21:41
True, these are all good questions. This is going to be an inherent problem with Bitcoin from a taxability standpoint, the reporting and tracking. It's going to be very hard to track transactions like these, and much like bartering in the real world, it relies on the honesty of the taxpayer to report. In your example, receiving BTC in return for selling a truck would still result in a currency gain if that currency appreciates in value before purchasing another item. 
Again, this is theoretical. Normally, currency doesn't fluctuate as wildly as BTC so it's not usually a large problem. It's hard to see how they will go about this. If you're in the US, your functional currency is the USD and the taxability of transactions is looked at in respect to the USD. 
In your last example, that is an interesting situation and we will just have to wait and see regarding something like that. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:01:58
Honestly, if people knew that question they would have the ability to see the future. It's nearly impossible to pick that time given the volatility and unprecedented growth Bitcoin sees.
@_date: 2013-11-04 14:26:22
Pretty basic question. When sending Bitcoins to someone else, what determines the "from" address or the address of the sender? Does it use one of the receiving addresses you have? Can it use multiple?
For instance, say there is a wallet that has three receiving addresses. A that received .5 BTC, B that received .4 BTC, and C that received .3 BTC. Now the person wants to buy something for 1.2 BTC. What will the "from" address be in that transaction? Is it based on those receiving addresses?
@_date: 2013-11-07 03:37:41
This is honestly the age-old question that goes along with any hot investment. There is no one right answer. The best you can do is look at your financial situation and make the choice. How much risk can you take? How much can you afford to lose? Bitcoin, aside from what many say, is an incredibly risky investment right now. However, you can get rewarded handsomely for that risk. The best you can do is just try to make an informed decision based on your situation and stick to a strategy.
@_date: 2013-11-11 17:56:20
Did you sell (convert to USD) or use your Bitcoins to purchase something after they appreciated in value? If not, chances are there were no taxable events in this case. Normally, with other investments like stocks, the investor only pays taxes on the gain when sold. Simply holding the Bitcoins should not result in a taxable event.
@_date: 2013-11-09 05:56:35
Really? Is this necessary? I can't tell if this is satire.
@_date: 2013-11-12 01:55:38
I believe Coinbase has a daily limit in the number you can sell.
@_date: 2013-11-08 16:16:29
Not necessarily. Without a transaction (purchase of something with BTC or a conversion to other currency), there is no taxable event. Holding something does not realize any gain. Like i said, with stocks or any asset, you aren't taxed until you make a sale or transaction that results in a gain. That being said, if you spend the BTC, I would assume the value appreciate would be recognized as a gain (treated as if you first converted to another currency and used that to buy).
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:31:54
This is my interpretation on the issue based on the regulations and law relating to foreign currency gains and capital gains. Bitcoin is, at it's core, is a currency. For the official position, we will need to wait for the official guidance. The reason why this is such an unusual case is BTC has way more price fluctuation than a standard currency. This causes gains and losses to be much more apparent in regards to Bitcoin.
With foreign currency speculation, you are buying or selling banking on the fact that the exchange rate will rise or fall. In this regard, you treat gains on the appreciation on exchange as a capital gain. Now, there is an exclusion of $200, so if your gain is less than $200 it can be excluded. This is what most people are used to if. If you buy 100 Euro, chances are the price is steady enough where you won't experience a huge gain using that Euro to buy something.
With Bitcoin, it's different. The price goes up or down by huge amounts. Therefore, if they choose to treat BTC like this, this is my understanding of the issue.
If you buy BTC, let it rise in value, and cash out, you have a capital gain.
If you buy BTC, let it rise, and then purchase something with that BTC, you have a capital gain if it exceeds $200. Tracking this is going to be a whole different ball game.
Again, this is my interpretation based on the current laws that apply to current currencies. Don't take it as 100%, undeniable fact. Bitcoin is a different beast. That's why we will have to wait for official guidance to be sure. However, this interpretation makes most sense to me based on current law.
@_date: 2013-11-09 06:31:17
I totally agree. The barrage of constant overreaction posts to any market movement on here has, unfortunately, led me to look at any post with skepticism. Cheers!
@_date: 2013-11-07 15:13:01
Well $5 -&gt; $120 is 24 times growth. $120 -&gt; $300 is 2.5 times growth. I still think there is a tremendous potential, but huge constantly doubling growth won't come as easy. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 23:51:00
I am not too well versed in bartering exchanges, but I am almost positive that realized gains on bartering exchanges need to be recognized. The only exception is for like kind exchanges (i.e. A truck for a truck) where rules are eased. I'm not too sure when bartering would come into play regarding Bitcoin, though. I'm betting that the gains related to BTC will be treated as either capital in nature or much like foreign currency.
@_date: 2013-11-19 04:58:55
This is good information that people need to be aware of. It seems like there are quite a few people on this subreddit who are new to the "investing" area and the tax implications that are associated with it. It would definitely benefit the community, as a whole, if people understood the tax basics associated with such transactions.
When one buys BTC, lets it appreciate, and then sells it to convert to USD, we know that there is a capital gain associated with the transaction. This is much like selling a stock.
The interesting part comes in now that BTC can actually be used to purchase things, unlike stock. BTC, at its core, is meant to be a currency. It can be used to purchase things. Let's say someone buys 1 BTC for a hypothetical 300 USD. They let it appreciate in value to where it's worth 600 USD. They then use that BTC to make a purchase. In the traditional sense, it's hard to *trace* a taxable event to this situation but, when you really look at it, you should essentially have a $300 gain associated with this transaction. Your purchasing power increased...it appreciated.
The whole issue of why this is coming up is due to the volatility of Bitcoin. You don't see many other currencies with as wild as fluctuations as Bitcoin is going through. It is more like a wild stock currently. This presents a potential problem from a taxability standpoint because you have people with their BTC greatly appreciating in value, using that appreciated currency to purchase something, and therefore avoiding a taxable event as if you were to cash out to USD.
My guess is that, like foreign currency gains, they will choose to view a transaction like this in a manner that treats the purchase as, first, an "imaginary" cash out to USD and then using that USD to make the purchase, thus triggering the capital gain. That would make most sense to me. How that will get tracked and reported is a whole different ball game....
@_date: 2013-12-01 04:25:28
If you are simply referring to where you purchased BTC, let it appreciate, and now are cashing out to USD, the process is fairly simple. You essentially are going to pay capital gains tax on the gains. So if your basis was $500 and that is now worth $5,000, you have a $4,500 capital gain. 
The next thing that comes into play is the holding period of the coins. Capital gains are either taxed at a preferential tax rate of 15%/0% (depending on your marginal tax bracket) for long-term gains (held longer than one year), or at your ordinary income rates for short-term gains (held less than one year).
So, based on your holding period, you will report the gain under the appropriate category. As always, keep all the necessary proof and documentation of your calculation. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 19:32:35
Well, there hasn't been any official guidance issued on the subject yet but it would only make sense to treat the gains associated with Bitcoin as either capital gains or foreign currency gains. The one thing that is for sure is that if you buy Bitcoin for, say, $300 and hold it until it's worth $400 and then cash out to USD, it will most definitely be a taxable transaction and you will be expected to pay tax on that $100 gain.
Now, in the example you give, it gets a little bit more tricky and that's where you will need to wait and see how the issue will be treated officially. The question is how they will treat the gain associated with purchasing BTC, holding it, and then spending it. In my opinion, it will probably be treated like a foreign currency gain where as soon as the currency is spent/disposed, the appreciation of the BTC since your purchase is treated as a gain. Another way to look at it is the transaction is (hypothetically) treated as if you took BTC, cashed it out to USD, triggering a gain, and used the USD to buy whatever you purchased. If it wasn't treated this way, people could buy BTC, have it raise incredibly in value and then just purchase something with their increased buying power and avoid a taxable transaction. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 05:58:54
I don't know, judging by some of the posts I have seen on here...it's hard to tell anymore. If it is a joke, cheers!
@_date: 2013-11-05 20:34:37
Any idea how many you purchased? Well if you don't have access to your wallet or keys, you are out of luck... Do you recall how you were storing them?
@_date: 2013-11-19 05:08:06
You can currently offset up to a $3,000 capital loss against income. Additional losses are carried over to the subsequent years. I have not seen any official position on claiming capital losses on Bitcoin, but they should, in theory, be treated as so if you are to claim a capital gain on them. Just be sure to keep all the documentation proving the loss, etc. etc.
@_date: 2013-11-09 15:22:01
As others have mentioned, please don't give try to force Bitcoins on people as gifts. By all means, purchase a gift with Bitcoins, but giving Bitcoins as a gift to someone that has no idea or interest is probably not a good idea. Sure, that gift would probably benefit them more than they know, but there are probably better options to go about getting rather than trying to make someone like it. Compare it to that one time as a child when you opened your gift, assuming it was something you really wanted, only to find it was something you had zero interest in. You have to go "Oh....thanks, Mom! I, uh, love it!".
@_date: 2013-11-09 05:09:16
Thank you. It's nice to finally see a post with a little bit of grounded realism and solid advice.
@_date: 2013-11-09 15:39:56
None taken. I didn't mean to intrude on your personal choices. I was just relaying that many people would probably suggest against speculating when you don't have the disposable income to do so. With that in mind, you definitely can make some amazing gains. It would just be a little risky for me if there was no disposable income to buy groceries. But, hey, I can't fault you for trying!