@_author: itsjustthatguyagain
@_date: 2014-07-03 15:30:19
Sorry, "reverse" was the wrong word to use - I do understand what is possible. I was implying they can stop you sending money, and they can stop you receiving money (by blocking any transactions to or from your addresses).
@_date: 2014-06-04 10:31:47


Nope. I think a lot of people use Bitcoin precisely because they don't trust people with a large amount of money, or "democratic organisations" set up to impose rules.
There's no point imposing "no pools can have more than 10%" because it'll be near impossible to enforce. Those with a lot of mining power will just divide it between pools, so instead of controlling 1 40% pool, they'll control 4 * 10% pools, which is basically the same thing.
I understand what you're getting at, it would be better to have hashing power better distributed. But the issue here is the concept of a centralised control of pools. All you're suggesting (from what I understand) is that we stick with centralised pools, we just change who is in charge of them to someone we "trust".
A better solution would be to fix the underlying problem of centrally controlled pools and try and get people to move over to decentralised pools.
@_date: 2014-03-13 09:42:26
Slippage relies on there being a broker.
The way that I describe doesn't require a broker.
@_date: 2014-02-06 10:33:12
Section 22.1 of Apple’s Review Guidelines on Legal requirements says:
“Apps must comply with all legal requirements in any location where they are made available to users. It is the developer’s obligation to understand and conform to all local laws.”
From (
Basically, Apple don't allow Bitcoin apps because the law is still unclear in a lot of jurisdictions. That's the same reason why a lot of businesses wont accept Bitcoin yet.
It's not a good idea to sue. It's a waste of resources. It's Apple's app store, and their terms and conditions offer a justification as to why it's not allowed. Forcing someone to do something they don't want to with their own creation seems wrong.
I think we should all take a time out to watch the Southpark episode about gays in scouts, and listen specifically to Big Gay Al's speech at the end.
@_date: 2014-03-10 10:48:43


I'm sure you didn't mean it to come across this way, but the above sentence suggests you will downvote negative news about Bitcoin.
Please don't do that, otherwise this place will complete it's transformation into @_date: 2014-07-03 15:28:37
There's already been suggestions they've attempted double spends in the past, they've already basically had 51%. It's not killed their business. The price is still going up, and their mining power keeps getting back up towards 51%
@_date: 2014-06-03 12:23:08
I think it used to be the case the some mining contracts forced you onto certain pools. IIRC, any hashing power bought at cex.io used to go towards ghash.
People started to believe they were seeing a good return on investment so purchased more, without consideration for which pool they were contributing too, although I think that's changed now.
@_date: 2014-06-05 08:49:08
Yes, this is the sort of thing I was looking for. 
For more info:
This is obviously restricted to P2Pool though, it would be useful if there was a protocol for the same style of donations to centralised pools also.
It would also be good/better if there was someway to display adjusted rates/fees for P2Pool with average donations factored in.
@_date: 2014-06-03 14:50:10
Thanks for the info. I remember them saying they were going to implement pool changing around the last scare at the start of the year  - turns out they didn't. Thanks for the update though!
@_date: 2014-03-13 11:11:17


That's only assuming he converts into fiat.


The reality is some people do hold a consistent portion of their wealth in BTC with no intentions to change that percentage to fiat, because they accept BTC for good/services, and purchase good/services with BTC. It's not a pipe dream, it's becoming an increasingly prevalent reality.
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:09:20
Regarding UK regulation, they probably should be registered as an MSB:
Setting up an exchange in the UK isn't straight forward, but the most common problem is typically the UK banks closing accounts due to money laundering risks being too high.
@_date: 2014-02-11 11:00:06
That's interesting to know, thanks.
I agree with what you're saying. As we both said, we both try and be as impartial as is practically possible.
I think it's really important what you say about not attaching emotion. That was a big issue I had with the Bitcoin community (well, more with media coverage of the Bitcoin community) a couple of years ago, was how many Bitcoin enthusiasts, when put in front of a camera, would just get angry about how crappy the current system is and use that as a justification as to why we should all use Bitcoin. When people's emotions get involved, it becomes harder to think objectively, and it also reflects badly and is likely to push rational or non-confrontational people away.
This in a way brings us back in full circle to my original comment about calling people stupid. I think that is comes across (to me) as an emotional argument, because rationally, everyone is stupid, just in a different subject. You seem like the sort of person who does, or would appreciate 
So thanks again for you blog and work - I like your approach and whilst a lot of people may start commenting on Bitcoin after weeks of knowing it - I appreciate the effort and trouble and the value you provide having been through getting formal eduction in the area.  I think we need more people like this who are familiar with rational debate representing Bitcoin, and who are not afraid of a bit of constructive feedback regarding the concepts surrounding cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-04-09 08:04:03


I read through the code sometimes. I don't tend to read updates or commits, but just read the latest version to find out what I need to know (and then looking back through the commits if something doesn't make sense). It's quite refreshing to look through the commits at times and see some of the mistakes that have been made. It serves as a reminder that even the bitcoin devs are only human.


I'd do what I could to warn people. Ultimately though, I trust that the people maintaining the code (particularly handling merges) are more capable and informed than me. If I thought otherwise, I'd probably help contribute more, but as it stands, I'd probably just create more work for them. Hopefully one day I'll be able to contribute back though. 
If I find something that doesn't make sense, after doing lots of looking and researching to see if I can figure it out myself, I tend to go along to  and ask. I'm always amazed at how easy it can be to get hold of one of the devs and how willing they are to explain stuff where they can in most cases, especially if you can show you have looked into it and around it and aren't just asking for help at the first hurdle.


The best place to start is making sure you understand Git and how it works. If you understand git, then you'll then understand github and how to do the things you asked.
The code isn't too hard to read or navigate either. I'm pretty inexperienced with C++ but I can still read and understand most of the Bitcoin code that I've read.
Also, the BIPs can be a good place to look for further discussion around particular changes and features:
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:40:12
Just a heads up: some people might frown upon the idea of you creating an account purely to promote your own service on here.
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:02:02
The potential crime is that he doesn't have proof of where his money came from.
So if they can prove he has a source of income, and he can't prove where that income is from, then that fits the bill for the crime.
@_date: 2014-09-08 15:10:58
A sample of prose from Satoshi:


you'll really be helping the network a lot.  Port 8333 on your
firewall needs to be open to receive incoming connections.


the system's state won't have to be restarted at some point if it
becomes necessary, although I've done everything I can to build in
extensibility and versioning.


Options-&gt;Generate Coins to run a node and generate blocks.  I made
the proof-of-work difficulty ridiculously easy to start with, so
for a little while in the beginning a typical PC will be able to
generate coins in just a few hours.  It'll get a lot harder when
competition makes the automatic adjustment drive up the difficulty.
Generated coins must wait 120 blocks to mature before they can be
from 
So unless you've somehow forgotten how to use the english language since Bitcoin was created, I'm going to assume you're not the real Satoshi.
I'm going to go ahead an guess that your "next project" which you've been alluding to in your other posts will be something related to Bitmark. I'm guessing you're going to say how Bitcoin was just a beta for Bitmark, and that we should all start using that instead.
Well....Good luck with that...
@_date: 2014-06-05 09:02:16
Ask her if she thinks Richard Branson is a bad person? 
@_date: 2014-06-05 08:56:41
It's going to be soul destroying if Bitcoin crashes, and you realise you sold your virginity for £0.15 and then told the world about it....
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:25:33
Because without a hash of the block, we have no way of proving that block was actually in existence at the time the message was signed. With the block hash in there, there's no possible way the message could have been signed before someone actually mined that block to find the hash. 
I could say this message was dated Bitcoin Block Height 400000, but that doesn't mean anything on it's own.
@_date: 2014-04-09 12:01:52
Not being from the U.S. how does this work alongside what the IRS said? Is this something which could become a mess due to the whole state say one thing, federal say another?
@_date: 2014-03-02 13:09:56


No it isn't. Anyone that says that is a fact is either a liar, has been lied to or doesn't understand what a fact is.
@_date: 2014-07-02 11:49:21
Yup, it's kind of pointless putting the block height as a timestamp in a signed message if you don't include the block hash as proof.
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:16:34
Not so much a criticism, but a question regarding something on the foundation website.
To quote 


How can someone be for financial reform, and presumably ethical banking, and at the same time, serve on the board of Wonga.com?
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:58:59
Although a timestamp isn't, by definition, required to irrefutably prove something happened at a certain time, it's kind of an expectation in the crypto community where possible. 
In what way do you think it was cleverer to timestamp it with just the block height, as opposed to the blockheight and hash?
@_date: 2014-07-03 07:31:56
**tl;dr** Bitcoin is only a trustless system when the hashpower is distributed. Without distributed hashpower, for all practical intents and purposes, it becomes a trust based centralised system, just like paypal, just like your bank.


So does gigahash, they're a business just the same. There's clearly not enough of an incentive for ghash.io to be transparent, because they're being pretty opaque at the moment.


Ghash are based in the Netherlands. There's nothing stopping a change in law or even enforcing of a liberal reading of existing money laundering laws resulting in ghash getting shut down, or forced to behave in certain ways by both law enforcement or just a bunch of guys with baseball bats.


What do you class as "own your money"? Because, with 51%, ghash can stop you spending your money and they can ~~reverse~~ *stop* any money that gets sent to you. That's just as bad, if not worse, than them actually owning your money.


**ghash.io could stop your transactions going through at the moment with a spate of good luck. With 51%, they can guarantee that you can't make a single transaction.**


51% is not a binary thing. 51% is the point at which a party can guarantee that they can always overtake the longest chain. Someone with 45% of the network power and good luck can still double spend. Checkout Meni Rosenfelds [paper on hashrate-based double spending.](
And this *could* happen in hours, as well as take weeks.


Jeff Garzik has already implied that he thinks it's a problem the community will [solve itself]( They may have acknowledged it as a problem, but I've not seen much indication that the devs plan to do anything about it. 


It doesn't matter if it's just one persons hardware, the important part is who is in control of the largest collection of mining power if that collection approaches a majority.
One party (ghash.io) is very close to being in charge of the majority of the hashpower. It's useless saying "oh well people will leave" - sure they might do, but they might not - again, relying on peoples good will and rational thinking is NOT safe. If we keep fuelling Cex and Ghash, it's only a matter of time before they have enough hardware themselves to be able to maintain a majority hashrate.
@_date: 2014-07-04 15:45:32


Sorry if I frustrate you. I'll try and reference more of the theory to my claims. I appreciate the apology though - sometimes tone is lost in text form.


[As of around mid 2013, 9 out of 40 surveyed exchanges had been breached and money stolen](  AFAIK, in the majority of those breaches, nobody knows who stole the coins, and nobody has been charged. The idea that the public blockchain means we can identify any crimes is flat out wrong. We can't even identify the person who created Bitcoin and owns a good chunk of them. We still have no idea what happened to the Gox coins and that has had pretty much every worthwhile smart person we know looking into it. 
Within 24 hours, they could get their winnings over to BTC-e or some other shady exchange and cash them out into some equally shady fiat bank. Nobody is going to be able to stop them, and there's not much to suggest we'd even be able to identify the individuals.


What makes you assume that? Also, as I said, read the Meni Resenfeld paper on hashrate based double spending. Yes, it's stochastic, there's randomness involved, and that randomness could lead to waiting days or weeks, but it could equally lead to waiting minutes or hours. You can start a double spend attack at very short notice (also see "double-spending fast payments in Bitcoin by Karame et al.) 


A private fork, by definition, is not known by the network, so it can't reject it. 
Also, if you're keeping the work to yourself, it doesn't matter how long it takes, because there's no guarantee people will see your failed attempts - especially if you have secret hashpower or are targetting places that accept 0-conf transactions. When you release your block, each node will check if your chain has more combined work, the network will accept it. *I'm aware of no protocol rule that means a block will get rejected from a malicious actor if it has the greatest combined work. Please show me why you think such a rule exists in the protocol*


That assumes that all your hashing power was pointing at the main chain and all of a sudden stops. We don't know what gigahash have. Also, as I said before, it doesn't matter if we notice - there'd be nothing we could do about it. Hell, the last suspected double spend attempts by gigahash.io [took over a month to spot](


As I've said, that's only an issue for a rational adversary going for maximum profit over an unlimited period of time. That's an assumption. I've already pointed out one possible example or instance where that assumption wouldn't hold true (e.g. the person wants to make enough money to retire quickly and has no concern for the future of Bitcoin).


Again, that assumes we notice, and assumes we can contact all the exchanged immediately, and assumes we follow the money (possible in some cases, but we still don't know where all the gox coins are - so clearly not possible in all cases)


That is flat out wrong. The devs can't "stop the whole network". There was a special network alert message that would force the network into safemode when signed by satoshi, but that was nerfed to just being an alert message (e.g. no automatic action happens in response to alerts). 


Even an emergency update would take a day or so to propagate to more than 50% of nodes. Then there's nothing stopping "evil corp" from changing IP's, or using the same update. The only solution would be to change the mining algorithm to render "evil corp"'s (and all other miners) hardware no longer usable.
You also seem to focus on double spends. Double spends aren't ideal, but they don't need 50% of the network power (Again, see "Double-spending in fast payments in Bitcoin").  Double spending isn't and hasn't been the focus of my messages.
My point is that with a majority of mining power, you're having to rely on humans behaving well. That includes not just evil corps management, but also all those malicious actors (hackers, banks, governments) who could use all sorts of means to influence the use of the mining power. 
With lots of mining power, double spends are easier, which practically amounts to reversible transactions. As well as that, transaction can be rejected and blocked because of human intervention. This is just the same as PayPal.
That is a practical issues ("will my transactions get blocked or double spent?", "I can move money quicker with PayPal") but also, for some, a philosophical issue ("I used bitcoin so I didn't have to rely on the mercy of humans for my money movements, but that's no longer the case").
Practical implications aside, my central points are:
**1. With even close to majority mining power, the Bitcoin protocol is not longer a trustless system subject only to mathematical proofs, but instead becomes a totally unpredictable system as its operation is ultimately at the mercy of human behaviour.**
**2. We can make all sorts of assertions about how a rational adversary who wants to maximise his profits over an undefined time frame will behave. But these are simplifications which rely on the assumptions that any adversary would share the same rationale and is acting independently under their own free will.**
@_date: 2014-07-04 07:18:08


Exactly, that supports my argument that with unpredictable actors in control, Bitcoin is just as bad as PayPal and eBay. Just because lots of people use it, doesn't make it good or right.


What about this: Mine some coins, stop the payouts. Do some big double spends on gambling. Say it's a problem and it's being solved. with 50% of the hashing power, they'd be getting around 75BTC/ hour. Quickly cash out all coins, including those stolen from miners accounts. Sell all hardware. Walk away with a few million - retire for life. Yes, rationally, for more money, it would make sense to stay longer and play longer, but that assumes  the attacker wants the most money and is willing to spend more of their future working for it - maybe the attacker just wants enough money to retire early - we don't know that's the case, but we also don't know that isn't the case. We just have to trust (again, undermining my original point: Bitcoin becomes a trust based issue with centralised mining).
Or another way it would be profitable for ghash to be evil: a bunch of guys with suit or baseball bats turn up and say "you're going to die/go to prison for life/ lose ALL of your money if you don't behave badly". The point is that ghash becomes a central point of control. Sure, their business model might not allow for evil - they might even be the nicest guys in the world - but the fact that it technologically exists means it's available for abuse, either intentionally, accidentally or by unknown parties or even hackers.
So there's 2 ways it would be profitable for them to be malicious. You can say "but they're not rational, that's not how we predict people will behave". All you have to do is look at any news outlet and you'll normally find a handful of examples of people behaving irrationally - we're not 100% rational creatures.


I agree it's best to solve the issue, and it's evidently manageable at the moment (Bitcoin has value, people use it etc.) But I've not seen any evidence to suggest it's going to get less of a problem over time. IIRC, the gigahash scare has come up 3 times this year, and the last 2 times were closer than the first 2 - this problem is increasing in regularity/frequency.
Finally, I found some of your comments really quite condescending. I'm not sure if that was intended or not.
@_date: 2014-06-10 09:50:06
I think the source code of sharecoin on blockchain.info can be found here:
Browse the source, find the file and code responsible for the issue and then press the blame button on the top right. That should show you what commit each piece of code came from...
I'd do it for you, but I'm not familiar with sharedcoin on blockchain.info.
edit: just saw who OP was - obviously knows how to use Github.
edit 2: 


When did you test it and it worked? That info might make it easier to find the suspect commit.
@_date: 2014-09-09 16:43:33


Nice, well done with that - I've never used it, but I always see localbitcoins as a service which works particularly well with/for Bitcoin.
I think it would take a long time to reach ROI. With the traditional escort model, it's pretty clear that one person is the service provider and the other is the consumer, and the price reflects that. The benefit of the Tinder model/interface is that it puts both parties on the same level (I assume, I only know of Tinder what I've seen in the news).
I just feel that it would naturally just devolve into a bunch of people paying a certain price for sex from anyone, and a bunch of people who charge a certain price for sex from anyone, which kind of negates the benefit of Tinder.
Although the interface you describe would allow people to sell sex who otherwise wouldn't sell sex because they want to be selective - although you'd have to have the option for people to say along the lines of "there isn't enough money on this planet for me to sleep with *that*".
Another way to do the tradition escort market (e.g. some people saying "I want sex with anyone and I'll pay up to x" and other saying "I'll have sex with anyone if they pay me x") would be users specify how much the want to pay/are charging to start, and then it proceeds to be just like tinder, but presented options are filtered only to include those in the acceptable price range.
I mean, I'm not saying such a service *wouldn't* work, but it would definitely be very very different from the existing uses of the concepts involved and thus a pretty risky endeavour. In all honesty, that in itself could be a reason for it to succeed though.
@_date: 2014-01-15 18:18:51
They're a money transmitter.
Also, due diligence (AML/KYC) means they have to take all measure possible to combat fraud and money laundering.
If they allowed people to buy and sell Bitcoins on there, without proviing the individuals are also registered as money transmitters, they're in breach of AML/KYC laws and liable for a hefty fine.
@_date: 2014-02-07 08:31:52


Bitcoin hasn't got a legal classification in some jurisdictions. It's had a range of classifications from other jurisdictions including a currency, a commodity, a single use voucher, a money laundering tool and more.
For a business, in the eyes of the law, it is far better to er on the side of caution. Business lost from them removing those wallet apps I imagine is nothing in comparison to what they'll lose if they get found to be unwittingly facilitating laundering. 
Furthermore, my main point was that it's THEIR app store. They can do whatever they want. Just as if someone comes into your house, you would expect them to respect your wishes.
It's not the first time I've said this about a Bitcoin incident, and I'm sure it's not going to be the last, but what's happened here is equivalent to a guest going into a hosts house (or app store) ignoring the sign at the door saying take off your shoes (previous messages about them not wanting bitcoin wallets, and terms and conditions that could be interpreted that way) and then the guest royally flipping out when the host has asked them to remove their shoes.
I'm from England, but my understanding is America is supposed to be all about freedom and such. In Apple's app store, they deserve the freedom to say what can and can't happen on there - it's their store, they made it, you chose to use it. It's also an underlying tenant of a free market. The company can do what it wants, if it's not good for the consumer, someone else will come up with another company that does things differently and the consumers choose the winner by voting with their feet.
"if you don't support the football team (Apple), then get the hell out the stadium (App store)"
You're right though, a lot of this is about their walled garden I think. I hate the idea of a walled garden, so that's why I do not and will not use Apple products. As I said, if you don't like the way they do business, then don't do business. But don't force them to try and change their business, because that makes you no better than them trying to force you not to use wallet apps.
@_date: 2014-01-15 10:34:24
I dislike PayPal as much as the next Bitcoin advocate.
However, in their defence, you don't have to be a lawyer to find out that PayPal don't allow sales of currencies. The acceptable usage policy isn't that long. In light of this, you are breaching their ToS.
AFAIK, the reason they don't allow the sale of currency is because it means they have to get more licenses and such to be a currency exchanger. Whilst I can see why PayPal might have an issue with Bitcoins, the trading of currencies has been banned from PayPal since before Bitcoin came around.
I agree wholeheartedly that they're pretty incompetent. But in this case, you are wrong, you have broken the rules. If you didn't like the rules, you shouldn't have signed up.
IMO, what you've done is comparable to going into a persons house, ignoring the sign that says "please take off your shoes at the door" and then flipping out at the host when they point out you should have taken your shoes off.
@_date: 2014-03-02 11:12:07
Yup, just because Bitcoin isn't legally defined as a currency everywhere, other laws (e.g. non currency specific laws) would still apply.
E.g. in the UK, things like the Fraud Act ("abuse of position, or false representation, or prejudicing someone's rights for personal gain") would still apply apply, because regardless of the legal classification of Bitcoin, nobody can argue that going from 0BTC -&gt; 450,000BTC isn't some form of personal gain (next part is proving it was through dishonesty or deception etc.)
@_date: 2014-03-13 09:35:19
This is a good point, and it's been acknowledged before. There have been a couple of threads where people have documented their attempts to move a few thousand dollars around the world as they move house, and it tends to turn out to be quite expensive because of the fees, assuming you start with fiat and want to end as fiat.
Actually if you tally up all the fees involves in the system you describe, assuming you want timely transactions, you have to pay whatever fees your bank charges to make a purchase or transfer to the exchange, you then have to pay the fee the exchange charges on a purchase of BTC, you then have to pay the bitcoin transaction fee to send the bitcoins to your friend, your friend then has to pay another fee to the exchange on the other side to buy fiat, and then maybe even a final fee to get it into fiat in the end users bank account (either from the bank or exchange).
But that's all a given, because with that usage, you're using Bitcoin as a 3rd party or a proxy for fiat, rather than as a currency in itself
HOWEVER, you're still thinking from the perspective of someone who predominantly uses fiat.
This all falls apart when you think about it from the perspective of BTC as the main currency: 
* the sender already has BTC, because they got paid in BTC (and possibly paid more than they would in fiat as you wont have the bank charging for the transaction, and the bitcoin transaction fee would be minimal if the employer paid all employers with a single transaction and multiple outputs)
* the receiver spends the BTC by making a purchase from a vendor who directly accepts BTC, instead of converting into fiat first. That way the receiver doesn't have to pay exchange fees, and the vendor doesn't have to charge 3rd party processing fees
In that scenario, the only actual fee is the (optional) transaction fee between the sender and receiver, and then you could include a transaction fee between the receiver and the final vendor (although a good vendor would pickup the fee for you in future)
@_date: 2014-09-09 15:30:16
Hmmm, I'm not sure. What sort of escrow fees would you charge? Assuming you charge a % of the amount held, what sort of amount would you expect people to be paying each other?
And then, how much time do you think it would take you to develop such an app and how much is your time worth? Or, how much do you think it would cost to pay someone to make the app for you? Then, on top of that, how much time/effort/resources do you think it will take to create and maintain a secure escrow service, including mediating disputes? On top of that, how much time/money do you think it will cost to actually maintain the rest of the service (including things like server costs, bug fixes, security updates etc.)?
I don't know, but I'm not sure you'd be able to cover your costs without some people doing a lot of work for free...
I mean, I'm not saying it definitely won't work, but I'd be interested to hear what sort of return you realistically expect to make from this?
@_date: 2014-01-20 08:55:13
Thanks for the response - much appreciated.
Out of interest, were there any biweekly conversions where you lost a noteworthy amount due to volatility (such as the first 2 weeks of December when there were some double figure % drops over the day)
And also do you convert all your BTC into fiat biweekly, or do you keep a portion in Bitcoin, and what's your justification for these decisions? (I totally understand if you don't want to answer this, but it would be interesting.)
@_date: 2014-02-07 09:01:52
I'm not sure I agree. For me, those systems are no better than PayPal, they have non of the benefits of Bitcoin that matter to me (security, privacy, the inability for a 3rd party to interfere and having my money under my control.)
I'm not saying I don't appreciate or don't like those services, but they're no different to PayPal in a lot of respects: you're putting your money in someone else's hands, you're relying on them to be honest and secure, and to some extent you're revealing your identity. It's just they've not got big enough yet to have to turn evil or to become a big target for hackers.
@_date: 2014-03-02 12:24:16
Indeed. Technology can be incredibly resilient.
When there have been bubbles and busts in Bitcoin, people regularly say to me "Bitcoin bubble has burst, so Bitcoin is dead" to that I respond "the dotcom bubble burst years ago but I've heard that interwebs thing is doing okay for itself these days."
@_date: 2014-07-05 10:06:06
Thanks for the discussion. I really appreciate you spending so much time trying to get your point across. I think the issue is we have different level of acceptance - we're probably going to have to agree to disagree. I admit, the chances of these things happening are really minute, and if they did happen, I think somehow, the community might pull together, although there would be losses - and I feel you believe that to, and you're okay with those chances.
But personally, for me, the draw of Bitcoin was that (assuming hashpower is distributed) the system is bound by mathematical, albeit stochastic, certainty, rather than at the mercy of human behaviour. The lack of trust in centralised bank systems was one of the main problems Satoshi sought to solve with Bitcoin (at least, that's what I interpret from the genesis block). For me, centralised mining means Bitcoin becomes the thing it started out to prevent.
I mean, realistically, there's only a tiny chance of people being disadvantaged (e.g. scammed or similar) by the human decisions gigahash. But by the same token, I imagine a lot of people thought the same about central banks before the whole global financial crisis.
Re: beer, if you're in England, then who knows!
Thanks again:)
@_date: 2014-06-05 11:10:57
Oh right, when you put it like that, that sounds fine.
In fact, if Bitcoin did crash, and you got your virginity removed for the low low price of just £0.15, then I'd go as far as saying you got yourself a bargain! (Although I'm still not sure I'd go around bragging about having my virginity removed by a £0.15 hooker....)
@_date: 2014-04-09 12:57:30
That's not how it always pans out....
@_date: 2014-01-22 11:07:45
Why does a currency need speculation? Why is people holding Bitcoin (as opposed to trading and buying) desirable for any reason other than pushing up the price so people can get rich quick? 
My understanding is that if everyone bought speculatively and held, as many people seem to encourage, it would end in tears, because then the price is then founded on a snowball of speculation, rather than any underlying value.
@_date: 2014-03-04 10:33:33


No, demonstrating a weakness on a live system isn't providing a useful security service, it's a dangerous security service. Apply your logic to the real world: someone spots a weakness in airport security which means they can detonate explosives on a plane - would you consider it a useful service if they then detonated explosives on a public plane?
We have testnet for a reason.


I think interesting is a good word to use.
@_date: 2014-01-15 17:54:46
That's a whole different discussion depending on what definition you accept for currency.
For all practical intents and purposes in this context (e.g. can it be enforced, and by who) it is a currency, or at least is the jurisdiction of the same regulatory body (SEC) as ruled by a Federal Judge in the case of Trendon Shavers.
@_date: 2014-09-09 14:42:04
It has potential, but in a different market to Tinder. I think the appeal with Tinder for many is that it's free sex. If you introduce money, it changes the equation entirely. Also, there's quite a big social stigma when you bundle sex with money (regardless of how well it works). Also, I think that people who use Bitcoin think more carefully about their money, whereas the whole point of the Tinder interface is that you don't do much thinking surrounding the decision. And ultimately, why would people use what is effectively a paid version of Tinder when they could use Tinder? I see your thought process of "find something successful, mix it with Bitcoin" but I don't think it works to well with this particular example due to social and perceptual issues. It may work if it was specifically targetted towards the escort/prostitution sort of market, but that market has a lot less people compared to the Tinder market.
But I really like the idea of the interface you describe, flicking through and setting a slider. A better application for such an interface with Bitcoin might be something more trivial in concept and in cost. For example, make the slider represent a bid on something that's really cheap and trivial. Maybe even a novel interface for eBay: the user selects a bunch of filters or categories and is presented with brand new just listed eBay auctions, they specify the price with the slider and a bid is placed. 
It might even make a good interface for a cryptocurrency exchange or similar: users are prompted with bid/asks and swipe to accept/decline or swipe a slider to make a bid on a particular off. (e.g. seller lists "100BTC - 10 minutes" and the 100BTC offer is shown to other users for 10 minutes and other users move the slider to specify how much they bid and of what currency or similar).
@_date: 2014-03-02 14:10:37
Exactly - like putting money in the bank. As soon as it's not in your pocket, it's not in your control. The bank can look after it for you, but then it's only as secure as the bank says it is. Turns out in this case, the bank (Gox) wasn't very secure.
@_date: 2014-03-03 10:53:46
That is some Inception level meta-hacking right there O_o
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:08:30


It doesn't matter if they intend to or not. The reason why a lot of people use Bitcoin (and give it value) is that we don't just have to rely on peoples good intentions.
If we're relying on good intentions, as said, we may has well be using PayPal.
@_date: 2014-06-20 10:01:55
A 3rd party payment processor (like PayPal, or Western Union or similar) which has non reversible payments - e.g. when you send the money, you can't cancel or reverse the transaction. This is to stop someone paying for some BTC, and then once receiving the BTC, reversing the payment via the payment processor to end up with the BTC and their money.
There aren't many non-reversible payment processors out there unfortunately, but they do exist (see 
@_date: 2014-02-07 11:32:09
That's interesting. It's not so much an objection to it (as in I wasn't accusing you of this) but more raising awareness of it's potential impact and implications. You're right though, it is a double edged sword in that remaining impartial may result in people outside the community listening to what you have to say, whereas it may make people inside the community be sceptical of what you have to say. 
I think going as far as claiming not holding BTC but researching them is "suspicious" I think is the exact sort of tinfoil hat imagery that the Bitcoin community needs to shake off. Generalisations like that are parallel to the opposing thoughts we all hate of "if you use Bitcoin you're a criminal" - "if you don't use Bitcoin, you must be dodgy"
With regards to holding no fiat money, one can only be as unbiased as is possibly achievable. It is possible to research Bitcoin and not hold Bitcoin. It is not possible for most (yet) to not hold any fiat currency.
Again, it's a subjective issue, but I think - in the name of empirical and objective science - it's an important one which isn't that widely discussed. On some level, it's parallel to the difference between unbiased academic research and industry sponsored research.
Ah yeah, I'd looked on that page, but it blended in with all the other stuff you've achieved. I've had a quick glance and it looks impressive, I'll take a further read later - thanks again.
And if you have a Masters degree in economics, you're a better read in economics than me, although I agree entirely with the more we know, the more we know we don't know.
@_date: 2014-03-13 12:26:16


The same argument could be applied to information on the Web when it first started. "what use is the Web anyway, there's nobody else using, so you have to use other sources of information to get the full picture." Same could be said about Twitter when it started "what's the point in using it, only a *very small* minority of people use it"
Bitcoin is bound by the same network effects, it's only as useful as the amount of people that use it. Given the amount of people that use it feels like it's increasing, we can conclude it's only going to become more and more useful (like the Web and Twitter did.)
You are right in that the opposite could happen: if it never reaches the critical mass it's never going to get the adoption, and that is a possibility which nobody can refute, but one that we can't say is or has happened until it's already happened.


But what's the reason that it's not accepted in these contexts yet? No countries have made Bitcoin explicitly illegal. Only time will tell if any countries will accept it as legal tender. If any countries do accept it as legal tender, then people CAN pay for those things in BTC. Again, we can't say this isn't going to happen until Bitcoin dies. At the moment, it's still growing, so we can't rule out the chance that some country will eventually accept it as legal tender (and then I'll come back and make you eat you words;) ).
It's also not unheard of for countries to have multiple currencies which can be used interchangeably (e.g. [Lesotho](
Furthermore, as I stated in my previous comment, some people do keep a portion of their money in Bitcoin, and do make a portion of their purchases with Bitcoin, and do earn a portion of their money in Bitcoin. So these people don't pay any fees as OP stated, because the fees come at the point of interaction with fiat. 


That's fine. I think you've touched on one thing in your comment which I think is an issue in the Bitcoin community, the circlejerk of "EVERYONE SHOULD USE BITCOIN". Like any currency, Bitcoin isn't for everyone. There may genuinely not be a coherent argument for you usage of currency, and I think the the community as a whole could do itself a favour by admitting that Bitcoin isn't for everyone, and maybe not even for the majority of the world. But then again, no currency is. I have respect for you still trying to learn more, despite not hearing a coherent argument - more people should be like you rather than just poo-pooing it based on what they've read in the news.


I agree wholeheartedly. Again, another one of my issues with the community, which is changing, is that notion of "I don't like your rules so I'm not going to play by them". I think I'm a believer of change by playing by the rules, and I'm all for some form of regulation for Bitcoin, just not enforced regulation by a government, because that has lead to exclusivity and more costs that some people don't want to or don't need to incur (e.g. becoming a licensed money transmitter in all U.S. states costs many millions of dollars).
If I could give you one bit of feedback or advice though, it would be not to assume all Bitcoin users and hairy weed smoking anarchists. Sure, a good portion of it might be, just as a good portion of police officers love doughnuts. But it's changing. "Serious people" are buying into Bitcoin and building businesses on it. I'm not saying that in itself lends credibility to it, but it does illustrate my point that not all Bitcoin users are junkies, criminals or even libertarians or anarchists.
@_date: 2014-01-10 09:15:50
Read through the whole thread, it's quite interesting.
As said, they don't mention Bitcoin or Cryptocurrencies anywhere in their ToS AFAIK, but they do say you're not allowed to sell currencies.
The notable things are here that:
1) PayPal said they are not letting him sell his product using their service because they're in direct competition. The is against anti trust and anti competition laws (e.g.  and 
2) PayPal's normal approach is to settle out of court, force the complainant to sign and NDA and ban them from using PayPal. This guy has openly admitted he has enough money to last him "4 lifetimes" so he's not going to settle. He says the money locked up (I think he mentioned 10's of thousands of $) is money he could do without, so it's more on principal rather than the actual money itself.
3) specifically, he also mentions he's going after their credit card license. He's arguing PayPal are in breach of credit card license restriction and are not allowed to withhold people's cash for any reason other than fraud of criminal activities (as PayPal said they did it because it was Bitcoin and seen as competition, and he's actually just selling computers - albeit spec'd up to mine Bitcoin.)
With all due respect to the guy, he doesn't seem like the sort of person that could take PayPal to court on his own, but he appears to have a good team of lawyers with a reasonable sphere of influence, and a very determined attitude and sense of justice. Hopefully his lawyers can deal with the parts he's not so good with (like paragraphs.)
I hope he goes through with it, it will be interesting. I fear if it goes to court though, PayPal will just disassociate themselves from the comments made by staff regarding competition, then he doesn't have that much of a unique case.
@_date: 2014-01-17 10:44:47
Can we have raw data and more information about your numbers please?
For example, your BTC sales (in the context of being 29% higher on black friday) are they represented in BTC, or USD, and if it's USD, what exchange rate did you use, the rate on the day, or the rate now? Also, did you convert it immediately, if so through who at what price? An axis label or 2 wouldn't go hurt either.
I ask this because if you take into consideration the fact the Bitcoin prices on Black Friday were about 30% higher than they are today, that sort of negates any benefit Bitcoin provided on black friday (at least, if you were to cash them or spend them today)
It's all well and good to say your busting myths with actual data, but if you're going to do that, you need to show us your actual data, not just some unlabelled polygons.
I'm not saying accepting Bitcoin isn't good for business or that Bitcoin users are worse, but we have a responsibility to make sure we accurately represent the pro's and con's of Bitcoin. Otherwise people get mislead and then get upset when they realise they've been mislead and blame it on Bitcoin rather than their own lack of expertise in critical thinking....
@_date: 2014-04-09 11:57:26
How is this any different to the BitInstant debit card?
They too said 6 - 8 weeks about 2 years ago:
@_date: 2014-05-23 09:24:56
That's how the theory goes, yes.
I think there were also a lot of complaints regarding the handling of BFL. Despite them not shipping products and most of the community considering BFL scammers, Theymos still took money from them and continued advertising their products on Bitcointalk, further legitimizing BFL and leading to more new folk getting conned.
I have nothing personal against him (although I do disagree with some of his handling of money) I think the idea of having one person ultimately in control of the 2 biggest (I think) English speaking Bitcoin discussion forums does go against ideals commonly held by bitcoiners such as decentralisation and removing potential points of corruption.
It's not like he's some kind of dictator/tyrant though. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 09:20:54


What about Apple's freedom to dictate what goes in their app store?
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:42:06
I agree with you entirely, each side has it's own benefits. I've taken a similar approach to you, I've tried Bitcoin and experimented with it - I think one has to to be able to comment. But I try avoid holding any or anything that is affected by the value or success or uptake of it.
Despite that, I do really like the system. Even not holding any, I still feel I probably have a bit too much of an attachment to the system to be unbiased (or so I've been told). As you pointed out though, it is practically impossible to totally eliminate bias or exposure to bias, so the best we can do is acknowledge our biased with things like disclosure notices and being clear about what we say, what evidence we have to back it up and how it may be influenced by our own opinions.
@_date: 2014-09-23 16:04:08
I feel you've missed my point totally.
If you totally remove the politics from Bitcoin, you still have a functional, fast, resilient, decentralised payment system. That's far bigger, better, more appealing to the majority and inclusive than any particular political philosophy.  In many cases, politically minded people will realise the political implications from the feature set alone. If you just advertise the politics, then people who don't agree with those politics will be pushed away, despite a decentralised payment system still being beneficial to them (and their use of that system also being beneficial to us).
I'm not articulating myself brilliantly here, but I believe selling Bitcoin on it's politics is akin to selling a car on it's colour, and the particular colour (politics) of Bitcoin doesn't appeal to the majority (or at least, the majority aren't aware it should appeal to them).
A well designed protocol like Bitcoin aims to be should be resilient against everything, including politics, so why not just focus on the fact that Bitcoin should be resilient against everything? The political bit can be inferred from that by those who wish to do so, without alienating the vast majority who don't agree with the particular political philosophy folks like Cody try to impose.
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:47:25
This isn't new stuff.
In fact, I don't think they're even proposing anything new, they're just documenting Chaums eCash, they even reference all of Chaums work, and combine it with Brands work but the system doesn't really offer anything that Chaum's work didn't, and some of his stuff dated back to the early 80's.
@_date: 2014-06-04 10:11:22
KYC, at the moment, in the UK, I think, only applies when exchanging with fiat, so crypto &lt;-&gt; crypto is fine.
@_date: 2014-01-20 08:58:57
Yup. 
I think it's a different kind of exchange though. If it keeps the same auction (or even Buy it now) format of eBay, I could see it being a brilliant place for the casual user to exchange coins he's earned through accepting BTC or similar.
Traders wont like it as much though because it's not as "real time" so bots and such will have to work differently and slower. It's probably not a bad thing to keep the normal people away from speculative traders and such.
@_date: 2014-02-07 10:13:24
I suppose tone is another subjective thing. 
I agree with what you're saying regarding theories and testing theories. I suppose I was more trying to highlight is that if you openly use Bitcoin a lot, and hold a lot of BTC, then you should be wary that some people will be less trusting with regards to what you're saying, because your impartiality is affected: it's in your financial interest for you to focus on the good aspects as opposed to the bad aspects of Bitcoin.
Also, is there anywhere we can view your master thesis? I'd be quite interested to read it.
Thanks for taking the time to respond too, and keep up the good work - I wish I was more widely read in economics like yourself!
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:48:01
They've lost lots of money and got lots locked away in lawsuits and such. Furthermore, a system like theirs isn't cheap to run. They also have staff to pay, who will most likely get paid before customers. Gox has been a sinking ship since 2011 and everyone who's been around since then knows it.
@_date: 2014-03-17 10:44:39


Proof-of-spend in terms of money wouldn't really work for e-mail IMO. That's the whole reason to use e-mail, because it's free.
Proof-of-work does work for e-mail: HashCash. It's been suggested HashCash served as part of the inspiration for Bitcoin, as it's referenced in the original white paper. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 09:09:15
So can you use PayPal?
The article doesn't say, but PayPal have clearly said that transactions surrounding currencies aren't allow through PayPal (it's in their AUP) and it's been ruled that Bitcoin does count as a currency (at least in the sense that it falls within the remit of the SEC.)
This has huge implications for the exchange ecosystem. I've met many people who said they would buy crypto's if it was easy and they know where and how. Most people know where eBay is and how to use it - it could very well become one of the bigger exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-14 08:51:39
And that's one of the reasons why nobody does bank transfer using eBay - in fact, I'm not even sure you can safely do it without PayPal (e.g. you have to go outside the system.) By addressing the problem, I mean mitigate it, account for it, do something about it - not just point out how it is a problem elsewhere. 
I think you really need to think further about implications beyond one person trying to con the other person.
Think about how the banks will respond to this. You call this decentralised, but ultimately there is still a single point of failure: whatever system is used to transfer fiat. In that respect, it still has the same weak spot as e.g. localbitcoins.
Furthermore, in this system, if something does go wrong with the fiat transfer - how does it get resolved? I can see a scenario where Alice buys 1BTC of Bob, but something goes wrong with Bob's transfer. Alice doesn't believe Bob so wont release it, Bob doesn't want to lose his money because of his bank so wont release it, everyone loses out apart from the banks.
On top of that, as good as a nash equilibrium is, like all game theory, it's assuming rational actors. It's also assuming that losing money is an issue for the malicious party. If the BTC purchaser is using money that isn't his, he has nothing to lose.
I'm all for abstract solutions, but relying on game theory assumptions is not safe, because you're assuming you can predict how humans will behave. The same logic was applied to mining pools "they wont get too big because people will switch to save the network" but many pools have had over 30% of the hash rate and people wont switch unless they are told to. The same was said about mining "if a person had that amount of mining power, it wouldn't be in their interest to double spend" yet there's evidence the ghash.io tried lots of double spends against BetDice.
Basically, there's too much human input in this system for it to be safe.
@_date: 2014-07-03 16:05:26
You're right, I misinterpreted what was said. Thanks for pointing that out.
I don't think PayPals incentives are that opaque: they don't want to get in trouble (and accompanying legal fees) so they block whatever could even remotely be classed as illegal. The reversibility of transactions there is a "feature" which attracts more customers and money. With PayPal, at least we know exactly who the people are and what laws and rules they're supposedly bound by.


I'm inferring that you believe they wouldn't try to double spend, or get 50% of the power because it would harm their business model due to the effect such behaviour would have on the value of BTC? As I said elsewhere, there's already evidence they've attempted double spends in the past, and they've, on multiple instances, got close to 50% and done nothing to stop it. They did say, several months ago - around the first scare, they would start to allow cex.io customers to point their hashing power at other pools. They haven't done this AFAIK.
Despite this, Bitcoin value is increasing. I want to believe there's an incentive for them not to get 50% and not to double spend, but I've not seen much evidence for it:/ 
Not all people are long term rational actors. Someone opting for an irrational hedonistic strategy might prefer to get all the money from Bitcoin they can whilst running it into the ground, for a short term payout.


I think we should *at least* know how the company is operated and by whom. I'd much prefer they didn't exist, in favour of decentralised pools or similar though. As I said, as long as they exist, and have control of so much hashpower, we have to trust they wont be evil (or be forced to be evil), so we don't have a trustless protocol. A trustless protocol is quite an important concept for some cryptocurrency folk.
@_date: 2014-03-02 12:12:24
I don't think this is true at all.
As a community, we're getting better and better at identifying and dealing with fraud. Also, although Bitcoin maybe unregulated, that doesn't mean laws relating to fraud don't apply. Pokemon cards aren't regulated, but if someone deceived someone else resulting in a large personal gain of pokemon cards, they can still be prosecuted.
We're seeing more and more instances of Bitcoin related crimes ending up in courts. (E.g. trendon shavers, bitcoinica, BFL etc.)
Furthermore, not everyone uses Bitcoin because it's unregulated. One thing I like about Bitcoin is that it enable fast, borderless and cheap transactions. No matter how much you regulate Bitcoin, these features cannot be stopped. Also, being able to hold your own digital value on your own computer is something no other payment systems offer - again, something which can't be practically regulated.


If you look around, wiht regards to Gox, you'll see Japanese regulations with regards to civil rehabilitation have come into play. On top of that, you'll see people ARE tracing the Gox funds.
@_date: 2014-01-31 11:50:58
A currency isn't the same as a country (e.g. something like 18 countries use the euro). They're actually active in 193 markets (
On top of that, you don't need a PayPal account to use PayPal so account numbers are not indicative of users (
@_date: 2014-02-14 14:33:54
Thanks for the reply. Sorry if my post came across as overly critical -  I really appreciate people looking for solutions to the issue of centralised exchanges, and you're right, this is a step in the right direction. It's not a total solution to all the issues, but it's progress, and deserves credit.


I understand that, but I think you missed my point, if you're receiving money off of someone who is a criminal (and by that, I don't mean a general Bitcoin user, I mean e.g. someone who has been engaging in credit card fraud) then you are at risk of being questioned, having your account frozen or even closed unless you explain your transaction was for BTC. Again, it's not so much a problem caused by your system, it's more a "feature" of fiat banking - but it's something that could have implications for the users of your system who will be sending and receiving money from fiat account of individuals they don't know, who could be criminals.


SEPA transactions can be reversed for up to 10 days AFAIK, but it's not easy (for "exceptional cases".)
@_date: 2014-06-05 08:45:41
Sort of.
I'm actually advocating charitable donations to exploit the greed in money hungry miners to make them not all just go to the single pool with the best rate, instead allowing non-miners to influence the rates of other pools to encourage switching between pools, rather than pools like ghash.io getting too powerful.
@_date: 2014-09-23 11:23:17
I agree with you entirely.
When Cody says "Bitcoin is a political tool" I think he actually means "Bitcoin is a political tool for me".
Bitcoin is a tool and a tool is apolitical - the politics are are attached by the operator of the tool.
If someone wants to use that tool for political means, then that's fine. But nobody, including Cody, has the right to tell people how, why or for what reasons people should use Bitcoin.
It frustrates me a little bit to see a lot of the mainstream UK coverage over is typically through the lens of it being a political thing. Personally, I feel people who only see, situate and talk about Bitcoin in the political context are doing their cause more harm then good - politics are divisive, and attributing Bitcoin to a certain subset of politics is inherently exclusionary.
If Bitcoin is a political tool, then that will show through when people use it - regardless of how or why they use it. But implying the purpose of Bitcoin is purely to "fight the machine" will have the end result that a large group of people will never want to use it, despite it being beneficial and useful to them in a practical &amp; non-political way.
Although having said all that, I'd definitely rather it didn't become centralised. Not for political reasons, but for practical reasons. Systems break for reasons beyond politics (e.g. human error, hardware failure, infrastructure failure etc.) and decentralisation creates resilience against most kind of failures. Why only focus on just the tiny political subset of failures?
@_date: 2014-02-07 08:52:08
I've just had a quick browse of your blog, it seems really informative. I'm not an economist, but I have been researching Bitcoin.
I'm not experienced enough in economics to critique that heavily, but my one bit of feedback that I can provide is that I think you should be very careful with your tone. I spotted in numerous places in your blog you calling other people and other groups of people stupid.
It doesn't matter if you're smart, it doesn't matter what you know or what you've done, if you go around calling people stupid (which is entirely subjective and relative "everyone is stupid, just on a different subject") then you weaken your own position as an individual, as well as weakening the position of the entire cause. 
Furthermore, as a researcher, it maybe worth carefully considering your position with Bitcoin and the implications that has for the strength of your argument and other people's perception of the validity of your empirical data. If you hold a lot of Bitcoins, and you're preaching about Bitcoins, then anything you say in support of Bitcoin could easily be taken with the same validity a pro-smoking research would be taken from a tobacco company.
@_date: 2014-02-07 09:53:20


I agree. Although, I'm sure they might argue something along the line so of "we're protecting our developers from wasting their time on things which might be illegal at some point in the near future" which is probably BS. It probably is in their financial interest (squashing competition etc.) to not allow wallet stuff, but why are people surprised that a company (especially Apple) would do something to make money?


That's irrelevant. Money is just bits of paper (or cotton...?) and bits of metal, doesn't mean it isn't or shouldn't be regulated.


Indeed, Apple is is not for us:) It does frustrate me seeing so many Apple people complaining and in total shock that they would do this - this is exactly what all the Android fans have been warning about. (Although Google isn't that much better, at least you're not forced to use the Google Play store).
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:57:57
Ha, yes. My brother said the same to me too. I don't hold Bitcoin any more (haven't for the past year or so) but 18 months ago I took my money out of Gox because they were just too unreliable/unpredictable.
You're right though. I think most people who have done a decent amount of research in it would conclude Gox wasn't a safe place to store your BTC, especially if you wanted access to them. There are the odd exception where some well researched people thought they could beat the system and got stung...
@_date: 2014-06-04 09:07:17
I think this is a bad idea.
The idea of "why doesn't everyone just buy a mining contract?" I think is what got us in this situation in the first place.
I believe a lot of ghash's mining power comes from companies like cex.io, who sell mining contracts but don't allow customers to choose a pool. 
People think they see a good opportunity for profit at cex.io so pay for mining contracts from there. Ultimately, they're just paying cex to contribute towards ghash potenitally doing double spends and 51% attacks.
This is down to, IMO, people wanting to make money, rather than people wanting to mine and support the network.
Last time we had this scare, cex said they would implement pool switching. Apparently they haven't.
@_date: 2014-05-30 13:42:50
Couldn't some of Brand's and Chaum's work could fall under this definition, which would mean that Bitcoin wasn't the first cryptocurrency...?
@_date: 2014-01-28 11:08:29
I'm willing to agree perhaps OP shouldn't have used the word speculating, but instead should have used the term "investing." Investing is different, in that you are contributing for the better. Buying bitcoin and holding isn't investing, because it's not helping anyone, it's just trying to get yourself rich at the expense of others.
The point I was getting at is that there's speculating (as in buying and holding money, reducing the supply, pushing the price up unnecessarily, causing, in turn, more speculation of the same kind, causing volatility) and then there's trading.
Bitcoin needs people to trade to work (as in, if someone who can't mine wants some Bitcoin, there has to be someone with "bitcoins for sale" which I think is what OP was getting at) but speculating that the price will go up, so buying and holding them in anticipation of selling a lot higher doesn't offer the service of "bitcoins for sale" - it does nothing, apart from push the price up, which in turn, puts people off ('I can't afford to buy a Bitcoin at that price' or 'I can't justify spending that amount on something that in't real' or just 'I don't see why Bitcoin is worth that much'.) 
@_date: 2014-02-13 17:24:39
One potential problem is that in most countries with AML/KYC laws, if you receive money off a dodgy people, you risk having your account closed or frozen.
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:14:06
Oh I agree, blockheight is cleverer (and definitely more fitting) than just putting the plane old date and time. 
But you do see how it would have been cleverer  to use the block hash AND the block height, instead of just the block height? It would have served as an actually verifiable proof of the earliest time the message could have been created, which isn't possible with just the block height.
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:55:12
I agree entirely with you regarding the backing from government if a bank goes down. But that doesn't apply everywhere.
It's the price of freedom IMO. With great power comes great responsibility.
I think people who call it a ponzi scheme don't understand what a ponzi scheme is. A greater fools game, yes, just as many markets could be described. Whether that's good or bad is a different question.
I do wholeheartedly agree though - I think the Bitcoin community as a whole does need to be more forthcoming about the downsides and risks of Bitcoin. I don't think it's for everyone yet.
@_date: 2014-08-31 19:14:08
Hanlon's Razor. I think Heinlein's razor includes an addition along the lines of "don't rule out malice"
...or maybe this is a "whooooosh" moment on my part....
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:35:33
I'm not sure "all sales are final" is legal in the europe, there's various statutory consumer rights and such. I'd be interested in hearing how people handle it though.
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:22:28
Wow! This is a brilliant read. I can hear the author dictating it through clenched teeth - reads like he's lost a lot of money in Bitcoin in the past.
e.g. this footnote on the first page:


obvious, and hence, not novel enough research. I pointed out that this created a bizarre situation, in which one could 
write any number of pedestrian articles on bitcoin, and get published as novel. But because the errors of thought in the 
conception of bitcoin were so fundamental, pointing them out could not get published. Hence, this article in ArXive. I 
do not have endless time, and my opinion that economic thinkers have an obligation to inform other fields of study is 
not shared by all. But this paper has been read over by experts in the field.
edit: by brilliant, I don't mean good. I mean brilliant that someone would write something like this, in this style, and claims it's academic.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:10:38
No, I was being genuine (no offence taken or anything, things are easily misread when restricted to text.) 
Many sellers on localbitcoin don't require you to meet them, they can accept payment over electronic means and even use escrow for protection (
@_date: 2013-12-16 17:30:41


Because those all ultimately are represented in the number of transactions or are useless: More merchants is useless without more transactions (more merchants and the same amount of transactions means less transactions per merchant, less incentive to keep accepting.) Size of things you can buy is useless (if you could just buy one thing, but it was massive, would that be better than millions of little things? arguably no, but it's subjective) the number of people who are able to transact is useless if people aren't transacting (e.g. e-mail, millions of people can have the ability to send e-mails, but if nobody does, there's no point having an e-mail system.)
The guy clearly implies he thinks the value of Bitcoin is related to number of transactions, he then goes onto explain why he thinks that:


What you've done is just said "it's meaningless" but you've not said why his particular value is meaningless, you've just stated a bunch of other meaningless values.


I agree, it would be wrong just to evaluate it on a single variable, but that doesn't mean the variable he did suggest is meaningless as you said.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:50:47
They will still be around, still getting some use. Ultimately though, a good portion of potential Bitcoin users in China won't want any BTC if they can't buy anything in China with it.
If all deposits to US based exchanges stopped accepting $, localbitcoin would still work, but the price of Bitcoin would go down.
@_date: 2013-12-16 18:04:22




Assuming you were being sarcastic, you said dividing it by market cap (to compare price against number of transactions) is meaningless.


definition of speculation "the forming of a theory or conjecture without firm evidence." Since bubble's can only be identified after they've happened, we can't say it's a bubble, but what you just said sounds pretty similar to speculation. But we can see what he's getting at: people are speculating, buying under the assumption that price will go higher, rather than realising the value (e.g. actually transacting.)


It's not a totally false conclusion. You said it yourself, it could show what he's saying. It's just that it could show other things too. That doesn't mean what he's saying is definitively invalid. That's like saying "this chest pain can't possibly be a heart attack because a chest pain is also the symptom of trapped wind."
I'm not saying this article is definitive or certain, I'm just saying that it's not meaningless, at least by my definition. And we wouldn't know if it was meaningless by your definition as you didn't elaborate to your definition or as to why the article would fit within it.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:59:24
Legal is a state-dependent word. You can't have legal status of something that exists outside of a single state entity surely?
What laws exactly are you abiding by?
What is your definition of lawful business? Who else accepts this definition?
It's a really interesting idea, and I like it, but those fancy words you use have meaning which isn't fully represented in your actions.....
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:11:10
Thieves? So I presume you're planning on reimbursing the owners of all those computers you're going to involve in that DDoS? 
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:50:34
I wouldn't worry about it being totally lost - they've been around for a while and are doing well. 
Bitstamp are a UK registered PLC, it's run by this guy:
I mean c'mon, he's wearing a suit - what more do you want from a CEO?
@_date: 2013-12-05 09:45:57
It doesn't make clear the implications though. 
So for example, UK financial institutions avoid Bitcoin. The implication of this is that they are very sceptical of any Bitcoin business and commonly clsoe down Bitcoin related bank accounts. Not because it's illegal, but because the government is putting a lot of pressure on financial institutions to be good (for reasons not directly related to Bitcoin)
@_date: 2013-12-09 08:10:39
One of the underlying principles of Bitcoin is a free market.
The whole point of the fixed algorithmic production I believe is to reduce manipulation of value by currency producers. What you're suggesting is price manipulation controlled by a central body. This is EXACTLY what Bitcoin was made to protect against. Sure, you can say "do it with numbers and bots" but you'd have to make the entire system P2P - even at the point of making deposits to the system.
"Since the deposits are sold on highs and used to buy on lows, profits are expected" 
That's all well and good when the price is going up.
"Deposits can be withdrawn from the General Fund at any time (-7.5% withdrawal fee"
What happens when someone dumps a load on another exchange and everyone withdraws at once?
This will only work if a huge amount of people (e.g. enough people to offset the volatility) sign up. Even then, there's no way of predicting that someone who isn't up for it isn't going to come along and buy a huge quantity of Bitcoins, going well outside your "allowed volatility." 
"Estimated Deposits Required:
Roughly 150,000BTC + $100M worth of fiat
3% of BTC used to defend the price of the other 97% is money well spent"
What if one of the many people that hold 1%+ of all Bitcoins come along and sell?
What about your service level agreement on volatility when this does happen?
What about your bots behaviour when this happens?
What about the mass withdrawal of all your customers when this happens?
"What we need from the Community
A website that will process deposits from users"
So you want a centralised Website to accept 300,000BTC? And what background do you have in running a secure business?
Finally, you'd have to do it on all exchanges. If it ever came to light one exchange's volatility was being reduced by this, I imagine a lot of traders would move away from it. Also, I imagine if you tried to cover all exchanges, someone would setup and exchange and simply wouldn't let you trade on it.
This idea could work with an altcoin maybe, but it goes fundamentally against some of the the underlying principles of Bitcoin IMO. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:02:55
An incorporated company limits your personal responsibility. But an incorporated company has a strict legal definition which varies across jurisdiction. 
Without stating a jurisdiction or any definition, everything you say it's pretty meaningless.....
I mean I like the idea, it appeals to me a lot, but this isn't how it can happen I don't think....
@_date: 2013-12-16 17:36:41
Ha, good to hear.
2 more points I noticed about Bitmit which I think you have already thought about:
1. In the UK, I found Bitmit to be quite slow. Not fatally slow, but notably slower than I'd say 75% of other website I used. This put me off on some level.
2. I wasn't paying much attention so I maybe wrong here, but I didn't see many adverts for Bitmit around - put some money into advertising it, don't risk the "build it and they will come" mentality.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:43:56
Don't worry, I got it covered. Just posted this in response, waiting for approval:
I really appreciate a critical view of Bitcoin, especially from someone that holds some and has done for a while. This is exactly what we need, critical open discussion, accepting the floor in the Bitcoin system. I don't think Bitcoin will become the next world currency, but I think it it will be around for a long time, and that it does have value, just not the value everyone would want it to have. 
However, I don't think you've put forward a very concrete argument as to why. In some cases you have, but here's a few counter arguments to your article.
anonymity/privacy: localbitcoins don't require AML/KYC. Bitcoin can be anonymous beyond the level required for the average person when using local bitcoin, in combination with a mixer (including inherent mixing involved in most web wallets.) You're right that it's not hugely practical for the average Joe, but the average Joe doesn't need 100% anonymity. PGP isn't hugely practical, but lots of people still use it through choice or necessity. Also, Bitcoin isn't sold as anonymous. In fact, numerous devs have explicitly stated Bitcoin shouldn't be assumed to be anonymous. But neither should credit/debit or other bank transfers.
security: Bitcoin is pretty secure. Saying Bitcoin is insecure because an exchange got hacked is like saying US dollars are insecure because someone robbed the bank. Bitcoin is a new technology, and it's usage is different and new to all of us, there's bound to be human error. Hell, look at RBS' outage the past day or 2. That's very different to the security of a technology though, which is Bitcoins sale point. It doesn't make any claims that it will prevent it's users from doing stupid things.
 
fungibility: could be a problem, but again, not how you describe. Bank notes have serial numbers on them, bank notes can be counterfeited. You could get some $1 bill change off someone in one shop, go to another shop and that $1 bill gets rejected because you got given a counterfeit. There is no system for this yet with Bitcoin (e.g. tracking or logs of tainted coins) but things like Coinvalidation and others are trying to bring it it. This is a bad idea. But your original point about Bitcoin having low fungibility because coins can be marked or rejected because of association with crime is no more applicable to Bitcoin than it is to USD. So it's not a problem at the moment, but it could be in future if there are some bad services run on top (again, same with other currency)
Finite limit: I'm not sure how I feel about this one, but I'll present a few counter arguments for you anyway (not saying I agree with these either, but it's some food for thought/devils advocate.) Gold is a finite resource, we lived happily with that as a currency or sole unit of account for a long time. Also, the assumption that people wont spend is generalising rationalism to an irrational population. If what you're saying is true, the volume going through  all the exchanges combined would be equal to the volume of Bitcoins produced in a day (because nobody would sell, so only coins being sold would be those fresh onto the market from miners.) That's clearly not the case. There will always be a core of people (be it maybe just geeks nerds and criminals) that will use it for trade because of their own beliefs, regardless of the value (like early early adopters) and as a result, there will always be people trading between it and fiat.
Finite resource will encourage hoarding from some though, and there will be inevitable bubble bust cycles from waves of media attention, people hoarding, value stops rising, crashes back down to actual transaction count based value and repeats. But it will never go below the market value assigned by that relatively small group of people that do actually use Bitcoin for it's transactional value rather than as get rich quick scheme.
So in summary, I think Bitcoin will not become a world currency (e.g. replace all other currencies.) But it doesn't have to be all or nothing, live or die. It seems counter intuitive to say categorically Bitcoin can't be a currency, because it is functioning as one at the moment. It's just the majority of it's users don't use it as a currency. 
Even if you conclude Bitcoin doesn't rationally make sense to use, plenty of irrational features and behaviours have survived through many generations of humans. You can say Bitcoin won't last forever, but nothing ever does. Take fiat currencies for example: the average life span of a fiat currency is 27 years. Does that mean we should just not use them?
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:02:47
But for all practical intents and purposes, there's nowhere on this planet (bar maybe international waters, and that unclaimed place in Antarctica) where if you do something, a group of people wont come along and claim to be the authoritative government for where you are. So for all practical intents and purposes, you're still still subject to those laws (or at least they'll try and force you to obey) 
I will check it out the audiobook, thanks. Out of interest, do you have a specific background in this area of law, or just general legal background?
@_date: 2013-12-19 15:26:01
I agree with him to some extent. I understand his frustration at the mentality of what's perceived to be the average Bitcoiner. I think some of the common Bitcoin haunts (here, Bitcointalk, some of the IRC channels) have a lot of people with strong ideals that come across as naive.
I think in response to this though, one needs to separate the people from the technology. The technology, regardless of the ideals involved, demonstrates some novel thinking. Part of his issue, I feel, is that we can't quite fit Bitcoin into our existing paradigm (in the context of law, economics, crime, geography and many other aspects) but that doesn't mean it's bad. I think some people feel threatened because Bitcoin is different, the same way HMV probably felt threatened by music on the Web. That doesn't mean music on the Web is bad though.
Saying Bitcoin is terrible because of the ideals of the "community" (which seems to be the bulk of his issues) is, at the risk of invoking Godwin's Law and discrediting my entire argument, comparable to saying the VW Beetle is terrible because it was made and used in Nazi Germany.
I think he's correct in saying it's an experiment. But if we also consider the apple falling on Newtons head an experiment, I can't help but feel like he writing off gravity before the apple has left the tree.
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:13:44
Ha, that's a nice thought exercise. How would a country on the blockchain work?
Well, a written constitution would be needed. But the big issue is people live already in physical jurisdictions. For the constitution to mean anything, there would have to be a way to defend citizens against breaches of the constitution enforced by other jurisdictions.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:08:04
You think 75% of the world would say no to a free anything? That's idiotic.
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:48:46
You think  ~50% drop is a crash?
This is a crash:
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:02:17
I think it could be interpreted bad in the short term (scares people, makes price drop) but that needed to happen anyway.
I think it's good in the long term, regulation (not necesarily negative) has to happen at some point. The sooner it happens, the sooner we can adapt to it and get on with our lives. Otherwise, you get a risky limbo like in the UK where people aren't sure exactly what they can and can't do so don't want to risk setting up an business if the bank could at any point freeze their funds.
@_date: 2013-12-10 19:02:12
Ha, no worries. Given that you weren't the only person to think that, I should probably consider making myself more clear in future.
But I concur, SOOOOOOOON O_o
@_date: 2013-11-18 14:21:50
I'm sure there's plenty of people here who will take your money in exchange for some magic ~~beans~~ bitcoins
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:01:16
In the context of "do you want these free BTC, or do you want nothing" (which is basically what OP was proposing) I believe at least 25% of the worlds population would take the BTC.
Why, what do you think?
@_date: 2013-12-19 15:28:34
I think it's cyclical. The price is crashing, so people are more frantically hitting refresh on there, causing it to fail, causing the price to crash more. Same as what happens at some exchanges during bubbles.
@_date: 2013-12-10 15:30:51
That's not the finance minister of Cyprus, that's Dr. Christos Vlachos, CFO of the University of Nicosia (it says earlier on in the video)
The finance minister of Cyprus is Charis Georgiades (
@_date: 2013-11-15 10:27:22
Basically, what you're saying is "this guy has been involved with drugs, lets talk about all the bad things he does in hope nothing he does catches on." 
How is that any different from the media storm of "Bitcoin has been involved with drugs and bad things, lets talk about all the bad things it does in hope nothing it does catches on"
This is what a tabloid would do. Don't lower yourselves to that level. Is all this does is try to intimidate people into behaving the way you want because you disagree with them. Is this what you want the Bitcoin community to be, one where people are afraid to engage in case the community disagrees and tries to ruin their life?
If you want to change the world, make an impact, stop something happening then bitching about someone's past doesn't do that, it invalidates your side in the same way that name calling does. If you have an issue with what he's doing with Bitcoin, then discuss and refute that. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:56:55
I don't really know lots about this sort of stuff, but I would imagine most jurisdictions will require you to register as a corporation to trade, either as a new corporation, or referencing a corporate registration in another accepted jurisdiction.
Given that I don't think anywhere will recognise the blockchain as jurisdiction any time soon (at least without some sort of written legal code or constitution) then the other option is to register as a new corporation, which sort of negates any benefits.
This is all speculation from me though now.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:01:30
But your bank must require an address surely? How did you deal with them? If the bank believes you have an address, can't you just ask for a bank statement with the address on? That tends to work as proof of address for a lot of places.
@_date: 2013-12-09 10:09:01
You're right, some things with Bitcoin will change. Bitcoin can gain history, could gain cultural acceptance, but I don't think it'll be a better store of value than gold.
IMO, the fact that Bitcoin is less scarce, and can be further subdivided makes it no better than gold. It does effect arbitrary units if they can't be recycled. E.g. assume in the future, over time, all but 1BTC gets lost (which is inevitable given a long enough time frame.) 1BTC = 100,000,000 Satoshis. If it's further subdivided, that means instead of having to share out 100,000,000 satoshis between the world population, we could have 100,000,000,000,000, making it more available, less scarce, easier to share out.  Nobody would trade gold if all the gold in the world could only be in one lump, so number of arbitrary units does make a difference. You could say the same about gold "well subdivide grams?" but subdividing Bitcoin doesn't change the practicalities of handling it, whereas gold, it does.
I agree, they overlap, but it shows the value people assign to having something tangible, visible and to show off. You can't wear a shirt made of Bitcoins to show off how wealthy you are - you can (and people do) with gold.
I think we may have to agree to disagree here. I see your point that you see the value of Bitcoins as a store of value. In my opinion, there are far better stores of value out there, and in the store of value market, Bitcoin is not special or new, different or better than gold at storing value. Ultimately, value is subjective.
Where Bicoin does offer new things, things that nothing else provides IMO, is as a borderless decentralised transactional system. Nothing else provides the same or better features than Bitcoin as a unit of transaction for the online world. The only thing that detracts from this is the greedy folk that buy it to hold it and see it purely as a money making vessel, hoarding, increasing volatility and reducing transactional value.
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:10:05
It's no less money than any other things we call money:
**a medium of exchange:** yes it's happening already.
**a unit of account:** Germany declared it a unit of account a week or 2 ago
**a store of value:** yes. you could argue that the volatility effects this, but even gold has volatility and that is widely accepted as a store of value. If you don't accept this, then you need to objectively define your definition of store of value in the context of an acceptable amount of volatility
**a standard of deferred payment:** doesn't matter as it's optional ("occasionally in the past")
@_date: 2013-12-18 08:31:36
You said:


The graph doesn't extend earlier to when the price was stable for a long time and prior to the amount of coin produced via mining halved. AKA, the graph is a convenient cooking of data to support the thesis.
I said earlier:


Because, as you said, there are other factors that affect the value of transactions, for example Satoshi Dice, the increased frequency of multi-sig transactions, increased number of services using transactions in a different way. Also, any graph is going to, by definition, be a simplification. Question is, is it a simlpification to the point where it's no longer representative or predictive. As I said below, given that the prediction drawn from this graph (BTC is speculative bubble, price will drop a lot sharply soon) is actually happening, it suggests this graph does have some meaning..
I've never once in this debate said that I think this chart on it's own has all the answers, or even that it's incredibly useful. Is what I'm saying is it's not totally meaningless:
You said:


Whether you think it has anything to do with graphs or not, I personally think you're either delusional or naive to think it's not a speculative bubble (although I think we're in the process of the ending of the speculative bubble.)
look at the price. Look at the chart. Look at what's happening. The massive price drop is because news has come through that suggests Bitcoin may not be as easy to use in some places in the future. As a result, the price is dropping. That suggests people were purchasing it on the assumption it would go up in value. Now the price has dropped 45% in 3 days and is heading down further.
To me, it's showing the symptoms of a speculative bubble ending. As I said, I agree it's wrong to evaluate on a simple variable, and there is a chance this could just be inferring causation from correlation. However, that chance is small, given that people can present a logical method for the relationship (unlike comparing pirates to global warming.) 


No they don't. You're inferring that. The OP actually infers something totally different, and explains his inference based on his subjective value of Bitcoin as I said earlier. 


You've already explained yourself why that is just as valid/invalid as 


Also, although I don't think  is the most useful graph, it has some meaning, exactly like the graph posted in OP. That's all I'm saying. Your assertion that  graph is the be all and end all holds equal weight and validity as graphs in OP. Although, one could probably argue the idea that Bitcoin is in a speculative bubble isn't clearly represented in the chart you list, to the extent that, from looking at your chart, it would be hard to predict that there was a sharp drop in price imminent.
You also say:


I don't know what you mean there, I think you've misused or mistyped the word "obscures." But from what I can understand, I'd ask if you even bothered reading the original posts. As I've said, as original post has said, more people hoarding it and playing on the exchanges is one reason why he thinks it's a speculative bubble.


Nobody mentioned race at all. Why are you so angry about all this? You're coming across, at least to me, as the stereotypical starry-eyed naive "too the moon" "pitchfork the naysayers" Bitcoin evangelist. I support Bitcoin, but in my eyes, the way you support something is by critically analysing it and discussing/debating pros and cons in a logical calm manner, not by swearing and shouting down those that you disagree with. 
I'm not going to give you the courtesy of a response if you don't give me the courtesy of not being so aggressive in your response.
@_date: 2013-11-28 17:01:43
But which framework says I have to abide by that contract? What happens if I don't? Nothing, unless there's a parent jurisdiction to take action.
@_date: 2013-12-16 17:09:27
Go for it - as you said, something like this is needed. 
The more transparent you can be about it, the better though. At the moment , you're pretty ambiguous (as in, if you were to run with my money, I would have no name against which to take legal action....)
Hopefully this will change over time.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:57:46
past day also Baidu has stopped accepting Bitcoin, and one of the big Swedish banks has said it wont allow Bitcoin businesses to open accounts with them.
Price seems to be going down.
I don't think it's a negative PR campaign. It seems similar to 2011. Everyone got over excited and forgot there are rules and regulations. Now we're seeing them remember that again.
Fast widespread adoption brings it's own issues.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:37:15


In my defence, I just said "spitting out your dummy" - the use of "pissed" was purely to match your tone.


I see your point, I do appreciate that. However, in my eye's you're effectively saying "I'm not going to pay you, but I'm going to continue to use your service, because I disagree with you." If you want to really vote with your feet, stop using the service. (You may already be and not have mentioned, so admirable if so!) 


It's not them doing that. They've said they're not accepting it. It's Bitpay that is offering the service to allow people to donate via Bitcoin. Wikipedia have made their choice, and we should respect that.
Otherwise we're effectively saying "if you don't use Bitcoin, I wont pay you when you provide me a service" which isn't really the sort of message I'd like to be involved with supporting. I suppose it's slightly different because it's donations, but still similar.
As I said in my first post, lets be the bigger people and not be unfair just because someone disagrees with us, or we don't get our way - that's what children do.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:13:20
Any success with this? I just transferred 1.5btc from BTC-e over to Bitstamp. They say it needs 3 confirmations, it has 5 confirmations now and it's not showed up in my Bitstamp account. 
Time is money, and at the rate the price is moving, time is pretty costly at the moment.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:59:53
You can purchase Bitcoins electronically through localbitcoins (e.g. pay and send and receive via electronic bank transfer without having to meet up physically) but it's not as safe, you're right.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:22:45
Sorry, has your BTC deposit been credited now? How long did it take?
Yeah, I think it's crap. I don't use Twitter, but I'm considering setting up an account just to harass them.
I suppose one argument is that time spent responding and talking about the issue to customers is time they could be spending fixing it. Although they should really have someone who's job it is to keep customers informed. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 09:52:33
Yup, it could end up being be the past few years all over again, but in China: massive queues for verifications, small exchanges closed for not following rules, bank accounts closed, funds frozen etc.
Hopefully they can learn from our mistakes though.
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:20:14
Fair play, I'd subscribe to those laws.
@_date: 2013-12-03 09:11:56


That's the point I'm getting at. He can write these things, but it only applies in the jurisdiction he's in. Given he's not specified a jurisdiction, there's no way of knowing if it has any value because the jurisdiction gives legal contracts and such their weight and value (for example, his jurisdiction may say 'to start a company, you have to do x, y and z.' In this instance, no amount of contracts and arbitrators will make what he does a company unless he does x, y and z.) 
Without a jurisdiction, there is nobody to say anything is legally valid or to enforce anything, or say any enforcement of anything is valid. Even with arbitration, some jurisdictions will not let arbitration just make anything they want legal (so he couldn't go to an arbitrator and get the arbitrator to agree that his company is a legal company because he still has to play by the laws of the jurisdiction he's in, he still needs to do x,y and z.) 
So he needs a jurisdiction. He's already under the jurisdiction of where he lives (lets say the US) and the way he's doing what he's trying to do (e.g. incorporate a company) is not the way it's done in the US.
If he wants it to be valid, legally, in such a way that is actually meaningful, and legally enforceable in a physical location on the planet, he has to play by the rules of the jurisdiction he's in. 
To be able to get round that and just be able to make up his own laws and ways of doing things in a way that the country where he lives can't just turn round and say "what you're doing is illegal here" he needs his own jurisdiction that is recognised as a separate legal jurisdiction (at least by the country/jurisdiction where his territory is located.) So yes, basically, he'd need a country.
The point of the example was that you can't just make up a contract with ridiculous things that involve breaking the laws of where you live, run it by and arbitrator and then it's all magically legal. There are very few places (if any) where someone can just make up their own rules and laws which is what this guy is trying to do by saying "what I've just done in satisfactory to be recognised as a company."
@_date: 2013-12-09 08:34:24
Gold has several thousand years of cultural appreciation on Bitcoin.
It has far better accessibility than Bitcoin (look at the kids on the street in india recovering gold particles from drains - can't be done with Bitcoin)
Survey the worlds population and give them a choice of investing in something real, physical and shiny that they can keep in their pockets, or a private key file. I think 75%+ would say Gold.
You can ask a gold investor "why does gold have value" and IMO, one of the strongest points they can say back is "gold has been valued by everyone round the world for thousands of years." For that to go to 0, there's going to have to be a huge cultural change the world over.
Ask countries what they use as store of value? You could argue some countries accidentally hold confiscated Bitcoins. But if we're talking about "what do countries go out and buy to store their value": Gold (or some financial services.)
Gold is more reliable. I can think of at least 3 things that, if they failed, would mean that Bitcoin has little or no value (the internet, electricity, some encryption standards.)
Bitcoin is a lot less rare than Gold: there's estimated to be around 171,000 tonnes of gold in circulation = 171,300,000,000 grams. There will be 2,099,999,997,690,000 Satoshi's in circulation. Even in the Bitcoin wiki FAQ alludes to the possibility of further subdivision ("The Bitcoin protocol uses a base unit of one hundred-millionth of a Bitcoin ("a Satoshi"), but unused bits are available in the protocol fields that could be used to denote even smaller subdivisions.") 
Bitcoin doesn't the history of Gold, it doesn't have the cultural backing, it's not world renowned, it relies on other things, it's a lot more complex to understand, it's a lot less accessible and a lot less scarce. Compared to the most well renowned, but still not perfect, store of value (gold) Bitcoin is not a good store of value and using it as one only weakens is value as a currency IMO.
edit: I tried to avoid mentioning industrial use, but I had to pick you up on this one: "Gold was $2xx an ounce a little over a decade ago - since then it has not become any more useful industrially." In a 2010 study, there was 30x more gold per ton of mobiles phones than there was per ton of gold ore. Gold is a crucial part in a lot of electronics. To say industrial utilization hasn't gone up is just flat out wrong. Although it probably hasn't gone up as much as the price of gold.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:50:41
It's sad to see this. I'd encourage you to try localbitcoin: what have you got to lose? (This is a genuine question, have you reason to believe that localbitcoin may not be safe for you in particular?)
How did you prove your addres to setup your bank account, or don't you have a bank account? 
edit: have you tried btc-e?
@_date: 2013-12-09 09:03:30


I suppose it's good that the option is provided, I just don't think it fits with the mentality of Bitcoin, but that's the mentality I assign, and everyone is different etc.


I was going to mention this in my last post, but you'll need to be registered with SEC or FCA or whoever handles investments in your jurisdiction - you'd have to pretty clearly be able to show everything - as someone else pointed out, this is definitely ponzi/pyramid territory.
Also, personally, I wouldn't invest in this because of the numbers. You're asking for 300,000 Bitcoins on the assumption that can keep the market steady, yet 2.5million BTC is in just 100 wallets. 


Personally (again this is my own hangups, everyone differs) it would need to be fully decentralised. Effectively this system allows the everyman to endorse and support large scale market manipulation - this goes against what a lot of people sign up to Bitcoin for IMO.


Day traders love volatility.  All those people on the speculation boards and all those people that make a living off trading or spend their life watching the Bitcoin price love the volatility. For a day trader, volatility = profit. For them, it would be irrational to go onto a controlled market. An I suspect they handle a lot of the daily exchange volume.
As I said, in itself, it's not a bad idea. I think Bitcoin volatility is a bit of an issue. But this is just dealing with the symptom which is volatility, rather than the cause. Sad truth is a lot of people are in Bitcoin just to make money, and volatility helps with that. So whilst I'm not against reducing volatility as a whole, I don't think it lines up with the ideals of Bitcoin (but all this is just my subjective view on it, there maybe a market for it, you never know!)
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:43:09
bitcoincharts can give you CSVs:
@_date: 2013-11-15 12:08:27
I don't think we should be looking to April for comparison. Instead, look back to 2011.
In 2011, the mainstream west first discovered Bitcoin (through the SR Wired article.)
Same is now happening again but with the east.
@_date: 2013-12-05 09:50:58
What, so I swipe my card *here* and the moneys comes out of *here* O_o
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:46:21
. "If you look through history bubbles result in massive mis-allocation of resources to unprofitable and overvalued assets and enterprises. I don't believe Bitcoin falls into this category, this is not to say it wont at some point, but for now I don't believe it has."
Bubbles can only be seen retroactively. OP was talking about people who think buying Bitcoin now is a good idea. If this is a Bubble, people that buy now would have allocated resources to (for them) and unprofitable and (at the time) overvalued asset.
. "Importantly when bubbles burst the fallout either last indefinitely (think tulips) or prices are corrected to such an extent that prices never (in real terms) achieve their previous bubble levels. I clearly hasn't happened to Bitcoin since it's inception."
Past != Present != Future. Just because it hasn't happened in the past, doesn't mean it's not happening now or going to happen in the future. I'm sure those people riding up to the various bubbles in history all also said "well it's setting new ATH all the time so it can't be a bubble"
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:11:04
Yeah, out of the frying pan into the fire.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:50:24
Ha, seems like answering is the name of the game judging by the numerous responses:D
But ultimately, the companies that have contracts together are still under the rule of the jurisdiction they're physically based in though to some extent? As a result, is what they can contractually agree between themselves still restricted to the laws of the country they do business in?
E.g. the Sprint and T-Mobile shops in the US couldn't just write up a contract between the 2 of them that says "every Monday, we each nominate 1 member of staff to take part in a hunger games-esque fight to the death in one of the stores" because they're physically based in the US, and fighting to the death is generally illegal over there (I assume it's illegal over there anyway, I've never been.)
Or are the perfectly legally entitled to write up the contract, it's at the point where a murder effectively occurs that the whole thing becomes illegal?
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:52:25
Source: 
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:52:42
I explain to people: "It's not complicated, it's just different."
Issue is, initially at least, when people tried to explain Bitcoin, it was a bunch of computer geeks that get all excited and explain the technology. This confuses people.
Furthermore, the usage is very very different to existing payment systems, so new folk try and relate and compare it to that. If you do that, then it becomes complicated.
Regarding the tech behind Bitcoin, the average Joe doesn't need to understand it, same way the average Joe doesn't need to know how a cheque clears, or a SEPA transfer works.
@_date: 2013-12-09 09:28:15
The point I'm making is that the value of something is heavily influenced by society, history, culture and practicalities (e.g. scarceness, accessbility, independence.) Gold will always have those advantages over Bitcoin. It is hoarded because it has those advantages. I wouldn't be surprised if Gold was always a better store of value than Bitcoin, even in the future. Most of the points I listed as to why gold is better (as a store of value) will not change over time in favour of Bitcoin (apart from maybe the historical part.)
Industrial use is still a usage that has increased. There's also the speculative value of that too (e.g. a large amount of people are aware it's usage in electronics has gone up, and the usage of electronics has gone up so assume this will push the price up.)
Finally, a quick Google suggests 78% of gold is used in jewellery. 78% of the desire of gold is for jewellery. That suggests the main reason people want Gold is for jewellery (again, it's practical social constructed prettiness) something Bitcoin can never really do, yet another reason why it is less desirable (as a store of value) than gold.
These are all reasons why bitcoin is not the best store of value. The features of Bitcoin actually make it a far better transactional volume than gold, so that's what we should try and get the most out of. However, hoarding reduces it's value as a transactional unit for the reasons described in my previous posts. So whilst "hoarding will never make it go to 0" maybe true with gold, gold has features that add value to gold as a store of value, unlike Bitcoin, the features of which add value to Bitcoin as a unit of transaction.
@_date: 2013-12-28 17:00:20
Source: IEEE Spectrum special report on "The Future of Money"
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:36:04
response  it's potentially a temporary side effect associated with a currency finding it's value. 
response  as volume increases and market cap grows, more volume will be needed to shift price, resulting in lower volatility with adoption.
response  services like bitpay and other processor will remove that risk by paying merchants directly in fiat at real-time exchange rate, as well as PoS terminals linked to real-time rates.
response  all currencies have volatility, an "acceptable amount" of volatility is purely subjective. Even in incredibly volatile times such as the past few years with Bitcoin, people still use it successfully as a currency with minimal losses due to volatility. It's not just idiot nobodies doing this for tiny purchases: Richard Branson and his trips to space.


You need to make the distinction between volatility and direction. Something can increase rapidly in value but do it with a low volatility.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:15:48
I agree coinvalidation is a bad idea. I'm not supporting it or saying it's a good idea. But  if you disagree with and idea, dishing up dirt on the person who carries out the idea isn't the way to disagree with it. A better way is to refute the central point of what's being said. Attacking credentials is one of the lower forms of disagree, on a level with name calling. 
"we all deserve a degree of distance from the mistakes we've made in our life"
"I do not think this is unethical to point out the moral/ethical failings of a man who is trying to build a system to punish others with those same moral/ethical failings."
If we agree people deserve not to be judged on their past failings, then we should be able to agree that what this guy has done in the past has no relevance to his involvement with coinvalidation. 
Coinvalidation has big and bad implications regardless of who does it, so what difference does it make who does it? It's still a bad idea, so refute that instead.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:42:39
No worries, I too should have really prefaced my stuff with "I think" also. My words are just as speculative as yours.
I don't think anybody really fully knows why the market does what it does, it's one of the quirks of a totally free market, I imagine.
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:37:23
Good. Not sure if you spotted it, but linked to from the page I linked is a collection of all markets CSV files:
@_date: 2013-12-10 16:54:46


I understand why people are pissed. Is what I'm saying is take a minute, sit down, and think of a productive way forward. Getting pissed and spitting out your dummy may do worse than achieve nothing


Why should they have to accept Bitcoin directly? IMO, Bitcoin gives people choice and flexibility. Saying "you have to pay with Bitcoin no other services" is just as bad as the banks saying "you have to pay through us no other services." There's no one size its all payment method, everyone has their own needs which Bitcoin in combination with other services may help them achieve.


Far less effort than them fully understanding Bitcoin, implementing it all themselves, maintaining wallets, maintaining an awareness of the current Bitcoin price. It also gives them the protection against volatility. It saves them any paperwork or legal/accounting hassle too.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:52:35
What you're talking about it arbitration, even that is a legal concept and is worthless without some kind of written legal framework for it to be employed within. Also, in most jurisdictions, arbitration still has to abide by the law of that jurisdiction (e.g. they can't hand out the death penalty in the UK.)
@_date: 2013-11-27 11:03:08
To improve your argument, I personally think you either need to qualify clearly what is your opinion, or present some evidence for what you’re suggesting as fact.
And finally, you missed what is, in my opinion, the biggest attributer of value to Bitcoin: various socio-human factors. (Although you did hint in places.) Cryptocurrencies are a socio-technical construct. The social, human and temporal aspects of Bitcoin are why it is so successful compared to alts IMO. For example: the legend of Satoshi. One of the biggest questions around nearly all altcoins is "who created it, what's their credentials." 
Consider, for example, that it turned out that Satoshi was actually the FBI - I suspect in that situation, the price of Bitcoin would drop (even if it's just temporary.) Or even if it turned out that Paris Hilton made it and is still holding 2million BTC. If anyone identified Satoshi, I wouldn't be surprised to see a dip in price. I think there's value to the "mythical Satoshi who sacrificed chances for fame and riches to make the world a better place." It's almost like a religion. Imagine what effect it would have on world religions if it turned out Jesus' crucifixion wasn't intentional, and in fact it was a legal punishment because he'd got drunk and raped an animal? The value of Christianity at least would plummet (I’m not religious and I don’t intend to offend with that analogy – apologies if it does.)
On the temporal front: the timing of the release of Bitcoin came just around the time of an after the global financial crisis. A lot of people started following Bitcoin because of their political ideals and lack of faith in central authorities (evident in the handful of bitcoin surveys that have been done.) I believe Bitcoin rode a wave of anti-authoritarianism and anti-centralisation fuelled by the massive cock up at the banks. 
I think the fact that Bitcoin came first is also a big factor. If Bitcoin hadn't come around, and the Litecoin guys had just invented Litecoin on it's own shortly after, then followed by Bitcoin, I suspect you would most likely be arguing against Bitcoin as a "speculative experiment at the margin." (But if that had happened, there wouldn’t be the myth of Satoshi, so adoption would still be minimal IMO.)
I think it’s risky to place value purely on the technology. For example, did you know around the time of the Web being invented, there were other hypertext systems? Some of these systems were actually far more advanced than the Web. For example “Microcosm” didn’t have the concept of a 404 – it actually had unbreakable (through self updating) links. “HyperG” another system offered extrinsic links so anyone could put a link on a page (‘needed for critical discussion.’) Ted Nelsons Xanadu had a system built in to handle automatic royalty payments on a byte level. Despite being arguably, technologically and quantitatively weaker and of less value, the Web succeeded.
So these are just my opinions of your original letter. To confirm, I agree with most of what you’re saying, but I think your focus was too much on a quantitative argument in a not very quantitative or substantiated way.  I’ve pointed out place where you could put more evidence, or clarify what is opinion, and added a few of my own opinions regarding the more qualitative values behind cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:04:34
"Yeah, I mean I'd want to get into Bitcoin, but I can't justify spending $1000 and getting just a piece of metal - maybe if I could buy half of one, then I would."
@_date: 2013-12-02 11:38:37
Not always true. Different jurisdictions handle stuff differently. Public policy exception for example is handled differently. In some jurisdictions, public policy exception can render arbitration unenforceable leaving any actions carried out by the agency illegal. Ties in with that Latin phrase relating to the location of the crime and jurisdiction (as I said, this is not my forte)
To take it back to your original argument:


It maybe stateless, but you can't universally say it will be enforceable.  Some jurisdictions have and will say that depending on the contents and other factors in the contract, that the agency has no power. 
So we could write a contract and both sign it that says "if you Heather don't go and murder and eat that person over there, you have to itsjustthatguyagain $1million and settling of dispute and enforcement will be handled by Big Pete and his boys"
Because you didn't kill and eat that man, it would go to Big Pete, Big Pete would in fact decide you didn't eat that man so Big Pete sends round his boys to your house to start taking your possessions to the value of $1million.
There are jurisdictions out there where you can go to the local authority (of the "parent jurisdiction") and explain the situation, they will say, what is going down is illegal and practically prevent it happening.
So it will be stateless, but not legal if the person lives in a certain jurisdiction. It will also be unenforceable in certain jurisdictions. Therefore the enforceability or legality of it depends on what jurisdictions or state you are in. So it maybe stateless, but it's not state-independent.
My original point was the OP can't just create he own company without a jurisdiction, because a jurisdiction decides what a company actually is. Even if it was possible, it's still at the mercy of the laws of the jurisdiction he's located in. Even if he then tries to get round that jurisdiction he lives in by arbitration, the enforceability and legality of the arbitration is still at the mercy of the jurisdiction he lives in. Even if the jurisdiction he lives in is fine with it and the arbitration, not all jurisdictions will be. Your original point is subject to all these "even if's" and ends that is the conclusion that your statement isn't universally true. 
Bottom line is, he still needs to either create his own jurisdiction and get his resident jurisdiction to recognize it as a separate legal entity over which his resident jurisdiction has no power (which requires far more than a message in the blockchain) or pick an existing jurisdiction and work within that (and even that is subject to his resident jurisdiction being okay with that)
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:09:36


Yes, because in the context of Bitcoin, the biggest circle jerk is the one about Bitcoin being a plot to destroy the middle class, *definitely* not those touting "To0 dA M0on!!11ONe"
@_date: 2013-11-15 10:54:26
I agree with you it's hypocritical, I agree with you this man probably isn't a very ethical or moral man. But my point is, non of that matters. You're attacking background and credentials. Doesn't matter what they are, it's weak, it's missing the central point of what he's saying. Coinvalidation has big implications and some really big potential negative impacts. Why not focus on them? 
Also, you said it yourself, we all fuck up, we're all hypocrites, and your issue with this guy seems to be he's a hypocrite? But so are you and so am I - how or why should that invalidate what we want to do?
And as someone else said, if you wanted to do something (for whatever reason) how would you feel if people totally disregarded what you had to say because of something you'd done in the past which they disagreed with?
It's not cool. It makes the Bitcoin community out to be a bunch of thuggish vigilantes who play by nobodies rules but their own, and anyone that disagree's is going to get doxed. It's just intimidation.
IMO, this is the online equivalent of punching below the belt. Yes you can do it, yes it might work, but in the long run, it's going to make you, and the bitcoin community by association, look weaker and less ethical.
@_date: 2013-12-11 09:02:46
That's cool. So what do you plan on buying with your BTC? Or are you just going to be like the other people that recently saw the price of BTC going up in the news and wanted to make a quick buck?
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:20:44
I've not used localbitcoins, but it has escrow. As a buyer, if you use escrow correctly, you should be more than safe enough. I don't think that requires any verification.
@_date: 2013-12-16 16:55:49
A speculative bubble is : "trade in high volumes at prices that are considerably at variance with intrinsic values"
He's assuming the value of Bitcoin is as a platform for transacting. Based on that, he's assuming the the price of a Bitcoin should be directly related to the amount of transacting going on.
His graph shows that the price is going up considerably quicker than what he's classing as value (e.g. directly related to transactions) so to him at least, and everyone else who things the value of bitcoin is in it's ability to transact, it's a speculative bubble.
He explained his logic, what's the specific fault you see in it that renders it meaningless?
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:15:02
I'd be intrigued to find out where else you'd get the distributed part of the DDoS from.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:20:37
The price difference has very little to do with the volume or speed of trades. It's pretty much 100% down to fiat withdrawals.
Gox is higher because if you sell your BTC on Gox, you have to account for the fact you may not be able to withdraw your $ or may take a while.
This is why the price on Bitstamp is catching up with Gox, because fiat in and out of Bitstamp is failing under pressure.
This is why BTC-e is lower though, because all their fiat ins and outs are fine and they don't have any delays with identification. 
If exchanges were instant and perfect, you wouldn't be able to buy low in one and sell high in the other because the delays are half outside the exchange (e.g. a SEPA transfer between an exchange is going to still take 1 or 2 days.)
@_date: 2013-12-28 17:01:52
Interesting how difficulty changes seem to peak about 1 month before the price tends to peak.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:21:28
No, but I have now (in case you can't tell, I'm not a lawyer.) You're probably right on all of this stuff, but can I continue questioning you to learn more about this?
So polycentric law is the overlapping or competition of legal systems over a jurisdiction (from wiki.) But for that to happen harmoniously, surely there has to be acceptance from the jurisdictions involved, so the US (for example) would have to acknowledge the the other jurisdiction? 
Alternative is either no harmony (e.g. US just arrest him as soon as he does something that only a properly registered business in the US could do) or ignorance (e.g. they're blissfully unaware, but should he try do anything that only a registered business could do and they notice, it wouldn't be legal under US law and they would just arrest him.)
@_date: 2013-11-27 11:02:34
Not that my opinion matters, but that post does come across as incredibly subjective and almost slightly elitist whilst still missing what I believe to be some of the key reasons why Bitcoin is more successful or a better investment. Also, it doesn't give any objective references or much evidence as to why Litecoin is comparatively worth less. Also, the points you make against Litecoin, you don't apply to Bitcoin. It could come across as "I know I'm right and I don't have to justify myself in an objective way to you" - if you want to come across that way, that's fine, but some of the pseudo-justification seems improper. If you want to help this guy learn (which as a Bitcoin investor, it's vital for the value of your investment) then you should have really explained yourself better IMO.
 So just to clarify, I understand you don't have an interest in Litecoin, and I agree, I believe Litecoin has considerably less value than Bitcoin IMO, but if someone takes the time to reach out and make a suggestion to you, you should take the time to respond. If you think that suggestion is poorly informed, you should take the time to inform it properly in an objective way, especially if you're going to post your response on an open forum in a "other people my want to use this approach" sort of fashion. I'll go through and point out specifically where I think you've let yourself down quite a bit. (FYI, you don't know me, I've read a lot of your stuff and generally have a huge amount of respect for what you say and how you say it, but I think what you just posted could be improved.)


What does that matter? Well there's a huge psychological thing there. You can say zero-conf works for everything, but you provide no references or proof of the security of it. To the Average Bitcoin user, zero-conf is not a good, accessible or recommended idea in general is it? (I maybe wrong, again, we’ll never know without refs.) Furthermore, you mention 2.5min is only 1/4th but you provide no references. All the things I've seen suggest there's a chance that a shorter block time maybe less secure but it's certainly not a dominant factor and certainly not as simple as saying "quarter time quarter safety." (see “Analysis of hashrate-based double-spending”)


You seem to suggest that because the few features you listed don't justify the $350million market cap, then Litecoin is invalid, but you give nothing to justify the Bitcoin $10billion market cap that would make it anymore valid of an option than LTC.


To me, that sounds like you're saying a point, telling someone to think a certain way, but not backing it up as to why they should think that way. Why should the person understand that huge advantage just because you say they should? A mass technological and societal utility, well why doesn't Litecoin have the same technological and societal utility, other than because you say it doesn't and you have your investments in Litecoin? I’m not saying those advantages aren’t there, but if they were clear and visible to the person that sent you the message, then I imagine they wouldn’t have invested in LTC in the first place, and wouldn’t be e-mailing you.


That whole sentence is an incredibly patronising and insulting, equivalent to "awww look at you little litecoiners with your little made up monies." IMO, it harms the credibility of your argument. You don't say why it doesn't mean anything, and you've not acknowledged that you've tried to find any meaning in it. E.g. Gold and Silver are both precious metals. One is less precious than the other (in value) but they still both are widely traded. Why is that not a possibility with Litecoin and Bitcoin? You do briefly mention Bitcoins sub-divisibility means it doesn't need a silver, but you don't back it up with any evidence or references to support your belief that the only reason people trade silver is because it's of a lesser value or more sub-divisible.
You also say " In other words, the mBTC is the silver to BTC's gold." Unless you present evidence or reason to your belief that the only reason people trade silver is because it's more divisible, then this is also invalid. Also, if you accept "mBTC is the silver to BTC's gold" logic, then why have silver in the first place, why not just sell gold in milligrams? 


If a customer has e-mailed you and asked you to take an interest in Litecoin, then IMO, that's an added utility: customer satisfaction. Obviously, this is purely subjective, I believe a company should operate first and foremost for it's customers, not it's CEO or shareholders. If a customer wants something, it's in the interest of the company to provide that. Obviously this is my opinion, but it may illustrate why the person contacting you originally believed it might be worth contacting you (under the impression that you as a company want to help him.)


So you accept the aspect of Bitcoin that you value is the assessment against the competition of fiat. Again, all the altcoins are also in competition with fiat, and are for the most part, technologically very similar to Bitcoin. For example, value taken from Bitcoin because of its advantage over the competition of fiat can stem from a number of things, including its decentralised, pseudoanonymous, and lets anyone mine it (accessible.) Litecoin has all these features, so why such a considerably lower value?


Following on from above, if one of the values of Bitcoin is the accessibility of it, then the fact that litecoin uses scrypt and scrypt miners are competing against ASIC yet, it could be argued Litecoin is more accessible than Bitcoin. Furthermore, the price of Bitcoin could logically be assumed to always be at least more than 4 times that of Litecoin (supply/demand, 4x more coins.) I suspect most people here have met someone confused under the impression that you can only buy whole Bitcoins (I’ve met several and I’m not that social!) To the massive amount of the population that have that belief (however misinformed they maybe, wouldn’t be surprised to hear their in the majority) Litecoin is far more accessible. There’s also the psychological aspect of spending $250 on one coin is far more palatable for the average Joe than spending $1000 on one coin. 
Also, you don't say why speculating in Bitcoin is not an example of greater fool theory compared to altcoins. The definition of greater fool theory implies knowledge and intent to keep driving price over intrinsic value for personal gain – You may struggle to prove either of those because the majority of neither group of investors are going to admit openly they’re buying and selling way above intrinsic value for their own selfish purposes. 
Also, I’m not sure all the new users and big money that’s just come in are trading Bitcoin because they believe more in a decentralised pseudoanonymous currency than they do fiat or because they want to spend their cryptocurrency. I can’t back this up but I suspect a survey would should most new Bitcoin (or Litecoin) owners have them not to spend, but because they assume someone will buy them back at a higher price later – greater fools theory in action.
Hit the limit, conclusion to come.....
edit: realised this is a total formatting failure. Will try to correct.....
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:34:02
Ahh, I've been following since 2011. A few tips: Don't give up now, but lower your expectations. Assume that you will be delayed by at least an hour on any transaction, especially in bubble times. 
Also, learn not to get too pissed off when a Bitcoin related service performs less than adequately. You'll come to learn that a lot of Bitcoin services perform very badly because most of them are relatively new and in some cases run by people that don't have much experience with successful websites.
@_date: 2013-12-10 12:10:10
Or, OR, we could be the bigger people here, and donate to Wikipedia via Bitpay. 
Just because a company doesn't accept your money (like I suspect 75% of the world doesn't accept Bitcoin) does that mean you should spit your dummy out and refuse to give them anything?
If anything, people should be more inclined to pay to Bitpay. The best way to get Wikipedia to take Bitcoin seriously is to show them how much people would actually donate if they provide the option.
If nobody pays Bitpay, leading to no money going to Wikipedia, that is just going to further their belief that Bitcoin isn't worth it or isn't real.
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:42:44
I don't think Bitcoin will ever go to 0, but hoarding it could eventually get it dam near.
Bitcoin is a transactional system. It's value is in being transacted. The purpose of it is to be transacted. There's no such thing as a Bitcoin, just a trail of transactions. If everyone buys and holds, vendors stop accepting it because nobodies spending it.
Then we get to the situations where it can't be used as currency (because nobodies trying to spend it so nobody bothers accepting it) and then everyone is just holding some private key files. 
Then at some point, these people want to sell their Bitcoins but then all they are selling is some useless private key files because it's not like it can be used as a currency, making it no different from some random word document full of crap. One guy just manages to sell his, everyone looks around and realises they're just holding onto useless private key files that have no value as a currency and they all try sell - the pyramid collapses.
This is what happened in 2011. Everyone bought and held this magical new currency and then realised that actually they couldn't spend it that easy (confirmed by exchanges failures and such) so panic sold. The wouldn't have happened if people had only purchased them to transact rather than holding them.
This repeating bubble bust is a lot more likely and justifiable if people just hoard.. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:11:46
Avast doesn't like you.
@_date: 2013-12-16 13:51:00
I find a lot of people are more interested in the price and "how much money everyone has made off it" than how it actually works, or what it's benefits are. Quite sad.
Either way, I tend to explain it around the idea that "at the moment, if you want to buy things online, you have to send it to the bank, or a 3rd party to do it, and they send it to someone else as you requested. For that, they charge you. E.g. PayPal do this service for you, and they can charge 20p + up to 5% which on a £2 transaction works out quite a lot. All these services do is just run some software on their big computers. Bitcoin basically lets everyone work together to perform that banks functions by running a little bit of software on their own computers, which working together, perform the function of the banks big computers. This makes it free from a lot of perils associated with banks (them taking your money, them charging you for holding your money, them saying they'll hold your money but them actually investing it for profit, and charging you to let them make a profit etc.)"
If they're not techie, they probably don't care about the tech, so there's no point explaining the tech. Instead, I try and explain it in the context of what everyone else already understands (at least loosely)