@_author: itsmyaccountatwork
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:32:26
I honestly wouldn't recommend that seniors or the internet non-savvy invest in BTC. If they do, do it through traditional vehicles (ETFs), once they get up and running. At present, I think there is a minimum understanding required in order to practice safe crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:55:25
Are they paying you the BTC equivalent of your salary or just a negotiated amount of BTC?
If it is a flat amount of BTC, you've effectively put yourself out of a job. If BTC drops down to $400-$500 levels for a few weeks (maybe some major FUD news), you will be working for free. If it goes up to 20k they will claim they can no longer afford you and lay you off.
@_date: 2017-11-23 00:18:15
It is the most decentralized both in terms of node location and hashing power.
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:59:11
Yes, but even in those situations no one has 'lost money' because the buyers at a lower price are happy about the price they are buying. The person who is still holding their gold has maybe lost some market value of that gold, but no one has lost money.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:25:03
Alice and Bob both have a brick of gold that are of equal weight and they both paid 5 dollars for. Alice decides that she wants to have cash instead of her gold brick (no hodl!) so she finds a buyer, Chad, that is happy to pay her $10 for that brick of gold.
After this transaction, Alice has $10, which is $5 more than when she started, Bob has a brick of gold that has a market value of $10, which is $5 more than when he started and Chad has a brick of gold worth $10.
No one has 'lost money'. Every party has gotten what they want. The only change was the additional $10 worth of demand for the gold bricks.
So for every dollar that you make of BTC, no one has lost a dollar, they are simply willing to pay more for it than previously.
@_date: 2017-11-23 00:11:48
Enlighten me.
@_date: 2017-11-14 04:34:22
Likely all of these will be set up on Litecoin first. But they should come to Bitcoin shortly after.
@_date: 2017-11-22 22:54:40
This is bang on. BTC is slightly deflationary and with everyone and their mother piling in because of the price increase, it just keeps going and going. Without a true "use" however, it relies on that demand to sustain the growth. If it was accepted more widely (which is happening slowly) then there wouldn't be as much concern about it.
You can counter what I'm saying by stating that BTC was designed to be a 'store of value' and so its value comes from it being a safe way to store money. It has many analogous properties to gold but stability isn't one of them. People buy gold because they are concerned about market disruptions and volatility which are the defining characteristics of BTC right now. If I want to buy something and not think about it for 15 years, then then can I trust an asset that can change +/- 10% in 24 hours? Not likely.
There is a massive need for BTC adoption so that its growth can be sustained in the long run.
@_date: 2017-11-17 04:35:21
Let's say, hypothetically...I had made a BTC send from wallet to wallet this evening without realizing that the nodes had started running BTC. The deposit has been confirmed on the Blockchain, but is there a way I can confirm that it hasn't been double spent elsewhere via relay attack?
@_date: 2017-11-23 00:01:48
Me too. But I think it is you who isn't understanding.
If I want to put $100,000.00 in an asset that has no chance of shrinking in value for 20 years, I have a variety of options including government bonds and gold. This is what real investors are looking for in a 'store of value' something that has a high certainty of maintaining its value for long periods of time. An accomplished investor sees this as a hedge against 'market events' that lower the value of more volatile assets (9/11, a global war, a massive market correction). If any of those happen, you can be absolutely certain that your gold or bonds have not decreased in value. That is what a 'store of value means'. Don't confuse anything that has value for a store of value or your definition will include everything (i.e. I buy a coffee mug for $2 and it is suddenly a 'store of value' worth $2).
Currently, BTC doesn't meet an educated investors definition of a 'store of value' because of its volatility. I'm not willing to bet my life on BTC being worth more than $8,000.00 20 years from now. It may have been replaced by some other crypto or be regulated out of existence. I would make that bet on a US treasury bond (there are other concerns about bonds that are outside this issue).
Right now, BTC is operating somewhere between being a completely unregulated security in a start-up and a currency. I believe it will mature and the gains will slow down and stabilize, allowing it to become more of a 'store of value' akin to gold. When that happens, I believe an alternative crypto (maybe bcash, maybe LTC) will become more usable as a everyday transaction currency.
Don't worry though, I'm just a guy on the internet who doesn't understand BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-22 23:27:20
I don't think it is possible for any currency to act both like a 'store of value' and a 'means of transaction'. Transaction rates are not steady (more of them occur during Christmas for example, or when there is a disruptive market event). This means that the price of BTC will have to reflect the demand for everyday use, while remaining stable. I think this is unlikely (or only likely in the very long term).
The current news about atomic swaps between LTC and BTC are very exciting for this reason. BTC can act as a stable store of value while LTC can fluctuate along with the demand for fungible currency/transactions. It seems to create a system that meets both goals.
@_date: 2017-10-05 20:20:05
The only way to make sure you are tax compliant is to talk with a qualified accountant or lawyer in your jurisdiction. The law in this area is perpetually in flux, particularly when it comes to cryptocurrencies and their status.
There are two reasons to do this; the first is commonly understood but the second is always overlooked.
* Accountants and lawyers have more credibility someone who doesn't list their qualifications and has self published a book on how to "Reveal the True Nature of the Tax Code". 
* Accountants and lawyers **carry negligence insurance**, meaning that if they give you information that was not reasonably prudent, you can sue them for your losses.
The second point is especially important when it comes to cryptos. For example, if an accountant or lawyer tells you that "your gains on bitcoin are not subject to taxation" and then you are hit with a tax bill, you can take that bill to that professional and have them make an insurance claim against it. If you have significant holdings, it is worth a few hundred dollars to get an opinion from an expert because it provides you with insurance for the holdings and their future. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 21:17:22
Do you perform surgeries on yourself when you are sick? Do you create antibiotics and medications at home so that you can be sure they work? Did you build the home or office that you live and work in? If you don't, you're being pretty hypocritical.
The US tax code is roughly 75,000 pages of technical legal and accounting laws. If you think you can watch a DVD and know more than a person who interacts with that everyday then you are crazy, especially when you are dealing in a grey area like bitcoin.
The IRS is not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.