@_author: ityhe2
@_date: 2017-03-01 23:55:29
I mostly agree.
I agree that the digital-gold crowd can keep flogging in without segwit or a block size increase. I agree that an ETF would bring even more investors/speculators without issue.
However, while we agree that the digital gold use case is not hindered, I think we can afford a block increase without damaging the digital gold use case significantly.
I don't think it is a good idea to limit bitcoin's use cases to that of digital gold or that it's right to dictate that its use case shall be limited to that of digital gold.
If investors keep flogging in, but the crowd of people who like to use Bitcoin for actual purchases are prevented from growing, then I feel that creates an imbalance over time, where Bitcoin becomes too heavenly based on speculation. This is where it starts to look like a Ponzi scheme to me.
I realize that these second layer scaling solutions are in the pipeline. Proponents of bigger blocks are generally not writing off second layer scaling solutions. But they are too far off and we need something in the meantime.
I believe we can afford a block size increase in the meantime, to avoid bitcoin's use cases to go out of balance.
I believe this can be achieved without damaging the digital gold use case. So why prevent it's use as a payment network when we can have both as we have had up until now?
That's not saying Bitcoin should scale infinitely on chain. But second layer solutions are too far off and bitcoin is already being restricted to only function as digital gold.
No wonder there is a crowd that feels Bitcoin can no longer serve their needs. Especially since there is a belief that restricting bitcoin to only one of two use cases is unnecessary in the short term. That's why that crowd decides to be so vocal.
There may be a need for a block size limit, but 1 MB is not it. That is arbitrary and too small. It is too small because the second layer solutions are so far off, blood is already in the streets and the network can afford a larger blocksize.
Personally, I want a block size increase now. I also want segwit and second layer solutions just as much. But second layer solutions will take time (years). It's the current stagnation that's troubling to me.
