@_author: ityui
@_date: 2017-02-09 12:19:01
Time will tell.
My money is on a gradually growing amount of hash rate mining Unlimited (or some other blocksize increase alternative), until it successfully forks and sets a new block size on the network. Exchanges, almost all users, node operators and basically everyone outside the hardcore "Consensus is defined as agreeing with me" crowd will happily switch over. Bitcoin's price will start a renewed bull run because both the capacity for new users will be there and the market will see that hard forks really aren't the end of the world when necessary. You and lukeJR will either quietly stay a part of the network with your tail between your legs, or rage at how stupid everyone is as Bitcoin moves on and leaves you and your worthless 1MB capped network behind.
Alternatively, Core finally hits crisis mode as the reality of the situation hits them and they pull out a last minute "Ok we'll raise the blocksize" to avoid losing control.
What WON'T happen is that Core stays in control but does nothing about the blocksize and we all twiddle our thumbs as rising fees and transaction backlogs kills the usability of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-09 12:18:01
"They have started to gain some great minds?" Based on what? Their thoughts and media are policed by the world's most thin-skinned control freaks. China had no space program until it purchased a Soyuz from Russia. China had no high speed rail before it bought rolling stock from Japan and Germany. China had no advanced manufacturing until the rest of the world came in and set up factories. China still can't manufacture high performance jet engines despite decades of trying, and its scientists are still harping on about the genetic and cultural uniqueness of Chinese in a manner similar to what the Nazis were doing with their insane science and archaeology.
The country is awash in fakes of all kinds, which betrays a deep rot at the core of intellectual life in China. Innovation will never take hold, because innovators who are not politically connected are never protected, and end up getting ripped off by their so-called compatriots in China. Only the politically connected can safely innovate... and that pool is too shallow and too prone to simply ape the West since they're the only ones who can generally speak English and travel abroad to study. And what have they done to date? They've ripped off the world, blind. Baidu, Tencent, Xiaomi... all carbon copies of western tech and methods, living in a protected bubble of control. Name a single bloody thing that's a true Chinese innovation that the rest of the world has adopted in the last thousand years? Bet you can't. Oh yes, potstickers and special  But besides that...
Great minds don't emerge from within systems as sick as China, and it truly is sick, sick with crushing political control, sick with crushing debt, sick with a culture of shortcuts, fakes, copies, and half-assery to a degree most people would not believe even if they saw it with their own eyes. Take your "priceless" nonsense somewhere else. I lived in China 3 years and live in HK now. The number of "great minds" I've met who were Chinese I could count on one hand, and they all detested the Communist party cunts who are running the place into the ground. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 12:19:37
No way this is possible. Even if this is influx of Circle users it is no way possible. Circle didn't have millions of users! According to Google play, they had 500k-1m downloads. I am doubtful that every Circle user would migrate to Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-02-09 12:18:45
I'll try to explain: To give control back to the users.
The only thing BU changes is that it makes EB and AD configurable. Core uses a fixed infinite AD and a EB of 1mb defined in a macro.
If you think that changing these values is not good you can recommend users against changing the values, but fighting against users' ability to configure this has no place in a decentralized network. It is never a bad thing.
A decentralized network cannot function by withholding options from users. This is also why the solution to the debate is quite simple: Just add AD and EB as optional parameters to Core and let users figure it out. The devs need to stop thinking as guardians and start thinking for their users; that's decentralized networking 101.
    untested game theory change is absurd.
This makes no sense. The game theory of a decentralized network works with the assumption of rational selfish actors that choose a strategy of how their node behaves and how it advertises it behaves.
There is no game theoretical framework for decentralized networks based on the idea that actors should be prevented by their software from changing the behaviour of their nodes. That would no longer describe a decentralized network.
Actors either have an advantage in changing EB/AD or they don't. They can't have an advantage in not being able to change it.
@_date: 2017-02-09 12:18:13
Most people are here because they see the potential of Bitcoin as a future currency not centrally controlled by a government. A currency that regulates itself autonomously alongside miners and nodes. I think some feel the ability to launder money or transact sudoanonymously as irrelevant because there are so many other ways to do it that it doesn't matter one way or the other. Others see it as a positive in that they care about their privacy and one alt-coin even focuses on privacy. Privacy in general comes back to the "nothing to hide" argument and I don't feel we need to discuss both sides of that matter here. Just suffice it to say I feel most Bitcoiners care about their privacy.
Bitcoin, being decentralized and free comes with the cost or benefit of semi-privacy. I like the disruption and the idea but I feel eventually Bitcoin will be accepted as a currency rather than rejected so it will probably integrate with the current systems. I personally hope this leads to an eventual new view on money and how people treat it. 