@_author: iuliancirco
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:07:52
As you go about funding charities/ causes, please do your research. Fund numbers, not stories. Don't look for quick results. And believe me, this space needs more people like you. Respect.
[I wrote this piece for Vitalik, but here it is, just in case]( 
@_date: 2018-10-09 19:26:18
That was a great video. For a guy who epically failed to see the potential impact of the internet in 1995 you gotta admit he found his niche. 
Basically, that uncle you might have with a basement full of junk forever tinkering with several neverending projects? You should't take advice from him on what the future will look like.
@_date: 2018-10-08 13:10:46
I just looked it up. Epic! What is fascinating is how people like Stoll look at a given tech and fail to see its potential. They have absolutely all the possible tech insights and more exposure to a given tech than anyone else in their generation, yet they are so jaded by dealing with this tech every single day that they cannot see beyond its current state. They misjudge people's behaviour and their willingness to learn. They underestimate the compound effect of continuous optimization. They fail to predict how the whole infrastructure evolves etc. 
The smartest of them always embrace the very same fallacy again and again. Buffet calling Bitcoin (what was it?)  "Rat-poisoned squared". People whining about how expensive or un-scalable this or the other tech is. How grandma will never understand or risk using  private keys. How people like the feel of their money/ plastic in their hand. 
What is even more fascinating is that paragraph after paragraph this dude actually articulated exactly how things have ended up turning out:


And more:


And then he goes on and refutes that with arguments like this:




Obviously, things could have gone either way. But I actually think that those of us who have regular exposure to an emerging tech end up being the more pessimistic and there's a big lesson to learn there. I betcha the good Dr. Stoll, who was going online every day in those days needed to write code in a terminal to get the most basic things to work on this messy network. He was so sucked into that code and those other elements of friction that he simply couldn't see any simple mortal having to do that and failed to see why they'd even bother.  