@_author: ivantheok
@_date: 2012-08-22 12:55:17
Even to make a contract requires expertise, legal if not financial. The law is complicated and we need to trust someone to decipher its language and make sure we are protected by said contract. In the end, you've got to trust someone and if you lack the expertise, you're going to get screwed. What "no regulation" is proposing is an elite few who have the knowledge to manipulate society rather than the elite few who control capital and production. Very likely those will come to be the same people. 
@_date: 2012-07-20 16:39:34
I would take his stated goals with a grain of salt, but that does not mean he's not capable of moving the market. He's known to control lots of coins. He could easily be moving the market one way or the other. It seems clear that the walls are just a handful of people. Pirate could very likely be one of them. Or he could be all of them. 
Considering his other activities (i.e. Ponzi scheming) it seems likely he is at least one of them.
@_date: 2012-08-22 17:19:28
In this specific case, sure. You're right. Anyone with their state provided high school education can see this is a problem.
But this thread ballooned into another argument, one about regulation. To simply say "You should just be smarter" is to ignore the vast amount of trust you place in people every time you get in your car, turn on your lights, or eat food you bought from someone you don't know personally. Why would you trust Kraft with the things you put in your body? Because of regulation.
Is expecting 3300% APR stupid? Absolutely, we can agree on that. But the shades get progressively more gray the more you think about the world around you. "Smarter" cannot be the only answer. 
@_date: 2012-07-26 01:46:33
But doesn't pirate's scheme take in Bitcoins and pay out Bitcoins? Then the relative price of Bitcoins doesn't really matter, he's still got to come up with a way of paying out an obscene amount of returns in a market where the actual supply of coins is by definition limited. 
This isn't to say your general point is correct, but I still don't get how pirate manipulating market price makes his pyramid scheme and less fishy.
@_date: 2012-08-29 13:48:45
Any idea how you would prove the credential (bitcoin) was yours? What test would you need to pass to prove that you were the owner of that asset?
@_date: 2012-08-22 03:04:47
Do you know how to build a house? From the ground up? Wire it safely? How about a car? How about your blender or child's toys?
Some people know stuff about building houses, others know stuff about finance. We can't all be an expert in everything, we can't all be smart. To avoid a culture where people scam each other as a matter of course we have regulation so we can, you know, trust each other.
@_date: 2012-07-12 02:21:47
So I'm not trolling here, but genuinely curious: How does bitcoin undermine legacy banking? I get that it undermines (to a certain extent) traditional *reserve banking* (though reserve banks could just hold large amounts of bitcoins in reserve in order to manipulate fiscal policy), but banking is about lending and convenience. There's nothing in bitcoin that eliminates those things. Sure, I can transfer money directly and anonymously, but there are issues of trust there, especially when it's not a face to face transaction. And, for all practical purposes, people move money around anonymously all the time. 
I like bitcoin because I like that it removes capricious central governments and makes monetary policy standard and predictable, but to say it would kill legacy banking? That seems like overkill.
EDIT: Just a quick thought now that I'm rereading this, but I can see how bitcoins can be used as a (sort of) anonymous workaround for Mega sites. There's no physical goods that require a trust relationship to exist. You get the service, you pay. If either of you stops, the other can. But that's just one case, there's lots of reasons to continue to use banks still. Just bitcoin banks.
@_date: 2012-07-27 22:42:58
Once again, I fail to see how currency value affects this operation. If I give him 10 BTC, I need 10.7 back at the end of the week or about 377 BTC at the end of the year. He can buy more BTC to pay that, but the more he buys (and that amount will escalate the more returns he has to pay) the more the value goes up. Even if the amount doesn't increase his ability to pay would be severely impeded by the limitation of availability. Perhaps I'm not seeing your point, but unless he's planning on paying me in dollars, I still don't see how this works. Frankly, I don't see how it works even then, it just looks like a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2012-07-19 19:21:38
Out of curiosity, where did you get an Android tablet and Skyrim?
@_date: 2012-08-29 13:24:01
Yes, I get that. But imagine you're standing in front of a judge trying to explain this. This is truly like no other from of currency (which has a measurable, agreed upon amount in some recognized financial institution or in cash). Would you say "I had these on my computer and now they are gone?" How would you prove that they were yours?
I'm not trying to troll here, I'm wondering what the actual legal argument would be and if there's any existing case law that covers it.
@_date: 2012-09-17 22:07:49
The Koch Brothers got to be libertarian billionaires selling toilet paper...
What the fuck am I doing here?
@_date: 2012-08-29 00:04:46
It's true though. Any avid content downloader will point out to you that what they are doing is not theft, as theft deprives someone of the original. How can you steal a mathematical concept? That's more like patent law. I really can't think of any existing case law that covers something even close to bitcoins. Fraud involves legally recognized currencies.
@_date: 2012-08-22 13:16:12
What is the mechanism for enforcing these contracts? What do "private dispute resolution services" do to resolve disputes? None of this exists without the threat of the state. Do you propose we all hire armed men to enforce our contracts? Can you not see how this would lead to feudalism, those with the most guns make the contracts and those without simply take it? So yes, contracts cannot be enforced without the state because the only thing that makes a contract enforceable is the power of the people involved to make redress if the contract is not followed. It puts us right back where we were 1000 years ago, the contract is steel, not paper.
And yes, you should hire an electrician, or contractor, or whatever expert you need, but you're not protected by their reputations, you're protected by building codes (a.k.a. regulations) and the threat of state violence if those building codes are violated. Financial instruments have become so complicated (whether they should be or not is another argument) that we have created a mechanism to protect people who can't be expected to understand them (i.e. those of us who are experts in other things). 
Look, I don't know what your background is, but I've seen what anarchy means. I've been to places that don't have state protections and where contracts are not enforceable. It's a great deal if you're at the top, but most people aren't at the top. There are no dispute resolution services or private industry that protects people who spend 12 hours of their day growing food. People who get no free state sponsored education or access to legal experts to draw up their contracts and people to enforce those contracts. It's pretty shitty business and I think we've become so comfortable in our society that we fail to see how much the state holds up that lifestyle. 
@_date: 2012-08-29 00:03:07
But that's covered by an existing law, copyright or the DMCA. There's a law on the books and existing case law that governs that situation. As bittorrenters will tell you, it's not actually theft, as theft involves depriving someone of the original.
@_date: 2012-08-22 02:59:37
OK, just because the debate is here, I'm going to weigh in:
A so called "nanny state" protects people who are *incapable* of protecting themselves. We are simply not all experts in everything we need to be experts in. I don't know how to wire electricity safely, or build a house, or make sure a car doesn't explode, so I need to trust someone to do that for me. The only way to enforce this trust is through what is effectively a contract between me and the state. The state agrees to protect me (via regulation and enforcement) and I agree to play by the rules (pay my taxes, permits, etc.).
Financial products are no different. They are complicated instruments we are all expected to have (save for our own retirements, use our 401ks, be responsible) but that we cannot possibly understand fully. This means we have regulation. 
You clearly are not an anarchist, you reference contracts, things which need to be enforced by states. Regulation is a contract between people who cannot possibly be expected to know finance, engineering, construction, everything else that our complicated society has, etc. and the state.
Clearly pirate's victims are idiots. I don't feel sorry for someone who's duped by something so obviously ridiculous. But to just say we shouldn't have regulation strikes me as the ignorance of someone who's lived their whole life with all the comforts and protections afforded them by a nanny state and never set foot in a world where the state doesn't protect them or is even actively hostile. If this doesn't describe you or I'm misjudging your point, I apologize.
@_date: 2012-07-18 16:01:49
It will come down. Wait a few days. Either way, however, dollar cost averaging is your best bet. Buy a couple today, buy a couple next week, etc.
@_date: 2012-07-11 22:09:22


This is my biggest bitcoin related fear. As the difficulty increases and prices fluctuate, it seems like it's still a system that can be cornered by wealthy people (people who can afford to risk early investment by buying, mining, etc). I'm not smart enough to see a way around this, but in the end I worry the volatility will attract only people who can afford the risk, i.e. the rich.
@_date: 2012-09-17 22:14:08
Just for shits:
1. Shared: Kind of. The blockchain is shared, so is the source code, etc. The only thing not shared is actual BTC.
2. Limited: Indeed.
3. Depleted: This is the big question. If someone could subvert the process (by mining over 50%, controlling lots of coins, intimidating devs, etc.) could it be depleted, at least in a practical sense?
The question is, can a third party get control of enough of the process to subvert it for the rest of us? If they can force out the dev team and make it sweet enough for enough miners, maybe they could. Then bitcoin forks and you're in the same boat as we are now, different competing currencies.
Just brainstorming there, feel free to correct me.
@_date: 2012-08-29 13:23:44
But you would have to prove a few things first, no? That they *were* your property for one. I can imagine an argument that you couldn't prove they were every your property (the address is somewhat anonymous). Is there a computer forensics trail that links the coins to you? What would you have to do to prove they were once your coins? Produce an "offline" copy from a safe deposit box? Put your hard drive in cold storage?
@_date: 2012-07-18 18:14:59
Don't try to guess the market, just buy regularly. It's the 401k investment strategy. If you think your investment is sound then you can assume its value will increase over time. If that's the case, guessing the market is just gambling. Buy $5 this week, $5 next week, $5 the following week and so on. Some days the value will be up and you'll get less for your money and some days it will be down and you'll get more for your money. Overall, however, the value will increase and you'll be ok. It's not the *only* investment strategy I would pursue (it's fun to try to guess sometimes) but it's the safest way to invest the majority of your money. 
Of course, in the long term bitcoin can't be treated like other investments because it's not an investment, it's a currency and a deflationary one at that. But right now in the "speculators" period, you can probably treat it like buying stocks.
This also assumes you think bitcoin will increase in value, which means it needs to get established as a currency. To get established as a currency people need to buy stuff. In order to get people to buy stuff, there needs to be less of this bullshit speculation and more exchange of goods for bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-07-18 16:42:06
I actually see a couple of differences with global markets:
1. You've still got to buy stuff
2. Inflation is a real concern, which keeps money moving
These are not issues in Bitcoin. Someone can't just start printing a bunch of money underneath you and, in the end, that money only does you any good if you start moving it (i.e. buying stuff). Bitcoin just doesn't have that much for sale. I buy my food, housing, yachts, prostitutes, etc. with traditional currency. It doesn't hurt anyone to sit on Bitcoins because what the hell else are you going to do with them? It's a purely speculative market and until it's not, there's no risk in "holding it up".
@_date: 2012-07-19 00:13:40
The theory is that he's driving the price of bitcoins up (he's got so many of them, from those loans) and then he'll cash out, drive the price down and start purchasing them back at the lower price.
There's issues with that theory, however (namely, purchasing them back will... start driving the price back up), so take what you will from that.
@_date: 2012-07-18 21:08:18
So, there are a lot of jokes here, but seriously, if we knew we wouldn't be kicking around reddit. We'd be making bitbank. Even the so called "market riggers" are likely to get screwed if they time it wrong or guess wrong. 
There's no way to know. Playing currency exchanges is the closest thing to gambling in finance. Even more so with BitCoin, which doesn't have an established pattern.
@_date: 2012-08-04 13:24:32
It wasn't really stable at $9. It was there for a week, maybe two? It was stable at $5. That said, I am also waiting, I think, but if the trend follows it will stabilize higher than the last one.
@_date: 2012-07-12 12:26:46
Well, I appreciate the vote of confidence. I think that bitcoin attracts a lot of... anti-authoritarianism, but maybe not always a full understanding of money. Banking wasn't created as a form of indentured servitude, it was created because it was necessary. It was, as Niall Ferguson put it, "a way of transferring wealth from the idle rich to the industrious poor." It evolved so people could leverage future earnings against short term needs (i.e. starting a business). There's nothing inherently evil about banks or debt. Getting ourselves into a situation where debt is so crippling we can't escape its cycle on the other hand...
Since we're on the subject, it's not like I don't worry about banks and bitcoin. I can see banks accomplishing fractional reserve banking by holding bitcoins in reserve and creating their own currencies for circulation (a la lite coin). In a way, this puts us back in the same boat we started in.
@_date: 2012-08-22 17:09:54
I'll just refer you back to an historical analysis. Competition does not maintain itself. Over time without some check, some companies will become more powerful that others. They will use that power as a state does. For 6000 years there's been private citizens oppressing other private citizens, but it's pretty clear that there's less of that now than there ever has been (I recommend Stephen Pinker's *The Better Angels of our Nature* for further discussion on this subject).
This also relies on the free flow of information. People with more power can control information flow. One guy complaining about UPS or one guys house burning down does not make a dent in the reputation of a large organization that can control the flow of information (see: North Korea). If you don't think that "private states" could get this powerful, you're not reading your history book.
I guess what it comes down to is: What makes a network of private companies different from a state? Eventually, some companies become more powerful and exert control. This is essentially the history of mankind. A powerful person (or small group of them) that has vast resources comes to control other, less powerful people. What started out as competition is now not competitive. In your unregulated world, what would be different? How would you stop the United States of eBay?
EDIT: I also want to point out that I have been to places with effectively no government. It does not work like you want it to. It's arbitrary, brutal and depressing. Powerful people beat up on less powerful ones and use them to their own ends. And it doesn't really matter how smart you are, once you're born into a family with no resources, you've got an uphill climb to get out of that mess. You can't just arbitrarily change the definitions to suit yourself either: it could just as easily be the local sheriff or local wealthy person doing the shitting, the people at the bottom are just as shat on.
EDIT: You may also be interested in the history of Latin America in the early-mid 20th Century. Specifically the mining and United Fruit operations. We're talking here about vast private "states". Companies that built their own cities and paid in a form of bondage. The extremely poor were given upfront funds and then paid in vouchers good only at the company's stores (which were exorbitantly priced). Generally they did not have much choice in the matter as they were uneducated and terribly poor. These monopolies grew into huge oligarchies that it eventually took a communist revolution to unseat. Of course, we in the US could have helped unseat these monopolies by not buying bananas or tin, but hey, free market, right?
We're seeing something very similar in the middle east right now. Brutal oligarchies built on control of natural resources (oil) that create effective states. Lots of people are going to die because of that free market.
I want to make it clear that I'm pro free market. It's just that history shows us that unchecked, oligarchy is what happens to totally free markets. Something that I nominally control is much preferable to something that doesn't care about me.
@_date: 2012-08-22 03:10:26
When I was in Iraq there were kids *everywhere*. The birthrate there is more than double the United States. This is a country with no government handouts, hell, it's a country with no government (at least when I was there). There are *massive* consequences to having children, the children could die, the parents could die.
Biology makes people have children. Indeed, the more affluence, the less children. The answer is a *more* egalitarian society, not less.
@_date: 2012-08-22 12:53:26
This... this is not an argument. Society is complex, more complex than it ever has been. Back when savings were under a mattress and everyone grew their own food you could make the "social Darwinism" argument. But now? I challenge everyone here to explain financial instruments. I also challenge them to explain how to wire their house safely and how to build a car. How else do you propose to build a society with all of its complex objects without some sort of trust mechanism in place? Or if your house burns down because someone wired it shoddily what are you to do, just shrug your shoulders and wish you'd become and electrician?
@_date: 2012-07-11 18:20:27


Do you have more information on this number? My electricity is about $0.06 in the summer and $0.045 in the winter. Could I do mining profitably?
@_date: 2012-07-29 12:53:55
I think you're number 2 is the same as his number 1...
A conspiracy seems unlikely, if only because I have a tendency to disbelieve conspiracies just due to Occam's Razor. Most people don't care about bitcoin enough to risk lying about arresting someone about it.
@_date: 2012-08-22 14:39:59


See, here's where we start to differ. I look back on 6000 years of human history and have a good idea how dispute resolution is handled over time. If these private courts do not begin as states, they certainly end as de facto states. There's the problem. How do we separate what you want (a simple dispute resolution service) from what someone else wants (power over that service)? 6000 years of history show me that what occurs is a state. Not all states are good, indeed, the state we have now is not all good. The difference is a matter of degrees. Certainly I feel our current state is cheating us, I think we can all agree on that. However, I've personally seen far worse states and human history has shown me no better states, at least not for the complex interconnected society we live in. The answer is not dismantling the state, it's repairing it.
Let's revisit the eBay example for a moment. We're first going to ignore the basic infrastructure involved here (an Internet made possible by the leasing of public spectrum [that avoids "he who has the largest tower"] or cabling made possible by public lands or right-of-way, roads, DNS system, etc) and just assume that eBay exists. What we have with eBay is a bunch of people who don't know each other. They also don't know the "trusted" third party in between, but to proctor all this stuff and to provide the services you describe, they need a lot of resources. I make a purchase on eBay. I don't know who I'm buying from. If they make off with my money, eBay gets involved. They happen to know both our real identities and that helps, but lets say the person still manages to make off with my funds. If it's only a couple of hundred dollars, I certainly wouldn't pursue it, but let's say I did. Let's say it was a lot of money. In your scenario eBay would send a private security firm after the person. i.e. People with guns. This gives them an *extraordinary* amount of power. Let's assume for a moment they are benevolent with this power and with the threat of violence recover the item I purchased. Now they've got to get it to me. Let's just say for a moment they use a private firm, UPS. UPS has a huge infrastructure. There would be literally no way eBay could exist without a trusted company like UPS that is capable of inexpensively moving stuff a long way. What's to stop UPS from taking my stuff? They don't have to deliver it. What am I going to do? My single complaint matters little to the world as UPS is so important. Maybe if they stole a *lot* of people's stuff it would matter, but there's a pretty high threshold there. However, eBay is benevolent. They're going to send their armed men after UPS and recover my package and deliver it to me themselves. They show up at the door and give it to me. However, they say "Wait, we went to a lot of extra work to get you this package, we need extra fees." So I pay them or don't get my package. Another option is to spread those fees around to everyone who uses the service (armed enforcement fees, shipping fees, etc.). 
I think you can guess where I'm going. Ebay has become a state. Sure, we can substitute a lot of independent third parties in there (multiple regional shippers, dispute resolution courts, etc), but the end result is the same. In the end someone's got to enforce the contract and if they have the power to enforce that contract, who's to say what else they can't extract from people. We've now got a bunch of de facto private states. History bears me out on this point.
Let's raise the stakes. Let's say I get my house wired by an electrician, but there are no building codes. The guy is fairly well known and trusted but wants to get the job done and cocks it up. My house burns down and I die. Who's left to enforce the contract I made with him? Not me. No private service is going to pursue it because there's no gain or consequences for them. In the meantime, this guy moved house and is now in another town. There might be some sort of reputation system that follows him, but that requires someone with power again, some sort of centralized electrical authority and we end up back in the same spiral we started with.
Society today is large and complicated. Maybe it should be smaller and less complicated, but that genie is out of the bottle. I am certainly not going to argue with you that the state is corrupted by money, but I will argue that the system is a damn sight better because of the moral pressure we exert on the state by voting. The problem here is not the concept of a state *per se* but the people who we've let come to corrupt it. We need to retake control of the state for us, not let it be substituted by the same thing in a different guise.
And simply dismissing the point as "smart people will come up with something" is, I think, part of the problem. All of us have to think through these problems if we want to keep power over ourselves. Our failure to think through these problems makes someone who *has* thought through them powerful. Now, in the case of pencils that's cool, I'm happy to let them do that, but I'm also protected by the state. I know that because they are looking out for me the pencils no longer use lead (which is harmful) or they are not deforesting my parklands at an alarming rate. I don't have to think through it because there is a system that protects my interests, but that doesn't mean I don't spend a lot of time thinking about the large implications, or about things that I *do* need to know about. I'm not dismissing the role of personal responsibility here, but my thinking about this tells me I'd rather have the state on my side than someone with money and guns and an arbitrary sense of economic justice.
@_date: 2012-07-19 00:18:05
In fairness, the BitcoinTalk forums has its fair share of asshats. But yeah, it's people who see it and think "Fake Money, ha ha", without looking in their wallets.