@_author: ivxx65
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:38:43
Sounds like the only option is the replace by fee transaction.  This was bitpay's response from contacting them. 
Thank you for reaching out to us regarding the payment made to top-up your BitPay Card balance (invoice xxxxx).
Your bitcoin transaction has been broadcast to the bitcoin network, but it does not have any confirmations. The funds have not moved, and BitPay does not have your funds yet.
You can view your transaction here: https.......
If the transaction receives a confirmation, you will be able to get a refund.
For any transaction that does not confirm, the bitcoin will be spendable again from your bitcoin wallet. BitPay does not have any control on when your transaction is confirmed in the bitcoin network.
Please note that by using a bitcoin wallet that automatically uses sufficient transaction fees (e.g.  your bitcoin transactions will confirm faster.
Please reach back out to us if your payment confirms.
BitPay, Inc."
@_date: 2018-01-29 08:41:28
Binance is probably the most safe exchange to keep your coins in the event that exchanges who use Tether start to fold if this shit hits the fan. Ideally, nobody should be keeping their coins on any exchange unless they're day trading or making a trade within an hour or so,but people are fucking stupid and lazy.
Remember, if an exchange is heavily leveraging Tether and shtf and it closes and says "sorry, better luck next time", any coins that you have on that exchange are gone. Binance is so big that it more than likely won't disappear, hence why it's a good place to keep your coins if you are keeping them on an exchange.
I tell people this all the time but it's insane how many don't want to listen. Either get a ledger nano s, trezor or spend an hour and setup paper wallets for your coins.
None of us can control what happens with Tether but we can control the security of our coins. If Tether tanks it'll suck for awhile but at the end of the day I'll be looking at it as a massive buy opportunity because I'm in this for the long haul and the price fluctuations over the next few months to few years aren't going to make it break me.
@_date: 2018-01-29 08:02:34
The underlying fundamentals of how Tether could be pumping bitcoin up are sound, I'm just not so sure as to how common it occurs. The short answer is leverage trading. 
This means people can buy between 3–5X the money that they hold. Now if all that money is being put onto BTC, you can imagine BTC price is going up.
Remember, BTC market cap may be XXX Billion USD, however, it is no where near that liquidable. For example with just $50M Tether, you can buy the walls and take BTC’s price from 12K to 15K, that’s adding another $35–$40 Billion in Bitcoin’s Market Cap with only $50M. BTC market cap and price is calculated from last traded price * coins, so if the price increases by 1$ the BTC cap increase by $16M or so.
This is fine in a way, but the real issue with Tether is the issuing of Tether without proof of reserves. For example, Bitfinex, the exchange that owns rights to issuing all the Tether, can issue as much as they want and whenever they want. Just last week the issued another $100M in Tether, now this is dangerous because they do not show independent audits that the actually have this money. Right now they have issued over $800M in Tether, that’s extremely risky, if they don’t have $800M in USD, which I don’t think they do.
Now what will happen if people start withdrawing the Tether for USD, that’s right, Tether will collapse and all the Leverage Trading will close and collapse. The price of BTC will fall at least 40–50% because they are so many trades right now and they won’t be able to find liquidity. I can bet if Tether collapses, BTC will fall to $100–500 for a brief moment on Bitfinex and then stabilise around 2–4K, that just speculative but I am more than sure that will happen because of so many Leverage Trades closing.
Best way to prevent yourself from this risk is move your coins to an exchange with No Tether or Low Tether coins. My best recommendation is Binance, it’s one of the fastest growing exchanges and it just hit $1Bn in Trading Volume a day.
(I did not write that but its a good explanation for the potential issue and I didn't feel like typing it all out.) 
