@_author: iwearthejeanpant
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:27:34
Great work. Always been my favourite price meme and one of the very few internet memes that didn't look like a shitpost. I reckon you should stick it up on your website, because even if it is a bit of a shitpost tbf, it's big money professional ad agency quality.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:01:03
This post doesn't exactly say anything.
The first paragraph is pretty nebulous. He is technically correct, and it is needed long term, but the level of long term required is pretty much an enternity in Bitcoin time.
Blocksize increase is not mentioned, so I'm not 100% sure what his viewpoint is, but is conspicuous in its absence. It doesn't look like he (personally) wants an increase, but I'd like his opinion explicitly stated. Has he clarified elsewhere what this post means?
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:32:05
There's no such thing as 'getting away' with any feasible limit. It's a case of trading capacity (and hence fees) for decentralisation. It was pretty clear that without 2mb things were going to get ugly pretty fast at the time of the Nya, but we didn't know how ugly or how fast.
Had we seen 100% segwit adoption and less adoption things may have been somewhat tolerable at this point, but they were already bad in May. At the time, I was (thumbsuck) guessing we would be ok until sometime around the middle of next year with 2mb and 100% segwit. And I didn't foresee this level of adoption.
It was fine to reject 2mb Nya. But 2mb core should have been ready to role out at almost the same time.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:28:09
An official statement on position from an unofficial group is not really possible. This said, I'd like to get this clarity too.
The only core member who I've seen make unambiguous statements on blocksize is Luke Jr., But he's obviously an outlier.
A number of core developers agreed to 2mb under the Hong Kong agreement, but I'm not sure if this was because they thought 2mb was a good idea or for other reasons.
Is anymore sold info out there?
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:12:19
As long as your Bitcoin has not moved you have BCH as well. You should be able to verify that your BTC is still there without actually checking your private key on the blockchain. 
At some stage someone other than yourself had access to your private key so there is a non-zero chance you have no Bitcoin at all. I have no idea how great this risk is.
You can't access your BCH without breaking your seal, which would destroy a lot of the collector's premium on the physical Bitcoin (if this premium still exists, because I'm not sure at current valuation anyone would trust that you have not tampered with the seal and learned the private key before selling). Just in case, don't open this to sell forks until you have found out whether there is a chance of selling for a premium first- the premium could potentially be worth more than the forked coins.
By continuing to hold an unopened casascius you hold all hard forks, past and future. You have a chance of keeping a price premium on the physical coin. Assuming there is never a premium, you will lose money relative to converting to the fork that will perform best in the future. Its not guaranteed that you can pick the best performing fork though, and keeping all is not a terrible hedging strategy. My personal belief is that BTC will outperform all forks given a long enough time horizon, but by converting all forks to BTC at current prices you do not actually increase your BTC holdings that significantly.
By opening your coin and transfering your money to other addresses to access any forks you run the risk of doing something wrong (malware, user error etc) and losing access to your coins. Make sure you know how to do this safely before doing so.
By not opening your coin you run the risk that someone will gain access to your BTC ( example ex casiscius employee). You also run the risk of your physical coin being destroyed or stolen, and without a backup or having memorised it you have lost it.
@_date: 2017-08-05 12:49:37
People can't answer this question neatly. The price could be up or down 30% a week from now. The safest way to deal with this is to make small purchases every week or so to mitigate volatility risk. Google dollar cost averaging for an explanation.
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:26:28
Not much of a catch other than low liquidity. Prices are higher due to lack of fees and driven up by users from countries with expensive bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-28 10:39:55
Controlled substances are routed through a mechanism through which the government has some control (ports, roadblocks, raids etc.). Bitcoin is a mechanism over which the government has zero control. You can't ever possess bitcoin. It is a transaction in the blockchain. It's there after the entire worldwide internet goes boom. Which basically means the collapse of civilisation. If you have the keys you can access it.
The only thing that can be somewhat restricted is the sale of bitcoin. In the extremely unlikely event every government on the planet tries to ban it, buying and selling it would just need to function like controlled substances. Sure this hurts the price. Regulation does that. Maybe even long term kills Bitcoin. But it is not likely. Governments have tried this. Russia made Bitcoin illegal for example. It's legal again now that they realised they couldn't stop it. Plenty of governments would rather have a modicum of control and profit themselves than arbitrarily criminalize their citizens. Any investment has risk. You buy apple stock today and the government could make the company illegal tomorrow. Like Bitcoin being banned, it's an acceptable risk.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:52:44
Don't believe what? That I've studied or worked in jobs related to economics? Millions of people have. This is 10s of thousands of pages reading for most.
That I've read the whitepaper? It's a few pages. That I believe it's the best piece of economics writing I've ever encountered? It's an opinion, not a fact. And you are speaking to someone in a Bitcoin sub. I'm more likely to hold this opinion than most. I recognise that some of the earliest papers on classical economics that I read in university might actually be better, but they are concepts we have internalized too much to recognise how groundbreaking they were.
That my belief in the brilliance of the whitepaper dictates that Bitcoin will be a success? It doesn't. I started looking at Bitcoin because I heard you could buy it in one place and sell in my home country for a profit. This made it interesting, even though I was 100% sure it was nonsense, despite knowing nothing about it. I read the whitepaper a year ago and was blown away. But I still didn't trust the implementation. I didn't understand cryptography or the protocols (and still mostly don't). I've only started to believe in Bitcoin in the last few months. But the amount it has grown is making it a lot easier to believe in.
If you know anything about economics (doesn't even need to be much), read the whitepaper. If you see the logic, research some more. The economics make sense to me, maybe they will to you too. If the fundamentals of the system don't impress you once you have a reasonable understanding of them don't invest. Past performance does not guarantee future results. This would be a bubble. But also, don't do as I did and dismiss the best performing investment in history because you are convinced you know everything about about it before you actually do your research though.
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:39:06
It's a commodity/remittance system slowly transitioning to a currency. You can't spend it everywhere yet, but you can spend it. Whatever your currency is, you can't spend it in most places outside your home country either, but the fact that it is not universally accepted doesn't make your USD/ whatever not money. You can convert your currency to another currency and spend via visa etc worldwideq, but you can do that with Bitcoin too. The idea behind bitcoin is that the scarcity creates value, which is required to function as money. It already functions as money, it just requires more vendors to accept it to be functional in a day to day sense. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:16:12
I've read many 10s of thousands of pages of economics through university and work. The white paper is by far the most impressive piece of theoretical economics I've ever encountered.
I was never sure its economic logic would produce actual results, but the fact that it has already grown so much and the self-perpetuating logic that drives it means it's gonna be pretty damn tough to stop.
@_date: 2017-09-18 10:30:12
To add some background information for clarity:
South Africa has 5 major food retail chains, similar to Walmart or Tescos. Pick n Pay is one of these.
Luno is similar to Coinbase in a lot of ways. It functions both as a wallet service and as an exchange. There are a couple of other local exchange options, but Luno pretty much is the local exchange market. You do not control your own private keys, so 3rd party trust is required. Additionally, there is no insurance of funds as is the case with Coinbase fiat.
However, if you are going to trust a third party, there are some pretty good reasons why luno is more trustworthy than most. In Bitcoin terms it has a long and flawless track record. Possibly more importantly is the ownership of luno itself. A media and tech conglomerate called Naspers is an investor. This company is enormous by south African standards- shifts in its share price move the entire local equities market. If 100% of the Bitcoin held by Luno were hacked repeatedly, Naspers could choose to replace the bitcoin without noticing the monetary loss. They also have a history of accepting very lengthy periods of losses as incubation on their investments, so there is reason to believe they might do so.
While 3rd party trust is clearly never ideal, it has some advantages here. Transfer of Bitcoin within luno is instant and free. This service should be just as efficient as anything offered by any traditional methods. Bitcoin fees are seldom an option in the South African context if using Bitcoin as a transactional currency.
Why this type of service could be meaningful in a country like south Africa is due to the nature of the domestic economy. The local currency has a long history of depreciation. It loses on average 7% of its value relative to the USD every year. This is typically compensated for by higher ROI in domestic investments, but the domestic economy has been underperforming recently and individuals on the whole have little faith at the moment in the direction it is going. Additionally, South Africa is very regulated in banking terms, with capital controls in place. You cannot simply acquire USD if you have no faith in the Rand. But you can acquire Bitcoin.
Effectively this partnership is a poor substitute for the lightning network though. For anyone looking at implementing the lightning network, I urge them to consider South Africa. The idiosyncratic​ nature of local macro and microeconomics make it the perfect use case on countless levels. Most countries that seem to need the lightning network the most are simply not sufficiently sizable markets to be worth considering until both Bitcoin and the lightning network have been more extensively tested. South Africa presents a huge opportunity.
@_date: 2017-09-27 20:44:01
Plenty. What most impressed me is its self sustaining logic. Nothing else I know of requires only that people act in their own interest to function properly in this. Game theory in economics typically is incompletely implemented or describes why something must fail. This describes why it must work. 
It's a 10 minute read though. If you think you understand bitcoin well you have obviously commited more than 10 minutes in the past, and if you are willing to spend any time researching, it needs to include reading the whitepaper. It's an amazing piece of writing, and is worth a read even if you never use Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-10-02 01:29:46
I'm unsure as to whether or not I agree with you, but I really appreciate this answer. Clear, well reasoned and reasonable. Can't remember every reading anything on 2x from either side that didnt feel like a dog barking propaganda at me before
@_date: 2017-10-04 21:57:28
Gold can be used to make electronics and jewelry. Almost all of its value comes from its use as a store of value/speculative investment.
Bitcoin can be used as a payment system or a remittance system. Almost all of its value comes from its use as a store of value/speculative investment.
They are pretty similar as investments. Bitcoin has higher risk but much much higher potential rewards, so my 2 cents is being invested in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-28 23:21:27
I don't think it's always possible to get in at all, but employer sponsor will usually do the truck
@_date: 2017-10-21 19:52:12
It is historically the best major investment tool of all time. There is enormous potential for future growth. However, nobody knows for sure where the price is going. It's almost impossible to determine a value. Do your research and if you believe in what gives it value, buy.  If not, look elsewhere. 
@_date: 2017-10-07 12:13:42
Current chinese propaganda doesn't really impact on much from what I've seen. People are aware that the government takes liberties away but tend to not care in a way that westerners would expect. Part of this is that they are aware of the fact that the centrally planned and authoritarian nature of their government enables their massive economic development- it's a good trade on the whole. Part of it is cultural- they don't value individualism so highly (philosophies like maoism and confusianism contribute to this). And in this case part of it is unintentionally pragmatic- China has historically given zero fucks about the rest of the world, because they have had no reason to. China has been a stablish empire with a population that would be big even in modern terms since before most of the world had writing. Even today there isn't really a global economy if you are Chinese- there is a Chinese economy and not much reason to think about anything else.
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:40:12
Thats fine. It can stay deleted if you don't like it. Do you Mind telling me why though there are posts with hundreds of upvotes showing this happening. I'm just highlighting that corrupt marketing is a feature of BCash itself, not just an add. Surely shortlist.himour is allowed if there is something worth saying involved?
@_date: 2017-07-24 20:33:27
Even if you weren’t in my food chain, I would go out of my way to attack you.
If I were a lion and you were a tuna I would swim out into the middle of the ocean and friggin eat you! And then, I’d bang your tuna girlfriend.
@_date: 2017-07-18 13:23:38
So, today seems to be the day everyone became convinced we  are  about to lock in one of the most impactful changes in Bitcoins history, and have just seen the largest price spike in two years. But the only thing people are particularly interested in is a story of a man promising to eat his own dick.
I approve entirely. This thread is amazing.
@_date: 2017-07-21 02:46:18
It has been fairly  predictable recently. I've Beene​ incorporating volatility for the first time in the last few weeks. I was mostly getting it right, despite learning on the job. And then the last few days happened. It must be close to statistically impossible for someone to get it wrong that often, because complete ignorance would imply randomisation. This was sheer ungodly given talent. I called a top 5 times in a row only, only to fomo back      in. I'm basically bulltarded, so it rarely happens that I call a top once in a row even when I should be. 800usd of wrong at the only time it's ever gone 800usd. is special.
Not sure about kraken for taxes, but you can get this
Elsewhere if needed,
Are you comfortable with the Kraken engine for trading? The amount of complaints have been, er, spectacular, even by Kraken standards
@_date: 2017-07-16 08:45:47
Please take a little time to consider what type of person you are and what type of person you would like to be. You are capable of change.
@_date: 2017-07-21 03:42:58
I might want to know who was buying myself​ house, but house purchases seem to be getting a bit pedestrian for bitcoin. If Bitcoin has an mediocre year but doesn't choke, my house will be priced in the single digits. This is not even close to OTC stuff. That close to half the world earns less than a single unit of 'currency' in a year of work is mindblowing. 
Great post though thx. I was at best skeptical about 91 and very sick of the briganding  This makes a lot of sense though. It should not be overlooked now.
@_date: 2017-07-16 12:24:39
Ignore for a moment the fact that you made this comment with zero knowledge of the OP's circumstances and background, could not tell if this was in any way avoidable, or whether a single financial calamity undid what could have been years of financial prudence. Ignore even that had it been 100% an avoidable problem of his own making, a little compassion for a man getting out of jail and trying to rebuild a life may have been appropriate.
Just think about yourself and your interests here. 
Most of us read this as a heartwarming Cinderella down-on-his-luck story, as well as an affirmation of an economic project we are passionate about. It made us happy.
You saw this as a reason for an irrational rage at internet strangers. A bum will be a bum whether or not you call him out on it.
Wouldn't you rather be the type of person who finds happiness rather than rage here? 
This is not hypothetical. This is something you can change. Understand that I consider what you wrote to be one of the most reprehensible things I've ever read. It would be fairly easy for me to just tell you you are scum and be done with it. But I'm not. I genuinely believe you can help yourself enjoy life more, and that doing so will help you be better to others. All you need to do is to understand the people and their circumstances are unique, and to try to have a calmer and more measured perspective. Give it a shot, even if it sounds stupid. Happiness is a big prize.
@_date: 2017-07-16 10:33:01
Bitstamp.net is either the number one pick or close to it for each of your three requirements. Be aware of the costs of currency conversion and the local pricing as well though- there is a small chance you may be better off on btcmarkets for example.
@_date: 2017-07-21 03:06:16
Very much mostly the uncertainty. The timeframes are very meaningful.
Partly that people in general do want segwit. We've seen the price jump on positive segwit before. But this is also fairly attributable to people getting sick of all this shit. Had segwit been commonly rejected some time a ago and it been unclear if we were about to go to 2mb in a safe fashion, concensus signaling would have done the same thing
@_date: 2017-07-04 10:57:20
This is the first time I've heard a national currency described as a shitty altcoin. I have a feeling it won't be the last time though.
@_date: 2017-07-27 09:33:03
Hey. I'm making some serious assumptions here. Nobody knows how this is going to play out, and I'm not even particularly familiar with how it played out to date as I wasn't around for Gox. I'd like to know that someone with sufficient skin in the game to at least get a qualified opinion at a later date in case it begins to look likely has considered it.
Fiat of this order of magnitude can't just disappear. There will be plenty of paper trails and likely seizures. Maybe plea bargains as well. But this money may not come back to you. I'm not a lawyer and don't even know what law would be applied. But I feel there is a chance this may come down to whether funds recovered are considered the proceeds of criminal behaviour (my guess is you get nothing and the goberment takes it all) or direct proceeds from the sale of stolen goods, which sounds more hopeful.
I'm really just guessing, but you have a lot of money in this and it may be worth a look.
@_date: 2017-06-27 08:08:26
Setting up a us account sounds like a nightmare.
You can piggyback directly into ACH from a Canadian account. You may want to add a USD account, check the various costs with your bank.
Maybe confirm with Gemini 1st though. Everyone else would just call this a normal transfer, but this is bitcoin.
Alternatively, i think gdax may have accepted interac directly at some stage. Worth asking on the off chance. Don't accept high fees on any leg  of this transaction. There are way too many alternatives