@_author: iwidhfbchdusidh
@_date: 2015-07-06 18:45:00
You didn't address the issue, but dodged it completely. No one said anything about uniqueness. "Welcome to capitalism" isn't a valid reply. I'm going to hire someone to break your legs and shit down your throat... Welcome to capitalism! It's the careless attitude you exhibit here that doesn't help wage and wealth inequality based in unethical or illegal practices.
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:14:48
Fair enough. Though, to say the discussion here is out of context is inaccurate. We're talking about illegal wire-tapping, etc... Cyrusius' initial post is about "execution" and is all that matters. That theory goes out the window and is nullified if a person can't even get out the door or use the telephone or internet to implement or execute the idea due to illegal recording, etc... You say 
@_date: 2015-07-06 19:21:21
Hey dippy, read the topic at hand within the post. You didn't have to reply to the relevant post. There's broad discussion within the OP and if you don't see the relevance of what we're talking about, that's your loss, sucker. Welcome to capitalism...I'm already laughing at your ineptitude and subsequent loss and theft of an "original" idea. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:00:40
To say the discussion here is out of context is inaccurate. We're talking about illegal wire-tapping, etc... Your initial post is about "execution" and is all that matters. That theory goes out the window and is nullified if a person can't even get out the door or use the telephone or internet to implement or execute the idea due to illegal recording, etc... You say I need a better grip on context? Bullshit.
@_date: 2015-07-06 19:33:18
There may not be anymore original ideas or thought, sure, maybe. That doesn't mean someone thinks their idea is de facto "unique to them." It means they believe the idea has value and are worried about theft ... in the current time and place - hence the discussion/post on illegal wire-tapping and/or recording devices. How do you not process such a basic notion? 
With that said, yes, this discussion/exchange is a bit of a stretch (in which you make good points), but it's not irrelevant. If you think what we're talking about is irrelevant, you must have been living under a rock for the past few decades.