@_author: izzy91
@_date: 2018-10-12 02:54:23
Is the link to attempt to recover the funds correct?
Because when attempting to, I get sent to a standard login page that requires the wallet ID. But we're only provided the wallet address which doesn't seem to work for me. Unless I'm missing something obvious here.
And no I'm not close to solving, I just wanted to be aware of the process beforehand lool
@_date: 2018-10-13 13:20:41


Exactly. I'm actually counting on that and not even thinking about external arbitrary lists or events. As if that were the case, it wouldn't really be a good puzzle so I'm giving the creator the benefit of the doubt and making the assumption that everything we need is contained here.
But yeah there are countless ways to go about this, the tip about Rain Man made me think I may be on the right track in regards to extracting the day of the week from the dates given and maybe using that as some sort of metric. Not sure right now...
@_date: 2018-10-13 11:29:57
Completely STUCK. Am going to post my ideas I have here. Maybe people are willing to collaborate or feel generous if they end up solving it with my help.
Sorted all the dates by the index number given. You get 14 groups with this which is an issue. Not sure how we determine which 2 words to omit but also perhaps this isn't the correct method anyway.
But working with this, I had something interesting with group 6.
These are the dates with the '6' index.








What I then did was research what days of the week these dates fell on. I then assigned a value from 1-7 through monday-sunday. These are then the values with those dates.










Adding these together you get..
You add the index number of the group they're a part of (group 6) and you get 617.
Checking the BIP-39 Mnemonic code database you see that index 617 = escape.
Now I assumed maybe I was onto something as the one tip was that the 6th word = escape. And here I get the 6th group = escape although there's still the issue of how to remove two words from the 14 groups we get.
I repeated this method with every other group and then tried countless combinations of removing two other groups but have got nothing.
I'm pondering if maybe the entire list of dates is supposed be iterated through as a whole rather than separate groups which would then mean each date is equal to a single character. So the 67 total characters would spell out the 12 words. I'm leaning more towards that method now as there's no issue of having too many words like in the separate group method. 
Only issue now is I have no clue how to correlate these individual dates to single characters.
@_date: 2018-10-13 09:59:58
Just want to confirm, but a 'valid' pass phrase does not actually mean that it's a pass phrase to a currently created wallet but rather that the format itself is correct for a pass phrase? And so if its correct in format and not connected to any wallet, we're just creating a brand new wallet?
As I've created around 20 new wallets in the last few days of trying to solve this puzzle lool
@_date: 2018-10-12 11:36:40
Yes thats what was confusing as I had 3-4 attempts with different pass phrases and was told the first 3 were invalid. The fourth was apparently valid and took me to an empty wallet which is where the confusion arose.
@_date: 2018-10-12 11:19:14
I see as thats the process I went through but when I entered the pass phrase it just created a brand new wallet for me it seems. Which is why I was asking if we also need the wallet id? Or should the pass phrase automatically redirect me to that? And if so, did I just coincidentally enter a pass phrase to an empty wallet loool