@_author: j11h
@_date: 2015-05-30 21:02:03
Perhaps. The ATM fee was probably a factor as well (keep in mind that some ATMs also charge their own fee, which is completely out of our control - customer should be notified of this at the ATM). Also worth noting that periods of high volatility can wreak havoc on the spot price from one exchange to another though we endeavor to use a price that represents market value at the point of sale. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 16:45:03
This is a legitimate concern that we are working to address with our legal and compliance teams. I'm also an avid bitquester and I know this causes friction. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:59:08
Johnny from Xapo here. The vault and wallet are multi-sig (note the "3" at the beginning of your receiving address). The difference is that we secure the private keys, and in the case of the vault, in such a way so that they never touch the internet (neither at creation nor signing). Hot and cold signing servers are geographically dispersed and protected by rigid physical and technological security. Our philosophy on keys syncs with the fact that we run an insured custodial service (no fractional reserve) and our customers do not want to have to worry about private keys. We've built customizable settings so you can install multiple signatories before transactions will be processed (see "settings" in your wallet or vault dashboard). 
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:03:12
Johnny from Xapo here. The fee you're referring to applies if we need to convert to another currency other than what your card is denominated in. For example, if you have a GBP card and you pay for something in EURO the 3% fee would apply. If you use a GBP denominated card and pay in GBP we don't charge you a fee. 
@_date: 2015-05-27 21:12:49
Johnny from Xapo here. Many don't want anything to do with private keys, especially if the Bitcoin has been bought with other peoples' money - e.g. Investment funds, investment managers, etc. The concern those folks have is whether if something goes wrong with private keys they control subjects them to liability (and under which circumstances it could be personal liability). I wrote a post about this based on my experiences with our institutional customers:  I general, the feedback I've received is that larger institutions want nothing to do with private key management. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 17:00:54
There is a fee for using an ATM and an FX fee if the currency you pulled from the ATM was different than the currency in which your card is denominated. The other question I think you're asking is what exchange rate we use for converting from BTC to fiat. We use the spot price of a major exchange (top 5 by volume) and do not take any spread (we can do this because we hold those coins instead of selling them to cover). 
Does this answer your question?
@_date: 2015-05-30 16:43:19
There are great solutions for people that want to manage their own keys. We have found that our customers prefer not to touch private keys and we wouldn't anticipate much use of a product like that by our existing user base. The other issue is that if a customer loses private keys it's a bad user experience no matter who is at fault. Frankly we think the average user - not the average bitcoiner - is a disaster waiting to happen when it comes to security. That said, we have built numerous protocols on top of the actual public/private signing process that goes on under the hood to give customers the requisite control. We even layer on additional procedures (like in-person authorizations) when requested. Our SOC2 certification attests to the level of security we utilize that is for our users' benefit - this was crucial to obtaining the certification given that we host our users' keys. 
That's all a very long winded way of saying we likely will never have a product like you suggest but that we've built a more secure version of that product that still leaves control in the hands of the user while eliminating private key theft due to user error. 
EDIT: words
@_date: 2015-04-06 19:26:07
Buttercoin has a great team and will undoubtedly learn from the experience. We will hear from them again and I'm looking forward to it!
@_date: 2015-04-24 11:38:12
You should be able to preorder the debit card while viewing your wallet within the Xapo web app. If you have issues please pm me. 
Thanks zyklon! I hope you're well!
@_date: 2015-04-18 09:20:56
Totally understand if you don't want to provide any info. Just so you know, we only require the last four digits of your SSN for verification purposes. We also keep your info private in accordance with our privacy policy. 
Unfortunately for hosted wallet companies identity verification is universally required and we try our best to minimize the impact on our user base. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:30:07
Totally agree. Sadly, legacy users from early last year need to bear with us on an imperfect process. We have implemented a number of fixes for new users to address your exact concerns. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:46:09
Our business and products are global by nature, true. That said, our company HQ is in Palo Alto and we have a Delaware C-Corp for our US operations so we are required to comply with US laws (among many others). 
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:28:16
Thanks for the question. A large part of our corporate structure is due to trying to work proactively with jurisdictions friendly to Bitcoin (as much as we hate to admit it many Bitcoin companies are still wholly reliant on traditional banking rails for the foreseeable future). Working in the US and complying with US laws also affords a host of benefits as far as regulatory legitimacy is concerned (and we have been an MSB from the get-go). 
We are required to collect info about our customers for compliance with numerous regulatory frameworks and we expend every effort possible to protect our customer data through a variety of means. Knowing certain info about our customers also helps us on certain fundamental levels to understand our own customer base. We are not in the business of assisting terrorist financing or other criminal activities and would turn those customers away regardless of regulatory responsibility. Also, many scams rely (especially related to obtaining free bits with account creation) on the ability to create numerous accounts easily. ID verification mitigates the concerns on this for us. 
Regarding our insurance structure - thanks for raising. We have two layers of insurance: the captive and a second layer provided by a co-surety group of 4 AM Best rated A++ and A rated insurers. We announced the second layer a few months ago here:   The insurers placed early faith in us due to our security infrastructure, balance sheet, SOC2 audit and our team with deep fintech experience. Obtaining these policies was a huge win for the Bitcoin community at large though as well (a lot of education of insurers on Bitcoin technology preceded the issuance of the policies). 
Our captive has a number of benefits as well, including the ability for us to write a very broad policy covering numerous things that could happen. Providing coverage in the event of a loss is also more straight forward through a captive as well. So in practice, if a loss were to happen we would look to the captive to provide coverage before going to the second layer for the convenience of our customers.  
@_date: 2015-02-12 18:38:35
awesome!  I have to use bitstamp / OKCoin for the time being until you guys can roll this out but I'd love to switch over.  keep up the good work guys.
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:33:36
I'm glad you raised the question about what would happen if we ceased operating. We are a custodian of bitcoin only and no coins stored on behalf of our customers show up on our balance sheet. Accordingly, bitcoins would be returned to our customers in the unlikely event that we ceased operations. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 17:55:43
the legal gray area is the primary reason for why this wasn't around - and the main reason for Kickstarter's pre-order / swag order model.  I think more and more companies will open up to this (even established ones setting aside slices for the public) as the law in the U.S. is more fully fleshed out.
(source: I'm a former corporate lawyer)
@_date: 2015-02-26 08:10:13
Johnny Reinsch from Xapo here. As a US-based money services business Xapo is required to collect certain information about its clients. Admittedly, this does not provide the best user experience at times. I apologize for the process as I know it can be cumbersome - we are doing what we can to make the process as transparent and frictionless as possible. 
Happy to field questions in the thread or PMs though it's getting quite late in CA so please excuse any delays in responding. 
Johnny Reinsch
SVP, Legal &amp; Strategy | Xapo
@_date: 2015-02-26 08:29:25
Cue thread like this that happens every time the price mellows before another cascading fall...
Volume might be low because of Chinese New Year (my hypothesis). Not sure if that cuts against or in favor of a buyer surge when normal trading volume resumes. We shall see!
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:25:01
Apologies to hear you're having trouble. PM me so I can get your xapo associated email addy and I'll help resolve the issue. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:55:13
I appreciate the feedback.  Thanks for taking the time - 1000 bits for you!
@_date: 2015-02-10 21:53:46
Advanced order types beyond instant buy/sell.  Stop / limit orders would be a good start!  