@_author: j-630
@_date: 2017-11-12 20:31:38
Original art work made over the course of a month. Hand-drawn with pencil &amp; paper, scanned into GIMP and colorized digitally. My intention was to represent what Bitcoin means to me in an image, so we have Lady Justice with her blindfold, sword, and scales - impartially measuring the strength of the USD against Bitcoin. BTC clearly outweighs the USD which is falling apart, littering the pristine landscape, and eventually disappearing over the horizon to symbolize the inevitable future for fiat. The river symbolizes movement and the sun represents rebirth. The mountains represent the many peaks in value that Bitcoin has experienced throughout its life thus far, with many more peaks easily imagined just outside the frame.
Prints, shirts, hoodies, mugs and iPhone cases all available for purchase with crypto. PM for details. Thanks for looking!
Edit: purchasing info
@_date: 2017-11-06 16:14:35
I’m happy to finally release my first Bitcoin related artwork here on r/Bitcoin! Made over the course of a month. Hand-drawn with pencil &amp; paper, scanned into GIMP and colorized digitally. My intention was to represent what Bitcoin means to me in an image, so we have Lady Justice with her blindfold, sword, and scales - impartially measuring the strength of the USD against Bitcoin. BTC clearly outweighs the USD which is falling apart, littering the pristine landscape, and eventually disappearing over the horizon to symbolize the inevitable future for fiat. The river symbolizes movement and the sun represents rebirth. The mountains represent the many peaks in value that Bitcoin has experienced throughout its life thus far, with many more peaks easily imagined just outside the frame.
I’m prepared to make most colors and sizes of men’s and women’s t-shirts, long sleeve shirts, hoodies, multiple sizes of framed and unframed posters and canvas prints, plus mugs and iPhone cases. I’m happy to make mockups to send to anyone interested in specific color combinations or sizes. I am also happy to say that I am accepting crypto (Bitcoin / Litecoin / Dash) or PayPal as payment. I don’t have an escrow service but I can provide proof of my eBay store which has 100% positive feedback from over 250 reviewers. PM with any requests. Thank you!
Edit: formatting
@_date: 2017-11-06 04:47:23
Awesome write-up! Great way to bring some sobriety to the current hype and remind us what it's really all about
@_date: 2017-11-07 16:13:05
Check out r/bitcoinmarkets for more info on this question.  Many people at r/bitcoin will advise you to hodl and can tell you how they lost a lot trying to Day trade. Basically if everyone could time the market, we'd all be rich quick. The key is knowing when is "high" and when is "low" - if you think it's the high and sell but it never drops below that high then you're just waiting forever...if you think it's the low and buy but then it keeps dropping you might resell, etc. I've never tried Day trading like you're describing but I can understand that it's more complicated than just "buy at low sell at high"
@_date: 2017-11-12 21:18:41
Thank you! PM'd :)
@_date: 2017-11-12 20:49:54
Thank you for your input. You have every right to interpret it that way but I'm not sure I follow. Justice for all people means freedom from an inflationary currency created from a corrupt system.  And the scale weighing heavier on bitcoin shows that bitcoin is the way to achieve that.  I don't quite see how putting bitcoin and fiat in comparison is wrong.  There's an imbalance...fiat is used and accepted by so many but it's unjust, while bitcoin is a just system that isn't nearly as widely used or accepted.  To me that means theres a need for a rebalancing and justice brought to the system of currency in the form of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-14 16:44:38
Gotcha, thank you
@_date: 2018-03-14 16:34:28
Unrelated to topic but does anyone know why it's only showing that there's 2 addresses with over $100K in them?  Clearly this rich list can't be accurate, right?
@_date: 2017-10-09 02:03:52
There's a well-written (although arguably biased) post from about a week ago about what's going on with 2X.  This can give you the simplified gist, but since it's coming from someone who supports Core over 2X it won't necessarily give you the story from the S2X proponents' standpoints.  I found it informative but try your best to take it with a grain of salt. 
@_date: 2017-10-09 01:51:30
check out the sidebar &amp; FAQ sticky post here for general info. r/bitcoinbeginners is also a great resource when just starting out since it doesn't really include discussion of the more advanced aspects of Bitcoin &amp; blockchain technology. It can be hard to digest the info from r/bitcoin without background knowledge.  I second the suggestion to watch Andreas Antonopolous's channel on YouTube. He's easily one of the best communicators of this technology. Hes got a massive amount of videos on almost every aspect of this stuff on his YouTube channel.  He's also done 3 podcasts with Joe Rogan over the years which are a great place to start - very easy to understand and pretty funny imo. You can find them on YouTube too. 
Welcome to the future of money :)