@_author: j__p__
@_date: 2019-05-19 13:24:52
 
I've had time to flesh out my thoughts more if you want to continue the discussion.
I recognize Bitcoin's current standing as the outright leader, but I have so many more questions (in general to many people who have answered).
1. Government/Regulation: What's stopping the US gov't from just creating their own blockchain currency, mandating its use, and outlawing all other cryptos?
2. Adoption: Despite many people not trusting bulge bracket banks, the reality is that most people do trust big banks over BTC. It's not a matter of whether you don't trust banks, but the general mass public. Also, I don't see full adoption happening anytime soon, there's a lot of time and things that can happen in between.
3. Economics: If BTC were to be adopted, a lot of things like curbing inflation, manipulating money supply, printing money to dissolve big debt would become even larger issues due to the scarcity and fixed supply of BTC. The volatility and adjusting the value of BTC drastically would create so much inflation/deflation issues that it makes BTC use impossible from an economics point of view.
4. Big Banking and Central Banks: These big players aren't just going to lay down and admit defeat. They're not going to just give up their positions of power and wealth because BTC is better. They're going to want to maintain power whether by use of their own blockchain currency or their own regulation of BTC, and the reality is that they are in power.
5. Currency or commodity? USD or Gold? Due to BTC's lack of medium of exchange values (mass acceptance) and measure of value (too much volatility to agree on how much it is worth in an exchange), I find it difficult for it to be accepted anytime soon as a currency. The only check it passes is the store of value. If it's a commodity, then honestly who cares.
To me, BTC is incredible in theory, but not in practice. I sincerely believe blockchain is the future of money, just not why it *has* to be BTC.
@_date: 2019-05-18 22:41:21
Thanks, I think this answer has been the most informative. To me reason  seems most reasonable. 
Frankly, I still have issues in terms of regulation and adoption by the general population at least in the near future. Younger people are more accepting of BTC, but I doubt anything other than something like JPM Coin (promoted by a commonly known entity e.g. gov't) would be accepted by the baby boomer generation. Not saying that JPM Coin is better, but in theory and in practice are two different realities.
Is there anything that's stopping the US gov't from eventually stepping in and mandating US citizens use their version of a blockchain currency and outlawing BTC? In a sense similar to how at one point paper money was introduced versus use of gold and coins.
@_date: 2019-05-18 22:53:32
Thanks for your answer. I find a lot of similarities between Tesla and BTC. Both are in very early stages, but Tesla like BTC is far more advanced than their competitors.
@_date: 2019-05-19 17:00:40
Wow, thank you for the answer. I honestly wasn't really expecting one as thorough as this. I will say your points are very well received and has definitely moved me even more towards viewing BTC in a better light. I still have certain doubts that I don't think can change without time and further events, but the reasoning you've given definitely helps me understand the excitement around BTC.
@_date: 2019-05-19 13:22:15
I appreciate the answer. I recognize Bitcoin's current standing as the outright leader, but I have so many more questions (in general to many people who have answered).
1. Government/Regulation: What's stopping the US gov't from just creating their own blockchain currency, mandating its use, and outlawing all other cryptos?
2. Adoption: Despite many people not trusting bulge bracket banks, the reality is that most people do trust big banks over BTC. It's not a matter of whether you don't trust banks, but the general mass public. Also, I don't see full adoption happening anytime soon, there's a lot of time and things that can happen in between.
3. Economics: If BTC were to be adopted, a lot of things like curbing inflation, manipulating money supply, printing money to dissolve big debt would become even larger issues due to the  scarcity and fixed supply of BTC. The volatility and adjusting the value of BTC drastically would create so much inflation/deflation issues that it makes BTC use impossible from an economics point of view.
4. Big Banking and Central Banks: These big players aren't just going to lay down and admit defeat. They're not going to just give up their positions of power and wealth because BTC is better. They're going to want to maintain power whether by use of their own blockchain currency or their own regulation of BTC, and the reality is that they are in power.
5. Currency or commodity? USD or Gold? Due to BTC's lack of medium of exchange values (mass acceptance) and measure of value (too much volatility to agree on how much it is worth in an exchange), I find it difficult for it to be accepted anytime soon as a currency. The only check it passes is the store of value. If it's a commodity, then honestly who cares.
To me, BTC is incredible in theory, but not in practice. I sincerely believe blockchain is the future of money, just not why it *has* to be BTC.