@_author: j_monay
@_date: 2018-01-05 04:39:00
That’s awesome! Can you hide your seed in them?
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:00:13
The internet was created in the 1970's. It wasn't mass adopted until the 1990's and didn't even reach its near full potential until the 2000's. Bitcoin may have been created in 2009, but Bitcoin is basically the "Internet of Money". Any of these ICOs and forks can try and replicate Bitcoin, but will never hold a candle to it.
In answer to your question, if you haven't noticed Bitcoin's mempool is actually spammed through very minuscule transactions. The transactions are speculated to be coming from Tether txs or deliberate Bitcoin Cash txs to clog the mempool.  Bitcoin can be attacked in other various ways as well, such as centralization of miners, spreading FUD with Bitcoin Cash reddit bots and shillers (think Donald Trump election Facebook spam levels), etc.
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:52:21
Okay. I'll bite.
People who have been buying Bitcoin merely for an investment or a quick buck are slowly realizing that this is not what they signed up for. That's fine - those who want to take their money and run can do so freely. The choice is theirs.
For the others who have been in Bitcoin for long enough, they understand that the fundamental principles of Bitcoin is not just for an investment or to use as currency, but it is to stress decentralization.
Any shitcoin / crap ICO can come up with their own coin with pre-sale token fundraising and earn however million dollars. You're still left holding a pee wee ant share in the ICO. Major corporations like Apple already have their own coin, except it isn't a coin, it's called Apple Pay. You want to use your fiat to use Apple Pay? The choice is yours. Just don't expect to use Apple Pay anywhere else outside of the Apple community. Same goes for any other imaginary coin you were listing.
The main emphasis on Bitcoin was that it functions as a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency as a medium of exchange between two parties anywhere in any country, but buying Bitcoin is a gamble on humanity - mainly yourself and what other people value in this particular coin.
I'm sorry to burst your bubble (pun intended, along with all the other million ICOs out there), but by stressing on decentralization and what all the Bitcoin Core developers are trying to do, your BTC will will be with you at the end of the day. When the day comes where there is another World War, or conflict between countries, you can be sure that everybody will be putting their funds in Bitcoin because the stock market will drop 20,000 points, banks will collapse, Google and Apple might cease to exist in the future. Bitcoin will rise and have more value than ever.
I know it's hard for Americans to understand that they're living in a country that is very privileged and can afford using credit cards, and the value of the USD is relatively strong. But if you look at what's going on in Zimbabwe and Venezuela with government corruption, currency being hyper-inflated, and on the economy on the verge of desolation, people are relying on Bitcoin more than ever.