@_author: j_rawrsome
@_date: 2013-11-23 00:01:22
If you haven't already check with a lawyer about what you owe your sister.  And be honest with him or her about the situation.  You made several conflicting statements that lead me to believe you're not entirely aware of your legal obligations to your sister.  Perhaps I'm wrong and you've already consulted competent counsel but you don't want to create a bigger rift between the two of you when she gets older and realizes that you possibly had a legal obligation to her.
@_date: 2013-11-24 00:45:26
That was a legit out loud laugh.
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:32:09
I have no advice on how to invest, but you need to speak to a lawyer immediately.  You have no understanding of the legal principles upon which you're relying.  The word you're looking for is HEARSAY and a verbal contract is not hearsay.  You need to figure out what your promise to her means in this case and the validity of the oral contract.  You also need to know what it means to contract with a minor.  Dude, please, please talk to a probate lawyer and explain the entirety of the situation, including the situation in which the received the original sum, the oral contract with your dad and your verbal promise to your sister.   You could be looking at an even worse situation in the future where you are liable for your sister's half.  
@_date: 2013-11-23 10:18:39
Maybe you do, maybe you don't and I'll address that in a minute but that's somewhat irrelevant at this point.  The point is reduce OP's legal liability.  It's clear from the conflicting statements he makes and the ambiguity of the terms of he uses that he's relying on legal concepts that he doesn't understand in his decision making.  Simply saying well if I get in trouble nothing can be proved is pretty fucking stupid.  
Now there's a few way I can see it being proved, but I have zero experience in this field, just my contracts and evidence classes from law school.  Furthermore, the contract might be unenforceable for a variety of reasons even if it was proved, it's just that he needs to talk to someone who can give him some direction.  
If anyone else including the  sister was told anything about the contract they can testify.  Furthermore, partial performance of the contract would be evidence of its existence.  In this case asking permission to use her portion of the inheritance shows awareness that it didn't belong to him, either through a gift or contract.  He said that the money was supposed to pay for college.  If there's no money to pay for college when she's 21 he might be on the hook.  His sister might be the beneficiary of a trust in which OP is the trustee.  It seems that way even though he doesn't say that.  If that's the case he could be REALLY fucked and he would need counsel immediately to mitigate his exposure.  There are too many flags that this guy doesn't understand the legal implications of his actions.