@_author: jackfaker
@_date: 2018-05-15 23:14:43
lmao that video. Yea im on the same page as you there.
@_date: 2018-05-15 21:28:22
I agree with you that people who "reason correctly" can profit from irrational prices and drive the price closer towards its efficient value. However, I believe that in practice there are obstacles to achieving efficient pricing in speculative markets. 
I want to make sure we are on the same page of what the efficient market hypothesis says. 


The efficient market hypothesis states that given available information the current price is the exact value. Anyone who believes that asset is over or undervalued is plain wrong. In an efficient market, there is no such thing as employing smart people to find undervalued assets. The current market price is already the perfect valuation, and no amount of analysis changes that.
I believe this hypothesis does not always hold for the following two reasons:
1. Total Collective Knowledge != Total Market Influence. People may have knowledge of an asset's true value, but are unable to translate that knowledge into market influence. For instance, take your local shitcoin. Even though you and I both know the asset is shit, we are not able to influence its market price directly because no vehicle likely exists to short it. Even if a vehicle did exist, we may not be comfortable with the associated volatility. So even though people as a whole know this asset is worth ~$0, there is an asymmetry in those who actually influence the market, resulting in a &gt;&gt;$0 valuation.
2. One Correct Analyst != Efficient Overall Valuation. Just because someone has crunched the numbers and identified the true value of an asset, does not mean that they can single-handedly influence the market price to this correct valuation. Even if you "knew" 100% that bitcoins would be worth $50,000 in the future, your impact on the market price is limited by your investment size and acceptable volatility. 


The price would then represent the weighted-average valuation of all market participants. Average is generally only equal to best if your valuations are symmetrically distributed around the correct valuation. Bitcoin has an extremely skewed distribution in valuations.
@_date: 2018-05-15 16:53:19
Im curious why you strongly believe that, because in my eyes crypto is one of the least rational markets. What new information caused a rational reevaluation from $500 to $20,000, or from $20,000 to $5,000? Do you really believe that bitcoin has never been under or overvalued? Or perhaps you see past price as irrational, and only current market conditions as efficient. Even then though, If you asked people today "Does $8,500 reflect the rational value of 1 bitcoin?" I believe the answers would be overwhelmingly no, with a polarization towards $0 and &gt;&gt;$8500.
I agree that people are able to influence market price directly, but the efficient-market hypothesis only holds if the conglomerate of this influence is rational. 