@_author: jackhandy24
@_date: 2018-01-27 17:22:31
THIS IS ALL 100% TRUE!   Chase just did this to me too here mid January for buying at Coinbase on another card I have with them.  Not only that, for anyone who they haven't already notified of an account closure, they switched all Coinbase purchases to CASH ADVANCES which means you'll get hit with $10 minimum/10% fees + 25% interest from the day it posts (no grace period I believe on cash advances -- get ready to get burned).  
So not only do they get like 4% from Coinbase for the initial purchase (since Coinbase uses an Int'l bank not a US bank most likely worried about regulations) but now they are doubling up on the other end with 10% + 25% interest.  Coinbase doesn't get most of your fees, the bank does.  So if you use a Chase Card, be ready to pay through the nose to Chase and make them even richer.
I have a letter here I can scan in and post online dated January 16, 2018 - Chase Bank sent me a letter stating they are closing one of my credit card accounts of many years due to an incorrect reason of "inactivity".  This account was never flagged for inactivity ever before and had been used here and there -- it just isn't true.  Just so happens after I made some Coinbase purchases on another credit account here in December 2017 they are now deciding to retract my credit on this 0 balance account.  "We are closing your account within 60 days and it doesn't matter if you use it.  We're still closing it.  You can use it within this time if you want but we're closing it."  This is exactly the text of the letter here.  Have you ever seen a bank not give you some time to use it before closing it for "inactivity"?
Most banks who do this will say "you have 45 days or 60 days to use your account in order for it to stay open".  Nope.  That's another reason they are flat out lying!  Wow.  What a bunch of scumbags.
We made them rich by putting our money in their bank so they could lend out 90% of it to hard working people at high rates and this is how they repay us?  When we want to borrow our own money, we cannot?  I'm taking all my money out of my Chase Checking account TODAY and I'm closing ALL my accounts at this bank.  I will NEVER do business with CHASE ever again.  They can shove their bank up Jamie Dimon's butthole.  Time to only work with Crypto friendly credit unions and non-profits.  And eventually I hope there will be new alternatives to all centralized banks in general.
On another note, I've noticed a pattern.  Capital One and that other hippocrit CEO Richard Fairbank who also cashes out millions in stock weekly (the public made him rich but he forgets that) is completely rejecting any and all Coinbase purchases now whereas only a few weeks ago, it was fine.  Synchrony Bank (which does Sam's club and PayPal and other cards) is rejecting them too and I'm assuming Bank of America and Citi are also following suit soon enough.  The bankers are all getting together here and colluding.
It is time to start pulling ALL of OUR money out of these big banks (Chase, Citi, BofA, etc.) that got away with murder and helped create the housing bubble and the housing crisis and start putting all of our money in smaller banks and credit unions and eventually new types of institutions need to replace them and put them where they belong --&gt; in the trashpile heap with all the other ELITIST HIPPOCRITS and DEMAGOGUES.
They cannot stop this revolution because THEY created it to begin with!  The new generation is going to push these A-HOLES out of the business soon enough.  Horde your dollars now jerkoffs.  All those dollars will be worthless soon enough (they already are but no one knows it yet).
