@_author: jacksonhole1
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:13:41
Looks like there's some serious competition Downunder! 
Big guns bringing in the bring ammos! 
@_date: 2014-05-29 08:06:44
Tried the 2 biggest exchanges in Australia and here's my experience:
coinjar.com -- Nice UI. Very 'techie' tho. They tried to make it simple for everyday people but average users get scared seeing carrots on a bitcoin exchange.
igot.com -- Nice UI. But they could improve it a lot. Its simple to navigate etc, but I would like to see more stuff on there.
Buying Bitcoin using BPAY
coinjar.com --- Took 3 full business days for them to credit me
igot.com --- Took 1 business day for them to credit me
Selling Bitcoin -- this is a big one for me personally, not sure about you guys.
coinjar.com --- Sell price way lower than igot. In short trade I will almost always lose money. 
igot.com --- Impressed by their sell price. Made a tidy profit in last few days.
Customer support
coinjar.com -- Great but could have some improvements
igot.com -- Great but could offer phone support
coinjar.com --- Some VC's have invested nearly $1million in coinjar which is very impressive.
igot.com --- From what I hear (from my investment network), they are close to closing a $7.5million investment round.
Overall, my verdict is that both exchanges are working hard and honestly to provide great service to Australians.
My personal favourite for round two would be igot.com based on their speedy actions, including customer support.
PS: Posting this from this id as I do not want to use my regular account and influence anyone's choice or vouch for any of the above exchanges. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 17:00:56
That's simply not true.
Both coinjar and igot.com have enough liquidity to fulfill orders. 
"They buying from bitstamp and acting as middle man'' is simply not true. You do not know that. You are not connected to these guys. You are promoting your own exchange which is fine, but don't trash others while building yours. Well, trash them on facts - not your 'gut'. 